
State Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future We. know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-Wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


There are moments in life that are so special that you have to capture them and save them forever. They are one of those once in a lifetime events like your baby's first steps, the first time you bring your family pet home, or your daughter's first dance performance. With iPhone 15 Pro more storage means you don't have to delete anything that can become a lasting memory one day. And it's important to be able to share these moments with family members who weren't there to see them in person. Store more, share more. Connect with iPhone 15 Pro on at and t. Get iPhone 15 Pro on at and t and get an iPad and Apple Watch for 99 cents per month. Each at and t connecting changes everything. Limited time offer requires 0% a PR 36 month agreement on each while qualified customers. Other terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone for Details@public.com.


You can invest in stocks, options, bonds, crypto, and more. Plus, you can earn an industry leading 5.1% a PY on your cash while you're at it. So why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all? Invest with public a US-based company with award-winning customer support. Meet your new primary portfolio@public.com. All your investing in one place, 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing Member finra, And, I. Not a bank, not investment advice.


Maybe you've noticed that when it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If, you are not a tech expert. That's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. So to join Lenovo Pro, visit lenovo.com and unlock new AI experiences with Lenovo's ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core ultra processors.


You guys, This is History. What You've done. Done what You guys have built. A platform that Influenced AI Club World's most dangerous morning show. Wake The, Breakfast Club, DJ Envy. Every play by record. I made it just hilarious. Would She spell nobody? Charlamagne The God made you think that. Liking of controversial questions for take his part. I like this Show. Thanks. Breakfast Club. Good morning. USA Yo yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo Yo. Just hilarious. What's up y'all? Good morning. Charlamagne is out. It is Monday.


Back to the work week. How you feeling? How was your, your baby shower? How was your week? Your vacation did well Deserved. Well needed. How you feeling? I feel good. I'm not gonna lie. I feel real good. Yo, I lost my voice at the baby shower, but it, it's coming back. I, I had a day recuperate, but the baby shower was so nice. It was Yo You know what I, what I noticed about myself. I'd be like very overwhelmed with people coming up to me, and these is my, yo this is my family. It was, it was intimate, but it was still like nice grand, yo, everybody, every, it was so I was getting like pulled this way and that way. And everybody wanted to take pictures as soon as I came in. But I was hungry. And I was, we was like a hour late, so of course they had to start before we got there.


But the way my Baltimore family is, and his family is, they so lit. Everybody was dancing. They was drunk when we got there. Like, it was, it was like a, a wedding reception. It was hilarious. Was that the first time that, that your family and his family actually met? Yes. How was that? How was that? Well, it You know what's crazy. The, the Mexican side didn't come. Oh Boy. Mm. Right. 'cause it was like, mm, it's giving black, so we're not just gonna Go. The black jobs will be Yeah. All the black Joe people Was there. All the black jobs was gonna be there. We gonna give you a separate Mexican baby shower. But it was lit. It was fun. And it was his birthday, so of course it was lit. Then for the 4th of July, we did a big, big firework show.


Him and my son. It was so lit. It was lit. I had fun. We had a big cookout here at the house. So, so Y'all did a, a big firework show in Bo in Maryland. Yes. Where it's legal. Right. So we, we had to, yes, we had to drive up to Pennsylvania because they don't sell 'em. And then they really don't allow you to do the big firework show. Right. You know the projectile ones that go all the way up. PenFed the sky. Yep, yep, yep. I didn't know that they were illegal, like a lot of places. Yes. I literally just thought it was Maryland. No, they're legally in New York. They're legally in New Jersey. Yeah. That's, So how would they be doing it? Because people go across the border, quote unquote, across the border to Pennsylvania. They buy 'em and they bring 'em back and just light 'em up. But you ain't got no time to be giving people tickets for fireworks, Because I'm from Baltimore.


They would throw 'em down to Harbor every year, all the time. That's what we know. 4th of July. Fire Bricks down to Harbor. Not even that You know California banned it. 'cause they said it was so dry in California that if they actually landed in the grass, it set fires and it start fires. Everybody in Cali did not give a f about that. They were lighting fire. It was like California looked like crazy. Oh, this year I see it. Oh, it looked crazy. Nobody cared. Nobody cared. But it was, I had a really good vacation. What you do? Yeah. I didn't, I didn't do You know nothing. I, it was just barbecuing. So 4th of July, I barbecued with the family, had all the whole family over. We were all in the pool. Mom, Dukes pops, the cousins family. We just had a, a great time at the crib. My, my kids just love family.


So it was, it was, it was great for them. We played everything from kickball to we, we did every sport that can possibly happen outside. We did outside. Yo, Y'all are so athletic. Why are y'all playing sports? That's what we did. We, we played sports, then we jump in the pool, then we played sports. We played Wiffle Ball Kickball. We played Cornhole Frisbees. Yeah, we played Spike Bald. And there's new games that they just make up that we just played it. It was pretty good. And You know, You know I who I, what I actually did this week. I actually met my daughter's boyfriend's family. How was that? They came over for a barbecue. We had a barbecue for You know. Just they came over. It was, it was good. It was, we had a great time. He was You know, drinking, smoking, hookah, jumping in the pool, all that.


That's Shoot. Okay. All That. All that. He had his family over my family. It was, it was, it was a good time. It was, it was a good time. Was it a barbecue or was it a cookout? I don't, what was it? It was, we had music. We had fried chicken and then we had barbecue chicken. So it was a little cookout and slash barbecue. It was a little, it was, it was ghetto and bouie. It Was ghet and bougie at the same time. All right, cool. It was ghetto boogie at the same time time I had to tell em. I was like, look, don't get it twisted. I said, well, You know you can eat with your hands. Like we don't cut You know. 'cause sometimes people come, they be like, they wanna be bougie. Like, yeah, hard. You're doing it And I like, yeah bro, you must not know us. But now we had, we had, we had a great time. So salute to Andrew and his family for coming through. We had a, a wonderful time actually. But let's get the show cracking.


Front page news is up next. We gotta go through what happened while we were going. I really don't know. 'cause I've been been, Oh My God, I've been offline. What? I've been getting caught up. Yo, we missed a lot on this vacation. Yo. We gonna get into it though. It's crazy. We miss BET awards. We missed the Essence Festival. We miss Joe Biden. We miss Kamala Harris. We missed Donald Trump. It was a riot. It's a lie. We going, we gonna fill you guys in, so don't move. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Get your ass up. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Hey girl. Hey y'all. Hey, good morning. Back at it again with the back again. So, while we were away, the Supreme Court of the United States made a few rulings and cases on their docket.


One of them being deciding whether to grant former President Donald Trump immunity from prosecution for alleged crimes committed while he was in office. Well, last Monday, July 1st, the high court ruled six to three in favor of the former president. Meaning he is shielded on some levels from criminal charges for acts he took in office. As a result of this rulings, Trump's sentencing for his hush money trial in New York has been pushed back to September. So he's no longer gonna be sentenced on July 11th, and he will be able to remain on the campaign trail unless the judge in that New York hush money case sentence his him to prison or home confinement. Now the decision also means Trump's election interference case will probably be delayed until after November while a lower court litigates that decision.


Trump's advisor, Alina Haba, shared her thoughts on the ruling. Let's hear more from her. I think that the justice has made the right decision. Absolute immunity is important for all presidents. I've said it time and time again. I've argued on immunity for President Trump. And I think they did get right, that they recognize absolute immunity exists. They basically have said, sorry Jack Smith, you don't get to just impede and intrude on the executive branch. We get to have protections for presidents who are doing things while they are in office so that they don't come out and get targeted and criminally and civilly sued. Now Jack Smith is the special counsel for the United States Department of Justice, just in case he didn't know.


And on the other side of the aisle with that, president Biden shared his thoughts on the ruling. Let's hear more from President Biden. American people must decide they want to entrust the President once again, the presidency to Donald Trump now knowing he'll be more emboldened to do whatever he pleases whenever he wants to do it for all, for all practical purposes. Today's decision almost certainly means that there are virtually no limits or the President can do. This decision today has continued the court's attack in recent years on a wide range of long established legal principles in our nation. Now, the man who sent that mob to the US Capitol is facing potential criminal conviction for what happened that day.


And the American people deserve to have an answer in the courts before the upcoming election. Yeah. People are saying that the Supreme Court's immunity decision is a blueprint for dictatorship. That they believe that Trump will now come out and rule and do whatever the war hell he wants to do. But I You know, I kind of look at it in, in two ways. And this is the reason why is fo you If you commit a crime. You should do the time. Absolutely, positively. But I guess it's also what they're looking at is optics, right? How does this look for the The World out there when, when you have a president that's in jail, right? It it kind of, the optics just look nasty for the us, right? Yeah, Absolutely. In fact, former US Capitol police officer Harry Dunn, who was on duty at the capitol during January 6th, he shared his thoughts on Trump being granted that partial immunity.


And let's hear more from him in terms of, I Was there when Donald Trump encouraged a mob of supporters to march on the Capitol to try to overturn the results of a free and fair election. I remember it clearly while they were beating officers with flags. Donald Trump is still the single greatest threat to our democracy. It was true yesterday, and it's true even more, even more especially after this ruling right now. Now there's an optic for you beating with flags. Dun Gunn claimed that, of course, Trump was responsible for that attack on the capitol, encouraged the mob in that. Trump encouraged that mob. Now, meanwhile, on the other side of the aisle, Florida Senator Marco Rubio, he's praising the Supreme Court's decision.


He recently spoke to CNN's State of the Union, and here's what he had to say about it. Well, I think what the Supreme Court did is it clarified what the law is. And that is you cannot go after presidents for official acts, and there's a presumption of immunity for quasi official acts. It is clear that we have reached an era where there are people in American politics who believe that our courts are now a weapon that can be used against their political opponents. If. you look at what their efforts and what they've done in the courts to persecute and prosecute Donald Trump. They've tried to bankrupt him. They've tried to silence him, they've tried to jail him. They've gone after his allies every single day. So it's important to note that although this case was about Trump, like Trump brought the case to the Supreme Court, this is going to impact every president who served after him, including the current sitting president Joe Biden.


I'm no legal legal analyst, I'm just a reporter. So let's hear from a legal analyst, Neil Pat, y'all, who can better explain what those decisions mean from scotus. It's a six to three decision that does side with President Trump on a variety of things. For example, upon much of the indictment that Jack Smith has is about Trump pressuring the Justice Department officials in various ways. The court says that was part of Donald Trump's official duties as president and that he's immune for that. I mean, like I said, that's very scary that the fact that pretty much Donald Trump could do whatever he wants and he won't be prosecuting if he is prosecuted, he won't do any jail time.


He won't have any punishment for it. It's very scary. The Thing it, the we, what we have to try to figure out, or the, the line that we have to try to draw that boundary is what is official capacity for a President You know, right? So, yes, definitely very scary. We'll get more into the politics. I just wanna switch gears for a second and talk about a very unfortunate sports related news story. NFL rookie Kyrie Jackson died in a crash in Maryland, upper Marlboro, Maryland, that's in Prince George's County over the week. And the Minnesota Vikings drafted the 24-year-old quarterback in April. Officials say he and two former high school teammates, they went to Wise High School, Isaiah Hazel and Anthony Linton Jr.


Were driving just southeast of Washington DC early Saturday morning when they were hit by another car. The impact forced their car off the road and Jackson and Hazel were killed. Linton was taken to a hospital where he later died. No one in the other car was injured in that incident. So that's just very unfortunate. We've got a lot of crazy stuff going on. So I You know. I just want people to just be safe over the summer and yeah, we'll get into more in the next hour, guys. Yeah, very sad case. Definitely sending out condolences. I mean, if If, you followed his history and see everything he had to do to get in the NFL and going from school to school and, and, and working at grocery stores to pay bills and, and to finally make it and for this to happen is very sad.


So definitely condolences to his family and always sending healing energy. And that is front page news. Now. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open. Again, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Let us know how your weekend was, what you did, or how your 4th of July was. We can speak to you in a minute, so call us up right now. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Bernie, this is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk Away, that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with me is blessed. Call up next (800) 585-1051. Not Just me, I'm with the coach of Philly.


Hello. Who's this? Neil the blind runner. Long time know here. Envy. It's been a while. Hey, Neil, the blind runner. Morning Jess. How you feeling? What's time? Good morning. I've been, I've been doing all right, man. I, yesterday was my birthday. I'm one year older. And I. Basically, I just wanted to give you a heads up. Remember there was a calling used to call named Butterfly And Baisley Projects. I know she passed away a, a couple of years ago. Like a year ago, right? Two years ago. Yeah. I heard about it a couple of weeks ago about, so I just wanted to know If. you knew about it? And. I. Think so. Rest in peace to her. I I known her for like a couple of years now and everything. So just wanted to give you a heads up.


But you already knew about it. Yeah. So, yeah. All right. And how you feeling? You good? You still out there running? Yeah, man, I'm getting ready for my third marathon for, for November 3rd and everything. So still waiting for you to start running with me? Nah. And Your Daughter. I, I couldn't guide you because you probably outrun me. So you be guiding me. You be dragging me like You know how them, them dogs be dragging the owners sometimes you would be dragging me all up and down. That, that the marathon brother. No worries bro. I could take it easy on you. No worries about that man. But definitely. Hopefully I could do. Jessica gave me one of the two. Well you have a good one brother. And it happened. Enjoy your birthday. Yep. Yeah. Stay blessed. Thanks. You too. Now. Hello? Who's This here?


What's? Hey, what's up Trav? What's up Jessica? My mom. What's Up baby? How you doing? I'm doing good. I'm doing good. I was calling Tell Charlemagne happy birthday, but he's still out here being a probably from his birthday. Okay. Out here giving big bottom energy, big bottom energy to my girl star. That's when say happy birthday. I know he out there tearing the tops up out there, tearing the tops up. And happy birthday to my girl's. Cancel season Right. All draft. Bye y'all. Bye Bye. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Hit us up now. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast, Club.


I'm I'm, Hey, what you doing man? I'm Call calling. Yo. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello. Who's this? Hello? Hey, what's your name, brother? Yeah, my name Mike Boss. What's up? Big up DJ Envy. Morning. Morning. What's Up Mike? Yo. Yeah. What going? Yeah. Big up Charlemagne. And Morning. Just so You know. Big up. Yeah, so more on top because like, yo, so I'm Jamaican and like yo, we just had a hurricane, hurricane Beryl that just ran through the island, like pretty much destroyed like houses power, everything is down and like, it's crazy man.


Like we really need some help out there. Like a lot. The power has been down since like July the fourth pretty much You know when we had 4th of July up here. And it's crazy man. You know what I mean? So any type of help you can reach to Jamaica mode. I really, really wanna get that. Yeah. I want separate thing to man, just wanna mention. So like my mom has a house out there that we don't live You, know what I mean? And we still get like a light bill of 20,000 Jamaica dollars and nobody lives there. That's like $200 You. know what I mean? They crazy man. It's like they're just making these bills up. 'cause we only have one power company. It's not like up here in America. You know. So just wanna bring some awareness to that You know.


Hmm, absolutely. And salutes everybody out in Jamaican And, I, And. I'm praying for you and your family. And that same hurricane they said actually went through Texas as well. So You know praying for anybody a affected by them, them hurricanes out in Texas and, and Jamaica and anybody affected at all, bro. Yeah, they been blessed up. Rich And I store listening every time on YouTube. Big up. Big up You know. Thank you Ing. Hello. Who's this? Ja from Indy. Hey, J from Indy. Get it off your chest. Hey, good morning Breakfast Club. So DJ Indy, you're gonna be able to relate this. Not to alienate Jess, but I was just trying to tell my boys, you gotta marry your best friend. I've been married before, didn't work out. I didn't follow the blueprint of what I should have. But the second time around, marry your best friend.


I, I figured it out. That's it. I love That. I mean that's, that's, that's simple. That, that, that's the easy way to do it. But you just gotta make sure that's your best friend. And when you say best friend, I mean is me and my wife. I mean we can talk about anything, anything out there. It doesn't matter. We could watch TV shows, sports. We got some, we do. Like I tell anybody, If, you tell me something you telling my wife 'cause we we, we gonna talk about it regardless. Definitely tell her. But that's how it should be. That's, that's how it should be, right? That's Right. Right. But coming from a family or history that has not been married, You know you didn't see that. You figured that out. And you're exactly right. Once you get to a place with somebody that you feel so comfortable, you can pretty much tell them anything. That's the person you probably should rally with for the rest of your life. Absolutely. And you not alienating me.


That's some great advice that's, I can take that with me. Well, well I was just saying 'cause I, not to minimize you, but I know you have not been married yet, but I know you will. But TJ Envy always talks about marrying his best friend and it's on deck now. I get it, I get it. So that's the blueprint. But You know what Ja the, the best part about it was I, me and my wife met in high school, so she was 15, I was 16. So that relationship, it, we, we didn't have nothing. So it wasn't like it was built on anything. It was just built on You know puppy love at first and friendship and just doing just fun stuff. And then it grew into what it was. That was the best thing about it is that's what, that's what I always say. Just meeting somebody in high school with it. There's no parameters. Like there, it wasn't like we were going together because we wanted a steak.


Like there was nothing we ate McDonald's You. know what I mean? So that was the best thing about, about it. You know starting from from the bottom, bottom, bottom. Right. And not to monopolize your time, but the way I figured all this out, I had been going to therapy for the past four months and she had taught me that all of my relationships had been transactions. Like I do this, you do this, I do this, do this. And then she started asking me what my friends look like and who my best friend was. And I'm like, well damn. So again, I appreciate y'all time. She just told me I had been doing it wrong. So the light bulb's on. Alright, well thank you brother. Yep. Y'all have a good one. You too. Now get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Hit this up. Jess, let me ask you, who's your best friend? Jess If.


you had two best friends. Who would they be? If I had two, who would they be? Because I have two now. Oh, Who are your two best friends? Of course we got Sheina and then we have Joey. She's from la well she's from Detroit, but she lives in la She actually just left. Okay. All right. And my two is my pops and then my wife. And, and and the reason I always say my pops is 'cause he's that one person that he gives it to you. Raw pos, he gonna tell you what it is. It don't matter. Yeah. It it, whether you like it or love it, he gonna tell you in such a nasty way. And it's like, deal with it. And then I'll go for a day. And I speak to him or he'll go a day. And I speak to me. And then the next day is just what up pops it is what it is. Like he's a mean mother. F for but that's my pops mean.


Alright. All right. Get it off your chest. 805, 8 5.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more. In fact, at public dot com's high yield cash account, you could be earning an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees or balance requirements. And you can access your cash whenever you want. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance. In other words, you can earn 5.1% a PY with the flexibility and security you deserve. It's time to take your cash out of a traditional savings account. It's time to take advantage of one of the industry's best interest rates. There are no fees, period. And you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance start earning 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing Inc. Member Finra, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank see public.com/disclosures for more.


You are probably careful with your personal information, but what about the other places that have it? Like the doctor's office that mixed up your files. They have your social security number. The power company that mistakenly cut your service, has your payment info and last three addresses. And the hotel that lost your reservation has your passport info. Your information is in endless places out of your control. Any one of them could accidentally expose you to hackers and identity theft through lack security breaches or simple mistakes. But LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second and alerts you to a wide range of threats. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back. With plans covering up to $3 million for stolen funds and expenses. Mistakes happen. Don't let not having protection be one of them. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/news. That's lifelock.com/news. To save up to 40% terms, apply


This sun season. Evolve your Sun Care with new Banana Boat 360 coverage with advanced control Mist. It's a new way to spray an all new bottle means an all new mist experience that smells great and is incredibly light on your skin. Better control with coverage you can count on tap the trigger lightly to cover targeted areas or pull for a long continuous spray. Ensuring long lasting banana boat protection. Plus it's refillable from Sweat Resistant Sport formula to kids SPF 50 plus. Shop Banana, boat 360, miss at Walmart, target or Amazon.


Our kids have said to us, since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot of doors for Us. Just this overall sense of community of the values that You know Minnesotans have. It's a real accepting a loving community, especially with two young kids. See why CNBC ranks Minnesota. Number four, best state to live and work. A great place to work and even better place to live. Explore minnesota.com/live.


Rain or shine every day is a great day for fishing, right? You got rain gear but you can't overlook sunny day gear. A Columbia PFG Solar Stream elite hoodie has you covered on the sunniest days. Like literally. I mean, who wouldn't trade a sunburn for a trophy fish? But why do it? If, you don't have to. Especially when this Solar Stream elite hoodie is built with broad spectrum UV protection. We're talking UPF 50 and it has airflow so you don't overheat. And what's the alternative? Putting down the rod every half hour so you can slather on some sunscreen. Seems like an easy choice to be. Columbia PFG has you covered with their cast back TC Shoe. It's omnimax cushioning and traction system helps if you're on your feet a lot say fighting a fish. Not to mention keeping you surefooted on a wet rocking boat. So if you're gonna be spending long days out on the water, And I sincerely hope that you will be head over to columbia.com/pfg and shop all their performance fishing gear


1 0 5 1. Now we got just with the mess when we come back. Yes, I wanted to take it back 'cause I don't appreciate how everything happened while we was on vacation. Okay. So I just wanted to take it back. We gonna cover usher's, tributes You. know what I'm saying? Because I I I stay with the people be thinking and we just gonna get it there. Okay? Because I, I need to know You know some unanswered questions and everything, so, okay. You know. We'll do that when we come back. So don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Shamine the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club Charlamagne is out. But let's get to Jess with the mess. Real Jessica Robin Moore. Jess don't do no lying.


She don't nobody worldwide. Jess worldwide mess On The. Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you To see. It's time to set it on. Okay. So congratulations to Usher You know the BET awards was last Sunday we were out. I would've covered this way earlier. And I ain't had time to do Dress with the mess on the phone. I just don't be giving that until I had his baby off. But he received the Lifetime Achievement Award. The tribute was done by all women besides Childish Gambino who opened the tribute by performing a ballet version of, you don't have to call, I didn't have time to get the audio, but just imagine Childish Gambino opening with a soft version of, you don't have to call.


How Did it sound? I Don't, I don't think that that song, first of all, performed by Childish Gambino. I don't think that song should be ever softly performed it. You don't have to call It's okay. You know what I'm saying? Right. That's one of his hype songs. But that was like the only male that they had in the tribute. Then Kiki Palmer came out and she did, you make me wanna now listen, I always say this about Kiki. Kiki give Disney no matter what. No matter what. So it's like, I'm not saying I don't take her serious, but performing for Usher, I think that still come from You know the thing that happened with her baby father.


That's, that's why she probably this you make me wanna leave the one I'm with. Yeah. So I guess that was a play on that. But you saying it wasn't sexy. It felt very, It was, it felt very Kiki Palmer. Okay. Like, okay, Disney, hey, your kids Vibe You Know kids pop. Okay. She's very PG 13. Gotcha. You know. I don't think Usher is. So that's the thing. Summer Walker did good. Good. Okay. Coco Jones did. There goes my baby. Now she started off Serenaded. This was like, 'cause You know how at Usher's show and Vegas, how he was serenade the women even if they was with their men. Right. They, he ain't care. That's what he did. Yeah, she did a play on that. Right. But she greeted his wife first, which I thought was respectful.


And then she pulled him up, he looked back at his wife like, can I go, can I go As he should? Yes, that's right. As he should have. So I thought, I thought that was the real cute. Yeah. I think I just wanted to see more men Then Marsha Ambrosia, we got this audio. She did Superstar. Oh That was, that was, that's a hard note. But that was the, I heard the uk, that was the first time I ever heard the UK come out. I was like, okay, she's singing in that accent now sound a little different. Okay then Chloe killed it. In my opinion, Chloe and Tiana, they killed it. But we gonna get there. We gonna get there. Tanasha, she performed nice and slow. It is giving like karaoke. I wonder why they did Usher like that though. I don't know why. The reason I say that is Usher, it means a lot to the culture.


He means a lot to our world and no disrespect to anybody that performed, but where are the superstars that were gonna do that tribute? Yes. Where's the mayor? The Maria? Where is? Yes, because You know All about. We are huge artists. And and why was it all women except for Childish Gambino. And then why is the Childish Gambino? That was the thing. I I think we got Mario, we got a Avery Wilson, we got Tank, we got Eric Bellinger, we got Vito. I don't even know his relationship with Chris Brown, but Chris You know. I mean there's so many different artists that I felt like could have did that. When they do those Michael Jackson tributes and they do those huge tributes, they get huge people from Yeah, they do the genre to do it. They just, no disrespect to any of those artists.


But we're talking Usher. Listen. And and when I say rightfully so Tiana ate that. Like, let me hear that's just hear a little bit of her. 'cause she had the only one like that tore it up vocally. And her Victoria, Monet, they dance, right? No, she ate that she that I'm talking about. Yeah, like Victoria Monet gave Beyonce. Like just, just 'cause You know, we know Victoria comes with the performances anyway. So I was extra, extra proud to see Coke. Chloe Bailey, she did good kisser. She ate it up. And Tiana, they, they did the, the best to me That I just feel like all the stars should have came out. We're talking Usher. He just did the Super Bowl. Where was Beyonce? Where was was were people like that, like Alicia Keys that he's done records with?


Right? Where were those people for this tribute? And no disrespect to of the other artists, but I just feel like this is Asha. Well they probably was like BZ you Stupid. Excuse me, you stupid. So You, it was you stupid. But Sierra, I would've loved to see Sierra do something. 'cause she from the A she's very, she loves Usher. Asha loves her. I don't know. But he, he loved it and he, he didn't have anything to say about it. He thought it was nice. So as long as he liked it, then he liked it. Would Usher ever get on stage and be like, I ain't like that. Yeah. Y'all should have did better. He would never Say that. No, because he, he would never, When we talking Usher, I just feel like You know. It should have just been a lot bigger. I think the bigger artist should have came out and showed that man some love and respect absolutely everything that he's done in his career. And he just did the Super Bowl and everything.


I just felt like it should have been a a little better. Yeah. Yeah. Well, since we got a couple little minutes left. Look, last Sunday, yo Rick Ross was, he was in Canada, Vancouver. And so in the set he had his DJ play Not Like Us, which was not smart You know, that's Kendrick Lamar's hit. And Drake fans confronted him. They asked him, now listen, we got video of all this. They asked him, yo, yo, turn it off. Big white dude with a beard, yo, turn it off. Whatever, whatever. He squatted down and looked in somebody's eyes and was like, man, I'm the biggest boss. I can do what I want. You know started talking his ish and we seen a punch connect. I don't know if anybody else seen it, but I seen it.


And then his entourage, they they, they got it. It was bad. It was bad. Of course, 50 cent had some things to say. Let's play number five. Red, please. No, no, no. Number four. Number four. Hey guys, You know, I just saw a, a very unfortunate situation that took place in Canada. And, I want to say to everyone You know that I hope that that brother made it home safely. I hope that he now has a different perspective, a better sense of what to do and what not to do. While you're out in The, World, that part where the, the, the young guy went like he did this little move and, and got knocked the fuck out like right there. That was not, that does not reflect him. That reflects his camp.


And he might need to go get the, the dream chasers or the 3 0 5 killers. See, I thought 50 was gonna be real sincere. When He said, Hey guys, you thought he was gonna be, wait when he said the, Hey guys, I really did. And he even said, I hope that brother got home safe. I don't know. But look, it was this one big, big, big security guard, yo, that that got hit I'm talking about. And these were night sized white boys. It was one black boy that, because I kept hearing the word negro, Negro, Negro. But y'all know, I can't say what it, so I was like, oh, I know they not saying iga, but they didn't. It was one black guy. Listen now tho those guys who won the brawl, they were, they're known as the fallen angels.


And of course this is Drake's country. We not just in his city. Like this is where this man is from. So of course he has ties to like big businesses and small businesses too. And, and people know the Fallen Angels You. know what I mean? So Is it the Fallen Angels or Hell's Angels? I wasn't sure My bad, my bad Hell's Angels child. I'm thinking about, I'm sorry. The Hell's Angels. The Hell's Angels. Yeah. That's, that's even worse. They're like the Hell's Angels one of the biggest motorcycle crews in the country. Yeah, allegedly. And they, they, and again it was allegedly said that they had some, some recent business with Drake. So it's like, why would you go over there and play that? Why didn't play your, your disc record that you jumped in and then nobody asked for that. Why wouldn't you play your disc record and get your, your crew You know hit over your music.


Don't play another guy song and get beat up over that. Ugh. So that's just for the mess. That is so funny. Yo, and real, real quick. Drake commented on Tia Kemp, Rick Ross baby mother picture. Like well one of them posts like you to go, you to go. Yo, this little trolling. This is so funny to me. I'm sorry I had to get it out. You stupid. It's so funny 'cause it happened while I was on vacation. Had to get it out. All right, well that is just with the Mess and Salute. The 50 Happy birthday to 50 50 just celebrated his birthday a couple days ago, so Oh yeah. Okay. Soon To my guy. Oh yeah. On Saturday, happy birthday fifth. Alright, now when we come back, we got front page news. Of course we're talking to your president, president Biden. So we'll get into it. Next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning The Breakfast Club.


Your mornings will never be the same Morning everybody, it's DJ Envy, Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club Charlamagne is out today. But let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning y'all. Yeah, so we missed a lot while we were away. And whether you like it or not, president Biden says he's not going anywhere. He is staying in this upcoming presidential race. He made the comments that the White House during a July 4th event, this comes shortly after he met with Democratic governors and told them he will no longer schedule events or meetings after 8:00 PM to get more sleep. Now I'm not sure if he wants more sleep or he wants them to get more sleep. Now, CNN reports that left several of the governors frustrated days later, Biden spoke exclusively with a, B, c in his first interview following his poor performance during the debate.


Let's hear more from President Biden on a, b, c, Because I was sick, I was feeling terrible. Matter of fact, the docs with me, I asked him, they did a covid test because they were trying to figure out what was wrong. They did a test to see whether or not I had some infection. You know a virus. I didn't. I just had a really bad cold. It was a bad episode. No indication of any serious condition. I was exhausted. I didn't listen to my instincts in terms of preparing And I a bad night. Yeah, it was a really bad night. And And I, I would say to his team, I know his team does listen. They shouldn't have had him go on that stage like that. I mean, optics is everything. And he looked very weak. He looked very old. He didn't look like he had it together.


And that was the point where they would've pulled it and said, Hey. I mean, even, even if they said, Hey, we don't wanna put him up against Trump because Trump lies and we need a fact checker. But I would've preferred him pull that than to to see what I saw it, it just, it, it just didn't look right. He didn't look strong, he didn't look aggressive, he didn't look powerful. He looked very weak to me and the fact that he's staying in the race. Okay, cool. People You know were saying that they want him off the race, but I I I guess the biggest part was not having 'em because they need people who donated to the Biden, Kamala Harris. I guess they can possibly take that money back if it wasn't Biden Kamala. But You know it, it's scary to see what, what, what would I seen that night. Yeah, Biden was also asked if he watched the debate and he said quote, I don't think I did.


No. He went on to say that nobody asked him to take a cognitive test. And he has doctors monitoring monitoring him daily. Let's hear more from the president on that. Look, I have a cognitive test every single day. Every day I have that test. Everything I do You know, not only am I campaigning, but I'm running The World. I have medical doctors travel me everywhere. Every president does as You know, medical doctors, some of the best in The, World travel me everywhere I go, I have an ongoing assessment of what I'm doing. They don't hesitate to tell me if they think there's something wrong. Yo, hold up. Not, I don't think I did.


But not only that, he says I'm no longer gonna do anything after eight o'clock anymore. So what does, what does that mean? So if, if something goes on in the in in The World after eight, be like, you gotta holler at him at six in the morning. Yeah, no, like, I need my rest. Y'all always talking about how I'm sleepy. I'm tired. I don't re I can't finish my sentences. I don't know if I watch the debate. I need some sleep. You Need some. So eight o'clock is, is a wrap. So eight oh one, you can't call this phone anymore. You gotta, you gotta call me at six in the morning. That's how y'all do. Your grandparents don't bother them man, until 6:00 AM please. Oh Man. Now in all fairness, he did mention, Hey, I'm still running You know the country while also being on the campaign trail You know the other Anyways, yeah. During the moving on, during the interview, president Biden said, top leaders like or top democratic leaders, rather, like Senate majority, Chuck Schumer, house majority leader Hakeem Jeffries.


They told him to stay in the race. Now during a Sunday call, at least four House Democrats said privately Biden should drop out joining another five house members who have called Biden to withdraw Illinois. Congressman Mike Quigley is one of the Democrats who's calling on Biden to step down. Let's hear from him. I say, Mr. President, your legacy is set. We owe you the greatest debt of gratitude. The only thing that you can do now to cement that for all time and prevent utter catastrophe is to step down and let someone else do this. We've got a lot more we can talk about with, with Trump. Not just that he lied 28 times during the debate and that he's an absolute monster, but he has cognitive issues.


Something that Speaker Emeritus Pelosi brought up earlier this week. She's absolutely right. So ver Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders also joined. He answered the chat. He spoke to CBS's Face the nation saying people should just focus on the candidate with the best policies. Let's hear more from Sanders. What we have got to focus on is policy whose policies have and will benefit the vast majority of the people in this country. The American people want an agenda for the next four years that speaks to the needs of the working class of this country. And frankly, I don't think the president has brought that agenda forward. He has gotta say, I am prepared to take on corporate greed, massive income and wealth inequality and stand with the working class of this country.


He does that. He's gonna win and win big. So Sanders conceded that Biden's age is a factor, but emphasized that he's the candidate talking about expanding Medicare and other priorities for American support. Meanwhile, former President Trump is trying to distance himself from a conservative think tank plan for the GOP's presidency. You guys heard about Project 2025. So Trump, on his truth social media platform, said on Friday, he knows nothing about Project 2025 put forward by the Heritage Foundation. He said he disagrees with some of the things the group is proposing, claiming they are absolutely ridiculous. An abysmal, the project full of conservative initiative recommends more than more direct presidential co control of government agencies like the Department of Justice.


Democrats of course have rallied against this and pointed to it as evidence of an extreme agenda that would be ushered in if Trump wins the November election. Now, some of those things on that project 2025 list that just has been sending me is You know, like a complete ban on abortion. They're talking about a ban African American and gender studies and education on all levels. Ban books and curriculum about slavery, ending climate protections. I mean, the list goes on and on. So we'll see what happens as a result of that. Trump is trying to distance himself from that project 2025 thing. It seems that it would put us in quite the, what, what, what's the word you used earlier?


Envy. Dictatorship. Yep, dictatorship. So yeah, that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood. Thank you Morgan. Appreciate you. Thank you guys. You can follow me on social at Morgan Media and make sure you continue to catch our news coverage on the Black Information network@binnews.com. I thank you Morgan. Now when we come back, Columbus short said some things about black women and black women are pissed the F off, but we're asking your opinion. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Can you play what he said? Do you feel like in the media today, there's a lot of emasculating of black men? Absolutely. These women are, black women were raised by single mothers, absentee fathers. Fathers that are either incarcerated dead or just gone talk about it, that their mama said, you don't need no man.


Hmm. You don't need no man. You can do it by yourself so that that energy comes into the home. They're not what you talking about unless you've giving me this, doing this, doing that. There was no, there's no respect of the man, the black man by black women. And I'm not black women do not be mad at me. They're gonna be mad. Trust me. Not, I'm not talking about all of y'all. I'm saying they're gonna be mad. There's, there's a majority of you guys that were met that was, that was raised without a father. You have no respect for that. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What are your thoughts? Let's discuss. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Daddy calling my phone, man.


It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Now Charlamagne is out, but we're taking your calls. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now Columbus short, he got into a little, some heat and some backlash. He was on the, what's the name of the podcast? Unqualified as F Podcast. And he was talking about black women. Do you feel like in the media today, there's a lot of emasculating of black men? Absolutely. These women are, black women were raised by single mothers, absentee fathers.


Fathers that are either incarcerated dead or just gone talk about it, that their mama said, you don't need no man. You don't need no man. You can do it by yourself so that that energy comes into the home. They're not what you talking about unless you giving me this, doing this, doing that. There was no, there's no respect of the man, the black man by black women. And I'm not black women do not be mad at me. They're gonna be mad. Trust me. I'm not talking about all of y'all. I'm saying they're gonna be mad. There's, there's a majority of you guys that were met that was, that was raised without a father. So you have no respect for that. What do you, what do you think Jess? I think he listen for him to be like black women, don't be mad at me.


You already know what you're getting. And then like now when black women respond, I don't understand like how men can say things like, or people say things like that. And then when we respond like we're angry because for one don't play with all of us like that, then we are the angry black women like that. Like that. I don't understand that Now you mean now he may have attracted all of like all of that. You get what I'm saying? And I'm not saying what he saying is a lie, but to constantly keep highlighting the fact that women were raised by other women alone without dads. Or maybe their dads were incarcerated or maybe their dads You know weren't there, walked out on the mom.


Why is that your reason for not being with white? I mean, not being with black women. If, you already know the root of the problem. You feel me? Like I'm not saying it needs to be excused, but don't go, don't go sit on the show and be like, oh no, I can't. I date this race or I date this and that. Race is, is easier because You know the root of the black women is always, I don't need a man out. That's what she was taught by her mom. If You know where it comes from, how about some therapy for it? How about you actually try to help her because all y'all be wanting help too, right? See, I think it's You know. You know what I'm saying? I think it's a thin line between quote unquote Dema or and and a slave.


Right? And I'm gonna tell you why I have four daughters. And I teach my four daughters. You don't rely on anybody but yourself. Does that mean she gonna fall into,


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more. In fact, at public dot com's high yield cash account, you could be earning an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees or balance requirements and you can access your cash whenever you want. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance. In other words, you can earn 5.1% a PY with the flexibility and security you deserve. It's time to take your cash out of a traditional savings account. It's time to take advantage of one of the industry's best interest rates. There are no fees, period. And you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance start earning 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more


This Sun season Evolve your sun care with new Banana Boat 360 coverage with advanced control mist. It's a new way to spray an all new bottle, means an all new mist experience that smells great and is incredibly light on your skin. Better control with coverage you can count on tap the trigger lightly to cover targeted areas or pull for a long continuous spray, ensuring long lasting banana boat protection. Plus it's refillable from sweat resistant sport formula to kids SPF 50 Plus Shop, banana Boat 360, miss at Walmart, target, or Amazon.


Our kids have said to us, since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot Of doors for us. Just this overall sense of community, of the values that You know Minnesotans have. It's a real accepting a loving community, especially with two young kids. See why CNBC ranks Minnesota. Number four, best state to live and work. A great place to work and even better place to live. Explore minnesota.com/live.


Rain or shine every day is a great day for fishing, right? You got rain gear, but you can't overlook Sunny Day gear. A Columbia PFG Solar Stream Elite hoodie has you covered on the sunniest days. Like literally. I mean, who wouldn't trade a sunburn for a trophy fish? But why do it? If? you don't have to, especially when this Solar Stream Elite hoodie is built with broad spectrum UV protection. We're talking UPF 50 and it has air flow so you don't overheat. And what's the alternative? Putting down the rod every half hour so you can slather on some sunscreen seems like an easy choice to be. Columbia PFG has you covered with their cast back TC Shoe. It's Omnimax Cushioning and Traction system helps if you're on your feet a lot say fighting a fish, not to mention keeping you surefooted on a wet rocking boat. So if you're gonna be spending long days out on the water, And I sincerely hope that you will be. Head over to columbia.com/pfg and shop all their performance fishing gear.


Hey, I'm here to tell you about up Faith and Family, the leading streaming service for uplifting entertainment. It's the only place to stream all seasons of the award-winning series Heartland with exclusive content you won't see anywhere else. Binge all of the past seasons and don't miss the season 17 of Heartland and Stream a new episode weekly. Dive into the warmth of Heartland and let up faith and family be your go-to service for all things uplifting. Start your free trial today. Go to up faith and family.com for your free trial up Faith and family.com.


Place know she's gonna make sure she's okay. A lot of times we've seen in the past that women have stayed in relationships because they had to. They let a man lead and a man let 'em down the wrong path. We've seen it 1,000,001 times, I'm not gonna say that happened in every situation, but we've seen it before. We've seen a woman be be taken for granted. We've seen women get beat. We've seen women get mentally abused, physically abused and all that because they follow what You know their parents said, let a man lead. And that's fine. You can let whoever lead that you want. Yes, you can let a man lead. But to, to sit there and say that I'm supposed to tell my daughter to follow a man and make sure you depend on a man and this, that and the other. I'm not doing that as a father.


As a father. I'm telling my daughter, you create your own. You have your own now in a relationship. Yes, you, you, you share and you do your relationship a certain way. But if that man ever decides he's gonna leave or that man ever decides he's gonna cheat on you, or he's gonna be mentally or physically a abusive, you don't have to stay because you are stuck. You can leave at any given moment. And, and that's, I don't care if you're raising a black queen or a white woman. If you're raising an Asian girl, if you're raising, it doesn't matter. I'm gonna teach my daughter this and not because I I think she's better than any man. No, because I want her to have her own. Am I bad? Am I wrong for that? No. 'cause that's empowering as well.


That's, that's teaching her womanhood to have dignity, to have something to stand on, to be her own backbone. So she don't depend or don't have to depend or feel like she has to depend on any man. No. Let's go to the phone lines. Hello. Who's this? Yeah, this is Nero from Jersey. Nero from Jersey. Talk to us. What's your thoughts? Good morning. Yeah. Well, Columbus Shortes saying has a lot of truth to it. Why you Say that? I mean, it goes, it goes deep. I mean, you got single mothers telling em that. That's true. Also, you gotta look at what's going on out here with the media. They separate the black man from the black woman. You got black girl rock. They praising black women. I don't see them do that with any other race or women. They don't separate the main men. So what do you mean, like more specifically?


What do you mean the media is separating? Because I mean, we all, because we all got common sense, we know that we You know what I'm saying? Like what you mean. Right. But you don't see no other group, no other race. How they, they praise they women and they separate them from they men like they do with the black women. Mm. I don't see no white girl rock, no Asian girl rock award show, no Hispanic girl Rock award show. You Understand what I'm saying? But I, but I, but I think it's important to, to celebrate, especially black women, because black women haven't been represented in, in our community, in our culture, in our lives for years there, there have been backbones for a lot of the things that, that we've strived from, from You know civil, from racial, from education, from so many different things.


It's a respect and, and, and You know and show 'em the, the, the love and support that they should have got years ago and decades ago. I hear what you're saying, but black men and black women we're, we're one, we're one race, we're one together. Absolutely. They don't do that. But they don't do that with any other race is what I'm saying. But let me ask you a question, bro. You got, you got kids by any chance? Yes, I have a son. Okay. If, if, now think about this. You have a daughter. I got four daughters. Let's say If, you had a daughter. What you gonna teach your your daughter? Aren't you gonna teach your daughter to strive out there? Have your own just in case. So you're never stuck in a situation. You're never gonna, you're not gonna teach your daughter that, or you gonna teach your daughter You know you, you fall in line with a man. I'm not, I'm not saying, I'm not saying to oppress woman.


Okay? All I'm saying is they don't, they don't look at us as a collective, as one. They try to separate us. Okay? That's my issue. Alright. Thank you for your call, brother. Hello. Who's this? This Vaughn. Vaughn. What's up brother From Columbus? What's your thoughts? What up? Envy? What up First we say what up. Envy. What up, Jeff? What Up brother? What Up baby? What up? I'm crazy. Y'all got me on here. Charlotte may not there. That's so crazy. But anyway, let me, let me express my thoughts. How I feel is You know what I mean? Like, it kind of takes me back to what, like Chris Rock said You know what I'm saying? Like how the, the male is You know, like the a dog is more unconditionally loved than a black male You. know what I mean? And like, I feel like, like what what Columbus said was, I, I feel what he said, but like, not all females.


Definitely not all females. And, I think that's where a lot of females are gonna get mad at You know, not me, not me. I don't do that, but I'm pretty sure they probably do know someone who is like that. And another thing I'm, I want to say is like, I think You know, like nowadays, You know, like a lot of the roles are kind of reversed. Like You know. A lot of females are taking on the man role, becoming more masculine and You. know what I mean? Like acting more and more and more and more just like a male You know. Well What do, what do you consider taking on the male role? Yeah, I'm What do consider taking on the male role? Yeah. Specifically You said what, What do you consider taking on the male role? You said taking on the male role. What, what does that mean? Well, What I say that, I mean like, they starting to act like how we like You know.


Like, oh, I messed with your dude, I messed with your a like, oh, you or I'm You know what I mean? Like, kind of giving them off a a, a masculine energy, not a male role, I want say, but like, You know, giving off more masculine energy instead of feminine You. know what I mean? Mm. I just think it would bother And. I feel like And I, And I feel like another thing, like with the females is like You know, like, not all of them, but a lot of them will say You know, like, they'll treat you like If, you don't have nothing. Then you are nothing like You know a lot of 'em say like, I'm not going 50 50. Like, you need to go a hundred percent. Oh, you ain't got, they could be a janitor at a library. Oh, you not making such cigarettes. I don't want you You. know what I mean? Like, so it's just, it, it that that's, it's just You know. I, I kind of agree with what he's Saying.


Let me ask you a question, Vaughn, and let me ask you, Jess, right? So I, I'm in, I was raised that You know you take care of your wife. There is no 50 50, you pay for everything. You open up the doors, you do everything for your, your wife and your spouse. Now in the household, of course, it's, there's things that I do and there's things that my wife do. It is what it is. We, we play those roles. If I take out the trash, I do those things. My wife will do the laundry. Not to say that I can't, but those are the things my wife does. And those are the roles that we do in our household. But with my daughter, I don't te I don't teach my daughter to quote unquote, I teach my daughter Have your own. There is no, he pays for it. And he controls what happens in the house. I teach my daughters And, I got four of them. Now. You do your own.


You have your own, you have your own. You don't gotta rely on nobody. You ain't gotta sit back and wait on nobody. You can do it yourself. Facts. Facts. You don't, you don't feel the same with that phone. Nah, I do feel the same about that. You can definitely go get it your own. Like, and with the, with the 50 50 situation, I personally feel like whatever works best for relationship, whatever helps y'all move forward and helps the pedals go easier, then that's how it should go. You know, because it might be this dude who could grasp for a living and he You know what I'm saying? He dates this lady who's, who's a banker and she really loves him. She really loves him, and she wants to make it work. She might have to go You, know what I'm saying? 75% until he upgrades his You, know what I'm saying?


Pay or whatever. But I, I understand what you're saying. Envy though. Yeah. I, I, I got a daughter too. And I started the same thing. Like, you don't ever need nobody. Like you can always with yourself. It's almost like you talk it outta both sides of your face. Like, so it's a little bit of contradiction. You see what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I want you to fall in line. Do this, do that. Oh, I got a daughter. I'm teaching my daughter now. You ain't gotta fall in line. Yeah. Which one is it? Let's, let's discuss, Columbus Short said this. Do you feel like in the media today, there's a lot of emasculating of black men? Absolutely. These women are, black women were raised by single mothers. Absentee fathers. Fathers that are either incarcerated dead or just gone talk about it, that their mama said, you don't need no man.


Hmm. You don't need no man. You can do it by yourself so that that energy comes into the home. They're not what you talking about unless you giving me this, doing this, doing that. There was no, there was no respect of the man, the black man by black women. And I'm not black women do not be mad at me. They're gonna be mad. Trust me. I'm not talking about all of y'all. I'm saying they're gonna be mad. There's, there's a majority of you guys that were met that was, that was raised without a father. Now you have no respect for that. We're taking your call. Sister. The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. If y'all talking about it You know we talking about it. It's topic time.


Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club Charlamagne is out. So we're taking your calls. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now Columbus short said this, he was doing a podcast. The name of the podcast, let me, let me shout them out. Unqualified as, yeah, unqualified as f podcast. And we're asking, what are your thoughts? Let's listen. Do you feel like in the media today, there's a lot of emasculating of black men? Absolutely. These women are, black women were raised by single mothers, absentee fathers.


Fathers that are either incarcerated, dead or just gone talk about it, that their mama said, you don't need no. Hmm. You don't need no man. You can do it by yourself so that that energy comes into the home. They're not what you talking about unless you've giving me this, doing this, doing that. There was no, there was no respect of the man, the black man by black women. And I'm not black women do not be mad at me. They're gonna be mad. Trust me. Not, I'm not talking about all of y'all. I'm saying they're gonna be mad. There's, there's a majority of you guys that were met that was, that was raised without a father now. So you have no respect for that. Hello? Who's this? Kia? Can you hear me? I can hear you now. Kia, what's your thoughts, Kia? So first I just wanna say that I grew up in a home before I was able to see like my father, protect the home, protect his family, make sure that he, they have everything they need.


So my, I saw my parents work together as a team. Now, I don't like the fact that he said that majority of the women says one, he hasn't met the majority, so I would say, or the ones that he hasn't met. But now, when I got married, I saw my husband at that time going out, just being on the streets, not doing what they wanted. So why would I need someone like that? So I never said I needed him. But now I got married again because now my husband is You know he takes care of the home. He's my protector. He protects our family. When he is not here, I'm always like, okay, I need my husband.


Like, I just don't feel safe. I don't feel protected. And he'll say like, oh, I'm here and here please not telling people where you're going. So don't put it out on You know social media that you're not here with me because I feel protected when you are here. So my husband is my protector, my everyday I do need him now, previously. Nah, nah. And what's Jay? Sorry. Nakia. Let, let me say this. I, I, I get what you're saying, but see, I think when I say things change, like the first thing I did when my daughter turned 18 was taught her how to shoot a gun. The, the first thing I did when I got my license to carry, I got my, my, my wife got her license to carry And I, take him to the train.


I take him to the facility all the time and showed them how to, to shoot. Because like you said, there's gonna be times when I'm, there's gonna be times when I'm not there. There's gonna be times when I'm not there. And when I'm not there, I got You know six kids to protect. So I gotta make sure my wife can protect when I'm not there. And, I gotta make sure that my daughter, if something happens to my wife, can protect as well. So that's not meaning that, that they're weak or, or that they're swapping roles. It just means that You know. I want them to know just as much as daddy knows. Yeah. Oh, correct. I got it. I get it because I'm military. Oh, okay. So You know how to shoot a gun too. So you, you shouldn't be that scared or that nervous regardless. Yeah. Have a good one. Things are different these days too. Yo, you got men who can't handle rejections.


So they killing women over being rejected. Right. You got things like You know it. Everybody got something going on. Like, I just hate every time we turn around, it's a black man saying that we are the most masculine, we are the You. know, like the reason that we can't be dated. Like, you get what I'm saying? Yeah. You know what too. Just, I think it's a old way of thinking about things too. Yeah. Like You know, of course, back in the day, if we look at our parents and our grandparents, the man ran the household. Whatever that man said in that household happened. You know if, if, if the man wanted chicken, he the woman's cooking chicken. If, if the man wanted this, this is what happened. But I think things have changed. And, I think people have to understand that. And me having daughters make that makes me want that change even more.


Like, you're not just gonna tell my daughter what to do. Like, it don't work like that. She's not your slave. Like y'all could have a conversation. If she, if she says, okay, well this is what I want, then y'all can have a conversation and y'all do that. That doesn't make him weak. Yeah, that doesn't make her weak. It makes them, it makes it a relationship where it should be 50 50. You're not just gonna abuse you. Not when you get married. When you get married to a person, you're not marrying a slave. Yeah, that's Right. You know what I mean? And, and If, you think my daughter is just a slave and my daughter's just gonna fall back and sit there and do what you want to do, then that's, that's not the woman for you. That's not how I'm raising her. Hello? Who's this? This is Kinzie from Detroit. Kinzie. What up though? Hey Izzy, what's your thoughts? I don't See nothing wrong with what he said.


He's telling the truth. Why you think he's 'cause why you think he's saying the truth? There's no way to explain it. But it it is true. And then you also got fathers out here that teach their daughters too, that they don't need a man for them to be able to be successful or You know take care of themselves or, But what's wrong? What's, what's exactly wrong with that though? If, you're a man and you raising your daughter to, because what you said sounds perfectly Fine. There's nothing wrong with that. I don't No. That what I'm saying is he's telling the truth because he also said that that doesn't go for everybody. So if the shoe sick, You know, but You know there's nothing wrong with You know raising your kids or teaching your your daughters that they don't need anyone.


They can do it by themselves. Yeah. I I don't, I don't think there's a problem with that. Right. I mean, like I'm saying, I'm not saying that my daughter gotta go around The World and say she needs nobody for the rest of her life. Right. But my thing with my kids is I just don't want 'em to rely on anybody and I'm gonna teach 'em how to do it themselves. Exactly. You know like some people, they, they, their, their, their, their wife, their woman, their daughter, they rely on somebody else. So they're in situations where they can never leave because they feel like they need that. What I try to teach my kids and my, especially my daughters is, is how to do it on their own. How to cook, how to, to hunt, how to shoot, how to protect themselves. And I'm not saying that she doesn't need no man, but You know. I just want 'em to make sure they, they have the knowledge to, to protect themselves when need be.


And not have to always rely or be in a situation where they can't leave because they feel like they rely on that person too much. And Then also you also have to take into account like how I agree. They also have to be taught how to love as well. And a lot of these men do too. Right? Nah, you right. So You, you, right. And that's the thing. So you got a moral of the story, Jess. Just learn how to love, learn how to love. 'cause we've all been oppressed some type of way. You know, I'm, and like I said, I don't fully disagree with him, but You know, even saying the majority of women, like there are women that knows how to treat a black king and they're black queens. Like it is not, I just, I'm just getting tired. It's just oversaturated this conversation of women, black women being way too You know masculine to be dated by black men.


I it is. I hear it more often than I hear the other side of it. Right? Because there's another side too. Correct. And. I. I just think as a community, we gotta start checking each other. Yeah. Like when we start seeing f ish, we started, we gotta start checking people. Yeah. Women, men, all, all of the above. Like, we just can't let things happen. Like we have to go back to that community sense where it's like And, I, and I'm not bringing this up, but like the thing with Diddy and Cassie, right? We all know that wasn't the first time that happened. Right? Can we agree to that? Yeah. Right. So somebody had to see that before And. I feel like somebody should have checked Diddy early on. Somebody should have checked. Absolutely. And it doesn't matter if it, if it's, if it's me, if it's my kids. If it's you or whoever, If, you see some f shit, it's okay to pull somebody in this side, but yo bro, that's not it.


Yo sis. That's not it. Yeah. Like, it's, it's nothing wrong with that. And sometimes we got too much pride and we allow it to go on and on and on and on. But anyway, all right. Charlemagne is out. So If, you wanna give somebody donkey of the day? You can. Phone lines are wide open. (800) 585-1051. Now we got just the mess coming up. What we talking about. We gonna get into some, some stuff that happened recently. Nikki had to cancel one of her concerts in another country. We gonna get into that. Alright, We'll get into that. Next. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Now Charlamagne is out. So let's get to Jess. The mess You news Is real. B Lion, Jessica, Robin Moore just don't do no lying.


Don't She don't spare nobody worldwide. Jess worldwide message on The. Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it off. Okay? So this is why I don't wanna move to LA Now, I lived in LA before, but not when all this was happening. I feel like everybody's house gets burglarized. Like that's the way like to to you ain't really like live LA living, living unless they brick in your house. 'cause Marla Wayne's house got robbed. This was last Saturday, but he wasn't there.


So the reports that burglar snuck into Marlin's backyard and shattered a window around 2:30 AM He wasn't home, but his brother was at his house. Keenan Iry Wayne's. Now Keenan said that the noise woke him up, but he thought nothing and went back to sleep. And so the next morning one of Marlin's employees, they realized that the house had been ransacked or whatever. So then of course they police were called and everything, the thieves reportedly stole a safe and several thousands of dollars, which was in it in cash. But Marlon shared a video on social media to address the robbery. That's what he said. Hey, what's up people? First and foremost, I'm saying thank you to all the people that checked on me and seeing if everything was okay when I was burglarized.


I want you to know that they didn't really get much. 'cause I don't own this. The most valuable thing in my house is my house. So unless you gonna put that on a truck and drag it away, then yeah man, you, you did Well. But I don't own, I don't, I don't wear jewelry. This is fake. This, this is just does my heart. It's a heart rate monitor. It's a a no necklaces. I don't have cash. I use credit cards. I'm the wrong Rob. Go down the block. There's a lot of fashion s out there. Yeah. Oh, I know. His neighbors is like, yo, what do you mean? No, you go Down the block. No, we not flashy You know the sad thing about it's, I tell everybody all the time, we get so comfortable.


Right? And when I mean comfortable, we have alarm systems on our house and a lot of times people don't set 'em all the time because you're comfortable. You know you, you get used to, I'm just going to sleep. I'm not gonna set it. But we just have to make sure that we continue to set our alarms that we, we always look what's going on. And even If, you do hear something in your house because he said he heard something and went back to sleep to check on him. Because you never want to be in a situation where somebody run up in your crib. You know. Yeah, that was his brother You know Keenan, Iry Wayne. He just woke up and then heard son then back to sleep. Ain't think nothing of it. So it's probably more than likely like a big ass house. Yep. And he probably just like, all right, whatever. You know what I mean? It, it's not determined If you got dogs or anything like that. But that, that's crazy. And it is and it is sad too.


It's sad. I feel like we had about a home burglar or whatever, or glary because burglar was just crazy Glary. But somebody being burglarized. Yeah. Like, but that's, that's like a LA thing. Yeah. Like they, they run up in your curve in LA and they say they do that. 'cause usually the,


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more. In fact, at public dot com's high yield cash account, you could be earning an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees or balance requirements. And you can access your cash whenever you want. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance. In other words, you can earn 5.1% a PY with the flexibility and security you deserve. It's time to take your cash out of a traditional savings account. It's time to take advantage of one of the industry's best interest rates. There are no fees, period. And you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance start earning 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public investing Inc. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more


This Sun season. Evolve your Sun Care with new Banana Boat 360 coverage with advanced control Mist. It's a new way to spray an all new bottle, means an all new mist experience that smells great and is incredibly light on your skin. Better control with coverage you can count on tap the trigger lightly to cover targeted areas or pull for a long continuous spray. Ensuring long-lasting banana boat protection. Plus it's refillable from sweat resistant sport formula to kids SPF 50 plus. Shop Banana, boat 360, miss at Walmart, target or Amazon.


Our kids have said to us, since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot of Doors for us. Just this overall sense of community and of the values that You know Minnesotans have. It's a real accepting and loving community, especially with two young kids. See why CNBC ranks Minnesota. Number four, best state to live and work. A great place to work and even better place to live. Explore minnesota.com/live.


Rain or shine every day is a great day for fishing, right? You got rain gear, but you can't overlook Sunny day gear. A Columbia PFG Solar Stream elite hoodie has you covered on the sunniest days. Like literally. I mean, who wouldn't trade a sunburn for a trophy fish? But why do it? If? you don't have to. Especially when this Solar Stream elite hoodie is built with broad spectrum UV protection. We're talking UPF 50 and it has airflow so you don't overheat. And what's the alternative? Putting down the rod every half hour so you can slather on some sunscreen. Seems like an easy choice to be. Columbia PFG has you covered with their cast back TC Shoe. Its Omnimax cushioning and traction system helps if you're on your feet a lot say fighting a fish. Not to mention keeping you surefooted on a wet rocking boat. So if you're gonna be spending long days out on the water, And I sincerely hope that you will be. Head over to columbia.com/pfg and shop all their performance fishing gear.


Hey, I'm here to tell you about up Faith and Family. The leading streaming service for uplifting entertainment. It's the only place to stream all seasons of the award-winning series Heartland with exclusive content you won't see anywhere else. Binge all of the past seasons and don't miss the season 17 of Heartland and Stream. A new episode weekly. Dive into the warmth of Heartland and let up faith and family be your go-to service for all things uplifting. Start your free trial today. Go to up faith and family.com for your free trial up Faith and family.com.


Least time to, to actually get to the house is so long, so like You know in certain places it might take 10 minutes, eight minutes, 12 minutes. They see in LA it might be 30 minutes. Yes. Yep, yep, yep. Exactly. That's what I tell everybody. Get a dog. Yeah, definitely. Get get get a dog or dogs. Dogs plural. Yep. Big houses. Moving on to other news. Kendrick Lamar releases Not Like. Us Music Video. And he took more shots at Drake. Did you see the video Envy? I did. Did you like you liked it. I mean, did you feel like it was creative? I think Kendrick is always creative. Like when they break down all the things, like when Kendrick is sitting there and it's dark and they, they have like a fake drink walking up behind him and then the boogeyman takes him away.


And then You know he has his his wife in there and they dancing the show that the family's together. So Kendrick does what he does. Yeah, he does. He does. And then how he had on there, like when he's in the cell with the cinder block doing pushups. Yeah, because You know Drake dropped pushups. That was one of the distracts. And like he Yeah, I think, I think it was, I think it was it was very Kendrick. It is different. It it is different. I thought it would've been better, but it is what it is. I ain't think he was gonna come out with, I didn't even think that he would've come out with a, a Music Video to this record. But Yeah, that's, that's that's probably gonna be one of Kendrick's biggest records. Yeah. You know. Yeah. Yep. And the video got over 15 million views.


Jesus in less than 24 hours. Yep. Shout out to Mu that he was in a video. It was a bunch of little subliminals. So go back and watch it today. It was actually funny. It was cool. We had, he had Tommy the clown Comp Compton born NBA star, DeMar de Rosen and Top Dog who was the CEO of the label. TDE and the, and in the beginning of the video he had, it's like a snippet to it. One of his new songs that we drive. We got the audio for that real, let me hear it. I'm reincarnated, I'm a star Gazing Life goes on Honey to hug my babies. Broke up looking for the bro Lee. I Key. Keep a horn on me. Duck of my seat. I pee.


Ownership The blueprint is by me, Mr. Kid Off. Okay. Yeah. Think it's Dope. He's really, really laing it up. I've been that sound like another LA hit. It does. I've been talking to a lot of people from LA and they said You know people don't understand outside of LA what he did on that stage. Bringing all those neighborhoods together and all those gangs together. He was like, that was so big for the city. He was like, it, it hasn't been that big since the song Colors, which was like 30 years ago. So damn The fact I Remember that the fact that he united so many different people. And I, guess we don't understand that as much. 'cause we ain't from LA so we, not with that culture, but the fact that he's he's doing that. That people are just You know, ecstatic with, with the things that he's doing. So Salute to Kendrick and TD and all those people over there. Yeah. Yeah. And it was like a big cookout actually. Honestly, I'm gonna say I know people probably gonna be mad You know.


Don't really get it. Reminded me of God's playing Music. Video a little bit. God's playing. When, when like when Drake was running next to the car and all that. Yeah, no. Like just some parts of his video reminds me, I kept thinking about God's plan. Remember when like he had the people? Yeah, yeah, yeah. It was like real hype, like You know what I mean? Like showing different parts of the city. Didn't he do God's plan in Miami? He did in Miami, yeah. But God thought he was giving, he was giving people things back, right? Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. But just some of the scenes I saw, I was like, oh crap, I gotta look at that. It again sounds like, well not sounds like it looks like the God's playing video, but okay. Shout out to Kendrick. He's, it was, it was, it was Kendrick. It was very, it was a very Kendrick production.


Correct. Yeah. That's just what the mess my major. Alright, Jess, now Charlamagne is out. So If you wanna give somebody donkey of the day? 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We'll get to it. Nex is The. Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same. It's your time to nominate a donkey of your own. Remember now that is how they choose. Call in now. (800) 585-1051. Hey, this is uni from Kentucky. Hey Uni from Kentucky. Who you wanna give donkey today? Donkey of the day. Got to go to El P. Okay. I'm trying to figure out what he, black jobs.


That still I've been looking around. I don't See 'em. You don't know what a black job is? I don't know what the black jobs are. I know where black people work, but I see other people there too. Is The Breakfast. Club a black job. What do you think That is it? I think y'all Tell me. Y'all hiring. I'm Black you back. Goodbye. You need Bye. She said she's looking for the black jokes. Please. Hello. Who's this? Jason? Hey Jason. Who you wanna give Don today to North Carolina? What Up brother? Man, I want to get like, it coincides with the topic of the, today I want to give it to all the women that want to be treated like a queen, but get sing songs like I'm a Savage, which is a direct contradiction.


You can't be savage and a queen, baby. You can't. So you mad at women 'cause you they wanna be queens but they, they wanna s ratchet stuff. No, No, no. I'm not mad. I'm not mad. I'm not mad. Like I was actually on hold for the topic of the day, but I got hung up on so I had to just condense it. But I do wanna give you props J Vy because what you said about telling your daughters You know to have their own. That is accurate. Yet that that is different than telling your daughter to be independent. I don't know how to take that, but, all right. Thank you brother. Yeah, but ev having your own is kind of like being independent, right? Ain't it? Yeah, it's ain't the same thing. Like you have your own, you be independent, you work for your own. I dunno. Yeah. Hello. Who's this?


Hello? Hi Vy. Good morning Jess. Hey girl. What's up? This Is Enovia calling from Atlanta. Hey Nobi. Who you wanna give Don Donkey a day too? I do want to give Donkey the other day mainly to, I agree with you. Envy for that extra performance. Even though the ladies were supposed to be sating him with his sex self, they really did not do a good job. Kiki. Tiana and blame it on my mama. And Chloe did the best job that she should not have been in that lineup. They should have replaced her with Kelly Rowland. Damn. You heard somebody?


Yeah. Damn. Okay. All right. So you didn't like the usher tribute BET awards put on? I, it was a good try. I just don't think it matched up to Usher's level as far as his performances, as far as his vocals. And I do get, since he sing as Ladies for so long, they wanted to reverse it for him. But I don't, I agree. They didn't do him justice. Yeah, I I said that earlier. I said the BET awards, the Usher tribute. I just think Usher is a superstar for our generation. And I. Think if you're gonna give him a tribute, I think it has to be planned out. And I think the superstars need to come out. I mean it's Usher, like you said, Beyonce, Kelly Rowland, Alicia Keys, Sierra. Sierra.


I mean there's so many. Mary j Blige, I mean If, you wanted to do all women You. know what I mean? There's so many. Or Chris Brown. Yes. There's so many that I think should have came out for Usher. I mean he, I mean he one of our biggest artists. So yeah, I You know, but hey, I wasn't part of that. Him and Him and that Childish Gambino. I agree with Jess. He confused me totally. They could've gotten, oh my God. Tre songs like you, I would've loved to see Tre songs or Chris Brown do that song that the Gambino did. He was not, he was not the right one for that part. Yes ma'am, I agree with you. Thank you Zio. Y'all have a good day. Love y'all. Love you. You Too. Love you too girl. Alright, that was Donkey of the Day again. Charlemagne is out now when we come back, we're opening up the phone lines (800) 585-1051.


One of our producers, Mack Fat Mack. He said he watches Milf Manor. Do You know what Milf Manor is? No, his name's not Fat Mac. It's Big Mac. Oh, sorry. Yo. Just nigga said one of our producers. Fat Mac. Oh my God. No, I'm sorry. Big Mac. Right? A different Show. He was telling us about Milk Manda. So we are as opening up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. If. you are dating somebody and your child does not like them. Where do you go from there? Do you squash it? Do you end it right then and there? That is the question. And we'll start with you Jess. So let's just say that You know Ashton did not like your man.


Chris, what happens? That would be on him and He gotta get over it. Yeah, because listen, all right now in the past I, I would, I would definitely take my son's advice 'cause it's, I've dated two people that he didn't like You. know what I mean? But as is also like very to my hip joint. You know you got careful like, like the the now he didn't want me with his dad but he didn't want me with these guys. And I'm like ah, just give him a chance. Just give him a chance. You see, I ain't with them now, but the guy I'm with now never had a love like this. Never had like a actual someone like my best friend and like me and Chris is just so in sync, yo.


Gotcha. I can go on and on. But if he didn't like him, that would be on him. Damn. He could with his dad. Damn. Damn. So 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What happens when your kids don't like your new boo? Let's discuss this. The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The Breakfast Club phone man. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast. Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ J Envy. Just Larry Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Now if he just joining us, we are talking about our, one of our producers, his name is Big Mac.


He came in here talking about Milk Manor. Now during the show Mil Manor, he talks about how sometimes the kids of the people dating didn't like the person that they were dating. So what do you do in that situation? 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. So we're asking If, you're dating somebody and your kids don't like that person. What do you do now? Just you said that You know it's happened with you before where Ashley didn't like somebody you were dating. Yeah. And he was right. He was right about back in the day. He was right. You know. But this one he wouldn't be Right. Thank God I don't have that problem. He actually loves Chris. Chris loves him. They have a bond. But if it was given like Mom, I don't like him.


And I'd be like, that's why you have a dad so you can go over there. Right. But I do understand the flip side of it because of course my parents, they are You know, recently divorced a couple years. And I don't like nobody. He date and, and and, and it is just because I'm that person who saw both of them together my whole life. Right. So, and then my mom, I'm get in trouble again 'cause she just got married, but I, I didn't like who she was dating either. I'm, I'm still getting used to it. But you never gonna like that because you so used to seeing your parents together. So anybody they bring in the house is gonna be like, who's that? Yeah. I'm just like, no You know.


So I do get that. But, but my mom is, is the happiest that I've seen her dope in so long. Yeah. The man loves her. Like, You know. It's just that I can't get over as her child. 'cause I'm biased 'cause Got you. My my dad was just married to her so I was just like, ugh. Got you. Got you, got you. Well, let's go to the phone lines. We got Jay in the line. Jay, good morning. Good morning. Hey Jay. How you feeling? Okay. Voice to go. I'm good. Yes. What's your thoughts Jay? I think you should always put your kids first. Like if, if your kids don't approve and then that relationship doesn't work out, then you damage, possibly damage the relationship with your kids.


So kids should always approve. You should always get the approval of your kids If. you don't want to damage their relationship. The Only problem with that, Jay, is you get in a situation like Justice said, if, if your mom is, is, is dating somebody new, that kid is never necessarily gonna like that person. 'cause that kid always sees his pop there. So it's like, nah, this is, who's this new guy taking my pop's place? Who's this new guy that wants to take me to the, to the mall or take me to the park? Who's this new guy? So I don't know. I think sometimes a kid gotta stay in the kid's place. Yeah. The, If that's the case, then every guy's gonna be the new guy. That's, and that's the problem sometimes You know. Yeah. Okay. Hey, I was supposed to get a book package, a book like two years ago.


A book package from Charlemagne. Yep. It was on a, a call in thing. I called in because he tipped too long on his donkey other day. Ah, Charlamagne be back tomorrow. Yeah, you gotta go back. Alright. That's all that, that's all. I got that. That's all I got. Hello. Who's this? This is Ms. Bryan. Hey Ms. Bryan. How you feeling this morning? I'm feeling lovely. I finally called y'all. I listen to y'all every morning after I get off work. Oh, we appreciate you. Good morning girl. So what do you do now? If? you dating somebody Hero? I'm good babe. So What do you do now? If? you dating somebody and your kids don't like the person you date? I married him. Dang. No, that's right.


Why didn't he like him? I Married him because I didn't date when my kids was younger because I became a single mother. So I gave my kids the respect of not dating like that. So when they became grown, my kids are grown or they don't live with me. I live alone with my husband. So I marry my husband. Damn. So istic And brush my feet, run my bath water, cook my dinner. Yes, I marry my husband. Hello. Okay. Thank you. Ms. B. Hello. Who's this? Hey, this is from Kentucky. Good morning. How y'all doing again? I just wanna say like my daughter has like really good intuition. My daughter does not like my new boo. He gotta go.


I'm sorry. Something Ain't right. How's your daughter? My daughter Loves everything. She's Seven. So If you 7-year-old daughter. She's does not like your new boo. She has a intuition where you like I'm gonna drop 'em. No, like dead serious. My daughter loves everybody, so Yeah, if she got, if something's off, I'm sorry. Something ain't right, but But look, but look, but she, but she is joint at your hip, right? Like that's your girl like that. She's a mommy's girl all day, right? She is, But she's not, she's not like, You know I don't want the attention away from me type Of money. Right. Okay. That's where I was going with it. So it's, it's more so yeah, she's looking into who he is and if she don't like it exactly, you Gone exactly. Like she's one of those like she's rocking where I'm rolling, you feel me?


So like, if she feel like something ain't right, i, I gotta go with it. All Right. You don't let little blues clues make you miss your blessing now. Right? Dad? You Know Jess, I'm not doing this for you. Oh my God. Y'all hilarious. Thank y'all so much. No problem baby 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What do you do? If? you dating somebody and your child does not like the person you're dating? Let's discuss. Is The Breakfast Club? Good morning. If y'all talking About it You know we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's D EJ Envy. Just Aria Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast Club. Now just joining us, we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What do you do if you're dating somebody but your child, your kid does not like the person you're dating. Let's go to the phone lines. Hello. Who's this? What's good bro? I'm Richard. Hey Richard. Good morning. Hey, What's good with you man? How you doing Miss Jess? What's Up baby? How you doing? Oh, I'm lovely, I'm lovely. Now Richard, what are you do if you're dating somebody and your and your child doesn't like them or vice versa? Okay, so I, okay, so I have it. I have it from the other perspective. I used to date a cougar who had a son and he didn't like me at all.


So like, I kind of just used to go over and blow his mom's back out and just not care what he thought. You know what I mean? That's real disrespectful. Richard, were you, how many years apart were you and the son? Because you said the cougar. So he had to be like up there with you in age? Yeah. Yeah. So he was like, I don't know, he was like 20. I was probably like 26 or something like that, 26, 27. But he was, he was just young enough to where he couldn't buy alcohol from the store. Because I remember one time I thought he was mad at me because I wouldn't buy him drinks from the store, but like You know what I'm saying? I, he didn't like You know. I didn't know why didn't like me, but his mom loved me.


So Obviously Yeah, you Begging his mom's back out. He probably hear you in the room and everything. Yeah, I wouldn't like you either. No. Well yeah, I was so, so one. So one day we was there and we didn't know he was there. 'cause the car that his girlfriend was driving, she, it was gone and You know we went, we got it cracking. I mean like I was in there. Oh right, Okay. Richard, We just heard, we hold on. We just heard the door swam outside of the door from her room and he just texting her blowing up. I can't believe he would do this to me. All blah And I. Guess it didn't really help because she was white You know not that that matters or anything, but like, yeah Man.


Oh hell yeah. It matters now. Yeah, It matters for sure. You got this big black mandingo coming in here laying it down. Yes. He probably about to kill the family dog. Probably gonna go shoot something up. Like that's horrible. Shot her because I know she listen to the show so she'll probably hear to know like I'm not Richard. But yeah, shout out to you. I miss you. You know. Call me. Goodbye. Yo. Hang up on this man. Yo, this, this Guy's Crazy. I miss you. Like what? Hey big head to a white girl. What? Hello? Who's this? It's Sean. Sean. What's up brother? What's up Sean? How's it going? Doing good. Doing good. So, so, so what are your thoughts if, if you're dating a woman and your kids don't like the person you're dating?


I mean, I can't really base my life off my kids because I got teenage daughter. Daughter. They ain't gonna like nobody. So I have to, I have to do my own thing. Figure out what was best for me and they just have to deal with me. That's right. That's right. 'cause You know daughters can be very protective. Absolutely. I am. I am. And I And they're both daddy's girls. I mean, a your dad just your dad's never gonna find somebody 'cause you're never gonna approve of anybody that he likes. No. So you just want your daddy to be single all his life. I would, yes. I would like for him to get to know him after being married to my mom for 30 plus years. Be a bachelor now. Just chill. Don't move nobody in. Don't have nobody talk you back into marriage. You know. I think you should have the freedom to actually explore.


'cause my mom and my dad got married straight outta high school. We went to the military. He married her like, like straight. He didn't have time to even like live as a bachelor ever. So now get that, get that out there. Now my mother, she a little church girl, so it's like all right, all right, so she gotta be one with the Lord. So get married. Oh you want cool but my dad, no. So you don't, you don't mind if your dad is out there smashing, you just don't want him to get married, Right? Yeah, no. Smash it up. Smash man, smash You know, but but do not get like, no 'cause I just feel like nah, Nah, It's not gonna ever happen. Well What's the ball of the story if there is I moral Respect your parents and stay in a child's place. 'cause honestly your kids ain't always right about what You know what I'm saying?


Correct. Then you got spoiled children, children that don't want to share you with anybody at all. Correct. You know what I'm saying? And it's okay to date. Like you, you don't, your kids, your kids got a a a way of making you feel bad about decisions that you make as an adult. So that's moral number one. And then moral two definitely take into consideration. It depends on how old the child is too. But definitely can take You know. Take into consideration how your child You know feel about the person. 'cause it could be some, some things that You know they could spot some things, some things that you don't. Gotcha. Why you over here? Why you over here hypnotized by the Ping P. Right?


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more. In fact, at public dot com's high yield cash account, you could be earning an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees or balance requirements and you can access your cash whenever you want. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance. In other words, you can earn 5.1% a PY with the flexibility and security you deserve. It's time to take your cash out of a traditional savings account. It's time to take advantage of one of the industry's best interest rates. There are no fees, period. And you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance start earning 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public investing Inc. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more


This Sun season. Evolve your Sun Care with new Banana Boat 360 coverage with advanced control mist. It's a new way to spray an all new bottle, means an all new mist experience that smells great and is incredibly light on your skin. Better control with coverage you can count on tap the trigger lightly to cover targeted areas or pull for a long continuous spray. Ensuring long lasting banana boat protection. Plus it's refillable from Sweat Resistant Sport formula to kids SPF 50 plus. Shop Banana, boat 360, miss at Walmart, target or Amazon.


Our kids have said to us, since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving To Minnesota opened up a lot of doors for Us. Just this overall sense of community and of the values that You know Minnesotans have. It's a real accepting, loving community, especially with two young kids. See why CN BC ranks Minnesota. Number four, best state to live and work. A great place to work and even better place to live. Explore minnesota.com/live.


Rain or shine every day is a great day for fishing, right? You got rain gear but you can't overlook Sunny day gear. A Columbia PFG Solar Stream Elite hoodie has you covered on the sunniest days. Like literally. I mean, who wouldn't trade a sunburn for a trophy fish? But why do it If? you don't have to, especially when this Solar Stream Elite hoodie is built with broad spectrum UV protection. We're talking UPF 50 and it has air flow so you don't overheat. And what's the alternative? Putting down the rod every half hour so you can slather on some sunscreen seems like an easy choice to be. Columbia PFG has you covered with their cast back TC Shoe. It's Omnimax Cushioning and traction system helps if you're on your feet a lot say fighting a fish. Not to mention keeping you surefooted on a wet rocking boat. So If, you're gonna be spending long days out on the water. And I. Sincerely hope that you will be Head over to columbia.com/pfg and shop all their performance fishing gear.


Hey, I'm here to tell you about up Faith and Family, the leading streaming service for uplifting entertainment. It's the only place to stream all seasons of the award-winning series Heartland with exclusive content you won't see anywhere else. Binge all of the past seasons and don't miss the season 17 of Heartland and Stream a new episode weekly. Dive into the warmth of Heartland and let up faith and family be your go-to service for all things uplifting. Start your free trial today. Go to up faith and family.com for your free trial up Faith and family.com.


You. know what I'm saying? You, you, you overlooking some things So You know you just listen to them and then sometimes don't. I don't know. What's the moral envy? I don't know man. Right? You are Remar. So don't I'm marriage. I don't know. Kids gotta like that mother. All right. I don't know. Well, we got Justice the best coming up. What we talking about? Absolutely. Pop Smokes Killer said if he could, he would go back. But ain't saying sorry. Damn. All right. Well yeah, we'll get to that. Next. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with The Mess. News is real Hilarious. Jessica Robin Moore.


Just don't do no lying. Don't Nobody Bro. I just on The. Breakfast Club, she's a cultureship. She Was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you To see. It's time to shut the door. So Block Star, who was one of the boys involved in Pops Pop Smokes murder. He sat down with Adam 22 on No Jumper. For what? I do not know why, that's why that's what I'm saying. People would be abusing this. This podcast equipment I'm telling you. And abusing, abusing the privilege to have it.


During the interview, he reflected how he feels about Pop Smoke's death. I'm not sorry about nothing. No, it should never happened. But I ain't sorry. Like if I could go back, I'll go back. But I ain't sorry. Like die every day. He was rapping about it all type of shit. You know I said my condolence to the family. And I. Wish it never happened. But I don't regret nothing. I wish I never had neither. I'm not making this small thing. It's just, I don't know. Growing up my people, my family told me you sorry for and whatever you did, you did it for a reason and stand.


Hmm? Did y'all hear me behind It? Yeah. Yeah. When they recorded it, I guess when they recorded the snippet of him speaking, I guess they recorded you as well. So it was you on top of you on top of the gentleman block star. Yeah. Yeah. That was weird. That was weird. But yeah, anyway, he was just basically saying just for the people who didn't hear, like he, he like he, but it was like he contradicted himself a little bit. Right. Like condolences to the family. If I could go back, I would, but I'm not apologetic about it. Yeah. He was saying the way that he was, he was raised and that his family taught him that pretty much stand on business and don't regret anything.


I think, I think that that young man has been, he he was failed as as a child. Definitely. I mean he was 15 years old when this happened. When It Happened. Yeah. I mean to sit there and say I don't regret it. And I'm not saying I'm sorry. It is, it's a stance that I don't think that young man should take. I mean, you took somebody's life. Yeah. There's somebody's, somebody doesn't have their, their son right now. There there's a father that doesn't have his son. There's family members that don't have their brother, their sis You. know what I mean? There's so many people. Yeah. And you destroyed their lives. You destroyed that young man's career. You destroyed everything that was going on with that young man. And for you to say that, I don't regret it. It just, it just seems crazy. And it's not even like it was a beef. It was failed. It wasn't like it.


Yeah. It was like this is just somebody's life that you Took. And then even in a clip, I seen him say, yeah, but that's what pop smoke was rapping about. You took that man's life over what? Some over a piece of jewelry over his Yeah. Or whatever you, whatever you in intended to take right. Is is money or whatever it may be. And now that man is not there. There's so many people missing that man. And then you come out after doing what, four or five years and saying, I don't regret it. Yeah. Not much pain and hurt that that, that that person actually has and If you family and, and and your parents are telling you You know yo don't look back. Nothing, don't regret nothing. That that's, that's the wrong approach. That's not, that's not where you need to be. And And I pray to God that, that you move on and, and, and do better in life because you got a second chance.


Yeah. I mean you killed somebody allegedly. 'cause I don't know what he did if he pulled the trigger but you allegedly killed somebody and you're out right now, now you should be taking this opportunity to do what's right to make sure that you are a better person in this world. And not sitting there talking about I don't regret it. It is what it is. All that street, all that street stuff. Street mess. It got an expiration date on it. It comes back, it comes, it comes right back around an expiration date. So, and just like we You know, just like you, a young man out there with, with a gun and, and a hammer and you got your crew and y'all do crazy things. I'm sure there's some people out there that love pop smoke that seen that. It's always somebody. I'm sure that's somebody that, that, that loves that man. And, and and, and seen that and might feel a way I hope not. And I.


Pray not. But You know, like you said, all that has an expiration date. Yeah. And he not helping with his remarks either, so. Yeah. Well prayer is up to pops smokes family as well. But I'm And I'm just saying one thing. Just think about it, right? All the dads out there, you lost your son or all the moms out there, you lost your son and the gentleman that took your son is saying that, where do you go from there? Right. What do you do from there? Do you just turn the other chin and you be like, nah, Nope. It's unfortunately people people nah, people built like that. Oh yeah. That's how you feel. Okay, cool. And You know That because you ain't gotta be tough to pull the trigger.


You ain't gotta be tough to, you don't, you ain't gotta be tough to do any of that. Yeah. It's just sad. And I. I just would wonder like why would he be on no jumper? But either way just to, just to give people platforms to be able to say things like that is just crazy. But yeah, that young brother need to heal for sure. Nicki Minaj canceled show in Romania. But she announced that she would no longer be participating in the show. Well in the festival it was a festival in Butcher rest. I hope I'm saying that right. On Sunday and, and an hour before she was supposed to perform, she took to social media to basically say out of concern for the wellbeing of her team and herself.


She had been advised by her security detail not to travel to Romania because safety concerns regarding protest in the area. And she's a mom who needs to get back to her son and her team. She needs, they need to get back to their families. So she did opt out of performing, but she did say she would perform at another time. She didn't clarify which protest. But TMZ reported that a demonstrate, they, they reported that a demonstration in the city to protest government's fiscal policies was scheduled for Monday morning. Fans shared their disappointment of course, saying that the protest was just an excuse for Nikki not to do the show.


One person said, I just wanna make it clear that the main reason people are even coming to this festival is to see you perform live. The fact that you would only announce you are not coming one hour before your set is disgusting. Another fan wrote would protest. And these are people, some of these people were from Romania as well. And then another person said the pros, the protests are tomorrow and far away from the concert. In fact, you won't even have to cross butcher rest to get to the airport from the concert this is b s and not respectful to your fans if that were true, I do understand what she's saying. And honestly that's what Rick Ross should did. He should have made a decision to be like, You, know what?


I'm a leader. I'm gonna get my team home safe, I'm outnumbered. These are big white people and we have to leave you stupid. Turn the music off and let's go you Stupid. But I will, I will say this like You know Nikki is from the US Yeah. So if her security says this is not a great idea, This is not what I Advise you to do. Who am I to go around that? You you say what? It's not a good, we shouldn't go. Okay. Turn the Jetta back around. I'm going back home and, And we just saw how things went with her in another country. Yeah. I'm I'm going back home. The girl Probably not playing with that. Mm. You cannot play. I well what she called us. So I got Papa Bear at home. Yep. I got the hubby. I got turn, turn that Jit around my security said don't do it. And I ain't doing it. Yep. And, I also have a team who needs to get back to their family too.


That's correct. So that's good leadership in my opinion. And you never know in other countries they protest how they go. Yep. You know how we need, we see how it should get over here You. know what I mean? But we don't know. So hopefully everything is over KI mean it's okay in Romania. That's right on this morning. But that's just for the mess. Alright, thank you Jess. Now when we come back, we got the People's Choice mix 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Get your request in and reminding you guys August 17th. I think we are like five weeks left to my car show. Of course it's celebrity calls from Cardi B. Offset A Boogie French Montana 50 Base Wag, cash Cobain just to name a few. Make it a trip. Come on down.


Kids. Five and under a free, we got free haircuts for the kids. We're gonna do our backpack giveaways for back to school while supplies last. There's games, there's rides. It's a family fun day that's affordable. And I. Can't wait to see you guys. Free parking and let's get to the mix. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. You are checking out. The. Breakfast. Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just Larry Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Now Charlamagne is back tomorrow. Now. You had your baby shower over the weekend. How was the baby shower? Everything was good. It was good. It was lit. It was, I was totally overwhelmed though. I ain't gonna lie, yo. I just honestly wanted it to be over. Really? You was just tired of everything. I was just tired of everything.


Yo I was, I was, I was tired. That's How it always is when you plan something you be like, well it just hurry up and just end. Now what is this baby coming? Because You know for yourself. It, it might have been like, this is a long pregnancy, but this pregnancy was fast for me. It honestly, I feel like it was slow. And I feel like I am ready, I'm lower, I'm constantly contracting. It's different pains going on. So I'm like, I'm actually happy that I am home 'cause y'all, y'all gonna have to deliver this child if I keep coming up here. That's just what it is. But Chris was very excited 'cause it was his birthday. So we had the baby shower on his birthday and it was a lot.


But even like just trying to sneak around him to plan whip the planter. It's crazy. And then like all he doing is like all he had to do, he had it easy. 'cause all he had to do was give money You know what I'm saying? He didn't have to talk to the planner every day. He didn't have to do You know other people involved. He didn't have to get a frontal, he didn't get his nails and hair and all that done. Right. None of that. Yo, we have to go through so much and everybody bombarded me. Oh my God. Oh my God. Yes. Can I be the godmother? Can I, no. I was so tired, yo. I was ready to leave. How many godmother You got? I've heard at least three, four. How many godmothers does this baby have? This baby only got two godmothers and two godfathers.


That's it. That's said one a set on my, on my side and it sat on Chris's side. There was a lot of people asking and a lot of people, I'm like, Lord, even even Rome asked me can he be, that's my first baby father. Yo, why you asking me? Can you be my child's godfather? Rome was so happy. Yo Rome helped us reveal the, the the gender. He had a a T-shirt on. He threw people off 'cause he blew, he wore a blue jacket and then when he took it off and we revealed he took off his jacket or whatever and it said it's a girl in the bag. He had the pink and white Asics on You know Ro Rome. Just like he reminds me of Bow Wow. When Ray J put together Pow wow and Ray J put together Bow Wow and Ray J put together what Ray j though?


Like what? 'cause there's different stages of Ray J You know how Ray J loves to be seen. Yes. He loves the attention. Yep. He loves the excitement around his name. Anything he do gotta be about him. This wasn't even Rome baby shower. Rome done had five baby showers and he really walked in. He asked us could he walk in with fuss. He was like, yo, no my son can walk in with us. Not just you. Yo Rome was so excited. Rome was Very excited. That's dope. And congratulations. You announced it's a girl. It it's a girl guy. Her name is Marley. Marley. Marley Sky. I love that name. Thank you. I love that name. Who came up with the name? Yes. Me. I came up with Marley and Chris came out with Sky. I love it. I love It. I love it. Yeah. Yeah. But he really, really loves Bob Marley.


So that's why we, That's what it is. Alright, well when we come back we got the positive notes, so don't move. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. It's time to get up outta here. Charlemagne. We will be back tomorrow. Hopefully. You guys had an amazing 4th of July. I know. So for some of y'all it was like four day weekend. Some of y'all took vacation so it was back to work. I know today was difficult. It was difficult for all of us. And I. Just wanna say salute and pray for anybody that was hit with those hurricanes that hit Texas. Yeah. And hit Jamaica If. you got family or friends out there, definitely give 'em a call and we'll continue to pray for them. You got a positive note, Jess? Yes. If a tribute is given, please include Legends.


You're not letting off of BET, huh? No, No. That's The positive note. If, if a tribute is being given, please consider the Legends. Okay. Yeah, It's The Breakfast Club Morning Breakfast Club. Bitches


You Don't finish or y'all Done@public.com. You can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% A PY with no subscription required. That means zero monthly account fees or balance requirements and you can withdraw cash whenever you like. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% A PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Fin Run, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


Our kids have said to us, since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot of doors for Us. Just this overall sense of community. The values that You know Minnesotans have. It's a real accepting a loving community, especially with two young kids. See why CNBC ranks Minnesota. Number four, best state to live in. Work, a great place to work and even better place to live. Explore minnesota.com/live.


Hi, it's Delilah up. Faith and Family is the leading streaming service for uplifting entertainment. It's the only place to stream new seasons of the award-winning series Heartland With exclusive content you won't see anywhere else. Binge all the seasons, then stream a new episode of season 17 weekly. Let up faith and family be your go-to service for all things uplifting. Start your free trial today. Go to up faith and family.com.


Summer Brings more outdoor time, but when it's hot, you need to protect yourselves and your loved ones. From sunburn, heat, stroke, and dehydration. You also need to know the air quality forecast. High temperatures on clear still days can bake exhaust from vehicles and machinery making the air dangerous debris for older adults, young children, and those with lung issues. And for healthy folks who work or exercise outdoors, check the daily forecast. Sign up for alerts and find tips at www.airqualitypartnership.org. A program of the D-V-R-P-C,


Imagine getting in a hot, stuffy car in the summer. You know how it cools off much faster when you roll down the windows first to get the hot air out. Well, that's exactly how an easy breathe basement ventilation system works. Removing all the musty, damp, stagnant air and replacing it with fresher, cleaner, drier air. Take charge of your air with easy breathe ventilation and get $250 off today. Ask about DIY kits. Visit take charge of your air.com or call 8 6 6 8 2 2 73 28.