
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company


Life is the act of custom reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagines, the all new kicks around you. The bold personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvent the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield Technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Be merry, be bright, be loved. This holiday season with sparkling holiday gifts from Pandora jewelry, bring the sparkle to Black Friday with Pandora jewelry from November 16th through December 3rd, receive 30% off storewide, handpicked, and ready to wrap, wear and love. Select from a wide range of possibilities for personalization. From festive charms with vibrant pops of color, shimmering rings and earrings designed to dazzle, to radiant bracelets and necklaces shining in a mix of luminous metals. Pandora has something special for everyone on your holiday list. Shop Pandora jewelry today and save 30% off some exclusion supply.


Welcome To The World of Bows, ultra open earbuds, the perfect gift for the music lover in your life. And now they're $50 off until December 29th, they even made Oprah's favorite things gift guide for 2024. Picture this a walk on a sunny winter day. You can hear the satisfying crunch of snow beneath your feet and your favorite holiday song playing. That's the magic we're talking about. Hear life and music at the same time. Act fast to shop Bose's holiday deals at bose.com/iheart This Christmas.


So you're Her, Right? You're the boxer. Experience, the incredible true story. As Long as I'm boxing, I'm gonna be okay. I'm Claressa Shields my Baby. Going to the living. Let's go. Critics are calling the fire inside an inspirational knockout crowd pleaser. If I've been trained for this gold medal, I'm gonna need exactly what the man gets. It's a monumental achievement. I've been Working my whole life for this. The fire inside. Based on the incredible true story rated PG 13 may be inappropriate for children under 13 only theaters everywhere. Christmas Day.


Good morning. USA. Yo yo, yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo Yo. Just hilarious. Wake that ass up. Charlemagne's running the late and it's Thursday I day for Friday. That's right. How you feeling? I feel good. I feel really, really good. Yo, I watched TV all night last night. Yo, some real good movies on there. Really? Yes. Well, what was on there? It's a bunch of sequels. It's 1, 2, 2, 3. How do I got played? One, I'm still getting played. But that's the se that's the part of the sequel. And get played again. Yeah. Get The third one is Jesus, how do I not Get played? How do I not get played? Okay. All right. So I tubby shout out to Tio Tubby is the, is they doing that thing?


It Was a tuby night for you last night. Yes. Yo, Chris ain't on watch tv, but I don't Care. But Jesus, well, I finished my holiday shopping. That's what I did yesterday. Really? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. I did everything online. Hey, yo, I did everything online. Okay. I tried to go out and it was just too much traffic. So I just made a U-turn And I was like, we gonna do this online. So I did everything online And I just hope that they get here on time. I was gonna say, it's a little late in December for you to be ordered. I Know. Stuff for Christmas online, And I know I, I try to pay for expedited shipping. So we'll see what happens. We'll See what happens. I know it's a lot. It's a lot late, but You know what it is. Yeah. I mean, my daughter's is sleeping. They, they dance so they love their dance outfits and you have to order that from different dance places, like dance cities and, and all these dance explosions and all that.


So they really into their dance. So they don't want anything but just dance clothes. And these are the two youngest girls? Well, not the baby, but Yeah. The two youngest after The baby. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Dang. Yeah. So that's what they want. So they get into the age where they just, like, my son wants a computer. Like it's, it's easy stuff. It's no more toys. There's no more putting it together. It's real simple. And I love it. Remember you happy about that? Now what? What? Okay. I tried to put something together one Christmas and wound up in the er. I did there almost chopped my finger off trying to, damn. But that was just opening the box And be, oh Lord, you got too much money to be trying to do stuff like that. You got to pay somebody to do that, brother. Touche. Touche. Well, Giselle Bryant will be joining us this morning. Of course. She's from Real Housewives of Potomac. Is it Potomac?


Potamic is Potamic. It's Potamic. Not Potomac. Not Potamic. Yo. Not Potomac. Not pot. It's Potomac. Yes. That One. She'll be joining us this morning. You dressed like You going to a Ddy party. Excuse me. Oh, I thought you had all waiting. The, the mic is on. Don't ever say that. Shut up. What's up? That's crazy. Nah, I'm dressed like I'm going to a city party. She's also the host of The, I think I'm going to Sunday service. Reasonably shady podcast on the Black Effect Network. So she'll be joining us in a little bit. Yes. Jaelle and Robin have a podcast. You just said that, right? I just Said that. Okay. Stop trying. Act like you're not late. We already told niggas that she was gonna be late. I Was not late. Oh, that's a nice new little sweat. Your dad, he got the, the, the ashy salmon. I like that. Ashy salmon. Yes. This Is legacy of resilience. Ute The legacy of resilience.


It's so funny. Every time I try to get like a sweaty from him, he'd be like, oh, you didn't get the one. He got it. He get, he sent everybody the same one. The black. Then he come in here with all the new stuff And I be like, damn, what's the like, no, this, this. Tell me what you want the sample it. He got a lot of damn samples. What you want? I Want the same one. I like the salmon color one that you got on done. It's a green one that you wore. Like I like the one Done. Yeah. Done. Done. Ask how much You gonna charge? You charge nothing. You talking about Yes. Yes. And I want some weed. You gonna charge you for that too? You gonna charge you for that one now I know You can get a discounted half story. Alright, Good. Alright, well let's get the show cracking. We got front page news. Mimi Brown is filling in for Morgan.


She'll be joining us and of course, front page, get it off your chest. Yeah. 805 8 5 1 0 5. What? And I see why Fat Joe said don't ask him no questions about Remy and Pat pos. Oh my God. Stop thought like that's Nah, I just was walking in because you see who Pat pos Just posted. Yes, I seen it just now. Oh, Jesus Christ. All this is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning. Everybody's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. All right, now Thursday night football. Tonight the Rams take on the 49 ERs at eight 15 now. Good morning Mimi. Good morning. Good morning. How y'all doing? Peace, Mimi. Good, Good, good. Okay. So evidence is continuing to build in the Luigi Manni case.


The suspect is currently behind bars for the murder of United Healthcare, CEO, Brian Thompson. Now the NYPD, they're saying that they found the gun that Manni used and it matches the, the shell casings found at the crime scene. Remember those shell casings? They said deny, defend and depose. Well, commissioner Jessica teach is also confirming that his fingerprints match other items found near the scene. She and other N-Y-N-Y-P-D officials, they held a press conference yesterday to update the public. And this is what she had to say. We got the gun in question back from Pennsylvania.


It's now at the NYPD crime lab. We were able to match that gun to the three shell casings that we found in Midtown at the scene of the homicide. We're also able in our crime lab to match the person of interest's fingerprints with fingerprints that we found on both the water bottle and the kind bar near the scene of the homicide in Midtown Yesterday, the lawyer said, they don't have any evidence connecting my client to this crime. N-N-Y-P-D said, come in. They got all the evidence coming in. It seems like all the evidence come in. Hello.


Exactly. They were like, hold on, we got a bunch of evidence. And so, You know, another part of this is that the spotlight on health insurance companies, it's triggering such a huge backlash online with many voicing their anger at the healthcare industry. Let me know, you guys have seen any of this around the city, but officials in, in NYC, they're saying that they're seeing fake wanted posters. They're appearing on walls, on buildings targeting CEOs of health insurance companies. And the NYPD intelligence and counterintelligence department now says that Thompson's murder, it resembles a domestic terror attack and threatens to set off a contagion of similar attacks.


Something they are definitely watching for. Why? I mean, listen, this is why vigilante justice is whack. Brian Thompson is dead. A family is without a father. Dude. Luigi is going to prison for the rest of his life and nothing has changed in the healthcare system. This is not how you bring about change. Yeah, I'm sorry to tell y'all this, But like she said, it, it has to be scary for other executives or anybody that works in the healthcare department because it's like you just don't know what's next. You don't know who's next. You don't know if somebody's gonna follow the same trend and try to do the same thing. So it's definitely scary. Like Charlamagne said, wait, It's not gonna change anything in the healthcare System. It's not gonna anything. Not at all the Next. So what's the point? Yeah, I mean it's really scary with people putting up wanted posters of faces of other CEOs, right?


Like that's not okay. No. And so they're seeing that a lot around the city. They said they're watching that. All right, so moving on to our next story. Bill Clinton, he stopped by the view yesterday to talk about the incoming administration and his new book Citizen. Now, during the interview, co-host Sonny Hoston asked if he thought it would be a good idea for Biden to preemptively pardon people who might be on Trump's enemy list, including his wife, Hillary Clinton. And this is what he had to say. If President Biden wanted to talk to me about that, I would talk to him about it. But I don't think I should be giving public advice on the pardon power. I think it's too, it's a very personal thing, but it is.


I hope he won't do that. So he went on to say that Hillary, she followed the rules to the T when Inre he's, and they were talking about the email scandal basically too. And that Hillary followed the rules to the T. She faced a lot of criticism, but Trump's own state department cleared her of any wrongdoing. And while they were also talking, You know, Clinton, he made it, he made it known that he is not a fan of Donald Trump, but he does think the former president and now president elect beat VP Harris Fair and Square in the recent election. And he spoke on that as well. Donald Trump won the race fair and square, I think.


What do you mean you think You know, I mean, I mean I'm not like him. I have to have some evidence to make a charge. So as far as I know, he won it. So I think what we have to do is to observe a peaceful transfer of power. Stand up for what we believe and work together when we can. Absolutely. I I do not think we should just be jamming them, even though we don't know. They do that to us a lot. I think it's a mistake. I agree with everything Clinton said. You know, I agree. Trump won fair and square. It is what it is. And I don't think President Biden should do preemptive pardons.


These makes people look guilty. If you ask me, Biden should be pardoning all the nonviolent drug offenders in federal prison. He should be pardoning everybody in federal prison for nonviolent weed convictions. Okay. He should be pardoning Maryland Mosby. Those are the pardons he should be working on before he get his old ass up Outta here. And you don't think the preemptive, like, You know, there's people that Trump are gonna be attacking, right? You, You know, there's people that, that that, that went at Trump that that that tried to get him locked up. You know he's gonna go With them. Yeah, but I, why would I be pardoning you if you don't have any crimes connected to you? Don't that make you look guilty? If I give you a preemptive Pardon? No. It, it means that we know who Trump is and we know what Trump's probably gonna do. Oh That means, or it could mean Trump knows something that we don't know and that's why he's going after these people. I just don't understand why he would give somebody a preemptive pardon? Like it just feels like you saying, okay, I know this person is guilty of something and Trump may go after them.


'cause he said for The last couple of years he's going to be going at Them. Yeah, but I can't just go at you for no reason. Donald Trump. I mean I, it just seems strange to do preemptive pardons if you ask me. But what do I know? I stay outta way. Yeah. I try to stay outta white people. Business. You right. Touche. You know Joy. Ask the same question. Charlamagne, she asked the exact same question. So that's interesting. And during that, that appearance, Clinton also called out the Democratic Party for its failure to engage with voters that may be outside their typical target audience. So, You know, we'll continue to see, see what that looks like. And coming up, You know, the healthcare is in the spotlight a lot and a new poll is revealing, changing opinions on who should exactly be paying for it.


We'll talk about that. Alright, everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent phone lines wide open, call us up now is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your Chest chief calling. 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? Yeah, this Jack. Jack. What's up? Get it off your chest, Jack. Yeah, I wanted to make a comment about the, the New York shooter. I don't remember his name. And it's just funny how the whole country looking for him and he's sitting inside McDonald's with the gun. He used to shoot the, the dude in the back, he got the manifesto, everything in his book, but book back.


He went through a lot to plan the murder and then leave his fingerprints all over the place. It's just fishy to me. Yeah, it seemed like he wanted to get caught. I mean, you don't walk around with the same firearm and the manifesto in your backpack so when they catch you it's like, oh, here's everything you need. So it seemed like he wanted to get caught. Oh My God. It's absolutely crazy, ain't it? Oh, Maybe he just didn't think things all the way through. You know, sometimes we make emotional decisions and we have a good plan, but we don't think the plan all the way to the end. I mean, he had a ghost gun and he went there 10 days early that that, that thing's pretty intense to to, to de it at the end like that. It's kinda like the Game of Thrones. The end of the Game of Thrones, You know what I mean? Yeah, he, he, I mean it was so many mistakes. I mean he, he, he should have had gloves on.


I mean they got his fingerprints from water bottles. They got his fingerprints from the con Oh my goodness. Took off his mask to flirt back with the young lady. I mean he, he wasn't the brightest one he came To. He's also only 26 years old. Not saying that. I mean, not saying that that's super young, but he, he's clearly not the uhs, the super serial sniper assassin. Yeah. Is this, we thought he was is First Body definitely not this his first time. It just don't seem that clear cut. Well thank you. Hey Jess. My wife wanted to, let me let You know that she love you man. I love her too. Thank you so much. Hey, I got one more thing to say though. To everybody in corporate America that's trying to eat some of these whites only pies and they stepping on your neck. Stand up for yourself. Race, systemic racism is real.


All of those uncle town, I hate to call 'em Uncle Towns, but all of those uncle times to try to stand up and stay and ain't real is definitely real. Alright brother. Thank you so much. Well get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Ray, Ray. Ray. Yo, Charla, man. Envy. What up are we lying? This is your time to get it off your chest. I Got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. We can Get on the phone right now here and tell you what It's we. Hello? Who's this? It's TJ from Jersey. TJ from Jersey. What's up? Get it off your chest.


TJ's Up man. I wanted to get healthcare system playing with people. Family. You said you want a piece of salmon? I said, I said they, I said they playing with people, family man denying. Oh, they're playing with people's family. Okay. Talk to me. Paying all his money and he denying people's healthcare. And I agree with that. Still ain't no reason to kill somebody. Definitely No reason to kill somebody talking about that a lot. Hey man, listen, I ain't saying, I ain't saying kill nobody, but I I I think it's a way to get people to start talking about it. I don't think it's gonna change nothing. But I could be wrong. I think, I think, I think I think they need to start changing some policies. We pay all this money to y'all every paycheck and then we still get the denied for treatments and stuff.


Yeah, I mean that's a huge problem. And I, and like Charlemagne said that that needs to be changed with policies and laws. Yeah. Oh, doing vigilante stuff by killing CEOs and tr and, and targeting employees is not gonna work. Yeah. That, that, that, that's the way for I think, I think there need to be, I think that needs to be talked about changes in that. Yeah, I agree with you brother. Hey, hey, hey, hey Charlemagne and Evie, can I ask y'all favor man? Yes sir. What's up Charlemagne? I, you was talking about grieving through the holidays or something like that. Pamphlets or something like that, right? Yep. Yes sir. Doc Ashanti Dos has a, has a pamphlet called Have Yourself and Merry Little Grief Miss You want us to send you that pamphlet brother?


Yes, sir. And I wanted to know if there's, I recently lost my dad Thursday, man, so the holidays are kind of tough right now. Damn. Sorry to hear that bro. Absolutely. We're struggling a little bit with shooting reports and man, I wanted to know if there was anything y'all could do to help us out. Me and my two brothers With what now? I said I want, I was wondering if there's anything y'all can do to help us out. We kind of like struggling with the funeral reports and stuff, man. Like, like he had kids, so. Oh, Got but what's, what's your cash app brother? Put your cash app out there. I I, I had, I ain't got cash at man. All I got is Zelle and yeah, that's it. Just Zelle. Well put your Zelle out there brother. Know you gotta put his number out There.


Can't you give us your email? Yes, I can give you my email. Go ahead brother. TL jones. J-O-N-E-S Simmons, S-I-M-M-O-N s@gmail.com Anything helps man, because these insurance companies got everything tied up with like medical billing and stuff like that. Yeah. So, You know, everybody want their money first before, Before you're able to get your money back. No, I get it. Get it again. Give it to 'em again 'cause you, you cut off again. Gimme the email address again. CL Jones Simmons. J-O-E-S-I-M-M-O-M-S at gmail do com. Anything helps man, because we kind of, we tried to set my five off right?


And insurance company. I mean the policies and stuff is just holding up stuff, so I appreciate it. If anything. Alright brother, All y'all thank y'all man. All right, now get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, you can hit us up now. Sister. The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now let's get in some front page news. Now, Thursday day football, the Rams take on the 49 is at eight 15 now. Good morning, Mimi. Good morning y'all. So, as students all across the country are getting ready to leave for Christmas break, one school is issuing a warning to its international students to return from holiday break before President elect Donald Trump starts his second term.


So USC, they sent a letter to its roughly 17,000 international students, encouraging them to return from winter break out of fear, return early from winter, break out of fear that they may be denied entry into the country after inauguration day. So we're talking about students on F1 and J one Visas. President-elect Trump is set to take office for the second time on January 20th, 2025. And while it's unclear if his administration will target student visas, he has floated the idea before. Now, during his first term, he signed an executive order restricting travel from several predominantly Muslim countries, Venezuela and North Korea.


And so the school is offering resources, they're offering help for those who may face reentry complications. Many feel that USC is just a first of many colleges, universities to issue this advisory. And when I say we're talking about students on F1, J one visa. So an visa a F1 visa is for students from other countries who come to study. So like a, a study visa and a J one visa is kind of like a work visa or maybe something like an an exchange program visa. So moving on, the guy who tried to assassinate Donald Trump so that the, the, he's the man accused of, of hiding in the bushes. So his trial, he's asking for his trial to be delayed until December of 2025.


The defense had a mental health expert meet with Ryan Ruth at least twice, but there's, they haven't made their public findings, their findings public yet. So in September, Ruth allegedly waited over 12 hours in the bushes with a rifle near Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach in Florida, where president-elect Donald Trump was golfing. Now the man has pled not guilty to five counts, including assault on a federal officer and an attempted assassination of a presidential candidate. The judge in the case, he says that he will delay the request and he hopes to have an answer in the not so distant future. It sounds like this, the, the suspect here wants to use a mental health defense.


And so they're gonna, they're gonna wait until they hear from the experts on that. How do you prove you deal with mental health issues though? Like, how do you prove insanity? How do you prove you crazy? Because to me, attempting to assassinate a president is crazy enough that right there alone tells me that something, something is off. Also, everything leading up to it, how he was beforehand, the fact that he was waiting in the bushes for 12 hours. That's, but that's my point. I just said that the, the fact that you attempted to assassinate a president is crazy enough to me. So what else do you gotta prove but that don't, so so when people do that, that doesn't mean that you shouldn't still be held accountable for what you attempted to do. Correct? Yeah. And I think that's what the judge is gonna, is gonna look at as she weighs her decision.


So, all right. And so we spoke about this earlier about, You know, healthcare and it, it's a, it's a huge, huge issue right now. And so the tides may be shifting. The number of Americans who believe healthcare coverage is the responsibility of the federal government is rising. A new Gallup poll released this week found 62% of Americas Americans think the federal government is responsible for ensuring everyone has coverage. Now that's the highest mark.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the new Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions


Be merry, be bright, be loved. This holiday season with sparkling holiday gifts from Pandora jewelry, bring the sparkle to Black Friday with Pandora jewelry from November 16th through December 3rd. Received 30% off storewide, handpicked, and ready to wrap, wear and love. Select from a wide range of possibilities for personalization. From festive charms with vibrant pops of color, shimmering rings and earrings designed to dazzle, to radiant bracelets and necklaces shining in a mix of luminous metals. Pandora has something special for everyone on your holiday list. Shop Pandora jewelry today and save 30% off some exclusion supply.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career, maybe you're fresh outta college, just start in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


Welcome to The World of B'S Ultra Open earbuds. The perfect gift for the music lover in your life. And now they're $50 off until December 29th. They even made Oprah's favorite things gift guide for 2024. They're designed to give you complete openness to your surroundings while providing rich private sound. Wanna hear what that sounds like? Picture this. A walk on a sunny winter day. You can hear the satisfying crunch of snow beneath your feet and your favorite holiday song playing. That's the magic we're talking about. Hear life and music at the same time. Hey, Come on in. Bose ultra open earbuds now $50 off until December 29th. Act fast to shop Bose's holiday deals at bose.com/iheart


In a decade. In 2013, only 42% of Americans felt that way and that was a record low. So we're hearing that all over now, that people want their government with the rising cost to be more in charge of paying for them. So we'll continue to watch that and see what that looks like. Okay. Alright, well that's your front page news. I'm Mimi Brown, follow me on social at Mimi Brown tv. And for more news coverage, follow the Black Information Network or download the free iHeartRadio App and visit bi news.com. Thank You Mimi. Thank you Mimi. Thank you. Thank You. Now when we come back from the Real Housewives of Potomac, did I say that right?


Potamic? No. Potomac. Potomac. Season nine, Giselle Bryant will be joining us and we're gonna talk to her next. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne Tha God We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. That's right. We have Giselle Bryan, welcome. Hi. Feeling good Morning. I'm feeling so good. I was gonna name all the stuff that The Real Housewives of Potomac. I was gonna say Shady podcast. The reason The Shady podcast. Straight Envy. Right? The Reasonably Shady podcast. Robin Dixon, the new show Love Hotel. You're doing so much. Yeah, I'm doing a lot. You making a lot of money out there from college tuition Sure Is. Yes. Well, You know, we got the dad for the college tuition, thank God.


Okay. Hallelujah. Praise Sam. Keep preacher, preacher, but Keep preach, keep preaching, preaching. Jesus. Yes, yes, yes. But yeah, I'm doing a lot and I'm, You know, it's good. I, I'm at a place where I can say no to things I'm doing things that like make me happy. Mm. Yes. Now how was the Real Housewives franchise? Right? Because you see Housewives being fired. Yes. You see franchises being canceled, rebooted New York was canceled and rebooted. Yeah. I think Dubai has been canceled. Yes. And a lot of 'em, they're saying they're trash. So how is Potomac still been able to survive from all of this stuff that's been happening? All the trash you mean? Yes. Okay. Yes. Pretty much. First it's Potomac Potomac. I'm sorry. Yes. It's hard.


Like the reality TV space is extremely difficult and it's, it's difficult to like have some longevity. You have to, for housewives, it's not hard. You guys have to be friends. It's a show about friendship. So when you are trying to be toxic, when you're trying to say stuff to your castmates that's toxic and it's at the point of no return, then there goes the show. You can't come back from that. And no viewer wants to sit in week after week and look at a show that there's a bunch of women that hate each other. It becomes unreal. And it's, hold On. I thought that's the whole point of reality here. That's what I was gonna say. That's what I thought. I thought the, that's the conflict and, and the toxic was what got people in. Yes. But it's, it's a fine line. It's like a dance you gotta do. So it's lightweight toxicity.


It's not hardcore toxicity. And then you gotta have be able to come back and laugh. You gotta be able to come back and make fun of each other. And it's a girlfriend thing. You know, you have some toxic girlfriends. Right. And, but You know that y'all can go out on Saturday and have fun, but somebody's getting cussed out. Yeah. But it's okay 'cause there's a love there and you can still like rise above it. Yeah. Yeah. And then Sunday we can all talk about what happened. Yes. And that'd be it. Yeah. And then, You know, you have, it's a dynamic of like, there's some girlfriends that are just like the wild card, the drunk one, the one that's always gonna like be reserved. It's, it's the dynamic of the group, but it just can't get to a toxic place. O otherwise you're Yes.


You're gonna be camped Too. You're the villain a lot in a lot of these. Like, you will go at people's personal lives. You go at D she said, well, whatever relationship, personal envy. So, You know, so we are friends. Envy. I'm, I'm just asking, I'm just asking because I watched the show with my wife and I'm like, that's not the Giselle. I know. Oh my God. Pearl Chinese, my pearls. Oh. I think that anything that is out there on social media is fair, is semi fair game. I'll never go after anybody's mother or child. But yeah, if it's out there, let's talk about it. And, and that's like a good girlfriend relationship. Right. Take the cameras away. If something's going on with my girlfriend, we gonna talk about it. I'm not gonna get together with her and act like it ain't happening.


Yeah, no, let's talk. And it, and just because the cameras are there doesn't mean it's shady. It's how you handle the answer that, that you feel like is shady. The thing I like about you though is because it's hard to build a name outside of the reality show. Yes. A lot of people that becomes their whole identity. That has not been the case for you. No, because I leave it there and that is when we're filming. I leave it there when I come home. I'm not trying to talk to my kids about it. I'm not trying to think about it. I look at it as it's on camera stuff. I did it on camera. Now that the cameras are gone, I'm done with it. Now you just did your, your first 21 questions live show in Chicago. Yes. How do You know? Well, there'll be what you mean. How I Know, I know everything. That the math is real.


Yes, yes, yes. Allegedly. Are there gonna be other cities? Yes. So I'm planning that right now. Okay. Thank you so much for asking. Yeah, I Jess, that was something that I did on my own. So we've reasonably Shady has done live shows. Yeah. But it's been me and Robin. So it was my first, You know, Beyonce by herself. It was my first breakout right. By myself. I was terrified And I did it And I felt like I killed it. Yeah. Like I felt like I can do this. I felt comfortable, which was personally I needed that. So yes, I'm now planning the whole tour. So we're doing West Coast first and then we're gonna come through Charlotte, do a little Houston, Dallas, and then come back to New York.


Atlanta. Yes. So February. Yeah. Yes. Now why were you nervous? What made you nervous about it? Because I have a tendency to, okay. To know me is to know that I'm very quiet and to myself And I like to be home and mind my business. What? Yes. All those things. Oh, you said to know you. To know. Okay. To know you. Yes. Got you. So, And I have a tendency to, to kind of say things that's really on my mind and it, and it could be a bit much. And Robin always kind of like checks me in that and she's just kind of like, whoa. Like that was team too much. Like calm down. So I didn't have that person. And just doing it by myself made me feel like a, I'm a mess up. And You know, that's a scary thing.


Yeah. Like and if you don't have anybody like to quote catch you. So I did it, but it went well. It went well. Yeah. I was happy. And it obviously, 'cause you're adding cities And I think that's good. So congratulations for doing this. Your Own Yes. Doing that. That's dope. How does it feel to have the house to yourself? Oh my gosh. Because you're empty nest enough? Yes. Okay, so let's talk about it because you're not there. I'm nowhere near there You are nowhere near there. Nowhere near. And neither of you. Okay. So at first I was like super sad 'cause I dropped off three kids in three cities in 72 hours. Wow. So it was like a thing. And mind you, all my kids go to HBCU, shout out to the HBCU. Grace. Grace is going to Hampton. Hampton? No, no. Grace is gonna fam Fam the ones in Spelman.


The one's at Spelman. And she's at Ado iss at Hampton. The real HU the real H one. Yes. Gotcha. Yes. She's a freshman. She just finished all of her. This is her first semester. She's rocking what? A 3.94 point point? No, you better get That's tall. We do. I know. That's right. That's how we do. She wearing Red though. Now don't get it twisted. Don't get it twisted. That's next year's conversation. Okay. I'm, I'm just, I'm I'm just asking. Okay. Next. Oh Fine. I'm sorry. Okay. When I got home I was super sad. Like I was just like, what am I gonna do? And then the next day I woke up And I was like, I'm walking around the house naked. I love that. It's so freeing. Yeah. I get up when I want to. I don't have to go to the grocery store. I don't have to feed anybody.


This is like amazing And all I can, all I have to do is just think about me. And that's a great feeling to just think about yourself after you've been thinking about and planning around somebody else's life for a damn near 20 years. Yeah. Wow. Like, it's a nice feeling. How did you feel about them splitting up? Like, were adore going to So, and to Hampton and, and Angel and Spelman. So they both applied to both colleges and they both got in to Hampton and Spelman. So I was thinking they were just gonna make the decision to stay together. However, angels a better fit for Spelman a Door's a better fit for Hampton. Ado asked Spelman would kill her. Mm. Because it, it's just not a good fit for her. It's, they're, they're very quiet, they're very studious.


They party like once a week, You know, she needed a party like three times a week. Yeah. So she needed to get it in. Yeah. So I was concerned, but I knew that if they were were gonna split up, they were thrive and they are, they're thriving. Got it. I Want, how did that even feel having all three of your kids go to college in HBCUs? Hb I got four dogs. I hope all of 'em go to college. But to have all three Yeah. End up going to college. I didn't realize that. It was like, like I did a great job until people started telling me. Mm. They're like, so this is a flex. Like you got all three of your girls in college. That's right. A black college. I'm super proud of them. When you're in it, you don't realize you're what you're doing. And when I was in it, I didn't realize like, yeah, I'm making my life all about them. I'm making sure that they're doing all the extracurricular stuff and that they're expanding their horizons.


So I felt like this is what I'm supposed to be doing. But now that I see the result of it, I'm like, damn, I did that thing. Alright. I'm just proud of them. 'cause You know, you want your kids to live their best life, but they really are. Yeah. So it's, it's nice to see. And You didn't try to influence all of 'em to go to Hampton? Hampton? I didn't. Did I? What About the little bit? Just a little. She said just a little bit. She said Just a little bit. I, I wanted, listen, their dad went to Morehouse, so he wanted one of them at Spelman. I wanted one of them at Hampton and it worked out. We got more with Giselle Bryant when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning. Everybody's the E-E-J-N-V, Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking in with Giselle Bryant from Real Housewives of Potomac.


Now I wanted to ask you, You know, co-parenting. Yeah. How did y'all get to the place where y'all can co-parent that way? Because y'all went through a divorce And I'm sure it wasn't a nice divorce. No. How did y'all get to a point where y'all could prayer? Of course. Of course. Duh. So when y'all got to a place where it was a, where y'all both could really co-parent and take all the emotions out of it, how did y'all get there? And When did that happen? I'm gonna be honest. It it was, it was a lot of me. That was the problem. No, no. It was a lot of, I decided when they, because they, we got divorced, they were little, they were like two and three. And I decided I got a long, my attorney told me, you got a long road with this guy. Hmm. So if you don't like him, if you think he's a fool, you gotta put that in the back burner because it's about your kids.


So I had to just let it go. Did he, throughout the course of their life, piss me off every other day? Yes. But I had to let it go. And I didn't want them to feel like, because we're getting a divorce, they didn't have, didn't have a family unit. So I would invite him to everything. We going on vacation, he can come, we doing dinners, he can come. And as long as he didn't, You know, clearly me off, then we can continue to do it. Yeah. I mean, it's tough, but you gotta just put your kids first. So when y'all went on vacation or you invited him, was he able to bring his new girl or were you able to No. Oh, okay. And I mean, he could have, he just never did. Okay. Yeah. And I, I, in, in my vacations, I kept it about the kids. Gotcha.


Okay. Because I one was gonna ask you what would've happened to her, but nevermind because you, Because You changing, changing. I mean, we had, we didn't stay in the same room, so he might've had flown somebody out And I never saw her, but he kept it respectable in front of the kids. Gotcha. For sure. Which I appreciate. I appreciate that. Yeah. But no, it's not easy. And, and to Jamal's credit, because I had them the majority of the time, he let me do my thing with the girls. He wasn't like a helicopter parent and like, trying to question how I was parenting them. Yeah. So that was, I appreciated that. Yeah. He let me do my thing. And with you being an open nester now, how's dating? Because you said you getting back to yourself, walking around the house naked on, I'm sorry baby girl.


Why? Hell Jeff came outta you just night that you need to relax. Listen, I haven't Even heard the term open nester. Jesus. What, what? Empty nest. Nest. Nest. I like open nest. You like open nesting? What? Open Nests. Open again. Vanessa? Open again. Open. So they FaceTime me all the time and they see I'm naked and they're like, please put some clothes on. So the whole walking around naked is a thing. Yeah. It's a good thing. Yeah. Because that like makes you feel sexy. Yes. So yes. The, the Landscape is come what, more than once a week? I'm sure landscape is three times a week. But why is they back?


I I don't say it in front. The window in theme. Right. So it's, it's a good feeling. And yes, I have been dating. Okay. To answer your question, because I seen on the show you did speed dating with Ashley who's now divorced. Yes. But yes. How was that? Are you still seeing the guy from the speed dating? Yeah, he's around. Okay. Yeah. There, there's several. You got a roster? Yes. Yeah. It's about time. It's about that. It's because I, I have the time now. Yes. So if you had time for a roster, you'd have a roster. That's right. Yeah. And if you weren't in committed relationships people, which all of you all are in. Yes. Yes ma'am. Yes. Yes. Okay. Because I Remember I used to have a roster, girl, You know, I was up and down the street And all them name was Chris. Chris one. Chris three. Chris three. I know Chris.


I know I got time. So I just Settled down with one. No, I, I feel like it's my time. I feel like I'm not going to settle into something unless it's really, really, really right. Yeah. And I earn that. Yeah. Yeah. Do you wanna get married again? So I have said for like the longest time. Absolutely not. Like for what? Like what does that bring to me? But I might, I'm open. What changed Your mind? What's his name? Mind your business. I'm open because I do feel like, You know, my kids ne have never seen like a straight up family unit. They don't really understand the concept of what that means. So I, if I'm able to give that to them, and if the guy is amazing, then I will.


And does that, how, how and there will be major prenups, trusts, all that handled. You gotta go. How are the kids with, with you dating, with, With, how are they with that? So they hate everybody. I'm sure. Do they? She said yes. Nobody good enough for moms. I Especially your girls. They feel like I just run through 'em. Damn. No, I mean not. Like, that was terrible to say. Yeah, Absolutely. You grow, That's You. If you had a roster that you run through that the wrong that you, Lemme clean that up. Okay. Do I run through 'em? Okay. So they just feel like I don't take anybody seriously And I don't allow men to make mistakes that I'm just like onto the next. So they don't really even get invested unless they really see I'm invested.


Yeah. How's it been doing the show without Robin? It was tough. It was tough. You know Robin, y'all know she's notoriously late. I was always thinking she was going to come into the scene just late per usual. She was always kinda like the voice of reason when people are going left and screaming at each other. She was always looking at like the bigger picture and we didn't have that. So yeah. I miss, I miss definitely miss her. Yeah. Yeah. But she's just opened up a med spa in Columbia. You know the Target in Columbia? Yeah. In that strip mall. I hate that I said a target in Columbia. You knew exactly what I was talking about. I know. Yeah. Absolutely. Many targets in Columbia. Yeah. Yes. Okay. So it's in that mall. Well congratulations Robin. Yes, definitely. It's called Glow 30. Mm.


Yeah. So next time you're in town. Okay. And it's like a subscription type of med spot. She's she's doing great. Yeah. Yeah. Did you ever think about walking when, because she, she said she got fired. Did you ever think about walking when she got fired? No. I, I'm supposed to quit my job 'cause you got fired. I Know. That's right. I know that's right. I'm supposed to fumble my bag. I doubt. Did y'all have a convo about it though? For sure, Of course. Like after she got the call, she immediately called me. But she kind of felt it coming. You know, unfortunately she's in a situation in which she's with her, her guy Juan. But for whatever reason people don't like that relationship. And so year after year she would have to defend it. And it was kind of like she, everybody was tired of this.


But You know, you shouldn't you shouldn't have to defend the person that you have been married to that you love constantly. Like let it be. So she's, she's not, she's stress free right now. I'm the one stressed out 'cause I'm still on the show. But she's like stress free and living her best life. Are you bringing Those, the the people that you're dating on the Show or no? What, what are you talking About? Don't make, don't make these hos famous. Now you would never, don't make the ho famous. I mean he's gotta be So I did the speed dating. So lemme tell you about the speed date. So he, we were going out a couple times, but then, You know, he really liked me just like a little too much. You know, he was like telling me all the time. And that's kind of like the kiss of death. You don't like Infection? I don't like You telling Infection, affection. Oh, affection. No, we Don't like infections.


That's affection. Of course you don't like infection, affection. Okay. I do. But it's, it's a way that you do. He did much too quick. And it's like, you just tell me I'm great once, not like all day, every day. Don't keep praising. Yes. Yes. That is so confusing. That's crazy. Same thing. What if I really feel that way? What if I'm looking at you and I'm like, damn, yo, God blessed me. Oh my God, you always say love you once again. Damn. I mean, 'cause then it's, the challenge is over for me then, You know, I know I got 'em. Yeah. What, what else? Nothing to look forward to now. What else? Yeah, yeah. So, or tell me in other ways. Make it be a gift. Make it, You know, don't tell me what your words tell me with action.


Right, right. So he, I did something else in my life. I did, I can say I did do a dating show. Right? So I told him about the show before I left and that kind of like, threw him off and he couldn't understand it. So he went away. He Thought he was the one. And you went, you go ahead and go on a dating Show. Yeah, but I said I I already got this bag before I met you. So he should have understood. Yeah. And he did. But he went away for like three months and then when all of a sudden he just like reappear. He, which You mean went away for three months jail or No, Went away. Like outta my life. He stopped talking to Him. Okay. I, he said went away. Alright. That was just, I don I don't mess with those guys anymore. That's in my past. Right. So now he's back full throttle.


Mm. He, You know, he wants to do trips. He wants to do all the things. 'cause now he's putting his, his full energy and attention in it the way that I want to receive it. That motivated him, that motivated him. So every now and again, you just gotta like let him 'em loose. Let Right. All right. We have more with Giselle Bryant when we come back, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking in with Giselle Bryant from Real Housewives of Potomac. Now what's going on with the Eminem lawsuit? Okay. Is it over yet? Y'all could probably appreciate this. Y'all probably know more than me. Okay. So y'all know a guy named Paul Rosenberg? M's manager m was manager. Yep. We deposed him. And from that, okay, I can't say much from that.


I I think it's almost over. Mm. It's almost over. Okay. So the, the, our position was Eminem deposed Eminem's team had me and Robin deposed. So all is fair and love and war. We are gonna depose Eminem. So when our our side said, okay, we need depose him all, hell broke loose. They was like, oh no, no, never. He doesn't even know anything about this. Well, if he doesn't know anything about this, why are we here? That's Right. Because his name is all in every headline. Right. So, but that's a lie. I mean, you had to have told 'em something. So because of that, I think that they're had decided, okay, these girls aren't going away. And, and like, we gotta settle. Well, patent and trade is gonna settle it or figure it out.


'cause we're at the end of the road. All depositions have been done. All disclosures. All all. And yes, we've spent a lot of money. I Was gonna ask, how much did y'all pay in lawyer fees? It's still ongoing. It's a lot. But a, a lot. Jesus. A lot. Yeah. And he Didn't, he don't own the word Shady. You don't own the word shady. And what they don't, and what we know is there have been other companies, small companies, insignificant, not insignificant, but small like upstarts that have had shady in their name and they paid 'em all. They paid 'em all to go away just to make it go away. But we weren't gonna do that. Or unless y'all didn't offer us something that could make us go away. But no, we're too far in now and no, it's enough. And I don't even get it. Like, why would you be doing this to us?


Yeah. Because we thank God we had the money, but let's just say we didn't. That's right. And we're just two black women out here just trying to Yeah. Make a dial out of 15 cents. Yeah. Yeah. So Make sure you subscribe to the Reasonably Shady podcast on the Black Effect iHeart Radio podcast network available everywhere you listen to podcast. Yeah. There you go. And we drop on my dice Monday. Yeah. Real quick, what is the real beef with Karen and who you? Karen and me. Yeah, because You know what, one, one minute y'all throwing shade. Next minute y'all supporting each other. Yeah. Is there a real beef is what I should have said? Is there a real beef? Any underlying issues? I to be the truth be told, I think Karen And I, obviously we started this show together. Yeah. Let's pray for Karen 'cause she's gonna court next week. I think that in Karen's mind, she wanted to be whatever she wanted to be as far as the show was concerned.


Mm. And the and she had a lot of people in her ear. And so I think that that caused her to like comfort me and comfort me. Yeah. But I, I've known Karen since before the show started. Like we were friends. Okay. So I knew what she was doing sometimes on camera was just some nonsense. And I was gonna ride with you with this nonsense. Yeah. But I mean, we've been doing this for so long now. Like at its core we love each other. At its core, we root for each other. But she just comes from me 'cause she gets bored. Got it. Yeah. And I'm, I'm okay with that out. I'll, I'll play, I'll play with you. Oh, we know you play. Okay. I just had to ask that for myself. I watch the show. I know. Yes. And our show is on Sunday nights on Bravo tv. And the love, can I say this, but it myself and Ashley is on the show?


Yeah. Hey, y'all been doing a lot of business together? Yes. Okay. Yes. And, and Ashley is wild. Mm. Yes. I don't like, how do y'all feel about public displays of affection? Mm. If you, that's Your, it depends if that's your boob. What's wrong with that? It depends on, ah, where we at sometimes. Yes. Like, You know, if we're going somewhere, if it's a date night Yeah. And, and we're somewhere intimate, fine. But I don't really like to hold hands. I don't like to, every now and then, You know, you saying you kiss hands, hands Me. I'm sorry, what you say? So, yeah, I don't, it don't, I can have little small ass hands down, don't hold them. Yes. You know? Yes. So, I, I don know. I, it depends.


It just depends. Yeah. I don't really like public affection either. I'm a Kansas Much, so. Yes. I'm very affectionate. Oh, in public. Yeah. Okay. So, but if, so I, I, I like that if, but I'm gotta be like in a relationship or really with this guy. Yeah. So to meet all these guys and all of a sudden like, like they wanna kiss me on camera, like it kind of freaks me out. Well, see, that's whack. Because like you said, you're not in a relationship and these guys might be doing that just because you are Giselle. So let me get a look. They, they could be cloud chasing. You don't know, You know what I mean? Yes. So, but other ladies on the show, they, they was cool with it. They, and so it, it, it's, you'll see Giselle over here being approved, and you'll see pimps up down. Damn.


Okay. So what's up with Mia Thornton? I heard you say that she's, she's dead to you. And, and it's two part question. Yeah. You said she's dead to you. And is there hard when people bring your children into the reality show? Yeah. No. So the second part, yes, it is disgusting when you talk about children, they didn't sign up for this. And children just off limits, that's like across the board. Children are off limits. So if you wanna come for me, come for me. Like, you don't have to bring my children into this. So that, for me is a point of no return. You know, like she And I used to be friends off camera, but that's over. And I feel like you do it when you're desperate. Mm. You do stuff like that when you're desperate.


When You ain't got no storyline, When you desperately want think that this is gonna elevate you. Mm. And it, it didn't really work out that well for her. I mean, I don't, nobody's buying into that. Yeah. And she's got enough to worry about. She got a husband. Yeah. She got a little.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with a nice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola company.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play, and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Be merry. Be bright, be loved. This holiday season with sparkling holiday gifts from Pandora jewelry, bring the sparkle to Black Friday with Pandora jewelry from November 16th through December 3rd. Receive 30% off storewide, handpicked, and ready to wrap, wear and love. Select from a wide range of possibilities for personalization. From festive charms with vibrant pops of color, shimmering rings and earrings designed to dazzle, to radiant bracelets and necklaces shining in a mix of luminous metals. Pandora has something special for everyone on your holiday list. Shop Pandora jewelry today and save 30% off some exclusion supply.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college, just starting in your field, or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities, and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been, because Like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


Welcome to The World of B'S Ultra open earbuds. The perfect gift for the music lover in your life. And now they're $50 off until December 29th. They even made Oprah's favorite things gift guide for 2024. They're designed to give you complete openness to your surroundings while providing rich private sound. Wanna hear what that sounds like? Picture this. A walk on a sunny winter day. You can hear the satisfying crunch of snow beneath your feet and your favorite holiday song playing. That's the magic we're talking about. Hear life and music at the same time. Hey, come on In. B'S ultra open earbuds now $50 off until December 29th. Act fast to shop Bose's holiday deals at bose.com/iheart


Boyfriend. She's, she don't know the fraternity of her child. She, I mean, there's a lot going on Yeah. With her. Wow. Jesus. So, yeah, she's dead to me still. Yes. She'll never be alive. Dang. Even if she apologize. So there was, so we're gonna let the show play out. But there was, she was given ample opportunity to apologize, but You know what she did? She doubled and tripled down on it. Yikes. Mm. Can't do that. Alright. And nobody plays when it comes to they kids at all. Nah. Who played about their kids? Nobody. Yeah. So if you thinking and you going to continue to do it, that means you really feel that way about my kids. And that's a never. Yeah. Yeah. No, ain't mad. Thank you. Well, we don't talk to the dead. She won't apologize too late.


Well, the Real Housewives of Potomac, that's it, right? Potomac Potomac, oh Lord. Sundays on Bravo. Of course. The reasonably shady podcast on the Black Effect. iHeart Radio podcast network drops every Monday. It's Giselle Bryan, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Bye. Morning everybody. It's djj. Nv. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get Y'all still playing that record every hour on hour. Y'all don't care. Nothing about Drake's petition, huh? Who? You say? Y'all keep saying y'all. What do you mean by y'all? He wanna hear it just as bad as, as we do. He probably put it in pause. Let's get it just with the mess. Damn Robin Moore just don't do no lying. She don't spell nobody Worldwide.


Jess worldwide mess on The Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something was and understand something that nobody could get you To see. It's time to set it off. That was na isolate that for me. Eddie. Pause. I said that was nasty. Chill on the game. I said pause. Just chill. He can't chill on what he is. No. I said, pause, stop Y'all. Well, Kandy and Kenya speak on Nene Leaks. Now, Kandy and Kenya, they're, they are original cast members on the Real Housewives of Atlanta. And K has a show. And Kenya went on a show and they started talking about Nene leaks. Well, they were originally talking about their relationship with the other cast members from the Real Housewives of Atlanta franchise.


But Nene came up. I talked to Nene recently. Oh really? Yes, I talked to her on and off. Listen, I wish her all the, the best. I really do. Yeah. I think that sometimes, You know, you hit patches and rolls or, and your life can derail. But I think everybody deserves a second chance. So Let's just go ahead and give her her, her flowers. Honey, she be looking great online lately. Yes. I think Nene looks great. I just need Nene to just back off of the filters and stuff, You know what I mean? Because all y'all be doing a filter today. No, not Like that. She dresses crazy like her, her wardrobe just looks so good on her body. She doesn't need the filters. I just think she needs to back off of that. And she's fine.


But I, I love me some Nini And I think that she deserves definitely a second chance at a new career, Man. That was you. Like somebody like somebody, but stay off the filters. That was very, very shady. But we know Ken and Nene's past relationships, they, they don't deal with each other. Nene do not deal with her. And since Nene had left the show, Kenia, You know, she's, You know, she been out there a little bit more, You know, claiming a peach, You know, acting like the show is hers. But we all know we do Miss Miss Nene leaks on the show and that, and after that she threw shade at her again. Like that, that comment at the end was crazy. Needs a chance at a, at a career needs a second chance at a career. Nene out here doing stuff, can you already know, don't, don't be doing that.


Yeah. And the reality is, I mean, I don't even watch Real Housewives if Atlanta, but everybody in their mama says they want Nene leaks back on that show. Yeah, Yeah. And you don't even watch it. And You know that. That's right. Yeah. Nene and my girl Ra. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And it's, and this, and Fadra is the one who will read you down. She just like Nene in my opinion. But can Kand is not on the show anymore. And Kenya, you, you doing all that, talking about Nene throwing that little shade and now you can't even come back to the show. You're indefinitely suspended. Is she? Because of Yes. I thought because of something that happened. I thought they lifted that. Okay. Yeah. Nah. So she, she's, well the last thing that I have saw and hooked up did not and looked up. Nah, she's not, she's not coming back for the rest of the season right now.


So. Yep. And some more news. Ari and Tyana linked up now y'all know these G Herbo, two baby mothers, You know, You know, and the, and the history with them also wasn't all that good. Remember last year they went back and forth, even had the baby, your son involved one day they was on live, your son at asked his mother, did he like X Ari, did he, did she like Taina or live? And she was like, oh, you being messy. So then he started trending for being messy and all of that. That was, it was funny. But they, they was in the club and they, they was both dancing to f my baby daddy by the famous sexy red that's, that's trending. And Ji Herbo was sitting right there and they was, and Taina was giving the middle fingers and all of that.


And they was dancing and You know, all up on each other. Taina and Ari and Ari Gi Herbo just sitting there like, okay, this is what I always wanted. You know what I mean? I know. I don Were They serious or Were they playing? No, they were serious. Ari seems to be, You know, cool with her. And, and on one of the videos that they had posted said Family Affair. So, You know, I, I actually like saying that one of the social medias, one of the social media users comment, he was a guy. He said let me call G Herbo and get some advice. 'cause my baby mamas would be rolling in the club. It would've been baddies, Louisiana. And so Ari clapped back at him and said, advice on what? He ain't got issue to do with this. Y'all give these guys too much credit. We two grown ass women. He didn't mend or coach us through any of this.


That was all us. I think that's really big of Ari, You know, given that it was so much commotion between them two, You know? Yeah. I'm glad they worked out. Glad they worked it out, that relationship. Yeah. And I could see them playing like that in the club. 'cause they know everybody probably got, they phones out, everybody paying attention to them. So it's just a, something, a quick moment. But Ari moved Dawn a long time ago. So the fact that they could be in the club and be chill and their kids I'm sure are Exactly, Are brothers or whatever it may be, say siblings. So That's good. I'm gonna be honest with you. I don't know what the hell y'all talking about. Listen to Herbo though. I have no idea. Well anyway, I can relate to this situation because I have go, I have a son by a guy who has many children. Right. And Big Rome.


Yeah. Big Rome. Right. And, and me and his baby mothers wasn't always cool, You know, just, just one, one in particular that I ended up fighting. And then we ended up being cool. You're cool now. You know what I'm saying? Like, we, we ah, I wouldn't say cool, but we're cordial. Yeah, we cordial. Okay. We're cordial, we, we neutral. It's like, all right, cool. I can see you, I can speak whatever my son, I, I can go get her daughter, she can come get my son so they can, You know, but we, we don't talk who to fight. We're not friends. Huh? Who wanted to fight with of Course. Me Yo. Chill. Okay. Okay. But yeah. So are you trying to start Back up? I'm Not, I'm just asking Now. She go online And I won. I ain't Gonna hold you if I have lost, I have told you I lost, I haven't won every fight, but nah, I'll be shorty up. So, You know, it is what it is. You know, a little scribble scrabble, You know, ain't nothing.


But yeah. So that's why I chose this story. I can relate to it. That's, and it's good to see them. And I'm not about to be in a club with her like Ari and Tyena was, but You know, we we're cool. Yeah. Gotcha. And that's just for the mess. Alright, Now Charlamagne, who you giving that donkey too? Four after the hour, man, we need a woman named Gladys Serrano to come to the front of the congregation. I'm so sick of y'all. Figure till you make it. People we'll discuss. You saying Old Gladys? Yeah man, Jesus. You about to give an old lady a donkey to That. She's 70. Okay. Jesus. Oh my God. This is a teachable moment. Jesus. All right. And then after that, just fix my mess. So if you need relationship advice at any type of advice you can on the phone right now. Gladys probably was the most famous name in 1930. That of Bertha. Oh my god. Bertha's always cool is a big back.


Y ain't never heard Willamina did you Willow? I ain't never heard it. I thought that was a school. That's a school ain't it? That's an agency. I thought it's the agency. But Willamina Will Hana is a, a old black name. Alright, well After Donkey, Jess fixed my mess. Get on the phone lines if you need relationship advice. 805 8 5 1 0 5. What's The breakfast? No, I think we should make this a topic, right? We should make the, the ra and Tyena situation. We should tie that into Jess. Fix my mess. Have you ever gone through a situation like that? Like I really, I feel like e even if you're the man, if you're the man in the situation, if you're like a G Herbo or Rome would like, I think we should somehow turn it into a topic. Okay? Have you had two baby mothers that's beefing that you would give anything for them to be cool or you got more than one baby mother? Or even on the females end. Like are you cool with your baby daddies baby mama or something like that?


You ever been in an altercation or, okay, Let's up the phone lines. (800) 585-1051 donkey. The day's up next Y Your execution on the donkey of the day is something to go give read need. They gave me Donkey of the day And I deserve the people need the know what you need to tell them I am. Because you have the voice. Tell them, tell, tell, tell. It's time for Donkey of the Day. It's a read, but you're so good at it. You trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne there only charlamagne involved. We charlamagne. Who you giving Dusty other day too. Now? Well, sexy red donkey of the for Thursday, December 12th goes to a New York woman named Gladys Serrano. Gladys is 70 years old and she's one of these humans who I just don't understand.


I have a real problem, a real issue with people who waste time and energy on foolishness. Okay, we on the radio so I can't say BSing. I would like to, I would like to sound it out. I have a real problem, a real issue with people who waste valuable time and energy. BSing, You know what I want to say, but I can't. We only got one life. We do know that, right? So there's absolutely zero time to waste it on foolishness. But sadly we just live in an era where people would rather pretend to be somebody than actually take the time and hard work it takes to actually be somebody. Okay? You'd rather pretend to be somebody than actually take the time and hard work it takes to actually be somebody. Okay? See, Gladys is accused of running a dentist's office outta her one bedroom apartment.


She was running a dentist's office outta her kitchen without a license. Of course, first of all, I don't know who pisses me off more this woman pretending to be a dentist or the patients who go see her. If you're going to, You know, invite just any old body into your mouth, you might as well be a porn star. Let's go to P 11 for the report please. Meanwhile, a Long Island woman was arrested for running a dentist office out of her Hempstead apartment without a license. The Nassau County district attorney says 70-year-old Gladys Serrano set up a bogus business in her kitchen with a hanging curtain as a divider. You can see the patient chair there position near the sink next to it drawers, police say were full of medication and used dental instruments.


Investigators caught wind of the operation after she allegedly extracted five teeth from a victim and charged her $1,500. This woman is 70 years old. I don't know when she decided she wanted to be a dentist, but she could have went to school to be an actual dentist. Now, records show Gladys is not licensed to practice dentistry in New York. But if you ask me, she's probably not licensed anywhere. Now, I tell y'all all the time, I am not the highest grade of weed in the dispensary, nor am I the strongest Avenger. Okay? I was a child that got left behind. Okay? I was before George w Bush's, no child left behind policy. Okay? I was supposed to graduate from Berkeley High School in 1996. I graduated from Berkeley High School in 1998 via night school. Okay? Drop a cruise bomb from Berkeley High School, South Carolina.


So I'm saying all that to say I still know the difference between one and five. Okay? See, the victim in this story went to Serrano based on a referral for a single tooth extraction. She went to get one tooth removed and ended up getting five taken out. Okay? The question is, how many teeth is Gladys Serrano going to have after she gets punched in her mouth for playing in people's faces? Literally. And it's not like she was cheap, okay? Now I'm not a dentist, but I did some research and by research I Googled how much does the tooth crashing cost? It says it could be anywhere from 75 to $250 for a simple extraction. Surgical extraction can range from 180 to $550. What was that? Extraction? Extraction.


Extraction. Yeah. Extraction. I'm saying right? Education. No you wasn't, okay. Oh, what did I say wrong? Extraction babe. Not extraction. I said extraction. Okay. Okay. Surgical extraction can range from 180. I refuse, I refuse to take this from either one of y'all. Okay. Alright. Surgical extraction can range from 180 to $550 per tooth. Now, I don't know if she had simple or surgical, but she paid $1,950. I know the news report said 1500, but the other news report said 19 $1,950. That's too much for a single tooth extraction. So I'm trying to figure out when did she pay her because it couldn't have been before. She should know better than to pay $1,950 for a single tooth extraction.


And I'm damn sure not paying you that after you remove five of my teeth when I just came here to get one removed. Okay? This is the moral of the story of the day. We gotta stop playing, we gotta stop playing this whole fake it until you make it. You turn out to be what you pretend to be. People just thinking they can do things because of a video they say on Tik, they saw on TikTok or YouTube. No, people have skill sets for a reason. People go to school, they put in their 10,000 hours. They have actual experience in the field or industry that you pretending to be in. Can we please get back to letting the experts be experts? And if you want to be an expert at something, then take the steps to be that. Okay? Practice set goals, get feedback, fight a mentor.


All right? Learn continuously, but most of all, put in some work, some real work. You can't just wake up and say, Hey, I wanna be a dentist. Regardless of how many gullible suckers there are out there, you have to go and earn a bachelor's degree usually in a science related field. Take the dental admissions test, apply to and attend dental school to get a doctor of dental surgery or doctor of medicine and dentistry degree and then pass licensing exams to practice dentistry. You know where I learned that at Google? Okay. How y'all go online learning How to Do Everything but the right thing. You can learn what steps to take to be a real dentist from a quick Google search.


But that's not what you wanna do. What you wanna do is pretend to be something you're not until you're exposed for the fraud that you are. Please let Remi ma give Gladys Serrano the biggest. He haw, he Haw, he haw you stupid mother. Are you Dumb? Come on man. I know it takes a, it might take a little bit longer. It might take a little bit longer, but you'll eventually get there. She, She's 70, she ain't got time to be going To school. When did she decide she wanted to be a dentist though? How long she been playing this game with people? Probably at 69. Damn. She probably just realized it. But my thing is, you should be giving the people who went, who went to her dcy the other day, yo. That's why she Next to the kitchen. Yeah, That's why I said I don't know who I get mad at more the person Gladys Serrano doing this or the dumbass people who go to get it done by her.


Because this is the thing, I don't what were they asleep? Like you, you can feel somebody removing full extra teeth. Yeah. How did, yeah, how, how your mouth, like why did you sit there and wait? It, she had, she had, she had drugs and all of that so she probably was numbing them up. But all the more reason, I don't know why you would let somebody play in your mouth like that. Like in a kitchen. Oh my god. In a one bedroom apartment in New York City. Ugh dang. Oh wow. Alright. When the last time somebody been in your mouth in a one bedroom apartment in New York. Envy. That is crazy. I don taking it back to the nineties. That's never happened. What's going on? Can't never happen taking back. What about you? I never, it's a lie. Ask him the same question about South Carolinas New Jersey for me. New Jersey?


No. Alright, That's so messed up. Alright, y'all such victims. Oh All. When we come back, let's open up the phone lines. (800) 585-1051 just fixed my mess. But Jess has a twist on this one. Yes. So Ari and Tyena Tyena g Herbo baby mom. Yep. They they are reconciled now. Everything is good. They in a club dancing and everything. But it wasn't always like that. Their backstory was a little shaky. You know they were going back and forth a lot but I guess they came to a common ground. Look, our kids are siblings and we in a club. They was in a club with their baby father though. Correct? He was right there for the first time. It looked like he ain't had nothing to worry about. He didn't, had nothing to worry about. So I just want the, the people to call up off of that like, You know, whether you are a baby mom or a baby dad who, who's having the same situation, who's been in the same situation, I wanna know.


And if I can help you, I will help you because I was in the same situation too. Alright? Are you dealing with the same thing? Maybe your baby mama's not messing with each other or your baby daddy's not messing with each other and you need some advice? Call Jess right now. (800) 585-1051. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club X about Me relationship problems. Ask about me. You need to beat your coworkers ass. Ask about me. Your coworker need to beat your ass. Call it up Dr. Jess. And I'm here to fix your mess. Fix your mess. It's getting very much messy. Let me fix this. So who's This? It's Keisha. Hey Keisha, what's your question for Jess? Jess please. I'm just my mask.


Okay. My fiance is paying for a child and he does not see the child. Like, I don't know what to do at this point. I reached out to her myself. He's reached out to her himself. Like we've tried to bridge the gap. Like what can we do at this point? Because we're going on eight, nine years of not being on one hand how many times he seen them and the people don't see them. Like where do we go from Here? Okay, so you was breaking up a little bit, but the gist of it is you said that your boyfriend or is he, is he your boyfriend or your baby father too? He is my Baby Father too. Okay, so he, your baby father and y'all together, but he got a baby mother that this, this is been rocky for what, eight or nine years that he, that y'all been having discrepancies with seeing a child.


So is he, do y'all live in the same city? We don't, but like we live in Carolina, we're, You know how the country is or Smag know how the country is. We like 30 minutes from them. So there's like really no issue because like I said, I reached out, I tried to bridge the gap, I tried to get the kids together, but nothing's working. Working. Yeah. Yeah. Well I, I'm sorry to tell you. Y'all just gonna have to take, take it to the courts then. 'cause if he's paying for her but not able to see her, there's something that can be done. Y'all just gonna have to take it to courts. Okay? Okay. Y Gonna have to you. I love you too girl. All right mama. Have a good one. Thank you for calling. Alright. Stop. Pass on them Back. You already know.


All right. Just fix my mess. (800) 585-1051. Call her up right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Help me baby. It's the real deal. Help me. Help me. Oh my god. I'm all up in your mess. I'm gonna fix it. Fix it, fix it. Just gonna fix your mess because my advice is real Morning everybody, it's DJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're in the middle of just fix my mess. Hello, who's this? Hi, my name is Ena. Oh Hiana another. Are You right? First of all, I've been listening to y'all for years. Oh thank you. Thank you.


Good morning everyone. My name is Ena, like Ena fabulous. And Emily's daughter. So I'm actually really nervous because like I said, I've been listening to y'all for years. It's okay. And I love all of y'all. Good morning envy Jess and also Charlemagne. I Morning. I adore all of y'all. Thank You very much Girl. So actually I'm the second baby mom. Okay. And first of all, I never envisioned this life for myself To be a second baby Mom. Me the first baby mom. We don't get along whatsoever. Okay. All right, cool. And the reason being is because I'm very much of the philosophy that you don't talk about people's kids.


Absolutely. So me and the first baby moms, we were basically pregnant at the same time. Our daughters are literally four and a half months apart. Her daughter was born in May, my daughter was born in September. Mm. So you the second just by a little bit you the second by a little bit. Literally. Okay, go ahead. Literally. And then it makes it no better that he was just out there providing community. Exactly, exactly. So she had ended up talking about my daughter while I was pregnant. Oh wow. Mind you, she did not know who the father of her daughter was. Oh wow. Because she was out there doing her thing or whatever.


And then when it came down to actually finding out They did a aternity attached, She never wanted it to be him. Oh, okay. So when he found out it was his then, Now me and the third baby moms, he was cheating on me with her as we were breaking up. Oh. So Yeah, you got a wrong baby. She didn't particularly, She particularly didn't, didn't care for me because she didn't like the position that I held in his life. Yeah. But he also never put her in her place at that point. And I mind you, she didn't have her son by that point.


She had her son by the time they were breaking up. Mm. So he was definitely a, how do I say this? As soon as they got pregnant, he was out the door. Oh, so deadbeat? Pretty Much. Yeah. Okay. Exactly. Yeah. That's what they Call it. Now me and the third baby mom, we actually reconciled like when my daughter was around eight or nine. Okay. And me and her had a lot of the same similar like experiences with him. So not saying that there was a bonding moment, but like we understood each other. This the third baby mom or the first one? This is the, this is the third baby mom on the second. Okay. Okay.


So like, it's not like to the point where like, 'cause I'm very protective about my daughter. I don't really let her go with anybody that I don't particularly trust. So it's not like a situation where she can come and get my daughter. I can go and get her son. But it's definitely a situation where like if we decide to like do something for our children that we'll do it. Y'all can do that together and it's Okay. Yeah. Okay. So let me ask you, are you still with him? Are you with him? Absolutely not. No ma'am. Okay. I haven't been with that man for the past 11 years. No ma'am. Okay. And are there any more baby mamas than any more kids?


Hopefully not. I pray not. Okay. Is he in your child's life? Yeah, he is. Okay. He's gotten a lot better over the years because I'll be the first one to say that we weren't the greatest in the beginning, but I was never the type to like chase behind him to take care of his kids. Thankfully I had his mom and his sister as a real support system for me along with my own parents. Okay. But for the most part, like he's, he is gotten a lot better over the years. Okay. Well, well that's good. So let me ask you this. What's your question? I mean, my question is, is oh my goodness, I I'm really Don't about it.


Just take your time. Take a deep breath and then what's the question? So like, the question is, is like when it comes to the first baby moms, like, like I said, I don't play about people talking about their kids, but like I would love for my daughter and her daughter to see each Other. Right? You want the siblings. Okay. How do I even broach the subject? Okay, so look, all right now, 'cause we, we, we went all around every bush in New York City to get here. Alright, so listen, this is what this, this is what I'm gonna tell you. 'cause I actually was in the first baby mama's position and in your position. But listen, I'm the first baby mama And I, I actually had said, made a comment about the second baby mama's child, but I wasn't talking bad about her.


I just said that Ashton's little sister didn't have eyebrows when she was born. And she, come on, she didn't come on. How would you say something like that? She didn't. Yo. And then so her mother was like, oh, I heard you called my daughter ugly. Nah, I didn't, I never said that. The baby is beautiful. She, that's what I heard too.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with a nice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola company.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple called play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Be merry. Be bright, be loved. This holiday season with sparkling holiday gifts from Pandora jewelry, bring the sparkle to Black Friday with Pandora jewelry from November 16th through December 3rd. Receive 30% off storewide, handpicked, and ready to wrap, wear and love. Select from a wide range of possibilities for personalization. From festive charms with vibrant pops of color, shimmering rings and earrings designed to dazzle, to radiant bracelets and necklaces shining in a mix of luminous metals. Pandora has something special for everyone on your holiday list. Shop Pandora jewelry today and save 30% off some exclusions apply.


Hey Fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


Welcome to The World of B'S ultra open earbuds. The perfect gift for the music lover in your life. And now they're $50 off until December 29th. They even made Oprah's favorite things gift guide for 2024. They're designed to give you complete openness to your surroundings while providing rich private sound. Wanna hear what that sounds like? Picture this. A walk on a sunny winter day. You can hear the satisfying crunch of snow beneath your feet and your favorite holiday song playing. That's the magic we're talking about. Hear life and music at the same time. Hey, come On in. Bose ultra open earbuds now $50 off until December 29th. Act fast to shop Bose's holiday deals at bose.com/iheart.


Oh she looks just like my son. She just doesn't have eyebrows. Jesus. What I told her calling some. Well, no, she wanted to fight And I get it. So I went, you said my baby ain't got no eyebrows. I'll be mad too. I know you call that little girl handsome. I went for no I didn't. Yes you did. You said she wasn't your son with no eyebrows. No, no handsome no eyebrows. 11 girl. She just don't had, she ain't handle no eyebrows. And so she wanted to fight. Now we fought and then Rome got mad at me. I apologized and everything, but I never called the baby ugly. But like you said, to your point, everybody's kids should be off limits. You should not, especially kids that are related to your children, siblings. Like, You know, they, they, if your kids share the same dad, You know, you, you don't wanna be talking about them. They gotta grow up. They gotta have some type of respectable cordice with the other parents.


You know what I'm saying? So I think you should just reach out to her, be a bigger person and reach out to her. Me and Rome's second baby mom. We're now in a cordial place. You know what I mean? I don't know too much now 'cause I keep bringing up that I beat up on the radio. But she, we got past that, You know, and my karma came back 'cause my daughter was just born with no eyebrows. But I dare somebody say it don't play with me. So I dare somebody could it. You know what I'm, I definitely understand. I understand how you feel And I understand how she feels. You just need to call that lady, hash that out. Apologize about whatever. Put it behind y'all. You said this was like 11 years ago or more than that. Y'all are two grown ass women. Y'all kids don't need to be grown before y'all come together.


Y'all need to get this, get this together. Aren't you grown for It? If I'm to extend an olive branch, then she also has to be so as well. She And she might, you never know. She got A whole lot of drama with her personally. Yeah. You never know. So, but what are you gonna lose by just extending it? Like I, like I would be open to it. I would be open to a conversation and whatever comes from that comes from that. Okay. I personally just want our daughters to be able to grow up with each other because they are so close in age. Well then that's what you leave with. That's what you leave with. You c Wayne ain't gotta be cool, You know what I'm saying? But our siblings, they have this, they share the same dad and they are siblings. Whether we like it or not, I think we owe it to ourselves and to our, to our children first.


But to ourselves as grown women to have a conversation and come to an agreement. You know, come to some type of, You know, compromise where our kids can see each other and, and that's it. What what's somebody gonna do to that? They gonna wanna fight you for that. I don't know. But even if she doesn't receive that, well you tried and that's it. You know, and it's gonna be up to your baby or and her baby to figure that out when they grow up, which is sad. But that's just how some things play out. Okay. Yeah. I, I received that. Yeah, girl, just extend. It's all right. It's cool. Ain't gonna hurt you. Okay. Thank You so much. No problem. All Right. And you lied on your beautiful little daughter. This girl got plenty eyebrows Now. She do. She has. But when she came out I was like, damn, that's what I get.


This Girl got plenty eyebrow. I'm like, what you lying about on this little girl? No, No. My daughter did not have Marley did not have eyebrows when she was born, but she got 'em now. She eyebrows or lashes. And I was like, oh my gosh, no, what's happening? So then a few weeks later they started growing And I was like, okay, good. You on the other hand, excuse me. Told that little girl I got thick ass eyebrow. I Ain't talking about you. You on the other hand told somebody that they child looked like your son. I didn't even After, after The little daughter. Yes you did. Didn't even tell her that. I Yes You did. No I didn't. I was in the hair salon And I told the girl who was doing my hair, she somehow knew the girl. She knew Rome mother, baby. Mother was like, oh, Jess was up here telling everybody that your daughter got bald face. I'm like, I never said Bald face. I said she didn't have eyebrows.


Jesus Christ. And she Said, I said it was ugly. Hashtag eyebrows matter. Now we got Justin Mess coming up. Yes. Listen, Remy spinning a block. She that high fire but she not rapping so we gonna get into It. Ah boy. All right. All right. Well we'll get to that next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to just with the best News is real Moore just don't do no lying. She Don't, nobody Batman on The Breakfast Club.


She's a Cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get You to see. It's time to set it on. All right, so we gonna bring it back 'cause Remy ain't done. So now we know Remy and Papoose as black love couples. We've been on that for years. Pat held Remy down while she served six years in prison. She ain't had nothing to worry about 'cause he held everything down from her son to the home and everything. When she came home, everything was cool after that. Things got a little rocky last year. Remy started to spread that Remy was dealing with a battle rapper named Easy to block captain. And at one of the events, 'cause she has this battle Rap league Chrome 23 and she's, she hosts these rap battles and at one of the rap battles, allegedly she was hugged up with Battle rapper, easy block the captain and easy to block happened.


Yeah. And Pat supposedly came in there, they got into a little scuffle and the event got shut down. Remy never confirmed it. It was no videos, it was nothing. It was just hearsay or whatever. Right. And people who saw this, they ran to the blogs to report it like, yo Yo Remy came in there. I mean Remy was in there, hugged up with with Joe and Pap came in there, shut it down. They had a little scuffle and because of that they didn't even get past the third round. So Remy didn't, she didn't say anything about it, but she hopped online to just apologize 'cause it's her event. People pay money to CDs, rat battles and stuff like that. It's a real thing. The whole rat battle thing is like a real thing. So fast forward in another battle, rappy rapper Geechee Gotti.


He's the person who was rapping in this audio right here. He actually is rapping against easy to block captain. And he kind of fueled the rumors of what happened at the other rap battle before. Like I don't give a fuck if you just tell him Stop spewing the business. If found out you was to help, that could really ruin your image. We talking Barack and Michelle Pap and Rim. That's us. Y'all the poster child symbol for black love. Every of every interview. He show his admiration to tell The World how he think his woman the greatest and held you down in prison for six years. It was nice. He cried big. I know it was nice. He cried. Big tears. He stood by you by your biggest accomplishment. Front row. Giving you big tears, man, y'all got a beautiful baby girl who Oh so amazing.


He'd be damned if he lose you to this bozo with braces. Hey, The World ain't never supposed to know what you and me born through. But this behind closed doors running his mouth like a supposed do. God is making blogs and YouTubes people arguing into comments if those post is true, because them TMZ and save room outlets, they only know you. I like gangsta gossip. That's how you gossip If you a man. That's crazy. That's crazy. Put it in a battle. Rap gangster gossip. That a podcast, all YouTube show. You want to gossip, put in a battle rap. That's battle rap. You know, everything is is open for battle. Rap is there Gangster gossip? Is there a rap battle podcast? Y'all? Y'all ain't, y'all ain't never hear that. I don't know It need to be one. It's crazy. I don't know. Yeah, but They got a gossip like that now they gotta report the news like that. Yeah. I seen you out cheating ma.


We saw you everywhere. Yo, shut up. So after videos from that rap battle circulated, Remy addressed the rumor as she was outside and somebody asked her what they thought about, I mean you asked her to respond to it and that's what she said. But he was, i I don't know if You, how comfortable or uncomfortable you were with him standing there just saying all of this. I'm to you. Listen, it is battle rap. I knew when I got in here, like I done been to a thousand battles. Seen the battle of turn. Say something, be say something to smack like so I'm used to it. It's like to be expected. This is about the first time somebody said my name in one of my friends. But, So see if she would've rapped it, it would've been harder.


Yeah. She did she rap? She did rap a part of it. You ain't never seen me anywhere. Now she did rap a part of it. She was like, 'cause if I'd have jumped in in and she did like a little, little bar or two. Oh she did? Yeah. She okay, Okay. Like kind of played with it a little bit. Got you. Well the general public will never know what, what happened with that or would know, know what was really going on. So that's, that's all they had to do was speculate. Right. This morning Remy gave us a whole story trial. So around three o'clock Remy posted a screenshot of a text conversation between Pat Post and another woman. And the woman happens to be world champion boxer Claressa Shields. And this is the thing, before I read this, Remy had, she came stuff, she came in the house. She, He fell asleep on the phone with Claressa.


Right. And That's that good boo love. Yeah. Like he fell asleep but she was still talking. Right. And so when she heard Remy voice, she hung up And so the, the phone was still open. So she just must have started going through text messages. And this is what she found. This is what she posted too. You take Accountab now this, this is Clarissa talking to Pat. You take accountability. You are the one who is married. If you can't at least sleep on the phone with me or be with me in person, it shouldn't be a big deal to let me know you made it home safe or to communicate that you fell asleep in a sprinter. He said after the office, I'm going to a Christmas party at the office. The CEO asked me to come last week. You don't know that, do you? She said Pap, I don't care. You have to tell me nothing.


She meant to say you don't gotta tell me nothing. But Remy shared that and she captioned this Pat PO's dumb ass fell asleep on the phone With Claressa Shields land in my house. He refused to leave this bitch supposed to be a world champion boxer and get scary. And her scary ass hung up as soon as she heard my voice. Now I'm telling everything. Oh when baby girl you not the only one. Pap PO's got a type and his type is women that can fight. Yeah. Obviously Clarissa, she, she was still awake 'cause she commented as soon as that post went up and she said, this can't be serious, you have two boyfriends. And Remy responded back and said, that's what he told you. LOL. So Clarissa also said something to our story that she since deleted it. Said how a woman with two boyfriends mad at a man that has a girlfriend and tag Remy Ma if I ain't the only one, how the hell you, why the hell you tagging me?


So Remy kept going and shared another post on her story. She said, this lady Clarissa Shields and that sorry ass publicity team been putting out fake stories on me every day to make me look bad and make him look like God's gift for too long. I beg Pat pos to put out something to stop the narrative. And he kept telling me to just stay quiet and that's the best thing to do. Well I'm tired. Oh. And he said he would never f you 'cause you ugly. But don't worry, I saw everything. Now The World gonna see it too. You sense you so tough Boo. There was stories out about Remy. I ain't see none of that. Neither did I. After all of that. Pat Po shared a story. This is the only thing that he said he said, sad to say Remy is a narcissist. She chose to cheat repeatedly. Now that I finally moved on, she's playing the victim.


I have requested a divorce numerous times. She read the clout chase on social media than handle things like a civilized adult. I didn't wanna do the social media foolishness for the sake of my 6-year-old baby. She has to go to school. As you can see, I remain quiet through this. All Remy came back and shared another screenshot of the messages that Lord Mercy, yeah. She must have been going through that phone. That nigga must have been sleep. Sleep. You know what I mean? And this, this is, this is what happened. And she said this is, this is more messages from Claressa. I know you hate the internet games, but you need to do something about this girl. My PR team gonna freak out when they see this. I can't be up there exposing her, et cetera. Before December 25th, the movie coming out. You got your other phone yet LOL Don't worry, I'm not worried about nothing she say or put in her story.


I just need you to clear it up as soon as you can. So Remy posted that also with a caption. Pat po you effing dummy. Hey Ms. Shields, he took your advice, but not before I screenshotted y'all convo. Oh. He was getting me arrested. The woman that never effed off on him in 17 years while plotting with one of his chicks to try to destroy me. The same woman that could have been used my platform to expose you. I got all your pics and messages from, from the chicks while I was away and he was holding me down. But she put holding me down in quote quotations. And she said, AF your movie Ma. A few minutes after that she edited the caption and added this. He about to say he wrote my rhymes. Imagine that. And if anything sexual leaks about me, it was him.


'cause he threatened that. Too messy. You Hate to see it man. You hate see messy Remy and Pap would've symbolism nasty. They would've symbolism of black love. And it sucks to see them going through this. Yeah. 'cause You know, once things go public like this, there is, there is no coming back. There's no return. You, you, you just hate to see it. Yeah. Also, I need Clarissa to stay focused because her name's been in a lot of stuff lately and it's probably because her life is about to go to another level. Yeah. 'cause she's got her movie coming out Christmas Day called The Fire Inside starring Ryan Destiny. Don't, don't let, don't let nothing distract you Clarissa. You got a very bright future. Yeah. All great promo for the music. The movie though. Yeah, Absolutely. I just hope that they all could just calm it down. Like you said, we know Remy and Pat personally, we know Clarissa Shields personally. I just hope that they're able to work it out. But they got a 6-year-old. Yeah. You know what?


Their 6-year-old going to school and seeing NS. So hopefully they can be adults and work This out. And I need the s gossip from the the battle rappers. I Know they about to Be fired with the Ball Now. I'm sure it's coming. That'll Be. Yeah. That'll Be best. Well that is just with the mess. It still is. Let's get to the the mix. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We gotta a salute to Giselle Bryant for joining us this morning. My Girl. That's right. Housewives of Potomac. Potomac. Yes. Potomac. Consider because you and Charlamagne can mess up some Baltimore city y. Absolutely. Y'all the county y He was called Anna Ronell. You saying Potomac like y'all just country Potomac. That's Right. Make sure you subscribe to the Reasonably Shady podcast with Giselle, Brian and Robin Dixon on the Black Fact iHeart Radio podcast network.


That's Right. Giselle was beautiful Absolutely Salute to Giselle. Yeah. Alright. When we come back, we'll get to the positive notice The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We all The Breakfast Club. It's time to get up outta here. You know what I'm excited about Tomorrow? I'm excited to hear Dr. Drea Stoops album. Oh. Oh, Dre who you drop tomorrow? They dropped tomorrow. Yeah. And It's the collab, yeah, collab Album. I got a feeling Scissor gonna drop tomorrow too. Only 'cause she put that, she put that video out earlier this week, bro. We Not dumb. We know you type with the click. Did they tell you that? No. Oh. Have not spoken. I'm not tight with Who's Tight with the click? What are you talking about? Who? Hey, I know you're Tight with The Click. You cool with TDE? Yeah. Top is our guys Right Top. I love Top, but I ain't, I ain't know. Did they tell you something? No, we didn't.


But Scissor put out a trailer earlier this week and she already told us that she's gonna drop an album before the year is over. So I'm just putting two and two together. Like He just being clairvoyant or Something. Said So why? Why didn't we Just ask Top why? Okay. I said I think she's gonna put an album out the bar All And that's 'cause you clairvoyant. No, if I would've asked Top and Top would've told me, I wouldn't come on the radio and tell everybody. Okay. Because I know they wanted to be a surprise, but I think Okay, because she put the the trailer for the video out early this year. Was she peeing in the woods? Y'all ain't see it? I know. Yo. Yeah, she put out a trailer for, She's peeing in The woods. She put out a trailer for the album and she's peeing in the woods. What's it called now? Elena? Right? Lana. I, album Sister Always wants M. Yeah. So I think she might drop tomorrow, maybe.


I don't Know. In Jacksonville, Florida. I'm so sorry. This weekend the show was canceled. I'm not sure why, but the show was canceled. We will not, me and Mark Lawrence will not be at Vice Star Arena. I know. I've been promoting it all the way up until today. But I was just told yesterday that the show in Jacksonville, Florida is canceled. So I'm sorry Y y'all get them refunds. Damn. Yeah. Alright, well leave us on a positive note. Well, I also wanna tell everybody, man in Orangeburg, South Carolina, I'll be there next Friday. Next Friday for the grand opening of Crystal SLU to everybody who's been going to Crystal all week, 1486 Chestnut Ridge Road in Orangeburg, South Carolina. I'll be there next Friday for the official grand opening and ribbon Cutting. The ribbon cutting is at 10:45 AM We got a bunch of giveaways, my man, DJ Frosty's gonna be providing the soundtrack.


So I'll see y'all next Friday at Crystal and Orangeburg. But the positive note comes from the great Dr. Wayne w Daya. Stop acting as if life is a rehearsal. Live this day as if it were your last. The past is over and gone and the future is not guaranteed. Have a blessed day. Breakfast Club bitches. Do y'all finish or y'all ducks?


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company. Be merry. Be bright, be loved.


This holiday season with sparkling holiday gifts from Pandora jewelry, bring the sparkle to Black Friday with Pandora jewelry from November 16th through December 3rd. Receive 30% off storewide, handpicked, and ready to wrap, wear and love. Select from a wide range of possibilities for personalization. From festive charms with vibrant pops of color, shimmering rings and earrings designed to dazzle, to radiant bracelets and necklaces shining in a mix of luminous metals. Pandora has something special for everyone on your holiday list. Shop Pandora jewelry today and save 30% off some exclusion. Supply


Peace to the planet. I go by the name of Charlemagne tha God. And I want to introduce you to Uber Teen Accounts, a connected account for your teen with trackable trips and highly rated drivers. Now I am the father of a 16-year-old daughter, so I need things like Uber Teen. Okay. Your teen can feel a sense of independence and you can feel a sense of relief. You can follow their entire ride on a live tracking map. Perfect for those times when you want to be there, but can't. When your teen requests a trip, they are matched with highly rated and experienced drivers, and you receive real time notifications. Every trip comes with enhanced safety features. Pin verification to ensure your teen enters the right vehicle. Live trip tracking for parents plus you, the parent can contact the driver directly from the app. Add your teen to your account today. Available in select locations. See app for details.


How crispy are the new deli mix? Crispy quesadillas. Let's see. I'm gonna pop one in the microwave. Yeah. Deli mix crispy quesadillas are crispy. Even from a microwave. I can already smell it. Heads up. If you hate loud crunching, you might wanna mute. Mm. So crispy. Like barely hear myself. Think crispy. These should come with a warning. Mm. If this crispness is making you hungry, get to your closest grocery store for deli mix crispy quesadillas in the frozen aisle.


This message is sponsored by Greenlight. We all know that old saying about teaching Amanda Fish. And as parents, we want our kids to learn the things that will set them up for success. So this holiday season, give kids money skills that will last well beyond 2024 with Greenlight. Greenlight is a debit card and money app made for families where kids learn how to save, invest, and spend wisely with parental controls built in. Sign up today at greenlight.com/iheart greenlight.com/iheart.