
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


On a serious note, I'm still thinking about that one commercial with Tom Brady and Snoop Dogg. The one way they're hating on each other, but when you actually hear them, the reasons for hating someone or something are just stupid. That commercial stuck with me. There's so much hate in this country and it's got to stop. So join us at iHeart and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out. You can learn more by following at what's up with hate. At


and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table at t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Good morning, usa. Yo yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Just hilarious. Good morning, Charlemagne. The guy. Peace to the Planet is Friday. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and Holly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What's happening? I think I'm coming down with the flu, guys. That's why I decided to stay home today. You think It's the fluid and norovirus that's going around? It's a lot of different vibe going around, by The way. I hope it's not the norovirus. I'm just getting a little sick. So I was like, you know what? Let me stay my ass home. I don't wanna get anybody else sick. So I said, I'm gonna stay my ass. I don't know what it is. I I take my flu shot every year. So if it's the flu, I don't know, but I'm feeling a little sick.


That Was, that was the, that's the most responsible thing you've done since I've known you. Damn, that's great. Damn. I got six kids that take my kids everywhere. But that's the most responsible thing I've done since you, you know me Outside of your kids, yo no, outside of your kids know you. Everything family is great with you. Nah, but yo, you used to come in there and sit yo and be coughing. No, I'm good. It ain't nothing wrong. And then before you know it, I'm coughing by the end of the week and then red coughing and the next thing you know, it's Crazy. Well, it's, it's creating herd immunity then all of us. If all of us get sick, then you know, we all will be immune or whatever it is we got. I ain't trying none of That. That's right. But there is a vi there is some type of different viruses going on, going around. There's a lot of stuff going around. Yes. Everybody got something?


Yep. Yep, Yep. Yeah. As long as I don't have What's the new one that, that came back? Was it the measles? The monkeypox? What was it Recently? It's a few cases of measles in Texas. Yeah. I don't know. It's a lot of stuff Going something. Hey man, just drink your tussin, man. Drink your sing. Drink your vitamin Cs. Say your prayers. Keep it moving. We'll figure it out. We'll cross that bridge when we get there. Crazy, man. All right. How was Atlanta last night? You was performing in Atlanta? Jess, how was that? Crazy. Crazy. Listen, again, I wasn't able to do meet and greet, but yo, the city of Atlanta treats me so damn good. For sure. So I had a lot of fun. Had a lot of fun. And shout out to restaurant. Ve we went there. Louis V took me there, me and my team, and it was, it was amazing. Food is good. Shout To vet. Did you go to Shaq's house again though?


Yeah, that's what I was talking about. Emini here. Did you go to Shas house? Did you get video of the white women Mind's your business? Just mind your business. Mine. Our business that now's mine. Our business. Mine on business. That you came to the radio and told Everybody, because that is my friend And I don't wanna tell no more business of his. Oh, he screamed on you. He screamed on you. Absolutely not. Y'all just going to pay me for my footage and that is it. He didn't have, okay. What? I know Shaq love attention. Shut up with all that. I just prefer to get paid for my footage. Oh, we, I, I don't wanna see it that bad. Good. So let's move on. Yes. Only I was nervous. Only you open the door and say, Hey guys, look what's in here. And then we come peek you like, Nope, can't come in no more.


Yep. Period. We can't get a little guest like, you know, was it, was it black? Was it white? Was it, was it tall? The one? No, no, no. Y'all was the main ones hyping it up. But are you sure you, you'll never be invited again? And da da da da. All right, cool. So now is the last y know, The better. I don't, I don't even believe you got invited again. I don't even believe that's The word. Me neither. You ain't go Prove it. So Why you asking? So why you asking about it? It all right. Well, that Just popped on the screen. Who She's filling in for Morgan. She's doing front page news next. That's Brie. I thought somebody hacked our Zoom. I'm like, who is This? Yo. Yes, but yo. But when we come back, Brie was gonna be holding down front page. News Tank will be joining us this morning. RB Singer Tank. He's, he's on Broadway.


And we're gonna be talking to Tank. He's an Alicia. He's in Alicia. Keith's Hell's Kitchen. Yeah, That's right. Nice. Yes. And also comedian Bill Burr will be joining us this morning. Bill Burr. Hey. Yeah. Bill got a new special out called Drop Dead Years. That's actually out date on Hulu. Annie's debuting in Glen Gary. Glen Gary Glen Ross, which is also a Broadway, Broadway play. Nice. Alright, so we'll get to all that next. It don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Oh, I forgot. Happy Birthday. It's A legend's birthday. It it's a Legend's birthday. Quincy Jones birthday. You know, he produced a whole thriller. So let's get on to Michael Jackson Joint Rest in peace. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news.


Now Morgan is on vacation. Brie Wood is filling in. Good morning. B Brie. Peace, Brie. Hey, good morning, DJ EN V Charlamagne, the God and Jess. Hilarious. How are you guys? Happy Friday. Thank you, Boo. Happy Friday. Less black and highly favored. Awesome. Here's what's trending in the news this morning for you. So, Democrat Senate minority leader, Chuck Schumer, says he will vote to advance the GOP's six month funding bill that passed the house in order to stop a government shutdown tonight. So let's take a listen to some of his commentary on that decision. There is nobody in The World, nobody who wants to shut the government down more than Donald Trump and more than Elon Musk. While the CR bill is very bad, the potential for a shutdown has consequences for America that are much, much worse.


Now, Schumer said in a floor speech that there are no winners in a government shutdown. Adding that the bill is a terrible option, but that he believes allowing Trump to take more power through a shutdown is a far worse option. So the comments from the Senate minority leader are a contrast from ones that were made just to date earlier when he said that Democrats would not let it pass. And so if the Senate passes the bill, it would then of course go to President Trump's desk for a signature. What do you guys think about that Emini here? You know, per usual, the party of inaction, the Democrats have failed to protect the interest of the American people. And you know why, you know, dim suck at messaging because they never talking about nothing and they do nothing. So guess what?


To me, they all gotta go like, like dims. Don't just have a messaging problem. They got a leadership problem. The Chuck SCHs of The World, the Hakeem Jeffries, they should all step, step down. And any dim who isn't fighting for the people and standing with the party should be primary. Like, how can you say the, the, the, the, the bill sucks, but you passing it anyway. Like you're not gonna even try it and, you know, present something different. Right. Try it and negotiate nothing. This is, it sucks, but we gonna pass it anyway. Yeah, that's been the commentary basically. I think a lot of The World agrees with you on that because it's just, it just seems as though the Democrats can't come together on anything. Nothing So ever. Yeah, Nothing at all. Nope. What's the point? What's the point of voting for them? Like literally? Well, alright.


Well, a federal judge has ordered some fired federal employees to be reinstated. Now, a California federal judge is demanding that the Trump administration rehire some fired federal employees. US District Judge William Sup found the firing of probationary employees from six federal agencies last month to be unlawful. He said the Office of Personnel Management and its acting director did not have the authority to issue the directive to fire the workers. The agency includes the Department of Veterans Affairs, agricultural Defense, energy, interior and Treasury. So the judge said it is a sad day when our government would fire some good employees and say it was based on performance when they know good and well, that's a lie.


So the Justice Department indicated that it will appeal this ruling to the ninth US Circuit Court of Appeals. Well Salute to that man. What's that judge's name again? His name is Judge William Alsup. Drop On include bonds with Judge William Asup Alsup. That's a man that cares about people. Now he spit on business with that one. That's right. And we have a story on Trump threatening a 200% tariff on European Union alcohol products. Not President Trump. Not Yes, the Lcca. He says that he will Come down A 200% tariff on all alcoholic products from the European Union in a post on truth social. He said that it would be in response to the 50% tariff on whiskey implemented by the eu.


And we have some commentary from the president during a recent White House press briefing on the US regaining it wealth. So let's take a listen. April 2nd is gonna be a very big day for the United States of America. The United States of America is gonna take back a lot of what was stolen from it by other countries and by frankly incompetent US leadership grossly incompetent While the president said the union was created, quote for the sole purpose of taking advantage of the us he added that the tariff will be great for champagne and wine businesses across the country. It all comes after both the EU and Canada responded with tariffs of their own. After President Trump placed a 25% tariff on steel and aluminum imports.


So, you know, the u the US is the world's largest importer of wine and champagne. And we imported nearly $4.9 billion worth of wine each year. So, Dang. Well That's a big deal. I haven't had a drink since before. Martin Luther King Jr. Day. Anyway, I think that's Sunday before Martin Luther King Jr. Day. So because I got two drunk off. You think That will affect, You Think that will affect how often people drink if they gotta pay that much? Yes. Emini here, they people Gonna drink. They they gonna drink cheaper liquor. That's all way to get drunk. It's just gonna be cheap stuff. Yep. They it's inevitable. They, they gonna switch. They gonna find the cheapest option. I know that much. Yeah, Right. That's right. Well, that's your front page news, Bree Wood. And coming up next hour we'll talk about New York's Governor Kathy Hle winger back to the woods.


She's headed to the White House this morning to meet with the president about New York's Sanctuary City status. Alright, everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If you need to vent, phone lines are wide open again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Stop you on in. Just, yeah. All right, Ty, Mr. Breakfast Club, come morning. The Breakfast Club. Wake up. Wake up. Wake your ass. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether You're mad or blessed, we want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Hey, this is Zoe. How y'all doing? Good morning. What's up Zoe? Get off Your chest.


Hey, I got a question for you. Yes, sir. I don know. Good morning, by the way, brother. Peace King. I see you be, I see you be speaking a lot about Democrats and how they, like, they not putting into action and stuff that you want 'em to put into. But I be feeling like the Democrats don't step up on a lot of stuff because they, they being like, people be in they pockets. You feel what I'm saying? Like a lot of, a lot of other entities or whatever be paying for stuff so they can't speak up and be themselves or, or represent what they want to represent like on the bills and stuff. Oh, I agree with you a hundred percent. Like, you know, we, we, they, everybody talking about Elon Musk and you know, the oligarchy, like all of a sudden they wanna have these conversations as, as if that hasn't been happening forever in politics.


So y'all think everybody has got somebody in their pocket for The most part. And I think a big part of the reason, like Trump was able to come in and change the stuff that he changed. Like he, he backs a, a big part of his own campaign, you know what I'm saying? Like, he didn't have to take money from a lot of people, so he didn't have those restrictions on, okay, I'm gonna back you but don't do this. Or, you know what I'm saying? Like, I'll give you this hundred mil, but don't pass this bill. Like, he got his own money. So he kind of get to do what he, what he set forward to do. Well, no, not in this case. You know, Emini here, Elon Musk donated over a couple hundred million dollars, you know, and you, you clearly, you clearly see how he's running the tables right now.


No, I, I understand, I understand that. What I'm saying is those, those other people, whether it be pharmaceutical companies or you know, how that the politics thing is like, it's always absolutely. Somebody who has a big Yeah. Like it's always somebody in the background who got an ulterior motive and the the representatives can't do what they're really supposed to do. They, they, they're, They, they're beholding the corporate interest because they're beholding the corporate dollars. Thank you Joe. Exactly. Hello. Who's this? Hey, good morning. This is, this is Eddie. Eddie, what's up? Get it off your chest, bro. Good morning to everyone there. I'm old school And I was wanting to ask the young lady, what kind of, you know, what does she do stand up?


Can she gimme a brief bio? What she does? 'cause I'm six years old. I don't do social media. I have no idea. You know what she does, you Know, just hilarious. Yes, yes sir. Yes. I'm a standup comedian from Baltimore City, Baltimore, Maryland. And yes, I'm also an actress. I have shows on tv, I'm in movies, on couple streaming platforms and yeah. And I rose You Gotta stuff online? No, he said he do that. He don't be online, so. Yeah. Yeah. But I'll try to find some streaming things because you know, like some streaming things you're on point. I, I appreciate you in the morning. What City? What city you in? Maybe she'll be in your city soon. What city you in? I live in Charlotte, North Carolina, but I'm a native Brooklyn, New York.


When you performing in Charlotte again, Joe Actually gotta deal on the table right now with Charlotte. But I, I'm in Raleigh, but I'm, I'm gonna get, I'm gonna get to Charlotte. I just, it's a lot of things. Okay? Okay. More dates together. Now, Jess, if he streams one of those movies, he gonna see a little too much. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Just go to Tuby, you know, if you like, you know, you wanna see something, you know what his next question gonna be. Some explicit things. His next questions gonna be what? Well, what's Tuby? You know what I'm saying? I don't, wait, wait, wait, wait. I'm down with Tuby though. I have seen y'all Work on Tuby. I'm gonna say, come on. I know you got Tuby, sir. Come on. Yeah, I'm down with Tuby. I I seen y'all on Tuby. Okay. Okay. That's what it is, Bro. Okay. Alright y'all. Well I appreciate you Jesse, and, and I wish all y'all good.


Good portrait please. Ken. Thank you so much sir. Same To you brother. Yes. You can watch The Breakfast Club on Tuby. Yeah, we on Tuby. Okay, Say more. Go ahead. Say more. You don't know more. Say More. I know, I just know we on tub know Emini here. We on Tuby. Get crazy. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, you better have the same energy. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's This? Yo, what's Going on? Breakfast Club. It's side call 8 0 4. What's up? 8 0 4. Get it off your chest brother. Yo, I just want to tell everyone that needs to hit this, that f that job.


Don't be afraid to take your first step toward entrepreneurship. Okay? Alright. I wouldn't say F your job unless you Are ready. I wouldn't say F your job unless You're Ready. Like You can say it, don't act on it until you're ready. But you can say it all you want to. Mm. Okay. You know what I like to tell, I'll rock with that. You know what I like to tell people? I like to tell people there's 168 hours in a week. That's more than enough time to, you know, deal with your reality and chase your dream. Mm. That's my point. Exactly. No it's not. First step is you told everybody quit your job. That's What you told everybody. I didn't say quit. I Just say if you say effort, then you start working toward what you want. Yeah. I get what you, you saying? I say go ahead and quit.


I get what you saying. Thank you Jess. Yeah, I appreciate that. For sure. For sure. Have a good one, brother. Hello. Who's this? Hey guys, it's Shonda, the Haitian therapist. Hey, Heard from you in a minute. Shonda. What's happening? I, I know I've been a day one listening. Thank you. I need to say he drove the 2004 Cadillac, the Charlamagne. I Still drive that. I still got that truck. Okay, sure. What you mean? And then, And then I used to listen to you on Wendy and tell Emini here drop that donkey hearing Wendy on The Breakfast Club. It was great. Joy. What everyone was saying, the 10 out of 10 was just threw up.


It's Not like your phone sound crazy. Yeah. Your phone is not 10 out 10 this morning. Phone is crazy. Your phone going in and out. Shonda. Oh, I'm sorry. This is better. Your phone don't sound, your phone going in and out. Shonda, I want to hear from you too. Sorry Shonda. Damn. Hello. Who's this? It's pull up. Get it off your chest. Paula. Yeah man. Y'all know the rapper dude that got killed in Florida with his daughter Emini here. I'm sorry, in Texas with his Daughter. Yes sir. Little, little Ronnie. Right? Little Ronnie baby mama was on the internet yesterday flexing 40, 50,000 thousand dollars. She had a GoFundMe for the funeral. And I just want people to know this is why we don't take them GoFundMe seriously. Mm. People get the money and do all type of with it. You know what I'm saying?


What you mean? She was flexing what she was doing. She had the money on her shoulder flexing at the little balu release or whatever. It was just being ghetto and ignorant just like this. What people gave their heart on money for You talking about the mother of the child that got killed too. That was her. Yeah. The baby mama. Yeah. Mm God damn. I was racist. Maybe she was doing that in remembrance of him. Is that something that he would've done or something like that? Yeah. That he used to do or something? Yeah. Good point. I don't know. I just seen him smoking weed on there. I ain't seen no money. Oh, okay. You saw him smoking weed? No, Before. Before? Yeah. On the internet. That Gotcha, gotcha. Like that. Yeah. Yeah man. But people gotta know, man. That's why we don't take them GoFund be seriously man. People be yeah. Be reluctant on giving they hard earned money up 'cause people be playing.


That's true. All right brother, well thank you for calling. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up. We got the latest with Lauren coming. Yes we do. Diddy is we back here with Diddy? He's now alleging that CNN destroyed that original video, the Cassie video. So that might have some that might make some changes in court, but we'll talk about it. Alright, we'll get to that next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren Becoming a straight face. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody.


Well, she gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on Lord the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, it's the latest, the on The Breakfast Club Talk. Talk to me LL Cool Bay. Yes. So Diddy, Diddy and CNN are going at it right now. Diddy's legal team is claiming that CNN Altered the video that that Cassie video that came out of him beating Cassie in the hotel, the 2016 video. They're saying that it was Altered that CNN put it through this like free editing app and they sped it up so that the the events that we saw happened faster than how they happened in real time.


Why did that matter? Does that Change anything? It, so this is the only thing that it can change normally in a court. Anything that's Altered video wise, a a court is not gonna allow a jury to watch that because they don't know like how far the, like they don't know how far the edits may have went. They can't determine what was there, what wasn't there, whatever. Right. So that would basically mean if if this video doesn't make it into the court, the jury won't see it. But Emini here, how do we know that those jurors haven't seen it online already? Yes. Like I don't, this feels like old school lawyers trying to navigate their way through a whole new world because they're gonna be hard pressed to find a juror who hasn't seen that video. So they can keep that video out of the court, but they can't keep it out of people's minds. Exactly. Well The the thing about that is, is what it probably strikes is the fact that if they say it's Altered, part of the reason, I don't even think it matters anymore, but part of the reason that they said they didn't give him bail was because of that video.


So if that video is no longer being able to be used, he could probably have bail and he could probably get it some of those other things that was the reason why he couldn't get bail in some of those other things before. Yeah, but people you already thought of video. Yeah. It's in your mind. That's it. If, if your mind state is hey the jurors, but even Legally from the judge, But even with the judges, like if your mind state is, I can't give him, I don't wanna give him bail because he, he might be violent. You already Saw the video and then, and you remember with the bail conversation, remember they also had like the phone records of him like reaching out, allegedly like reaching out to the, the different witnesses. Like there was other things outside of the video that they could lean in on too as well. So Emini here, I feel like even if this video is, at first I was like, well maybe that video being taken away can help him because of the bell situation.


And I was like, nah, the you saw what you saw. Yeah. Like, but But also they said if it's Altered and they said CNN destroyed the original. Yes. That doesn't seem strange at all. Well, okay, so C why was he Destroyed? CNN is claiming that they never destroyed anything. CNN it says CNN never Altered the video and did not destroy the original copy of the footage, which was retained by the source. CNN aired the story. And they also say this, they're making it clear that they aired this video months before Diddy was even locked up or a federal indictment was announced because Diddy's team is also saying like, y'all Altered this and y'all got rid of this original footage when y'all knew that there was an ongoing federal case and y'all reported about it, but they dropped this video in May and then Diddy did his video apologizing.


Diddy probably mad they didn't destroy the whole thing. Why destroy the whole video? That's the only thing that could help him in a situation like this. Also, if you're trying to keep jurors from seeing this video, all this does is bring more attention to the video. Because if I'm a potential juror And I see these headlines, I'm gonna go see what hell the video they talking about if I've never seen it. Yeah, that's that's true. And then they also are going back and forth right now because speaking of jurors, they're trying to do, they're trying to get the, the prosecutors are like, yo, let's take this to court right now. Like, let's have a jury seated, like in the next like month Diddy seem is like, nah, we need until like April to go back through discovery and figure some things out. And, and Diddy's team wants to sit down, they wanna sequester jurors, they wanna give him questionnaires, they wanna, I think what they really wanna do is with this video and they wanna make, basically see how much these jurors have seen online.


And they're not gonna, they're gonna, they're gonna wanna pick the people who don't really know nothing about nothing, which is going to be hard. But he's not being charged for that video. He's being charged for totally something totally different. A hundred percent. So that video, like Charlamagne said, really shouldn't matter, right? I ain't say That the only Yo young Not meaning if they not, meaning if they meaning if they meaning if they seen it or not, it really shouldn't matter because he's not being charged with that video. He's not that, that would've been a state issue in the, the, the, the time limit for them to prosecute that has already passed. But you seen it and he looks like a monster in that video. So it's gonna be hard to say, this man learned his lesson, let him free. Don't charge him with all this stuff. He didn't do any of this stuff. If that's, you know what Emini here, like yeah, like I said, they can keep the video outta court, but they can't keep it outta people's minds.


Yeah. Not just the video, the baby oil and every other crazy ass story that you've heard over the last few months. Like you done heard some wild Diddy stories. We have, we have. Oh, definitely Have, we definitely have heard some wild Diddy stories. Well, that, that's the update. I think yesterday when that broke people was like, wait, what? But CNN is coming out swinging like, yo, we don't know what y'all talking about. That is not true. And, and that video copy was the only copy, the intercontinental where that video was recorded is no longer open. And it's been confirmed that that was the only copy of the video. So we'll have to see what happens from here. But in other news, yesterday we talked about Tiana Taylor and Iman Shumpert and we did get some updates. I told you guys that we were gonna try and figure this out. So I just wanted to put this update out here.


So yesterday Nikki Taylor, who is Tiana Taylor's mom and manager, spoke out. She said it's awful strange that the case is sealed from a divorce that was finalized in on July 1st, 2024. But all of this information as to what she allegedly got is public this week. What about what the other party received? Let's be crystal clear. Both parties walked away with properties, vehicles and businesses that they obtained separately. Now I also had someone point out to me that there was, there was a story that Jasmine Brandt actually broke about this. This was broke months ago about the, the money and all that stuff. And it does mention what Iman received and he was able to, like, he left the situation with like his condo in Miami.


He also was able to keep ownership of his own businesses.


The World is constantly changing. If it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint, is about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Have you seen this new commercial from standup to all Hate? It's Snoop Dogg and Tom Brady spewing hate at each other. But when you really listen to them, the reasons are just so stupid. This one really stopped me. It's a strong reminder that hate in our country continues to be out of control. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it, if you see hate speak up, call it out and learn more by following at what's up with hate As well too. So it kind of seems like they both walked away with what they came in with and then, you know, it was a prenuptial situation. Yeah. Then the child support stuff happens and the school stuff happens or whatever. So yeah, they wanted to make it make it crystal clear like this was a fair situation But why did that story drop yesterday? If this was something that was done last July, why did it come out yesterday of everything?


And then why was only one side? I guess that's the question, right? 'cause of Laura. No 'cause of the latest with Laura. No, no, no. That that thing was had its legs before we brought it here. We we we're clarifying but it had legs. I can't answer that question. Envy. But you know, I can't answer that. But that is, that is one of the questions that Miss Nikki is asking as well too. It's like, well why all of a sudden is this so big? Why is it happening? Why is it moving? So that's it. That's the way the internet works though. Emini here, you know, the internet finds things and then you know, somebody puts a little flame to it, throws some gas on it, next thing you know it's viral. And you wondering why. Yeah, nothing ever really dies on the internet. It's really like herpes. Every story is like herpes online. It just keeps coming back at any point. It can be an outbreak.


Well hopefully we Dang. I was gonna say hopefully we got rid of the herpes, but you can't. No, there's no cure for it. You can't Nope. Keeps Coming back. Well That is the latest and that is the update. Alright, well thank you Lauren. Now when we come back, we got front page news and then comedian Bill Burr will be joining us. I'm DJ Envy. We are The Breakfast Club. Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody, it's DJ Envy. Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get back in some front page. News. Morgan is out today, but Bree is filling in. Good morning. B Brie Woods. Hey, good morning DJ Envy, Charlamagne, the guy and Jess. Hilarious. Happy Friday. How are you guys feeling? Peace. Brie, you no relation to Morgan, right?


No, no. We just call each other play cousin now. Okay. Okay. Okay. Well let's jump right in. Yeah. Here's what's trending in your news this morning. So we begin with Governor Kathy Hoel. She is heading to the White House this morning to meet with President Trump about New York's sanctuary city status. The meeting comes after the Justice Department hits several city hotels and shelters with federal subpoenas, seeking names, birth dates, and other information about immigrant asylum seekers. So here's some of what Governor Holwell had to say. We will not be cooperating in terms of state police not assisting unless they have a warrant for someone's arrest or proof that this person is a dangerous individual. It also comes two days after border are Tom Holman was on Hogan's turf in Albany, threatening to flood New York with ice agents.


Now Hoko says the state has always cooperated with ice when it comes to removing dangerous criminals, but she is vowing to hold the line on New York's sanctuary status. Has that been something that's been an issue for you guys? Have you noticed people feeling a certain type of way about being a sanctuary city? I don't know if they feel a way about a sanctuary city, but Emini here, you know, over the last couple of years here in New York, people have definitely felt the way about, you know, the the illegal immigrants. You know what Emini here like that, that has definitely been a thing. That's been a thing for a while. But I also don't believe anything Democrats say until I see it. So, you know, governor Hoku iss talking, all that tough talk until Trump applies pressure. You know what Emini here that I need. I need to see how people react when, when Trump actually applies pressure and says, no, you're going to do this.


And I don't know if you've seen it recently, but I guess since we've been talking about it more and more and more, I always feel like the phone listens. The site has been popping up, which is ice gov on Instagram and it tells you everybody that's been arrested, how they been arrested, if they child molesters, if they sex offenders or what all that other stuff it tells you and gave pictures and where they picked them up from, which Is they popping up on crazy. They popping up on your phone. 'cause you know, I've been warning them. I've been telling them where to look. Okay, shut up. You know, you know Iceland asked me to go on a ride along a couple of times. I told 'em exactly where I want to go. Dope. And you know, I want to go your front gate Now. Ain't let you wait. Okay, Well, hopefully they have a productive meeting this morning. I'm sure there will be updates on that come Monday. In other news, during a heated session of the House Ways and Means committee on Wednesday, democratic representative John Larson of Connecticut launched into a fiery rant against Elon Musk and the Department of Government Efficiency or Doge.


Take a listen to Democrat representative John Larson. He was very upset at the absence of Elon Musk during this meeting. Where's Elon Musk? I'm sure he's a genius. He is a very credible person because of the wealth he's accumulated. But that does not put him above the law or the responsibility to come before this committee in this Congress. If he's so great, if these plans and all the fraud and abuse that he's found are so eminent, why isn't he here explaining it? Elon tweeted out, man, tell him, sit his poor ass down. Okay? We don't wanna hear from his poor ass. Tell, tell him sit his poor ass down. Okay? I I I understand how dims doing that. But you know what's more effective watching Trump and MAGA supporters go off about Doge, those Republican town halls.


You know what Emini here like, like seeing like, like people expect Dems to be mad, but when they watching people who voted for for Trump be mad, it hits different. Yeah, it's definitely different. And he had a lot more to say than that. He went on to accuse Musk of attempting to privatize social security and criticized his absence from the committee meeting, questioning his accountability and his motives. The White House responded defending Musk's efforts to reduce waste and fraud in entitlement programs and accused Democrats of avoiding the issue altogether. So that's gonna be an ongoing conversation. And entitlement programs, those are government programs providing benefits or services to individuals who meet specific eligibility requirements established by law.


Ensuring that those benefits are provided regardless of budget constraints or appropriations, for example, that would be your social security, your Medicaid, Medicare, and Snap. Gotcha. And on Thursday, it was the fifth anniversary of Breonna Taylor's death. It marked five years since she was shot and killed after police performed a no-knock warrant at her apartment in Louisville. Democratic representative Morgan McGarvey of Kentucky honored her on the house floor this week. Here's just some of what he had to say about Breonna. Listen, Breonna loved her family, her community, and more than anything she loved life in the face of injustice. We cannot be silent. We must speak up. We must say her name.


Breonna Taylor. Now former Louisville Metro Police Department Officer Brett Hankerson, he was convicted of violating Taylor's civil rights by shooting blindly into her apartment. And the other officers who fired their guns at her apartment, they no longer work for LMPD, but they have not faced any criminal charges. And I know in Louisville I was reading and watching, they still protest every year around this time. And the protest has never stopped. It's ongoing. But they're saying that there still really is no accountability for what happened five years ago. So At all. Yeah. And finally, we do have one story involving an American Airlines plane. It caught fire at Denver International Airport after landing prompting the evacuation of 172 passengers and six crew members.


So the fire, which originated from an engine related issue while the aircraft was taxiing to the gate, resulted in thick black smoke and flames that were coming from the underside of the plane. So emergency slides were deployed and passengers, they safely deplaned onto the wing though. So they had to stand on the wing as emergency crews worked to extinguish, extinguish the flames. Unfortunately, there are no injuries reported in this. And the fire was extinguished within an hour, the Boeing 7 37 had taken off from Colorado Springs. It was headed to Dallas Fort Worth before being diverted to Denver. And we wanted to make sure we got that in because you guys are consistently traveling for work. And So you just wanna scare the hell out of us hungry. No, pretty much we wanted to get that because you guys are consistently flying.


So I wanna scare the hell outta y'all this weekend. No, man, I got a flight Precautionary signal was happening. This Is crazy That what's happening with these planes at these airports. And you know, it's being reported now more than ever. So why not? Yeah. You know what I be, I be wanting just to know what happened. Like, you know what Emini here, 'cause they, we, they, they report these stories to us, but then they don't tell us why the, at least I I don't see why these things happened. Well, that sound Like the plane was raggedy. Is that, is that it? Well, they said that the plane landed safely at the airport and that the, the engine trouble didn't start until afterwards. So there was no smoke billowing while they were in the air. But when they got on the ground, come into the gate, that's when all the smoke and fire started with the engine. Lord, if there was engine trouble better to happen on the ground than in the staff, they In the air.


Yeah, for sure. Absolutely. So happy everybody was safe in that instance. Thank you Bri. Thank you Bri. Well thank You Bree. Yeah. So that's your front page of news. I am Bree Wood. You can find me on X at b bri on air. B-R-I-O-N-A-I-R. Also check us out@binews.com and get BI news on demand 24 7 on the free iHeartRadio app. You guys have a great weekend. You Too. All right, you too now. All right, now when we come back, comedian Bill Bur will be joining us. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's djj. NV Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne mc guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren Osa filling in for Jess. Yes indeed.


And we got a special guest in the building, the legendary Comedian. Bill Burr. Welcome. Hey, What's going on? How are you? How you feeling? What's up Bill? I'm alright. You, you made a, you made me think about something this night. There is a risk in giving compliments. Oh yeah. I came in And I was saying, I go, oh yeah, you, you lost some weight. You look good. He say, yeah. He said, you look good. And then he said, what were you saying? I was fat before? I was like, I guess I kind of was And I wasn't. And I was like, well what if he's sick, Bill? Yeah. And you Said that's the risk you take. That's the risk take's the risk You take. That's the risk take. That's the risk you take. But you know, they got AIDS under control. Jesus. They do. Yes they Do. It's not like a big deal anymore. Remember When everybody used to be so scared of aids? It was terrifying. Right Up Up Magic Johnson Press conference. Just wanna Clear this. I don't have aids.


That was a Crazy transition Look that you like, you're not gonna say nothing Crazy Transit. It was our generation. If somebody got skinny, That's what it was Before us. It was heroin. Oh, crack after that. Yeah. My age. This is a nice way to to start this interview, by the way. Good Morning. Drug addiction aids. Yeah. By the way, bill, you're 56. You are not in your drop dead years, man. Yeah, don't say that. Cut it out. Well, yeah. No, no people, people Dr Yeah. I've had friends drop dead in these years, in these years. So I hope I'm not, I try Emini here. I'm I'm an old dad. So that was sort of the, the thought that I started, you know, thinking like, I, I, how long do I have to live so my kids will, you know, IIII raised them and I was starting to do the math and it was kind of scaring me.


So I've been, I don know, but you know, you get to be 56, gonna be 57. You start thinking that's young thinking of those things. No it isn't. Yes it is. 57 times two is 114. That's not young. How Old are you? People like, oh, you know, you're middle age. It's like, no, I'm not, I'm 56, I'll be 57. So Yeah. That's old. No. How old are your kids? Oh, my kids. My daughter is eight and my son's gonna be five. Oh yeah. So I started late. Yeah. Oh yes. But the average age of, of the, the most people die of men. At least around 74, 75. That's the average age in America. Oh, okay. That's good. Yeah. So those are, those are actually the drop dead years. Yeah. At least making it to cotton. No, That's not dropping dead. That's, that's dying of natural causes or whatever you were doing.


Dropping dead is you're out on a golf course, you know, limbing up doing this. Yeah. And then just faceplant into the tees. But you gotta take care of yourself. You go to the doctor, you do your cardiovascular tests. That's what, that's I'm not dying. You're just doing like a health intervention here. It's, it is a standup special. You're taking it very seriously here. Okay. With with the thing. It's just sort of making fun of the fact that you are Yeah, I'm not young anymore. I gotta watch myself and, and whatnot. So you, You run around the park with your kids? This Yes, I do all of that type of stuff. He's not That old. Why you saying it like that? Like you Yeah. 'cause he making himself sound seem so age. I'm like, well, what young stuff do you do that makes you feel like I can't be somewhere?


Damn. Damn. It's just being 56 is is like, is that a crazy thing to think that 56 is kind of old? I think so. The way that I think because you put, you say 56 and then you, you talk about all of the like, kinda like the up the hill battle stuff. Like it's just you wake up every day and you look fine. That's she's, She's 33 but's How She's young. You make it feel like, you make it feel like you feel old. Like, so I'm like, dang, we're ancient to her. What's happening with Your kids all Listen, I'll call Hulu. I will rename the Country. I'll see what I can do To make the pregame to drop dead years. Yes. Okay. It's a pregame. All right. Well the Special is out today. Yes. Now it is out today on Hulu. Drop dead years for everybody out there. Make sure you go stream it. Make sure you go watch it. Absolutely.


Can, can you tell us what, well, I guess you just told us what inspired the name, but how, how does it reflect the material you're covering in the special? Well, I always have like a mix of like, I talk about current events, crazy thoughts and then, you know, sort of analyzing my mistakes or whatever. So I'm not, because my earlier specials, I was just doing this. So I like to try to point the finger at myself a little bit more. But I don't know, You know. When it comes to comedy though, are you trying to provide an escape for people? Or do you feel like you have to use comedy to make sense of The World that we live in? Definitely an escape. Okay. I'm big on that. Like, my job is when you come, I'm gonna make you laugh. Forget about whatever you're going through or add to a good week if you had it. But I don't put any sort of level of importance.


People try to do that. Like, this is stupid thing out there. They're like the comedians, they're, they're like the truth tellers of today. It's like, no, you journalists aren't doing your jobs anymore. You guys are all, you guys work for one or two channels and you know, you just sort of toe the company line. So then they're, they're putting it on comedians. It's like, you know, that's not our job, our job's to make you laugh and forget about your work week or whatever. So I don't put any sort of importance on anything that I, I'm doing. And how do you stay away from politics? When I feel like politics is just funny now, nowadays it's pop culture. Now everything is just everywhere. Every, like, everything you say has to do with political stuff. Not everything, but a lot of stuff you say has to do with political stuff. Like you were trending all morning this morning. Did you know that on Twitter?


Yeah, but I guarantee you, whatever they were saying, I was saying I wasn't, what was it about? It was, It was the Elon Musk n Nazi thing and how the media is scared. I can't Scared Don't say what they need to say. Well That's ridiculous. There was a, there was a time post Me Too and all that, speaking to power, all of that, that was happening. The power, you know, remember when something was supposed to happen for you guys and it didn't Yeah. Because it was all of us just talking Emini here. That's what ended up happening. No, that's true. That's what ended up happen. A lot of white People making a lot of promises that never happened. Oh, Was it during the black squares time or something? I don't, I don't, I don I don't rem I just, I just remember there was a time that you would be on stage going like, can I do this Kaitlyn Jenner joke or am I, is this gonna like, am I gonna get canceled?


Like it was really a, this crazy time. Nah, he, And then she was the one transgender you could always make jokes about and nobody would get mad. I don't know. I kind of did one on Conan and then those guys at Huffington Post tried to get something going, but, and okay, so there was that period and then like a few years later, this guy sea tiled twice, two of 'em once in the front if you missed it in the back. And it's just like, he still has a job. That guy still has a job. I don't understand those guys. And this isn't politically, it's just like, I don't understand why they're so upset with this country. It's like you're billionaires. I think it's working for you. Like, like, you know, why are you going and telling everybody, you know, justify what you do. It's like justify what you do.


That piece of shit car that you're making that the government financed. No, But you know what you just said. You said that Elon still has a job. He's the richest man in The World. There's nothing they can do to him. And that's all he proved. There's nothing anybody can do to him by throwing up when he did that. Yeah. What do you take from him? He's not Kyrie Irving. He's not Kanye. Like what do you do? Yeah, but you keep, I I I don't know. I, listen, I don't know how this works. I'm just saying that, you know, if, if you said the wrong thing as a comedian, all of a sudden you lost your TV show. But You not the richest man in The World. If he was the richest comedian in The World, ever Imagine that. I don't get, imagine Bill Bur would throw all my money, but I don't get is the amount of veterans that, that people in the armed services that died trying to stop Hitler. And then this guy comes in and does that while being an immigrant too, which is kind of the whole thing.


Just none, none of it. Like tracks how you could be to support the troops, you know, America love it or leave it and then this guy comes in and gives a shout out to Hitler. Makes no sense at all. Yeah, it doesn't, I don't know. But then somehow that gets like politicized. I'm not trashing Republicans. All Republicans did not seek Kyle. That guy did. Yeah. And I was just amazed that all liberals had was one day of outrage and they're like, all right, I guess that didn't work. Then we just kind of move on because they Realize they can't do anything to 'em. Like, what do you do other than send out some angry tweets? Well, The stock went down a little bit, but then Trump tried to, you know, buy some, some Teslas on, you know, live on television to show people that it's cool about it. The, the company. So The people online said, bill Barr is absolutely cooking.


He don't realize he gonna lead a revolution and then make jokes and complain about it. So they want you to tell them what to do. That's one comment. There's Multiple. That's If you go down this, they was, They was, can I tell you, they was Giving it up for you this morning. If you were in this business, the last thing you wanna do is read comments on the internet. I tell her that Every fucking day, Whenever a person is trending, I have to go see why like it's just in my world of things, She lives in. The comments. Oh, This is not the, this is, this is, this is not the comments. This is like you were trending across the US on Twitter. So I clicked to see why, 'cause I knew you were coming today. Okay. And then I saw the comment that you made, which I saw the day before, but people just started The common sense comment that we shouldn't have a Nazi.


Yeah. And people just started yelling about it today. So that's why you were trending. All right. We got more with comedian Bill Burr when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's d ej, nv, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRose is with us as well. We still kicking with comedian Bill Burr. Charlamagne. You, You, you said you feel like billionaires are like rabbit dogs who deserve to be put down. Wow. Damn. Why you Feel well Emini here. Well, Emini here. It's a podcast. I'm, I'm, I'm e I'm joking. I'm exaggerating. You can't do that. Just say anything, bill. Bill. Yes you can. And I did it and it's fine. You know what I hate? I hate when somebody shows him a clip from a movie or a sketch and be like, oh, you couldn't do that today.


It's like, you just did it. That's true. And we all watched it and everything was fine. So like, I So you Don't really feel like billionaires are rabbit dogs who should be put down? I, I think that they should be regulated. Yeah. Capitalism is great, but unregulated capitalism, I don't think the direction this is going. And when, now these guys, the thing is, is they're all competing with each other. They don't hang out with regular people, they just hang out with other billionaires. So when somebody has an infinity pool overlooking an infinity pool, then that, that's what they want. And you know, I think they just go around looking at their net worth and they're trying to be like the first trillionaire. But I, I don't, I don't know. I don't understand that. But this, this whole like, heartless way that they treat workers I agree.


Is it's, it's gotta stop. It has to stop. And I don't, I do find it funny though that it's nerds that are ruining The World. 'cause they used to always go after like frat boys and stuff. And it's like, well now look at it. It's all of these, these, I don't know, they're all getting like hair plugs and they get like face. I don't understand the CEO. They take juujitsu and they eat raw almonds. But, you know, people feel like that about multi-millionaires too, though. Bill and you are a multi-millionaire. I, I hit the lottery. Yeah. Was, I worked in a warehouse. I did like that. And then I, I tried like I, you know, I went after something and it, and it paid up. Like there's no way to win that conversation where it's just like, oh, you got money now, so shut the fuck up. And then, but then if you act like you have money, it's like, well don't forget where you came from.


So like, I don't know. I'm nobody's the same person that they were. I like to think I learned some shit along the way, but like, you know, people who work for me get paid. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't want them to go to bed terrified. Wake up terrified, go to work. Terrified. Like that one Psycho said that he wants his workers to do. Like, I want people to be comfortable. Yeah. Like why wouldn't you want your employees to, like when I was growing up, the, you know, the working class, it was like one week's pay should be your rent or your mortgage. And now I know people that work a whole month and have to get like a second job. And that's just not good. You know, you need to be home with your kids. If you have a second job, you can't do that. You can't raise 'em. Right, right. Causes more problems. I don't know. So you like compassionate capitalism?


Yeah. I have no problem with people running stuff. I have no problem with people making a ton of money. But like, you know when, when your workers are wearing adult diapers 'cause they don't have time to go to the damn is they're driving your truck across the country. Like Yeah. That's what I've going All right. Maybe, maybe you're taking too much of the pie. That's all. So, I don't know. Random question. Did Billy Corgan get the DNA test to see if you and him are really half brothers? I Saw, I don't want, you know. Yeah, I don't wanna get into that. I don't wanna get that was just a, you know, I love Howie, but we're still trying to work that out. Yeah. That he did that. Oh. So that was real. That wasn't a bit with that, that y'all had going On. I don't want to, you know, I don't want to, I am just gonna leave that stuff alone. Okay. There's a lot of people out there that aren't in this business that might be affected, you know, so I just, that alone.


Okay. All right. Wow. I need to ask, you said you, you've been married 11 years and you said you finally got it right. What? Getting wrong for so long? He didn't know. Happy wife was happy life. Yeah. Which sounds cute. It's a threat. What you mean happy wife, happy life? What do you mean? What do Emini here? What do you mean? Oh, you never been with a female? I've married. I've been married. Twin. Yeah. And you're smart enough to say, what do you mean? So I say it. Oh, you don't walk home. I'm trying that slick. You didn't see the alley. What do you mean by that? I live on a different planet. No, I, I kind of, no silence. Silence is the key. When they get all going on about something. You don't have to take bait. You just sit there. If you don't engage, like arguing with the, with a woman as an away game is what I've learned.


And they're, you're just gonna lose. But if you just stay quiet, not hostile, quiet, neutral, quiet. Yep. Dies of its own weight. And then you just, if you just never get upset, then they, they, they so look at her. You see the look on her face. They come around. They come around and then, but then this is the thing too. You can't ask them to apologize either. Damn. You can't. You have to make it them feel like it was their decision. You know what I say? I, and this might sound a little off, I say sometimes winning is losing. Yeah. Well, I wouldn't go that negative. That's a little hopeless. You have your guy friends to say what you really feel in that moment when that's that you used to say to your wife, but like you just don't do it anymore. You just sit there and go like, you know, you just let him go.


But it's not a competition. Like it's not a competition. You are purposely trying to make her mad. I think he was, nah, no I wasn't, I accidentally did what she was doing to me. 'cause it was all of those times when I was like, I'd be in an argument, I would be right. And then all of a sudden I would be arguing some other shit going like, how did we get over here? And then I would say something dumb and then I would end up having to apologize even though I was right. And then I would go for a walk and then sort of like, you know, after the, you lose a game, you looking at the game film And I was, ah, she did it to me again. So I don't know. Well They, they always say win through your actions, never through argument. So I feel like that's what you mean when you say just be quiet. Yeah. Emini here, that's, whatever you just said is more evolved than I am. I just try to like, like that was like when I'm on Duolingo And I kind of know most of the words And I was like, wait, let me, lemme just hit pause and think what was just said.


Just went Through your action and never through argument. Like I no need to argue with somebody just showing proof basically. I, I saw you say that one of the greatest things that ever happened to you is that you went bald. You went bald for your acting career. Oh, For acting. Yeah, because before that, when I had the red hair or whatever, like, you know, they talk about all the stereotypes in Hollywood. It's not just like with people of color. Like I was in the redhead drawer and there's just certain roles that you get. And I remember like, you know, I'm old enough, we had like black and white head shots. So like in the nineties with the MOUs and the hair, it kind of looked like brown hair. So a couple times in like some smaller projects, independent things, they would bring me in for the lead. And I was thinking, oh my God, I'm finally getting to go in. I'm finally gonna have like a big part. And I, I would come walking in like, you know, prepare three scenes, right?


And I would come walking in and then they would see me, they'd be like, oh, okay. We we're just gonna do the first scene. And I knew what that was. It's like, you're not gonna have, it was just this unwritten rule that if you were a redhead, you weren't gonna be the lead. Redheaded male was not gonna be the lead in the movie. So going bald and shaving my head, you know, I started looking more of like the, as than I am. So I got, I got to play those kinds of guys, you know, like this thing I'm, and, and Glen Gary, Glen Ross, this guy David Moss that I'm playing, you know, he sounds like all the guys that I grew up with. Like, it was a different time and people just yelled at each other and they said horrible to each other. And there was like no apology and you just kind of moved on. So What made you wanna do Broadway? I was gonna say this your first time, like that's like the, like you already do. The hardest thing there is to do on stage.


I think comedians a maniac for you as one person to go on stage. I would say editing a movie is way difficult than really. Oh my God. First of all, on your first movie, if you don't know what you're doing, if like, you know, when you see experienced directors, they, they'll have a guy, they're like starting to edit this stuff as they go. So they almost have their first cut at the end. Your first time director, it's like you took five jigsaw puzzles and just threw it in the air and it's on the floor. And you have to look at every piece and try to figure out how it went together. That's the hardest as far as in show business thing that I did. And then before show business, any construction, landscaping roofing was brutal. But standup is, is not hard. It's more humiliating in the beginning when you don't know what you're doing. But once you know what you're doing, it's one of the easiest jobs in entertainment because it's in real time where like a movie's an hour and a half and it takes like three months to shoot it.


16 hour days, you know, an hour a standup takes an hour. So if you're funny, it's, it's an easy job. But Why Broadway now though? Because I've, I fell in love with acting and Broadway. I never was into, you know, I just thought it was all like cats, Les m and all of that. Like, I didn't understand any of that. And, but in the late nineties 2000, I saw True West with John C. Reilly and rest of Soul Philip Seymour Hoffman. And it wasn't a musical. And I, And I watched it And I was like, wow, it was electrifying. I was like, this is amazing. I would love to do that. And I had started to take some acting classes, you know, for about five years at that point. I just sort of, you know, the way the business used to be was like standup led to acting back when you got paid to be an actor as opposed to now I don't know what's going on.


Yeah. So I just started taking acting classes. I don't know, I don't know how most of this stuff has happened in my career. And somehow I, I ended up on this thing, which is crazy. And we've done three preview shows, which is funny. They act like they don't count until the premiere. But it's like people paid like these count. But it's a great cast of people and everybody's been killing it. So been fun. All Right. We got more with Bill Burr when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Jess. Hilarious. And Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Bill Burr. Lauren In the opening of your special, when you walking on, on stage, you talk about how comedy is like, kinda like your safe space or whatever because you've, you didn't You I never said safe space. It's my summation of it. Okay, you're woke.


You're woke. This is so woke space. I Was, You're so woke That you I was surprised guys. What did you say? Because whatever it was, I was surprised to hear you saying, because you said something about like, you didn't know how much you wanted people to like you. Oh Yeah. I thought I did And I was confused. I'm like, really? Yeah. Well I thought I did stand up because I liked comedy. That's what I thought. But I didn't. And through taking mushrooms and figuring myself out, I realized that the reason why I did comedy, aside from I like making people laugh and that's how I connected with them. It was this way to go on stage and make a room full of strangers like you so they wouldn't hurt you. Yeah. And I was, so that was kind of like, you know, That's Acra, I, I just was surprised to hear you say that 'cause this other stuff you say, I'm like, you know, people are gonna dislike you for that, but you still say it.


So How did, well that probably has to do with not getting love. And then when you grow up, then you push it away or something. Or not feeling worthy of it. Low self-esteem. There's a lot of stuff in there. I gotta take some more mushrooms to figure that part of it up. But you do a lot of plant-based medicines. No, I just, I don't know what I do. I've only done mushrooms like three or four times. And what I like about it, it's the only drug I've ever done that didn't make me want to do it again The next day it made me wanna like, work on myself and try to be not such an As. And has it worked? Yeah, it has. It's, I'm not gonna get into it, but confronted a lot of stuff that happened to me that made me become a comedian or have the need to do it. And then it made me understand my wife more and what it was like to be with me.


'cause you know what, Emini here, if you grow up in a crazy environment, your idea of not crazy is just less crazy than the crazy you grew up with. Yeah. But if everybody, if you get with somebody that had a regular happy childhood, whatever that is, you think you're being chill and your chill is a raving lunatic to them.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just start in your field or even look at the switch things up. Add, find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


Have you seen this new commercial from standup to all Hate? It's Snoop Dogg and Tom Brady spewing hate at each other. But when you really listen to them, the reasons are just so stupid. This one really stop me. It's a strong reminder that hate in our country continues to be out of control. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out and learn more by following at what's up with hate.


This is Jenny Garth from I Do Part Two. If you could lose 10.4 pounds in one month, would you try with future health? You can. Future Health gives millions access to affordable weight loss meds for less than three bucks a day. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Results vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise and program goals. Data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


And then that becomes the most difficult thing I think as a human being is empathy. Get outta me and listen to you. What are you saying? And then, you know, admitting you're wrong. Okay, you're right. That's hurting you. I'm acknowledging that blah, blah, blah. Like that's the type of stuff I got out of taking mushrooms over is Figuring yourself out. Good for entertainment. Meaning like when you are A person? A hundred percent. Okay. One of the biggest myths okay as a comedian is if you get happy, you're not gonna be funny anymore. It it is, it breathes all new life into you and you can reexamine all of these topics that you've talked coming from a different perspective, being happy. Also, you can maybe do standup for the crowd instead of yourself. Wow. 'cause now you're happy. It's like, hey, let me make them happy for an hour.


Like they're that man you makes you more empathetic. You can relate to people even if you haven't gone through what they've gone through, you understand that they're going through something. So if they do yell at you, rather than taking it personal, you can come at 'em from a different angle, which is my favorite thing to do, is to just, just not take it personally and try to figure out where it came from and get them to laugh about themselves to realize that what they yelled at me had nothing to do with me. It had to do with what happened to them on Tuesday or, or, or when I don know years ago or something like that. So, So when you look at your old stuff, do you feel like you was just projecting, like you was just projecting your anger or whatever it was you Yeah, I was a, I don't know when I, when I don't watch my old stuff, but if I was to watch it, it would make me cringe or anything.


I would just sort of look at it more like, you know, that's where I was. You know, a lot of the stuff that I said about women had really nothing to do with women. It had to do with the fact that I wanted to be married and wanted to have kids. I didn't know how to do it. I was too walled off. That's like a really heavy thing to try to figure out in your twenties, Emini here. Oh, whatever. I didn't have the maturity to do that. So what I did was I lashed out at what I wanted instead and blamed them because that's way easier than trying to figure out yourself maybe. I don't know. I would probably cringe at some of the that I said Because I, I've heard comedians say I, because, you know, I, I go, I'm a big proponent of therapy, but I've heard a lot of comedians, I'll never go to therapy because, you know, I I I need this trauma. Like, Do you Well that's just where they are. I hope they get to the 'cause it's just like, all right, so you want to be upset your whole life.


You get one life. I don't believe in reincarnation. You get one life. It's like you could be happy, you could make other people happy, you could help them out. You could do that. Or you could just go around, you know, taking out your childhood on other people, which is what the fuck I was doing. Yeah. So do you think about dying? Because you just said Recar. Yeah, but not in a bad way. I don't, I don't believe in an angry God And I don't believe that he's gonna judge me. It's like, you made me, did I? Well that's your mistake, Jesus. Yeah. Well like I always equate if I built a car and it doesn't start up Emini here, I'm gonna get mad at the engine. Yeah, Yeah. But if you tell a, we put this type of gas in it and somebody puts something else in it and it s up not the builder's fault, not Put, okay. So that, that's the devil analogy. Is that the devil analogy?


No, I'm just talking. It's like my thing is Just, just just talking. You just went Reverse Henry Hill. I'm just listening. I'm just talking. I'm just, just, Just Wanna hear the sound of my voice. It's, It's soothing to me, Soothing to me to present ideas. Just talking. I do understand what you're saying though. 'cause I think about that often that we don't, I don't believe in the that that devil's Yeah. It's like that's God's creation. Yeah. You created that. Handle that. And There's a lot of things here that cause us to make poor choices. That God created. God makes sociopaths. Yeah, he makes, he makes horrible people also. But the, for some reason with religion, that's not God's responsibility. And then these horrible people do horrible to kids and stuff and it messes them up and then they gotta go out in The World and then they start being toxic or whatever.


It's, I, I believe in God, but I don't necessarily believe in a loving God. Explain that. Well then why would he make all these horrible people? People will say The devil a kingdom. It's The devil's work. What your, what's your religious background like? Are you spiritual or are you like religious? The difference is like how you practice or like are you in church often? Are you or you just have your own faith journey with whoever you priest. I don't do any of that. Okay. I just try to be a good guy. I don't know. I Emini here. I don't understand. Like even if you look at the animal world, he created all the animals too. The fact that like there's just animals out there. That their whole purpose is to be food, to be eaten alive, like fucking rabbits. It's just like the Emini here. Pathetic. The patheticness of being a rabbit.


That means God was thinking about us are his other creatures that need to eat. Explain bears. Just like, why would you make something like that? And they have an inability to kill something without starting to eat it first. Like what I like about lions and tigers and is they have the decency to kill you before they start eating you. Whereas like a bear just pounces on you and just starts ripping, ripping meat outta your back. Like lean DiCaprio. But That's only if you're in their environment. Like I know, but deer are, why did deer have to go through that death? Why can't it just kill the thing? Because Deers are the, those animals food. Like when you ask me to explain bread, I understand that. But why do they have to have such an agonizing, if there's a loving God, why would he make something that's so stupid?


It has the ability to kill something. It just starts eating it. Emini here first You want a Bible answer for that or you, or do y'all just discuss it? You got a Bible? Alright, I wanna hear, I wanna hear you. I'm open to this. So in the bible. Okay, so the Way that this, the, the story goes in the Bible is that, And Joe said the bareth shall mulli and start eating if no, especially if the deer is gay. If You never had gay beer meat, it's sweet. How's it taste? I hate this place. Bill. Burley gentleman. All right. You said you had one more question I was supposed to waiting for You said you want billionaires to be put down. Ladies and gentlemen, bill Bur Who think that That would be a controversial take Everybody Emini here put down I I, I like compassionate capitalism.


If you're a piece of person, period. Regardless of what your financial status is, we probably can do without you. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Alright. This is my impression of Bill Gates eating an Apple go in his house. Wait a minute, is this one of mine? Bill Burr, Ladies and gentlemen, drop dead years out now On Hulu. Emini here. You know what? Emini here. He's not gonna eat the food. He's making us eat. I get it. Yeah. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Is this the one one I'm giving out to babies or is this for my own orchard? Oh, is this a billionaire apple or is this just for the common people? Bill listen gentlemen, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Yes, morning Everybody. It's DJ J Envy.


Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren Becoming a straight face Off Man. She gets them from somebody that knows Somebody some, she gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything. She be having the latest on the Lord the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well what's the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk. Talk to me. Well y'all, Lizzo is back on stage. It has been years since she has performed. It's been two years and she hit the stage in Los Angeles and she talked about her mental health and not wanting to be here at one point. Let's take a listen.


My album is called Love And I named it that because about a year and a half ago I was in such a Dark Depression. I was so heartbroken by The World. I didn't want to live. I was so deeply afraid of people that I didn't want to be seen. Eventually I got over that fear announced I was walking through the crowd to get to my spot. Somebody who I didn't know looked at me and said, Lizzo, I love you. And it was a thousand people. And then it was 10,000 people showering me with love in support and reaching out and it was life saving.


And after that experience I was like, damn, you can't get this on the internet bro. This is the kind of love you can only get in real life. Yes. Period. That's what's Up. Yeah. So it is good to hear her feeling better And she Losing weight too. Back small neck. Slim Just told you that She lost a lot of weight. I didn't start, I really ain't stop paying attention till I saw her. This, I saw something she posted this week. She was in red. Yeah. Yes. The one in red. She posted this video on this red leather outfit and she was like, it is giving BBL allegations. I was like, go off list. And that's what I'm saying, it was a color fee. Sometimes they wear black because black will trick you. You know what I'm saying? But when you wear red, red pop, so you can really see the weight loss in the red. Yeah. That, nah, she just, she posted like something when she was with, she was in her underwear and the bra and she still look good.


Like she Emini here. I saw that one. But that, that was the black though. She had on black underwear and the black bra. Yeah, but it's like All her body like still yo, she, she lost a lot of weight Gain. She did she look to Lizzo drop her food bond for Lizzo? Absolutely. People always forget that these artists are regular people. Right. Because they put their art out there and they put their life out there and people joke, they laugh, make fun and people hurt. I'm glad she's getting the love that she needed. Oh, They wasn't joking her art, they was joking her weight. That was the joke about little. Okay. Maybe, maybe The Weight. The weight thing. She also had the lawsuit stuff happening. Yeah Man, there's a lot going on. They suing her 'cause they said she called her fat. She was fat too. That's what I'm saying was calling her her fat back. Like, man, it All come back to the fact y'all, she, you know what I'm saying? It was a big lawsuit. But that's But now, now she losing the weight.


She ain't nothing to talk about now. Now what gonna say You want her back off the stage again? Obviously. 'cause leave her alone. She just got out of it. Here you go. I'm, this is support Whatcha talking about? What gonna say about her now? Nothing. I ain't said nothing before we, we told you she looked good. You had to see it in red. But anyway. Literally. But anyway, switching gears, sending a congratulations to Normani and DK Metcalf who are now engaged. Ooh. Dropping a co bomb for them. A feeling. Lauren on that field. What happened? That Don't say that. Don't say that. Lauren will feel that way. Lauren don't, don't even feed into it again. Keep going Lauren. Don't feed into It. I don I'm staying focused because I, you know what Emini here, I'm staying focused. 'cause the general That's right. All right.


So they got engaged. He says that their families were together in Houston. So he thought it was the perfect time. He actually said that he'd been trying to propose to her for over a year. But because of their schedules with her performing and him doing his thing, it didn't happen. And he wanted to make sure the family's together were together when he did it. So the way he did it was he sent her like flowers like repeatedly and each time she received the flowers, it had like a story in it. And the last bouquet that he sent her the card read, will you marry me? She said yes. And now they are engaged, which is congrats. I love that. So amazing. That's a good man ny, that's, I love, Love a thoughtful engagement. So I'm telling you brothers, when you do your engagement, you gotta go all out because that's the story story that she going to tell in the future for the rest of her life. Yes man, you gotta make it good.


And they're a beautiful black couple. They just look good together. Normani is a, a smoke shell herself, but like yo, she look good next to yo. So that's what's Up. Yeah. And Russell Wilson who introduced them, posted about it. They were on FaceTime, Russell Sierra and Normani and, and DK and Russell said, I knew that when we introduced y'all three years ago, love was truly in the air. Now y'all gonna be booed up forever. This was the best news. So yes. Mm. They need to reboot love connection and let Russell Wilson host it then. Because you know, Russell and Sierra got the relationship that everybody be liking. Right. And now he can making love connections like this. Yeah, You should figure that out. You like MTV and stuff? Nah, I don't wanna do that, but I just think that's a good idea for somebody to do.


Yeah. Somebody like him. Yes. Actually that'd be fire. Look at us. Okay. Russell. Hey Lauren. You're you're, you're gorgeous. It'll be easy. It'll be Easy. Y'all gotta stop very Hard. You Jess, he be in here hating. Yo, I don't be Hating. I'm Seen he be in, in effect that you, you know, you give young brandy with the pie face. Young National face Go. She go. I heard you say Monica too. I don't see no damn Monica. I don't see Brandy And I don't see Monica. Okay. Who? And I don't see Lauren London either. Can we talk about it please? Because that was Look like Lauren said that. No I did not. She not about It because It's been bothering me since we started this segment. Just now quiet. You be quiet. Come on. You gotta relax. Now. 15, 20 minutes ago, Lauren was in this room trying to convince me that she looked like Brandy Monica and Lauren London.


I did not say Monica London. I said people used to call me Lauren London because my name was Lauren and she was Oh What people And the lls a lot of people because Lauren, la Lauren, Come on we not doing this again. And how You look like Brandi and Monica? I Don't know. Ask the people. Jesus Christ. I don't speak other. Look. Well look, well look, if you say you look like Morris Chestnut, she could look like whoever she wants to. No. 'cause we all, I know That that's, I don't say that other people say That you like the as. Nobody Says That. But you trying to figure out how she look. I ain't never heard nobody say I look like Brandy and Monica. The boy is yours. Just yours or just yours? Yours alone. Huh? Stupid. Stupid. Well before we wrap up, I do wanna mention, 'cause we had broke the story about who would be, they're paying their condolences to Angie Stone.


So her funeral today will take place in Atlanta and it will be live streamed. So the word family, the church, they have a live stream. There's several live streams that are available for people who are not able to make it in person. So I just wanted to make sure that people knew that that was happening today. The homegrown services begin at 11:00 AM today in Atlanta. Atlanta. So sending, you know, her family, her friends, the fans, that'll come out some comfort as well. And another rest in peace to her. Yeah, Absolutely. Rest in peace to Angie Stone, man sending healing energy to all her family. When's this funeral on the 8 0 3 tomorrow? Yeah, so today is Atlanta and then tomorrow is the private ceremony with her family and friends in South Carolina. South Carolina. Yeah.


All right, well that is the latest with Lauren. Thank you Lauren. You are welcome. Or alright now when we come back, Charlamagne. Oh, shut up. Charlamagne. We giving that donkey too Hater. Release it. God, do your thing. After the or after the hour is going to Chuck Schumer. We need him. We need him to come to the front of the congregation. We'd like to have a word with him please. Okay. All right. Well we do that when we come back. Don't go anywhere then Tank will be joining us. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are checking out The Breakfast Club. This is a miracle. There is no question that there are problems in this country between police and community. Yes, you are a donkey.


The latest on that police killing of a black man. Now the new developments in the Deadly Spa shooting Rampage. Man, yesterday was a really bad day for him and this is what he did. And so we are in a state of emergency. Okay? White supremacist violence is, it always has been the number one threat to our society. But I'm also very proud that my wife is White. White. The Breakfast Club bitches. Please tell me why was I your Donkey of the Day? Yes, donkey today for Friday, March 14th called the Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the minority leader who broke with his party, the Democrats on Thursday and signaled that he will clear the way for a Republican spending Bill, let's go to Fox 40 for the report, please. I believe it is my job to make the best choice for the country to minimize the harms to the American people.


Therefore, I will vote to keep the government open and not shut it down. Schumer is only the second Senate Democrat to state definitively his intention to vote to advance the GOP written spending bill. But it's likely he'll give the political cover to other Democrats. Still, Schumer admits he agrees on principle with his fellow Dems that the bill is far from ideal. While the CR bill is very bad, the potential for a shutdown has consequences for America that are much, much worse. Schumer argued that a shutdown would leave veterans without critical services and could empower Trump to lay off more staff at the Social Security Administration hurting seniors and people with disabilities.


It is not a clean cr, it is deeply partisan. It doesn't address far too many of this country's needs. But I believe allowing Donald Trump to take even more, even much more power via a government shutdown is a far worse option. Now, I don't know what happened between Wednesday and Thursday because on Wednesday, Chuck Schumer said he wouldn't do that. He said Senate Democrats would not provide the votes needed for Republicans to advance the House, approved deal to fund the government through September. In fact, Schumer proposed a one month stopgap measure to allow time to negotiate. And that's what you should do if you think a bill is terrible negotiate. By the way, I'm not saying the Republican bill is bad, Chuck Schumer said that.


Let's listen to him again. Say it. Listen, There is nobody in The World, nobody who wants to shut the government down more than Donald Trump and more than Elon Musk. While the CR bill is very bad, the potential for a shutdown has consequences for America that are much, much worse. Oh, Chuck Schumer. Oh, Democrats, the party of inaction. Oh, that's the difference between Democrats and Republicans. One party is about inaction and one party is about all action. Okay? Even if that action is harmful to the country, doesn't matter. They are always doing something. Republicans have an agenda, they have a plan, and they stick together all of them to execute that plan. It doesn't matter if Republicans go at each other in the media, disagree with each other because when, when it comes time to vote, they all fall in line.


Okay? They get things done. Democrats do not do this. And this is just the latest example, per usual, the party of in action, the Democrats have failed to protect or even attempt to fight for the interests of the American people. I know dims don't have much leverage, but dammit, if you got some, use it. Okay. Salute to the good sister. Former, former Ohio State Senator Nina Turner. I saw her post something last night on Instagram that I completely agree with. She said, And I quote, as Republicans hold a trifecta, which means they control all branches of government. It was their party's responsibility to pass a budget and get the votes to keep government running. Not the Democratic Party end quote. Nevermind that the bill is terrible. Chuck Schumann, you said the bill is very bad.


You said the Republican bill is a terrible option. You said it's not clean. You said it's deeply partisan and the most important part, it doesn't address the country's needs. So on one hand, the government shuts down and the other hand a terrible bill passes that that doesn't address the country's needs. So it sounds to me like regardless of how this goes working, class Americans get screwed. Typical. Okay? Democrats get pushed around and bullied into doing the Republicans bidding. Typical. So in the words of DMX, here we go again. Listen, since 2019, I've been getting on this radio and telling you that Democrats suck at messaging. I wrote about it in my third book. Get Honest or Die Line. Okay? But the reason Dem suck at messaging is simply because they have nothing to talk about.


Okay? They ain't talking about nothing. What they talking about? What they talking about? They ain't talking about nothing because they have nothing to talk about. No identity, no plan, no backbone. Republicans are the bullies. Democrats are the cowards. And that's the story. Okay? But listen, in order to change the messaging, you gotta change the people in the party. They will always and forever continue to have a messaging problem. Because Democrats have a leadership problem and time for the Chuck Schumers of The World, the Hakeem Jeffries of The World, to step down, go away. We need people in those positions willing to fight. Not only should Chuck Schumer and Hakeem Jeff, step down any Democrat who isn't fighting for the people and standing with the party should be primary.


Okay? We the people have zero confidence in democratic leadership, all right? People will continue to have zero confidence in Democrats until we get some new Democrats. Okay? Don't talk to me about midterms, don't talk to me about 2028. Because the reality is what's the point of voting for the type of Democrats that will continue to do nothing? All right? We need to get rid of what we got and bring something new in. I don't want any more cowardly Democrats who are beholden to the corporate dollar because when you are beholden to the corporate dollar, you are beholding the corporate interest and not the interest of the people. Chuck Schumer, if you know a bill is terrible, okay? If you know this bill doesn't serve the best interest of the people, what are you voting for it for?


Okay? You're not even gonna try to put up a fight when it comes to budget negotiations. You're not even gonna try to negotiate. Chuck Schumer thinks that by 2026 Republicans will be so unpopular because of the policies they've implemented and because the economy is so bad that people will just come running back to Democrats. But does he not realize that folks will remember that you too, Chuck voted for these bills. Hey, maybe that, maybe Chuck Schumann doesn't really think this bill is terrible. Maybe he likes the bill. He just doesn't have the nuts to say, Hey, I actually like the bill and I'm voting for it because it's good And I like it. I would respect that because I don't care what party does what, I just want things to get done. So America can benefit. But once again, because since everyone is playing politics, it simply looks like one party.


Republicans is about action and the other party Democrats is not. So what reason do I have to continue to support the party of inaction? That narrative will not change for Democrats until the people in the Democratic party are changed. Please give Senator Chuck Schumer the biggest. He haw A Alright, you Gotta be, you have to be a Republican. When you gonna come out and Just say I'm a Republican. What that gotta do with being a Republican? Anything I Just say, Just say, I have to Do with being a Republican, itching on Democrat. Like I'm earlier the day you was like, what's the point of voting for them? So it's like, Well, if I, if I, if I vote for a party And I support a party And I expect the party to go in there and fight for me, And I voted for them and fight for the American people, you damn right, I'm gonna be on their ass.


No, what I'm saying, like you like can't stand these people like you literally By Hate these people. Like this is Crazy. Nah, he buy, he going on Republicans and he going to Democrats. He buy, he going on everybody equal opportun. I do, I do hate people who are not fighting for the American people, but claim to be fighting for the American people. You're absolutely right. I know. I'm telling you, you are a gay Republican. That is who you are. No, I'm not. I'm not Republican or Democrat. I'm in a American And I want the best for the American people. So if this man, Chuck Schumer is telling me that this bill is terrible, and just yesterday he said he wouldn't vote for it, but today he's flip-flopping, yes, I'm on his ass.


And I will say, yeah, now you are on everybody's ass. You are right. You're a gay Republican. You, you, you stay on anybody's ass. Whether it's Republican, whether it's Democrat, whether it's independent. People always hear you talk about Democrats more, But I'm gonna tell you when people yeah, You're equal opportunist when it comes, comes to it, when Say that I'm say people gonna think I'm really a Republican when I take ice up on this offer And I go on this ride along with them And I show up to your house And I point to your house And I say, that's where the illegals are, sir. Now that's what the Illegals are, By the way, by the way, you know what, I'm gonna put cases on both of y'all mother efforts. Mm. Okay. DJ and Jeff. Hilarious. Yeah, I can see you right there. Now the sassy point too, like yes, she said I'm a gay republic, Right there up.


Yes. Her family is Mexican in there. Yes, That's right. Jesus Christ. Crazy. All right. All right, well thank you for that donkey today when we come back, tank will be joining us RB Singer Tank. He's on Broadway. He's performing in Alicia Keys Broadway play. It's called Hell's Kitchen. And we'll talk to him next. It don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Laura LaRosa filling in for Jess. We got a special guest in the building. Yes, indeed. Seem like you're trying to take our job doing all these interviews and stuff. Ladies and gentlemen, we have RB Singer Tank Tank. I'm not trying to take your job. You're Doing a phenomenal job.


Are Guess you Are. I'm just catering to my people. I'm making sure that my community has a place to go, that the conversation is bridged from the old to the new. I Love it. You know what I love about the Army Money podcast? There's always so many hip hop podcasts and you know, the hip, the, the rappers got a place to go. The OG rappers got a place to go r and b money has created that space for the RB world. I love it. And now the r and b Music Awards. Oh, I didn't know about that. Tell us about it. What do you mean? You guys have a, a dedicated hip hop, not you hip hop has a dedicated award show. Right? Whereas the r and b dedicated award show so that we can cover the entire gambit of r and b, r and b is so many things.


It's so vast. You can't cover it in two to three categories at some award show and think that that's going to do it all justice. Oh, I wanna hear about this now that's, that's coming out. You Creating this, I wanna know the category. Tell us that as a, as a r and b icon like you are. What are the categories of RB? 'cause all we think is r and b, Let's go soul. You get into the songwriter aspect of it, the producer aspect of it, even the performance aspect of it. You know? Yes. All of these things are so different. Like a Jill Scott is way different from Summer Walker. From a summer walker. You know what Emini here, it's way different.


A a Calvin Richardson is way different from Chris Brown, right? You know what Emini here. And so how do we create these tier and levels to where all of the nuances of r and b can be recognized? Gimme an example of Progressive. Oh, CCB is progressive. Okay. Okay. Completely got, got you. Like he's He's the current state of r and b music. Got you. You know what Emini here, even if even if we wanna say what, what Drake and Party just did, you know what Emini here, that's very progressive r and b, you know what Emini here. Gotcha. If you want to say what is more traditional, I'm more in the middle of a traditional progressive r and b artist because I can do a record with Chris Brown, but you know, I can also do a record with God, rester Stone, an Angie Stone. See I like the traditional And I said that when the Party and Drake album dropped, I was like, that ain't for me.


And they was like, well you, you know, it is for the ladies because it's RB. I'm like, no guys like RBI just don't like that type of RB. Exactly. Exactly. There there there's a difference. And so we have not had the conversation about all of these things together. We Just say Best r and b album. And then you got Chris Brown in the same category with Robert Glasper. It's like, how do you do that? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. How do you do that? We're not all just one thing. So when are, when are you doing is, is it thought out to that where it's gonna happen or It's it's been, it's it's, it's been, it works. Great conversations. You know what Emini here, me and my brother Jay Valentine, we have, we've actually had this conversation with Jesse Collins and so, you know, all of this, what I'm doing right now is just kind of creating the anticipation and the desire and hopefully the enough comments will come and people will see the value because that's where it starts.


People have to see the value in, in what we do in order to create this next level platform. Well, don't leave Black Effect and iHeart out the conversation, you know, iHeart knowing to put together a good award show. Well, What do you wanna do? I wanna help with the RB Money award show. That'd be fantastic. There you go. Done How, I wanna know, how is it for you, right? Knowing all these RB stories, right? And I'm watching your podcast And I know you know the answers, but some of these times it hasn't been put out there and you're just feeding the person, right? Like I look at Steven Hill with the Chris Brown situation. Yeah. You're leading him because you knew what happened. But making him explain the story was amazing. I didn't know what happened. Really. I didn't even know he was part of it. I knew from Chris's side that they had got him all the way to the point of where it was about to happen.


It was about to happen and then pulled the rug out from under him. Mm. I didn't know the intimate details and who all was involved. Mm. And hearing Steve, like Steven is like, you know, he loves, he loves in that. Yeah. He loves it. He felt like he was getting ready to create one of the most iconic moments of all times. And he was looking For that rehearsal. Jesus. Oh, he was. He was. And it hurt him that now he, you know, has to go back and tell CB that it's not happening. You know what, Emini here, like that, that crushed him more than anything. And he was like, man, if you could ever talk to him, just let him know. I I love him. I want, you know, I wanted that for him. I just, they pulled it from me.


Nothing I could do. I Was gonna ask, did you put them on the phone after that? 'cause he said in your interview that they hadn't, he hadn't gotten a chance. Well, he wanted to see 'em in person to apologize and stuff like that. So Out. No, we didn't, we didn't get a chance to make that happen. Oh, okay. But, but I'd love to make that happen for Him. Another one of my favorite RB money podcasts recently was the La Reed episode. Woohoo. Like, he, he really sparked the, a real conversation. And it, it just had me thinking about, yes, you need, you need black boutique, everything. You need that. We need to be able to operate the way we operate. Just let us do what we do. Like even with what you guys do, you guys do what you do, which is why it is what it's, there's nobody micromanaging or policing you.


You get your paycheck, whatever that is, but it's because of how you do your thing. Nobody's interrupting that. Which is why it's what, how many years in the making? 15, 15 years, man. Jesus Christ. Yeah.


Imagine if you had no control of that. You know what Emini here imagine, imagine you being subject to somebody else's ideas, somebody else's, and then The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like Intelligent All-Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent All Wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Have you seen this new commercial from standup to all Hate? It's Snoop Dogg and Tom Brady spewing hate at each other. But when you really listen to them. The reasons are just so stupid. This one really stopped me. It's a strong reminder that hate in our country continues to be out of control. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out and learn more by following at what's Up With Hate.


This is Ashley Ti from the Ben and Ashley I almost, same as podcast. You could have lost 10 pounds already if you already started one month ago. So are you ready to start today? Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Try Fh.com. Results vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise and program goals. Database on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


You lose with that. That hurts worse than anything I lost listening to you. Nah, nah. I'm gonna go down with me. Word. I'm gonna go down with me. And that's what we've lost. We've lost the people that have done it from, from here. I just believe, like think about DeAngelo's Untitled. If somebody just doesn't say, ah, I just, I just feel like this is different. They never get to the third single, which is a life-changing record. We don't have that no more. Our analytics say we're losing here. We're done. We're gonna move on. Right. Well was it how, how did it feel? Wasn't the third single was it? How does it feel with the third single, the but Naked video was the third single.


Wow. I did not know that. How do we Not get to That? I did not know That. One of the greatest songs. Wow. Of all times. I did not know that. Wow. You know what, Emini here. Yeah. Genuine. So anxious. If Joe Mo doesn't say, we gotta get to this one, we gotta get to this one. This one right here is gonna change it. Trust me. Maybe I Deserve was my second single. Wow. If we were just going off of first singles, I'm not gonna name the first song I had out, but I was dancing and flipping and blowing up. Yeah. It would take for a second. Yeah, I remember because, 'cause I remember, maybe I deserved, I shouldn't have brought that up When you said it. I just heard the song. Like Freaky No, maybe I Heard I sing Loud. Yeah.


My first single was called Freaky. Freaky. Oh, okay. And it almost destroyed my career before it even started the label, the label picked it. But I was very excited about it as well. When I googled it, it said a song many have missed is his actual first single freaky, which came out first and has pretty much become obscure today. Obscure God damn. When's the last time you performed that? Never. I was performing the song. I was on promo tour Fort Valley State Homecoming and I'm, you know, I'm coming out. I got my freaky interlude, you know, they want to get freaky. And then the song starts and like right in the middle of the first hook, these two little cute girls in the first row was like whack.


I was like, and this was in the dat tape era, so I couldn't stop it. Exactly. You had to let it go all the Way through the whole song. Damn. And I sweated the rest of the song And I never sang that song again. Damn. I said, don't put it on the album. Erase it. Get rid of this song. And we did a hard turn cut. The single went to maybe I Deserve, thank God. Wow. The rest is history. Rest is history. All we got more with Tank when we come back, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the Guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking in with Tank Charlamagne. Why Broadway right now? Because you are featured in Alicia Keys.


Hell's Kitchen. Why? And it's timing, bro. Because for me, 2025 was the hard pivot into acting. You know, the music thing has been so much of my bread and butter and so much of my focus for so long. I was like, I gotta get to the other thing that I love. And Charlie Macca had always been telling me, bro, you're gonna have to make a hard pivot in order to really do it the right way. And I was like, okay, I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. And with 2025 coming in the way that it did and having a free moment and opportunity, I'd always heard horror stories about Broadway. You know what Emini here, just in terms of the workload. Yeah. And The pay, The pay, the facility, all of that. And I was like, yeah, I probably never do Broadway.


And then I get, you know, we get this call from Alicia, like, Hey, Alicia's looking for you to do in those kids. I'm like, what? And I'm like, you know, the name Alicia Keys is already like, that's interesting. Gotta at least see what that's about. Right. And so he sent some papers over for me to look at and I'm like, okay. I'm looking at it, I'm like, all right, I'll go see, you know what Emini here, just out of respect for that name itself. And so You went to go watch the play before you? Absolutely. Okay. So you saw when Brandon VV Dixon was playing Ab Well he was, he wasn't there. Alright. All right. His, his sub was in Got you. Gotcha. Who's, who's, who's, who's dope as well. And, And I watched a play And I fell in love with it.


And the next day was actually my walk-in audition. And so I kind of knew where I needed to be and, And I, at that point it was just like, I think it's time. I think, I think it is, it has answered the question for me. I, I, you know what Emini here, me and Lulu were talking, my manager, Lulu was talking to me. He's like, I just, it just does something different for you brother. It just does something really different. And in deliberating I was just deliberating like, is this the time to like just take a hard left and outta nowhere? Charlie Mac calls me, I haven't hadn't talked to in a minute and he's like, what's going on wrong? I'm like, nothing. Just, just chilling. He wanted to come to my Atlantic City show. I'm like, oh, I got you. Look. He said, I said, imagine question.


I got this on the table right now. And he said, what are we talking about? I said, well, I'm asking you, you, you don't need my opinion. You know what you're supposed to do. There was that. And here I am. And so, you know, when I said, I sat with Alicia the other day, learned Adam Blackstone, and she was like, tank, I just felt like it was you. Mm. She's like, I didn't know why. She's like, it was, it just, to me it just felt like it was you. And she's like, I didn't even know if you could act. And I was like, ain't you ain't seen me on Lifetime or BET, you know what I'm saying? Or TV one, I'm the Denzel of that space, you know what I'm saying? Denzel of that space. I'm the Denzel of that space. You ain't seen none of that. But she had never seen me act. And she was like, and then when I saw you in the audition, she was like, I was just blown away.


And I was like, no, that's, that's what I do. Singing is that's whatever. And so she And I went back and forth singing back and forth her, you know, singing her amazing catalog and my debut on Tuesday. And so now it's like, how tough is it? That's real. How tough is it? The rehearsals and do you have to shut everything else off and do you get time for yourself now? Because it just seems like a doesn't stop. I'm a machine so I'm a routine guy. You know what Emini here. So I'm gonna get up, help get the kids to school, do cardio, eat, go to the gym, do the second lift, go to the studio, either work on music or do pod, get back, eat dinner with the family, get some lifetime in and the next day do the same thing.


I'm a machine. I'm built like that. So Broadway schedule works perfect for who I am now eight shows a week. Crazy. That's where it get different because you know, they call it, you know, you have a, a show, a B show and a C show in terms of how you perform. I've never been able to do a b show and feel good about it. Like, because all of those people, whether it's a Wednesday or a Saturday, they spent their money to see something great. They spent their money to see somebody go all out. So I'm doing a shows from Tuesday to Sunday and we got one day off that's Monday and right back to it.


Jesus, what's your rest day like on a Monday? Like, are vocal I don resting or, oh, you don't, you Haven't done it yet. I just, I just stayed here. You just started Tuesday. So I'm gonna have my first Monday next, next Monday. What's Your plans? Nothing. Go to the gym, you know what I'm saying? Eat, eat, eat some cool food Somewhere, You know, maybe keep it with Charlemagne and, And I heart and talk about this. Let's do it on the awards. There you go. What about the family? Like, because you family Was just here. They came for the, for the, for the debut. My mom, them came up, wife Zoe Z came up and it was really, it was really, really cool Man. So 13 weeks is a long time to be away from the family. Especially if you got a routine, like you say, It's, yeah, it's, it's tougher for them than it's for me because for me I'm, you know, I'm hyperfocused I'm in it And I have something to do every day.


Something to look forward to. And so, you know, the wife is at home doing the kid thing and all that. But that's why, you know, that's what is, it's a team that's a marriage is about, she holds that down. I'm, I'm gonna hold this down, but this to me is like, was the opportunity for people in that space to understand that I'm serious about going here. You know, ke Kevin was in town the other day, so I went and, you know, saw him and chopped it up with him and he was like, I'm really, really proud of you for making this move. This says a lot about the next level of where you can go and who you can be. And so that's what I'm looking forward to. That's What is So you got shows tonight? Yeah. Oh, we gotta get Tank out here. Yeah, I'm, I'm check out Tank at Hell's Kitchen.


Appreciate, hold on. I hold on one more thing too. Saturday, April 26th is the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival. Yeah. Make. Huh? You make it Yeah's Saturday Tank and Jay Valentine are gonna be there. He's got, I'll Be there. I got one day off. That's right. Oh, That's okay. I just making sure one day. Have you, have y'all thought about what that's gonna look like? Live RB Money podcast on stage? Nope. Nope. We're thinking about it though. Yeah, because it's gotta be sexy, you know what I'm saying? You know, Y'all gonna be singing Why he gotta sing? You don't have to I a podcast ma y he sings on a podcast. Yeah. I sings a lot On the podcast. If the spirit Moves him, if, you know, if it moves me then I, I promise you I feel like Atlanta got moving A lot of things. Yeah. You know, we gotta, we gotta, we gotta figure out what that's gonna 'cause this will be, you know, this will be our first time doing it.


Like we do That your first time doing it live. Well we've done r and b Live RB Money Live the event where it's been strictly catered where it's band, dj, you know, karaoke vibes, like the really, really dope. We've done that up, up in Phoenix at Stadium with one of my guys two spot. So we've done that. But this is For people who, who like the podcast and enjoy the conversation. This Is exactly, so this is pod and conversation. So in terms of make, trying to figure out what makes ours a little different. You know what Emini here we we're still formulating that. Well


Saturday, April 26th. Third annual Black Effect. That's right. Podcast festival. Go get your tickets. Black effect.com/podcast


Festival. Make sure you check our tank in Hell's Kitchen. That's right with Alicia Keys on Broadway right now. We appreciate you brother. I'm reporting on y'all man. If y'all don't, y'all don't show up. I go to Broadway all the time. That's one of my, I enjoy Broadway. Absolutely. Okay. And when I'm not here, you know what I'm saying? I, I still want to hear somebody say, have you seen Hell's Kitchen? Did you go, did you, you know, oh maybe me. Tell Alicia and Swiss we'll meet there job And make sure you subscribe to the RB Money podcast on the black in fact iHeart Radio podcast network. That's right. It's Tank ladies and gentlemen, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club s Most Dangerous Morning Show.


The Breakfast Club Charlemagne to God. I don't know where the hell Envy and Jess went, but Lauren LaRosa is here and my niece Nila Simone is here for Pastor S. Yeah dj. Come spin. Come spin. Big Nyla. What's up guys? I'm glad you here 'cause they've been trolling me all morning man. About, well it's a well calculated strategic thing they got going on. Taylor came in here. Taylor was like just randomly Lauren you should start dressing like Brandy because you look like Brandy. What Brandy even dress like yo, Are you like slow or you just like this is how you are.


She said, I'm A Brandy dress Like said for Halloween I should be Brandy. But how is this trolling you? Because then she goes, yeah, people say I look like Brandy. And then she goes and then people say I look like Monica. So I'm just sitting there trying to mind my business because I know they want me to say something. So I had to say something. I was like, you don't look like Brandy or Monica, you look like Ray J yo now what we got today for Pastor off what we got. And then First off, shout out to St Lounge. I've been doing Ladies Night every Thursday there and this really was a vibe last night. I had kind the man in there and Callie in there. So shout out to both of them. Those are my girls. And Ken just dropped the album and my favorite record on there is called Big Stealing My Corner like Gracie or Stealing My Corner. Like Gracie, she ate that.


Yeah. Ken? No, Ken the Manhart, she dope. And how she know why she ain't popping more? Well you know she just got out of a crazy situation. So now she's independent and she's releasing music and okay Dang this is her. Dang. I thought, 'cause I remember when she got signed, I thought that was like such a good thing for her. No, well It was a good thing but just music industry is shifting and sometimes people are casualties of That. I feel like that always happens to the people that can actually do stuff. Like really rap really. Because she also like has a great aesthetic too. She Does. But I think Ken has a like strong enough fan base that's following her. So all she has to do is just keep going. She's dope. And there's this record on there with her and Callie. They're like my favorite best friend Rap girl duo called. I got questions that I really, really like. So make sure you guys definitely tune into that project.


But next time we get into Ice Wear Vil who dropped his album, I wanna say two weeks ago. But he got this record on there with Big Sean and Skill Aaba called Worth something and it's very fire Saluta Bezo. I should have put that on my picture. Just post It. It's okay, it's okay. I know you got more photos coming So make sure you I like that. It's like Worth something. It's, it's tight big. Sean gave a really good verse it. Ice verse though. I feel like was just more better. But So why you ain't play Xray verse then? Because Big Sean Is his song. Yeah, but Big Sean has, you know, a bigger name. So I just wanted to get the eyeball. That's my guy. Bezo salute the Bezo man. Detroit. What up though? Yes. Shout out to Detroit. And last but not least, I'm gonna take it back home to New York City. I have Abby Jasmine who just dropped the RB project Back home in New York.


You from New York? I'm not from New York but you Back home. Home as in we're here. Jesus Christ. Please, please, I'm certainly just think you a little slow Yo talking. I asked you a question And I think nobody here from New York, you from Delaware? Oh my God. You from Germany? Okay, I'm from South Carolina. I'm not from what makes you from somewhere? Wait, you from Germany? Okay, what, what makes you from somewhere? Well You was born and raised, But what if those are two different places? I don't know. Anyway. Well, or at least when I stay home, this artist is actually performing at the next certified vibe. It's RB night next Friday. It's Abby, Jasmine Journey, Montana. But Abby got this dope record called Uptown. What did those Latinos in the Bronx do to her? That she don't wanna go uptown no more. What happened? What? Puerto Rican man broke her heart.


You ain't lying. Yo. You ain't lying. She don't wanna go uptown no more at all. It's a duck. I don't blame her. Dang. Don't Puerto Rican. He could just be From Harlem. I told Y how crazy people in America come from the Bronx and all of Florida Felt that. Can we get a retweet over here after? Forget that. Yeah. What? But nothing to do with that. Yep. But if you guys like that record, make sure you guys pull up to r and b Night. Next Friday is Abby Jasmine Journey Montana. And you could definitely check them out on the certified Vibe. Playlist. It's on the website certified vibe.com. And then we actually are having like a rap night that focuses specifically on rappers who rap. So this isn't like no shade to anybody else, but we'll be playing like Outkast to Tribe to Reuben Vincent to j Cole to Kendrick Lyricists.


Lyricists. This is a night for Lyricism. So pull up is gonna be every other Wednesday at Alala and Bushwick. So it's a cute, it's a super dope cute spot and it's brand new. So make sure you guys pull up on me every other Wednesday. Okay, That's big Nla. Make sure you check out our podcast too. We need to talk. And then what else what? We got the podcast festival going down April 21st in Atlanta? No, That's April 26th. Oh, I'm Sorry. Okay. At Pullman Yard in Atlanta, Georgia. Okay. Yes. The third annual Black Effect podcast festival is happening. He's to the planet. So go get your tickets@blackeffect.com slash podcast Festival now NVO be up next with the People's Choice Mix. It's a prerecorded mix so he's not actually mixing live. He's not even here anymore. You don't even gotta Blow his spot up like that.


No, I do, I do because it's so stupid for him not to be here now. But then in five minutes he'll be yelling and screaming. You know what, Emini here, this is true. This is true. It's The Breakfast Club. Wake up, wake up, you're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody, it's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Salute the tank for joining us this Morning, man. Salute the tank and make sure to go check Tank out on Broadway. He's in Alicia Keys, hell's Kitchen, which is inspired by Alicia Keys Life in music. He's on, I think he's there for 13 weeks. I think it's 13 weeks. Yeah. So make sure you check Tank out there. And also make sure you check Tank and Jay Valentine out at the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival happening Saturday, April 26th in Atlanta, Georgia.


They will be there, there doing their RB Money podcast live. So go get your tickets@blackeffect.com slash podcast Festival Also. That's right. Tonight I'll be out in Milwaukee with Martin Lawrence. We're gonna be performing at the Pfizer. Ooh it was. It was, yeah Pfizer, that's what that is. You know, I'll be messing up the pronunciation of things but, and then tomorrow we out in Chicago, me and Martin as well. So get your tickets for that also. Oh no, I think they actually sold out. But next weekend I'm gonna be in Cincinnati, Ohio at the Funny Bone. That's my own show. Me and my brother Desi Alexander will be hitting stage. We got four shows And I will be doing meet and greet 'cause I ain't gotta wake up for radio Saturday or Sunday. So get your tickets@jessofficial.com or funny bone.com Cincinnati, I'll be there next week.


So you definitely gonna be in Milwaukee and Chicago with Martin. 'cause you know, last time I went to go see you and Martin, you wasn't there. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Last time I went to go see Martin, he wasn't there. So that's the thing. So yes. But yes, me and him will definitely be together tonight in Milwaukee and tomorrow in Chicago. So, Alright, well when we come back to get Positive. Oh, thank you Bill Burr. Bill Bur came on the show. Oh, bill Bur too. Yep. Yes. Make sure you meet to Bill Burr. Make sure you check out his comedy special Bill Byr drop Dead Years. It's out today on Hulu and he's gonna be on Broadway too, starting on March 31st in Glen Gary, Glen Ross it's called. Yep. Yeah, I'm, I'm gonna go check. I love Broadway so I'm gonna go check Bill Burn and Tank out on Broadway. You sound like the new thing. I like that. That's what's up.


Alright, when we come back positive notice The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. I got a salute to the 7, 5 7 this week. I'm actually being honored at Hampton University. Me and my wife, they're honoring a black family, so they are honoring us and, and all that we do. Charlemagne, don't you laugh, don't you smile. I see it in your face right now. I see it. I'm Just, I'm just trying to Why You had to say black family. Exactly. It is, They're honoring a black family. They're honoring black families. It's called, it's a black family conference and they're honoring the black family. The black is the, they can find, Pull Up. This Is, this is who's the black family? I know Gia is black, but Emini here. Yes, I'm Black Cow.


All right man. And you better stop man. 'cause people be like, oh you really black. Yes, I'm Black Emini here. A hundred percent black. You're A Dominican, but, okay. It's okay. Congratulations though. Congratulations. I, I guess I think Thanks guys. Thanks. After saying you really black. Thanks. Thanks. Yes, honor. Congratulations to Gia for holding it down. Black Family Conference. Gia. So Gia, so black. She that she make the rest of the family look black. Okay, so Luke, the Gi. Oh my goodness. Yeah. So we will be in Hampton University. So Ute to the 7, 5 7. Don't say nothing to him. So salute to the seven. Five, seven. We appreciate you guys, man. You got a Positive note. I do. Gimme Some positivity. The positive note is simple, man. It's switching your mentality from why is this happening to me?


To what is this trying to teach me is a game changer. Remember that this weekend. Don't ask yourself why is this happening to me? Ask yourself, what is this trying to teach me? It's a game changer. Have a great weekend Breakfast Club bitches. You finished or y'all done


With the best all-inclusive vacation deals to Mexico and the Caribbean. Booking your getaway with cheap Caribbean vacations means you have more freedom to do your deal. Whether you want to enjoy snorkeling, endless margaritas and more, or simply soak up the sun and sand in a tropical paradise. Cheap Caribbean Vacations has your deal for that plan and book the exact getaway you want at exactly the right price for you by using our exclusive budget Beach Finder. Or find a featured all inclusive package to Ocean by H 10 hotels and do your deal@cheapcaribbean.com.


Ever Wake up feeling lousy, knowing something is off with your body? You don't have time for guesswork, you need biome. Forget all the generic health fads. Biome doesn't tell you what you wanna hear. It tells you what's actually going on inside your body. By analyzing your gut microbiome, OME delivers a custom health plan that's as unique as your DNA. It's science, not nonsense. Want energy? What better digestion? Viome has your back. Stop trusting amateurs. Go to viome.com for a personalized gut professional. Now call Star, star Gut to get $110 off any test. That's Star. Star 4 88 to receive a link to the offer.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places to take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card.


Based on the February 20, 24 Nielsen report.


PayPal Lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the beanbag chair? Aren't we getting Emini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, yes, that's smart. Glad We can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool.