
The new year is here, and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime Video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Hey guys, it's Dr. Josie from In the Vet's office. I may be a veterinarian, but first and foremost, I'm a dog mom to three amazing pups, And I would do anything for them to live long and healthy lives. That's where Pet Tivity comes in. Pet Tivity is re-imagining pet care with a family of devices and health kits that can help you care more proactively for the pets you love. Because everyone wants their pets to live long and happy lives. Tivity health kits and smart pet products use data AI and best in class technology to learn your pet's behaviors and alert you to key changes that you can act on by equipping you with information that allows you to understand new facets of your pet's health and wellness. Tivity products can help you give your pet a voice and empower you to provide the best care possible. These products transform your pet's data into real insights about their wellbeing, giving you the peace of mind that you're going above and beyond for your pet. Visit P-E-T-I-V-I-T y.com to learn more. That's P-E-T-I-V-I-T y.com. To learn more,


This is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning Show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years. From developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with a superior lineup of in-stock SUVs, including the Adventure Ready, RAV4, and capable, affordable Corolla cross, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career. And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Good morning. USA Yo yo, yo yo yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Jess Rios. What's up? Trying your mouth so early. So remain to God. Peace to the planet is Tuesday. Good morning. How y'all feel, ADE? I feel blessed Black and highly favorite. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. Good morning. What's up Jess? You eating already? Young, Big back, but I'm Young. Big Back. It's a granola bar though. It's not really. No fat ish. So chill. All right. You can get fetish depending on how many of those you eat in one sitting. Dang. Why are you all the way in my business? Like, oh, that Bar. I don't know, baby. Big back, Big back, whatever.


Well, today on the show we have Vivic Swami joining us this morning. Yeah. You know, but Vic, he was formally of the Department of Government efficiency. Right. With, with Elon Musk and the Trump administration. And he left or got pushed out. It's only been like eight days, seven days. Yeah. Emini here. We don't know. You know, Trump rolled back these DDEI initiatives and all of a sudden the brown guy was gone. But we'll find out why this morning. Jesus. Yes. Okay. Yeah. We gonna be kicking it with Vve. All right. Now how was y'all day yesterday? Y'all did anything? Anything special? Anything at all? Yo, I Was just ha I got my truck wash. I was so happy that it's been warmer. Just a little bit warmer. So you get the Yes, but It's still cold. This is why it, it's like, it's Like it's still cold, but it's not 17 degrees.


Now Listen, if you 400 pounds and you lose a hundred, you're still fat. Okay. Right, right. Yeah, it that's true. Like, I get what you're saying. The temperature dropped a little bit, but God, Can you, can you tell your friend over there every time he goes, we have to dump it. I know. Like Dumb. Every morning he does it. Yeah. And they dump it every morning. They don't hear what he says. 'cause they have to dump it. Yeah. And Then they just told me that I, that I was using And I GGA too much. And I ain't even hear like that. That is true. Like, like dang that she's not using N Word. That she not here like that. Well, listen, here's the thing. If you know I'm saying shh, why you dumping it? Because You ain't go, Shh. You know I'm not, I've been on, I've been doing radio 26 years.


You know, I'm not saying sugar, honey, ice. Like, Just say, just think about how that know If they dump it every morning, you do it every morning. No. Stop dumping it. Stop Doing it. I'm not saying it. Okay. You know I'm not saying it. So what you dumping it, it, it is a waste of a dump. White ears hear differently. White. He's Puerto Rican. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. My bad red, my bad. It's probably because he's influenced by Eddie, who's our executive producer and Eagles fan. Stop listening to Eddie. Okay. How about that? Because I'm not saying that the, that that sugar honey it word. You Know that. Oh my goodness. Let's get the show cracking. We got front page news when we come back. Trump is supporting more people at, at an alarming rate. This is, this is crazy. Well, we don't know if it's alarming yet. 'cause we don't know if these are criminals or not.


If they're, if they're illegal and they're committing crimes, yes. If they're not, then it's alarming. Alright, well we'll get to that next. It don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Hey, good morning. Good morning DJ and the Charlamagne, the God, and just hilarious y'all all right? Yes. All right, well let's get into it. Okay. So listen, president Trump, he's joining House Republicans in Miami this week for the GOP January retreat. The event started yesterday afternoon at the Trump National Doral Club Golf Club, and runs through tomorrow Wednesday. President Trump joined house speaker Mike Johnson for a dinner and reception on Monday evening around 7:00 PM where the president addressed the House Republicans annual policy retreat on various topics like his first week in office, recognizing only the male and female genders, his rollback of diversity, equity inclusion initiatives, and the weapons weaponization of government.


Let's hear more from President Trump. Past seven days, my administration has been moving with urgency and historic speed to reverse every single disaster of the Biden administration. By the way, the guy was a disaster. Okay. You know, we want to be nice. All of the lawless diversity, equity and inclusion nonsense policies across the government and all across the private sector and the military. And I also signed an order to end the weaponization of our government against the American people and investigate all abuses of power. Yeah. So he also spoke about the Paris Accord and you know, retreating from that.


He taught, he touted his team's work saying since taking office, including he has raised a lot of money for the next election that he assumes he can't use for himself. He credit his success during the 2024 election to TikTok saying he became a little more jaded towards the app. But we'll now see what happens. He also mocked the idea of, of course, of multiple genders. As you heard in the audio, well, earlier in the audio, he will say something like, people like having seven genders. And he made sure that there were only two genders to recognize male and female. And, you know, jokingly saying, oh wow, that was a tough one. And, and saying, you know, of course they've got some weird stuff going on. So Trump is just not in, in favor of any of that.


And he also turned his attention to immigration where he said the country is moving forward very fast in regards to what's happening with immigration reform. And I'm sure you guys have talked about it, we've talked about it all week with those ice roundups. What we thought, just A quick, quick question, just to clear, just to be clear. So I know six months ago, if you didn't use the proper terms to identify agenda, you could be called to human resources and you could be fired, right? Yeah. So now those terms out the window. Well, We still think that you identify as a woman, so it's okay. I'm Not talking about call you a bitch, it's okay. Oh, because Oh, because He is in executive order. What happens is, oh my God, he's an ass. Right? I just ask a real question. He goes, what? No, go ahead, Mark, I'm listening it to you. Jesus. Because he issued an executive order.


It does not make it absolute law, but it does change his things. It does change the scope of things. So if you are working in federal government, then that is true Emini here, he, you probably going to have to heed to those rules sooner than someone who's in the private sector. Gotcha. What does that mean if a trans woman says something to me? I say, I I I got response, sir. Or what? Like what are you talking about? Yeah. Well if you're in the private sector, you, you should probably still say ma'am, but if you're in the federal sector, then you know it's gonna be probably case by case and they will probably deal with that. So he just, you just misidentified me. You called me a woman and I'm A man. So you misidentify me. No, I called you a bitch. Difference. Difference. That's a total difference. Did continue. Alright. Yes. So later today, house speaker Mike Johnson and committee chairs will continue conducting breakout sessions as Republicans look to package the Trump administration's top priorities in one single bill that covers immigration, energy and all the things.


You know, Trump just wants one single bill. But yesterday Speaker Johnson addressed house GOP members ahead of President Trump saying he feels like the US is entering a new era of government. He also expects the US to handle deportation flight negotiations, how they did over the weekend with Columbia. I'll get into that more, but let's hear from Speaker Johnson. When the president says he wants to make the government more efficient and effective, and we say we wanna limit the size and scope of government, it means that everything is on the table for reevaluation. President Trump, will you seen, he will have a heavy hand and we will support him on that regardless of who stands up against it. So in case you missed it, Columbia is sending two government planes to pick up migrants who were set to take military flights originally.


Now there were some planes rejected in Columbia and Mexico with migrants on it. And yeah, Trump, he was reel in his head. He was like, oh nah. So basically this comes after the Columbia government and President Trump have agreed to terms to, after threatening tariffs in a statement, the White House said that the country agreed to terms that include the unrestricted acceptance of all illegal aliens from Columbia returned from the United States. The statement also said that drafted actions on tariffs and sanctions would be held in reserve and not signed unless Columbia fails to honor this agreement. Now, Trump threatened retaliatory measures after Columbia first denied entry to those pair of US military deportation flights.


So he stood Trump, Trump Started a trade. He he started a trade war on day six. He should, he sure did and won though. He, he did win. They backed down. He moving those migrants out and making sure that when they land they can land. So that's a whole thing. So, but yeah, You, you know, the, the interesting thing about this, just remember everything Trump is doing, America gave him the power to do. That's right. He was voted in his president and he has full control of government, all three branches of government. So everything he's doing, he pretty much has a constitutional right to do. Yes. And if not, then you know, it's a, it's a matter of precedent and figuring it out through the courts and all of these things. And by the time you probably get to an answer, well his presidency may be over. So, you know, you know how the courts move.


I don't know yesterday at that, at that, that that House Republican's annual policy retreat, he was talking about a third term. Yeah, I heard him say something about that. And you know, that's something we was talking about in 2016. If he got back in in 2020, he probably wouldn't leave. He ain't trying to leave. Ah, it seems like he and he didn't try to leave in 2020. It's not like he just walked out. Nah. Yeah, you're right. Damn near enforce an insurrection on January 6th. That's right. So, you know, I'm just saying that, you know, four years from from now, don't just jump out the window and say he's gonna just walk out. No, I don't know. Hey, we Should, we should, we should take his jokes for, for real, real face value. Yeah. Alright, so that's your front page news for 6:00 AM at 7:00 AM We'll continue to talk about the legislative session, immigration raids across the country and, and more.


Alright and shout and salute to everybody out in LA We're still praying for you. I know you recently had the, the mudslides, but I I, I heard this morning on the news that they're actually allowing people to go to their house today. Today is the first day that during the daylight hours they can actually go to whatever's left of their house so they can go and, and see if, if their house is still up, if they have anything artifacts or anything like that. So horrible. Again, we're always praying for our, our family out on the west coast. All right, get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest.


Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with near is best. Call up next. Eight five eight five one oh five one. Not just Me, I'm with the coach of feeling. Hello, who's this? Pepsi Joe. Good morning. DJ NB Breakfast Club. What's up Pepsi, Joe, good morning. Get it off your chest. I need to Get off to my chest man. Just trying to rent the apartment in New York City. Seems like a whole game. I've put all my stuff in storage. They want a credit check. I've been provided everything and it still seems like I'm jumping through hoops And I was so tired of sleeping on couches, man. Yeah. New York City is when my daughter went to NYU it was so difficult to find her a place and find her a place that was pretty affordable.


'cause it's so expensive. I would just advise, bro. Why don't you go to the outer Boroughs jersey? Just, you know, take the, the path train in or Emini here, you Queens or Brooklyn. I'm looking, I'm looking into like Westchester just 'cause I'm, I'm trying to avoid all these tolls, you know, these New York, mt a tolls. Avoid all that. Just go, I'm trying to go Mount Vernon Yonkers, you know, anybody or anything? Any, can you recommend any realtor, reputable realtor? You know, that could help me. I Bet Better not. You better stand Down. Nah, I don't know anybody in, in those areas, but I would Just say just keep looking brother. But I know it's expensive, but they're saying the prices gonna start going down. But it's, it is super duper expensive. They says low inventory, but they gonna tell course those price I'm Working Joe. Yeah. And I, I work every day, you know, it's just a regular job.


You know, I just drive trucks regularly. Like this is just a theme for me to jump through this many hoops. Yeah. And I've been waiting for going on two months now. It's like, oh, come on in New York. We gotta do better than this. Nah, I don't know how to help you Joe. I'm sorry. I appreciate it. Thanks for hearing me out though. How can you use that? Actually you called us, but Yeah, he called us, but thank you bro. Answered man. Hello. Who's this? Yo, yo, this is Big Mike from Chicago. How y'all doing man? Good Morning man. Big Mike from Shy Town. What up? Get it off your chest. Hey, what's happening? Hey DJ, every y'all wanted to say, man, please tell Charlamagne to start messing with you, bro. You know what? You, you know when you were, you were in middle school and, and, and that girl hit you 'cause they like you. That's what it is. Charlemagne just really likes me and he's, he's really upset that I'm married And I'm not gay.


Well, you telling Another grown manness, I'm telling no because it's the truth. Because Trump ain't is gay. He, he flirts with me every Morning. If Trump ain't signed no executive order about this. No. Dang. And you could have said anything else like it's the truth. We just joke on each other, blah, blah, blah. He likes me. No, he likes me. He trying to manifest. He likes me. You, you wanna be beat Simone so bad. He likes you. He's trying to manifest the face. Hey, yo. You got what you wanted Big Mike. Y'all funny as hell bro. Now he funny. Yeah, that's all I wanted, man. But hey, hey Charlamagne. Yes sir. Hey, stop at 50. Stop man. For real. Stop. This man just said he liked me. You like me and you want me to stop the sissy stuff. Get it off your chest.


What Preist is that? This man just literally told The World he liked me. He loves me. He wants to be with me, but I gotta stop the sissy stuff. I didn't say you wanna be with me all, did I? Yes I did. You do. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Get off your chest. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. I'm, I'm, Hey, what doing, man? I'm calling. Yo, This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed. 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? Hello? Who's this? It's DJ J it's Frosty. Good morning. Frosty. Frosty.


What's up my guy? How are you? I'm all right. Just have four McMuffins and three hash browns. God damn. Wow. You a you a baby Big bag too. I don't sound big. It don hottest. What's that? Oh my goodness. This, This guy, this guy, this guy be in front of the radio station every day. That's right. And he, he, he came, I I I did a, a book signing with Anita Pulled last week at the, for, for the, her new book to wind on her tongue. And he pulled up. All Right. What up, frosty, you good? Yeah. Yeah. Prediction. What, who do you think is gonna win the Eagles or the Chiefs? I don't know man. I, you know, I want, I wanna see the Chiefs get the Threepeat, but I wanna see Sequan Barkley get a, a ring.


So it's both sides. I got my, I don't have no money on it, but I'm going with the Eagles, so that means the Chiefs probably going win. I don't know. Oh, who you got? Yeah, I got the Chiefs. Okay. Okay. Frosty. What's that move you do when you see us in the morning? Like you put, what's that thing you do put to your mouth? Oh, what That speciality that that Shela man likes. Oh, okay. All right. All right. The head, the head motion that Charlem man likes. I get. Dude does the basket weave to us every time he sees us walking in and he can't forget that move clearly. Goodbye Frosty. You put something up to your mouth. Alright. Goodbye. Envy is gay on the brain. Busey is not gonna listen this morning. Booy is gonna turn the radio this morning. Hello? Crazy. Hello. Who's this?


Alright, this is Donald Trump, you know, calling you guys, we're talking about the celebrities leaving America. Okay? Yes. Many are leaving you. Rosie O'Donnell's leaving. She says she's leaving because I was elected. Let me tell you, we're gonna put Rosie on the biggest boat The World has ever seen. The Titanic and Chipper off to China. Okay? Okay. All right. You Know, lots of people s that leaving. We're leaving but quite frankly it's gonna be a great 2025 great. 2025. But all these celebrities, God, you know, quite frankly It was pretty Good. You said Kirk Franklin, What You say?


Quite frankly Franklin, I like damn Kirk Franklin. I thought Kirk Franklin have faith in God. He can't just up and leave You pretty good. Are you? Are you a comedian? Absolutely. Yeah. I look comedian, I do comedy here. Okay, how can people catch your comedy Brother Instagram at crazy az comedian. Crazy K. Can you Just say, I'm Donald Trump and the only station I listen to is The Breakfast Club Go. I've Donald Trump and the only station I listen to is The Breakfast Club. Thank you. Have a good morning man. Alright. Thanks lot. You gonna get, you gonna get black? Stay black. What he say be black. I guess he said stay black. Oh.


Why you looking at me like that? I'm just listening. I wonder what people would think when they hear that. I'm saying Donald Trump calls the Breath Club and said that's the only station you listen to. Well, I'm not listening no more gait. Okay. And I know that wasn't Godfrey yo because get It. Huh? Godfrey be doing that in the comedian. He, yeah, he can sound like anybody, but he definitely can sound like Donald Trump. Oh, a hundred percent. Yes. Well get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We got just with the mess coming up. What we talking about? Yo. The Diddy documentary drop. Y'all watched it? No. Nope. Which one? It's a bunch of 'em. I know there's already five of 'em. How many, what was this one? What's new on this one? We'll talk about it next. Don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club.


Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Yep. It's The World most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club Charlemagne God, DJ Envy around here somewhere. They go just hilarious. And it's time for Jess. What the best Moore just don't do no lying. She don't, nobody Worldwide, just worldwide mess on The Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it off. Okay. So I know nobody here watched the interview but Lauren, so maybe you can phy us in on the downfall of Diddy.


I he premiered it yesterday. Yesterday last night. Yeah. So the first of all, I text y'all too. Nobody watched it. No. Nope. All righty. It's already seven of 'em. That one we are here now. Okay, so downfall of Diddy Premier on ID channel last night. It's a multi-part series that it's like a docuseries. First two episodes drop. So they get into a ton of stuff. So the first episode kind of sets up like what created this like monster that they are trying to allege that Puff is. So they open it with ma, a makeup artist that used to work for Diddy and Ca and Cassie. And she details, the first time she saw, she alleges she saw Puff put his hands on.


Cassie Let Stick, listen Puff and Cassie were dating. There was a party and she was staying at the Beverly Hills Hotel. I fall asleep on the couch 'cause I don't go out and he storms in where the, is she, I like wake up all of a sudden like a, like who? And then they go into the room, shuts the door. All I hear is get the outta here, get the outta here. He's like on a rage. He's being puff. I'm packing her stuff up. Once he leaves, I see the aftermath on Cassie. She has knots on her head, bruised eye, busted lip. It was horrific. And so all I can think of was, we need to get back to my house.


You need to get the outta here. We can't call the police, we can't go to the hospital. We are scared of Puff. Yeah. And and and those were like her account. So that makeup artist, she's speaking in the doc. But there were other accounts in different filings. And when that Cassie video came, I remember there was like the former security guard who, who came out and said he allegedly saw like Puff and, and Cassie, Dawn Richards also recollected some things. So she came out with her filing as well too. So they reiterated that a lot in the doc. But they also talked a lot about Puff's. Upbringing. Upbringing and his mom and how he was raised trying to, I guess make the point of this is how he ended up where he is Now let's take a listen to Diddy's childhood friend At an early age.


It was instilled in him that he can't be seen as weak and the only way to respond to weakness or this idea that you're being perceived as weak is to respond with force. My mother was, I guess raising me for the real world. She was always told me if somebody hit me, make sure I hit them back harder. Make sure they never hit me again. Make sure I them up. Moms made sure, listen, don't come here talking about you got beat up. Don't come here talking about somebody took something from you. I don't want to hear none of that. Go get it back. You can't come in my house until it's right. So you had to make a choice. He had to man up. So I'm gonna make more than you. I'm gonna do more. You, I'm gonna be more successful than you. So I could call the shots. I know Puff mom like boy, I wasn't talking about no damn women.


I think most parents tell their sons that like if somebody punches you, you hit him back. They wouldn't way wrong. Damn. They talked a lot in the doc too about like in this part about how his mom, you know how like I don know how y'all parents raised y'all, but like, don't come back home. Somebody don't come back home if you ain't win that fight. Like that type of vibe. Nah, don't come back home 'cause it's my house. But yeah, I can I You gonna fight him? Fight don't from fight, fight. Yeah. Don run from a fight Had me like, nah, you gonna go back until you beat her. Yeah. Don't run from a fight. But if you lose, you lose, you get back up. But yeah, you don't run from a fight. Yeah, yeah. You don't fight women. No, but you don't what I'm saying, we're talking about women. Exactly. So what I'm saying, so you Wanna talk about women? What I'm, well I said that to say that now you danging People off of the balconies though. The guys I'm saying that to say that they like, they're trying to paint him as this like violent like person who doesn't understand when to stop.


And I think that the reason why they brought this up, even though they don't say his mom told him to do that with women, is because they're beginning to paint this picture that they go into a lot in part two about how, because of who he grew to be. Like the big icon, the big, you know what Emini here, he just never knew when to stop. He, he got in these allegedly he would get in these rages and that's when things would happen. Power. Power. A lot of power. So another thing they talked about too was, and this was after he had become like puff, he, his stars growing. He has some money now. Him and Misa Hilton had some issues that people recollect in his doc too. Let's take a listen. One night Puffy decided that he didn't want Misa Hilton to go out. He got into this rage and she screamed and her parents came out.


He just grabbed the baby and he said, you're not you, you're not getting this baby, you're not having it. The father tried to talk to him. He doesn't like being talked to the, the grandmother tried to talk to him and everything. Eventually they had to call the police. Mr. Hilton. They have felt that something was really happening that she had no control over. This is her life. He was using the baby to control her. That I think scared her a lot. He was just angry and upset. He made threats. You know, he was arrested. She was one of the few people who got to understand that type of rage, who he was. There was a monster that came out of him that nobody knew about.


And I think that too for a lot of people. When I saw people and who Was that? I forget the guy's name, but it was like a, a person that was around them for some years. Like this guy, he's, he's, when you watch a doc, he's a guy with dreads. I, I'll go back and get his name for you, but he's in both parts of the docks. And he was around from the time when Didi was coming up to first deal with, with Uptown Records to everything. So he's in the dock a lot. But a big part of the conversation I saw when this part was happening was that Misa Hilton, you know, during all the time when, when the conversations first started around Puff, she was online and she was recollecting a lot of, you know, her times with him and raising kids with him. And you know, she had asked the question at one point in time when she posted this stuff, like, were you not entertained?


And I think a lot of people were saying that, you know, whether this happened or not, the conversation has always been the women that he's had kids with. What have they had to deal with and how do they deal with that? And people were basically saying like, they feel feel bad for her because she had to deal with so much so early 'cause they were so young, but She Yeah, yeah. I don't know what's true and what's not true. Yeah. But I know Diddy isn't getting any benefit of the doubt when it comes to putting hands on women because of the video we saw in the hotel. Yeah. But I, I also wonder like Emini here, these people are telling these other people's stories. I wonder how they feel. Right. I I wonder if Misa wanted to tell her own story, if she wanted this out however she wanted. Or even Cassie. If Cassie wanted her stories out, it's always hard to hear other people tell other people's story when not If that person, not if that person was a witness, if that person was a witness, that that's Story too.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey guys, it's Dr. Josie from in the Vet's office. I may be a veterinarian, but first and foremost I'm a dog mom to three amazing pups. And I would do anything for them to live long and healthy lives. That's where Pet Tivity comes in. Pet Tivity is re-imagining pet care with a family of devices and health kits that can help you care more proactively for the pets you love. Because everyone wants their pets to live long and happy lives. Pet Tivity health kits and smart pet products use data AI and best in class technology to learn your pet's behaviors and alert you to key changes that you can act on by equipping you with information that allows you to understand new facets of your pet's health and wellness. Pet TIV products can help you give your pet a voice and empower you to provide the best care possible. These products transform your pet's data into real insights about their wellbeing, giving you the peace of mind that you're going above and beyond for your pet. Visit P-E-T-I-V-I-T y.com to learn more. That's P-E-T-I-V-I-T y.com. To learn more


Consider this is a Daily news podcast. And lately the news is about a big question. How much can one guy change? Day one change? What will change look like for energy Drill, baby drill? We're gonna schools take the department education, close It, healthcare Better and less expensive. Follow coverage of a changing country. Promises made, promises kept. We're gonna keep our promises On. Consider this from NPR. Listen on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, I'm Arturo Castro and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse and so many commercials about back pain. And now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians to tell 'em a buck wild tale from across history and time. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, Joseph Gordon Levitt and Soy. Chao Titanic, Charles Manson, Alcatraz Asada Shakur, a sketchy guy named Steve. It's giving funny true crime. I love storytelling And I love you. So I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


If it's true. Yeah, I think too 'cause I know when Misa was posting stuff online, she, and could It be a thing of Shane wanna be in the documentary but she, you know, gave the, okay like audio you can talk about this situation that you was there for or Whatever. Or maybe they wanna hear it 'cause they didn't wanna be traumatized or, and relive It though. Yeah, the guy's name is Peter Noel. He's an investigative journalist that's who was talking about Misa, but he's, he's used a lot in the doc along with other journalists because these are journalists that were like around and like reporting on these things. Gotcha. There was like a a nine one one call that they talked about with Misa when she actually had to call the police in that situation. So he details all of that. But I was gonna say to your point, Jess, when Misa was posting all that stuff on Instagram, it was seeming to me as if she wanted to tell her own side of things the way she wanted it to be told.


Right? But she's never been a part of any of these docs And I don't think that we'll ever see her do that. I know one thing, all these documentaries are gonna absolutely impact Diddy's trial. Okay? Yeah, of course. I refuse to believe that a juror won't be swayed by what they hear in the court of public opinion with all of these stories. It's 19 documentaries out already. Like you said, they gonna see Wonder of 'em. You gonna see a snippet of it. You gonna see a little bit of it online. All you gonna see 50 cent Instagram something you going see. So Something. Yeah, something. Yeah. Well thank you Lauren. There's two parts And I think there's a few more coming. So, And this is not the 50 cent documentary, Correct? No, no, no. This is the invest No, this is the id. There's a lot of Puff Documentaries. One body channel. You Know this not 50 documentary because ain't no ain't no male victims in it, right? I have not heard from a male victim.


It's Gonna be a lot of butt touching the fifties documentary. I'm telling you right now, when 50 do his his Diddy documentary, it's gonna be a lot of male victims. I'm letting you know that right now. No stupid. Okay. All right. All right. Well thank you. I heard he was gonna name it. I heard Puffy touched your butt, but that's too long a title. What? That's crazy. Yeah, I heard Puffy touched Your Butt. That's when 50 was gonna name it. Oh my God. Yeah. You Ain't heard that? I did. I got sauces too. Lauren. I know you got the but sources. We know Buddy. Propose a write up. That's right. I do Butt do. That's how I get that kind of information. Oh My God. All right, thank you for just with the mess. Now when we come back we got front page news, so don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody, it's DJJ Envy.


Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Good morning Morgan. Good morning Envy, Charlamagne and Jess these morning. Yeah. Alright, so let's get into it. Immigration raid, as you guys have mentioned, we've all been talking about it. There are taking place all around the country. Country. The Trump administration has launched a social media thread showcasing what it caused the worst criminals arrested by immigration and customs enforcement. Since the president's inauguration, the White House NX thread reads that President Trump's leadership ICE agents are working tirelessly to protect our communities. Ice reported more than 950 people were arrested nationwide just yesterday alone.


The agency also said it has started what is called Target. It's calling targeted operations in Chicago. So Chicago, look out Florida lawmakers are meeting, still meeting in committees today after calling their own special session to deal with immigration policies aligned with President Trump. Senate President Ben Al Britton says he doesn't support Florida Governor Ron DeSantis proposal to create criminal penalties against law enforcement. Let's hear from Senate President Florida, Senate President Al Britain. President Trump clearly has a situation under control and is leading from the Oval Office. I wanna be careful that we don't do anything to undermine President Trump's very good plan.


I won't stand for that. I want criminal illegal immigrants to be deported efficiently and effectively. And the best way to do that is to follow the leadership of President Trump. So Florida House speaker Daniel Perez entered the chat and he called for the governor's proclamation too narrow and saying his many of his policies or proposals are bureaucratic. Now he's calling on a second special session to deal with the proposed immigration policy. Let's hear from Florida House Speaker Daniel Perez. We Do not need to duplicate the functions of US Immigration and Customs and create Emini me version of ice. We have chosen to designate the Commissioner of Agriculture to serve as the, as the State's Chief Immigration Officer who will create more badges, detain more bad guys and provide more beds.


So as mentioned in that audio, both the House be House and Senate have agreed that the Agriculture commissioner, who is Wilton Simpson in Florida, will be the state's chief Immigration Officer. I find that to be a little morbid, a little weird. But you know, agriculture commissioner, chief immigration Officer. Yeah. So that's happening in Florida. Meanwhile and elsewhere in politics, president Trump signed three executive orders yesterday to aim to reshape the nation's military. That's according to multiple reports. One of those orders will reportedly include reinstating service members with back pay for those who were discharged for refusing to take the COVID-19 vaccine. Another will ban transgender service members from serving in the US armed forces while third will ban any adverse diversity related programs in the military.


No DEI in the military anymore. So Trump first banned transgender Americans from serving in armed forces back in 2017 during his first administration and will undo former President Biden's repeal that was issued in 2021 to combat that 2017 elsewhere. Senator Lem Lindsey Graham, he's talking about the January Sixers and Trump's pardon of them. He says he doesn't approve of President Trump's decision to pardon those who participated in the January 6th riot. The South Carolina Republican told CNN State of the Union over the weekend. He's a firm backer of the president, but he doesn't think it's acceptable to pardon criminals who assaulted police officers. Let's hear more from Lindsey Graham.


I don't like this. I don't like it on either side. And I think the public doesn't like it either. I've always said that I think when you pardon people who attack police officers, you're sending the wrong signal to the public at large. If this continues, if this is the norm, there may be an effort to reign in the pardon power of the president as an institution Reign in the pardon and power of the President. He went on to criticize former President Biden for pardoning his son Hunter and commuting the sentence of Leonard Peltier who was convicted of killing two FBI agents in 1975. So yeah, these are things we'll continue to watch and see as we as our nation shapes up. I Wonder how you do that though. I wonder how you reel in the pardon powers of the president. Because you know, like I I was saying earlier like, you know, Donald Trump literally is doing everything that he has the power to do.


Like these things aren't illegal. He's the president of the United States. Yeah, but do you Of America, the amount of people he can Pardon? Because I've never seen, like usually you hear when a president leaves, he pardons a couple of people. Usually you hear about it. But I've never heard anything like this. Like it just seems like they just pardoning anybody for anything. I don't even know if it's about the limit. I just think it's about, I think things should be on a case by case basis. Who Yeah, exactly. Like who. Yeah. Yeah, for sure. I don Well, okay. Bringing things home to you guys in New York. New York City Mayor Eric Adams. He won't appear in federal court tomorrow. Adams is scheduled to have a federal court appearance and it's been waived as the mayor reportedly undergoes several doctor's appointments. A spokesman for the mayor says Adams hasn't been feeling well in recent days and is undergoing numerous medical tests and doctors appointments this week.


He has canceled nearly all of his public appearances, including his weekly scheduled news conference with reporters now that has public advocate, JuMae Williams concern because under law he'd take over four Adams if Adams could not perform his duties. But he hasn't heard anything from the mayor staff. Let's hear quickly from public advocate Jermaine Williams. I would say just in the terms of providing confidence for New York City that might be better to have that communication. So he says, you know, you know, right now I wanna make sure we're portraying as much confidence as possible in city government. I would say if it was me, I think the conf communication would be a little better just to make sure we're pushing that confidence. But again, they can handle this, you know, a supervisor to handle how best they can and make sure that they are portraying that we are wishing for the mayor to be well as soon as possible.


So this, this is interesting because this brings about the question of transparency in government. You know, city hall isn't explaining what's going on with Mayor Adams other than the fact that he's just not feeling his best. Do you think that, do you think that public officials, and depending on what capacity they're in, do you think they should be transparent in terms of their health issues? Yeah. Yeah. Especially if it prevents them from doing their, their job. Yeah, I, I absolutely positively think so. Yeah. Especially if they're missing advance and and missing appearances. Yeah, absolutely. So the mayor's team is reassuring the public that Adams is in constant comp communication with his staff to ensure city business continues. But that also concerns me 'cause the, the, the dude who the backup has already come out to say, I ain't heard from him.


So just to give you guys a heads up in New York, that's something that we will continue to watch. And of course we're wishing Mayor Adams well wishes as well. We don't wanna see him sick or you know, down and out. So, but that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, follow me on social at Morgan Media and for more news coverage, follow me at or follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@bnnews.com. Thank You'all Peace Morgan. Later Morgan. All right, when we come back, we have Vivic Ramma Swami, he'll be joining us this morning. Yeah. You know, but Vic was a part of Doge. Doge was a, a new adminis, a new government agency. Department Of Government efficiency. That's Right. It was a new government agency formed by Donald Trump for the Trump administration. It was him and Elon Musk.


But, but Vic either left or got pushed Out. And we gonna talk to him Next we gonna Find out which one. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Laura la Rosa filling in for Jess. And we got a special guest in the building. Yes Indeed. Vivic Ram Swami. Welcome. How you doing man? How you feeling? All good. You're doing well. This is your first interview in what you said, like a month. Yeah, I've been a while. I haven't been, I haven't been, you know, a lot, A lot going on, but I haven't been out on media. But you know, people gonna be hearing more from me starting now. Why not? You called me over the weekend. Absolutely. I told you I happened to be in the city so this worked out well. Well Well tell us Vic, what happened with Doge.


Yeah, so, Well congratulations on the job. Thank You man. It anymore, It's not my job right now. I'm running for, I'll take that back Then. I'm moving on to my next Did you get pushed out next Frontier? Did you get fired? Like why did You leave? No, it was a slightly different vision from where we started to where we landed. And it's not that it's, you know, one's right or wrong, but if you take a look at where we began, right? Doja is gonna be an outside body to the government. One of my core areas of focus throughout has been the constitutional and legal basis for shutting down the bureaucracy and the federal government and downsizing it. That's what I focus, written my books on, et cetera. It evolved in more of a direction of a technology project using a technology first approach. And so Elon And I were in good terms.


We have good personal relationship, slightly different approaches to the project. And what he And I both concluded And I, And I think this is right, is given my focus on law, on legislation, the right way to realize my vision is to elect an office. And so that's what I'm gonna be pursuing. We have an announcement probably coming up in the next month, but that's my next path. The Governor of Ohio. We heard about that. That's, That's, you know, coming up soon. But, but that was, that was where we all landed. Was the right way to do this for me was if I'm focused on constitutional law, deregulation legislation to downsize government, that's been my vision for a long time. Let me realize that I'm my own two feet through elected office at the same time. I'm happy to have helped over the last couple of months to be able to get, get this off the ground and a technology first approach from within the government.


Now it's not outside the government. It made all the sense in The World to make this the time that we went separate ways. So, So it was true there. There was an exclusive report in the Washington Post that said you were pushed out because your vision didn't align with Elon. So I would say that we, we arrived at it pretty mutually Emini here. I think when it came to Doge was in the government. So there's actually a law, it's called the Hatch Act. It's boring stuff but you literally can't run for office while you are an employee of the government unless you're the president or vice president. I've been committed to this path of likely running for governor of Ohio for a long time. My plan initially might have been to do those at the same time. Once it became clear that was impossible to do it at the same time, once it became clear to me that that was the right next leadership destination for me it felt like the start of the project on day one was the right way to start that next chapter.


That's The way we did it. Now you did say the last couple of months you've been focused on getting Trump in office. Yeah. So now that he's in office and, and we've seen the last couple of days, what are your thoughts and do you still stand by it? That everything that he's done, You know, I, I really think he's off to a pretty good start Emini here. You think about most presidents, they take a little bit of time to get warmed up. He didn't go through the warmup phase. No, he got started right away. And I think there's a reason for that, which is very few presidents have actually been the president before and then they come all the way back. They, Grover Cleveland was the only one other one who did it. So he in some ways is coming in for a second term. But actually do think those four years of being able to reflect on what actually mattered to him were actually pretty good. So I like, I like a lot of what we've seen in that first week unleash energy production that's gonna bring down energy prices, it's gonna stimulate the economy.


A lot of the regulatory and red tape rollback, I think it's just a good thing for the country. If you travel the country and you ask most Americans, do you think there's too much red tape or do you think there's too little red tape? I don't think there's anybody who would tell you that. I think there's too little red tape. I think there's a lot of people, especially business owners, small business owners that tell you there's too much red tape. Trump has gone pretty aggressive even in the first week and saying we're rolling back a lot of those regulations we're rolling back the regulations that hold back energy production in the United States getting very serious about the border and you know, Emini here. I think that you can have your debates about what the legal immigration policy in the US should look like. But I think most people are united that we don't want an open southern border. And yet functionally that's what it's been for much of the last four years.


So, so I think it's been a lot of pretty good moves out the gate. How is eliminating government diversity programs like DEI beneficial to anybody other than straight white Males? Oh, I think, I think there's some ways in which it's not even beneficial to straight white males, which I'll tell you about in a second. But I think this culture of reviving merit in the country is a very American idea. You And I have talked about this in some of our, some of our discussions here in the past. I, I think is America's a country where you are not judged on the color of your skin. You ought to be judged on the content of your character and your contributions. The best person ought to get the job regardless of their genetics. That that's America at its best. We haven't always been that you could argue that we've never actually been that perfectly. We're an imperfect nation 'cause we're comprised of human beings and not gods.


But I do think it is a step forward to say that after we've turned the page on 160 years ago and then 60 years ago with the Civil rights revolution, after we've made all the progress we have, now's the time not to engage in blaming for the past or whatever. We haven't, we haven't been perfect, but to move forward to say we're country where we want the best person to get the job without regard to their skin color or their sexuality or their race. And, and the only thing I would tell you that, that you might, you might be interested in for the angle you mentioned is I also think there has been a culture emerging in the last few years a culture of excuses amongst people who say, oh, I didn't get that job because of DEI. And in certain cases that may be true, that certain people may be a white male was denied a job because somebody else got the job because of racial or gender preferences.


But there's also a lot of instances in which that provides somebody else a new excuse. And I just wanna know excuses, culture across the board where one of the side effects of ending DEI is that nobody's gonna have excuses anymore for why they didn't get that job either. That's not true. So I just think merit across the board is the way to go. But do you Trust people though? Like, do you trust people enough to say, Hey, you know what? I'm not going to be prejudiced against this person because of their identity. Emini Here. We all have it. Their sexuality we're, let me lemme say something. We all have our innate biases, right? We're human beings. We're, as I said, we're human beings. We're not gods, we're flawed and people have their innate biases. But the question is, is there a perfect system though? There's not, but what's the least imperfect system? And I think the least imperfect system is one where we aspire to at least think of our country through the lens of merit.


So you don't Think DEI was a way to get there. You don't think that? I think it has proven not to be the way to get there. I've obviously been an opponent of it for, for four or five years. So I'm obviously gonna have biased views on this from where I sit. But What is it exactly the, the policy because you, you need diversity to get there. You need equity to get there. You need inclusion to get There. Yeah. So, so I think part of what happened is when you, when you started using the capital D, capital E, capital I, here's what happened is I think in the name of diversity of thought, right? Because that's where you want diversity of thought in an organization. The Capital D diversity actually ended up saying that certain viewpoints aren't welcome. That we actually sacrifice true diversity of thought in the name of equity, which is measured in terms of outcomes. I think we actually sacrificed true equality of opportunity.


And then as a certain place, and this is really where it took a dark turn to me, is in the name of inclusion. We created a culture of exclusion where certain viewpoints were not welcome in an organization. And what that does is it causes the bottled up emotion to fester. Okay. That doesn't lead to good places. When you tell somebody shut up, sit down, do as you're told, keep your views to yourself, that actually fosters resentment. And the weirdest thing I think has happened in the last few years, And I do actually blame a lot of the DEI and related policies for this, is that we have seen a reactionary wave of racism in the country. Anti minority racism that would not have existed. But for that DEI culture of not only taking something away from somebody based on their skin color, but even worse in the name of inclusion, saying that you can't express your view And I Well, Why would you have a conversation about equal opportunity if they don't even wanna have a conversation about diversity, equity, And inclusion?


You get what I'm saying? Like I understand where you're trying to go with it, but you can't have one without the other, I think is the point. And how do you do that? It seems like that's your disconnect even with Doge, right? No, I, I think it a couple, couple different, couple different topics there. Look, are we a country where we want equal opportunity for every person to achieve the maximum of their God-given potential? Yes we do. Are we perfect in realizing that no, we're not. Do we think that group quota systems are the right way to achieve that? I'm of the view, the answer is no. And I think the last few years show us that it hasn't even been effective in actually empowering the people it was supposed to empower while it's created resentment of a lot of the people who felt deprived. So I think we've gotta, I don't disagree with that last one. We just gotta go to post. We gotta go to post DI world that that ship, in my opinion, for the better.


Maybe in other people's opinion for the worse that ship has sailed. Now let's look to the future and say what does equal opportunity actually look like? Alright, we got more with Vivic Ram Swami when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LA is here with us as well. We're still kicking it with Vivic Ram Swami. Now I got a question. What were your thoughts on, and you claim to be an honest person, when Donald Trump signed off on the people that tried to o overthrow the government Signed off. You pardoned. Pardoned. Pardon? Pardoned him. Pardoned. So were six. Here's, Here's my view Is, and then I want to ask you, what did you think when Joe Biden pardoned, you know, his son and his family members as well? So let's start with, with Trump. So Here's my view is because They tried to overthrow the government, which is totally against law.


So I think that there were many people, this is a rabbit hole. We could have an hour on this. And I, I don't really think it's even all that relevant anymore. There were a lot of people who didn't do a thing that was wrong, that ended up being ensnared in getting locked up, getting prosecuted for peacefully without any weapons, exercising their first amendment rights. And as a country, we're a country that celebrates political dissent and opposition. People who never entered the capitol, people who never heard anybody, people who were unarmed walking on the capitol grounds. And it was just sloppy the way the whole thing was actually handled. Peaceful, handled, peaceful protesters. Yeah. And I think that those kind of peaceful protestors, the fact that they were ensnared and had their due process rights denied isn't AF front.


And I say that as somebody who, I'm a civil libertarian. I believe the same is true for left-wing protestors. I think the same thing has been true for civil rights protestor 60 years ago. I think the same thing was true for peaceful protestors on January 6th. Now the other side, so, So then when you, when you look at, when you look at it holistically, right? It was so messy in the way that it was handled. There were so many also unanswered questions and some stuff that didn't smell great. Like if you look at the first thing that came out from the Inspector General's report only came out a few weeks, a couple weeks before Trump took office. How many FBI informants and affiliated people were in that audience. It didn't smell good. Now that came out, if you said that two years ago, that was considered a bad conspiracy theory. But now they dec they came out with the Inspector general report saying that they weren't transparent with the public.


There was enough that the government did that smelled rotten there. That in the interest of just turning the page, you know what I think would've been the best outcome for the country. I said this before Biden left office. I think if Joe Biden had not pardoned his family member, but had pardoned the January 6th protestors in one of his final acts to say that I've been critical of this. But in the interest of moving the country forward, as I'm leaving the office, I'm turning the page and look into the future. And then Donald Trump takes office and pardons the Biden family for any alleged offenses. That would've been, I think, the best case scenario for the country. Yeah. But all the s That we had, we had the, they Were, some of 'em were Insurrectionists and Emini. Here, there, there, there's actual people who are denying pardons because they said no, we committed a crime. Yes. There was a woman who did a hosted down interview, said, we did really horrible things.


People died. I heard Her, I heard Her interview. And so to that you will say there were people who were peaceful. I watched it, The decision being peaceful. But then we seen people that half the gates ran up in there running in people's office. We seen them as well. I think JD Vance had the best reason. And what JD Vance said, and this was before par Trump did the pardons. He said that we're gonna look at every, we're not gonna pardon all the January 6th insurrectionists. We're going to look at it on a case by case. He's a case by case. Yeah. And see who needs to be pardoned, who Doesn't. And and that's what I, that's what I had said for the last couple of years as well. I do think that when we're also moving quickly with respect to Trump talking about a new golden age for the country, that's what we all want, right? We want a country where the issues we're focused on is what affects people in their everyday lives. The conversation about lifting people up economically and educationally.


I think it is in that spirit to say that we're just turning the page and moving the nation forward. I understand the decision to do it not on a case by case basis, but on a blanket basis. I understand where it's coming from. Actual criminals, like one of the guys got out and went right back to jail By definition. Just so we're talking about the same thing. By definition, anybody who gets a pardon is getting a pardon. Many of them, anybody who gets a pardon after a conviction means they were convicted. That's right. Right. So there are hundreds of presidential pardons. Biden issued, most more pardons. Any president has in his final month leaving office. Every president issues pardons. But part of the reason the president has a pardon power is the job of the president is actually to look after the country. The job of a jury and a judge in a case is to look after that individual case.


But a president is a steward of a country. And to say what's in the best overall interest of the country, that's why the president has a pardon power. So everybody who a president ha has ever pardoned is by definition a criminal. The question is, even in the face of somebody being a criminal by definition of having committed some crime, take a big step back and say notwithstanding that is it in the interest of a nation to be able to pardon that person and move forward? That's the judgment that belongs on a president's shoulders. Well let's talk About, look forward stuff like how do you, how do you advocate for ending birthright citizenship when both your parents were illegal and non-citizens Were illegal? Well they were illegal. They were legal. Yeah. So, So so they were non-citizens though. That's Right. That's right. When they came to country. Yeah. So my view, and I've been pretty consistent on this, is that birthright citizenship should not be granted to the kids of illegals in this country.


What does birthright citizenship mean? Just to get everyone on the same page. It means if you're physically born in the country, you're automatically a citizen. And that's been part of the longstanding tradition of the country within certain guardrails. So I'll give you one that nobody contests. Let's say you're the kid of a Mexican diplomat, right? So it's a guy who's legally, physically in the country, but he is the ambassador from Mexico or Panama or whatever country to the us. They happen to have a baby while they're here. Is that baby a citizen of the United States? Nobody thinks the answer to that is yes, if you're a diplomat from Mexico or a government official from another country, but physically the baby happens to be born here, you're still a citizen at other country. It goes to the 14th amendment. It says, are you subject to the laws and jurisdiction thereof, then you're a citizen. That's what it says. So by similar analogy, if somebody who's an ambassador from Mexico or is in this country legally, but doesn't enjoy birthright citizenship 'cause they're still subject to the laws and jurisdiction of the other country, then the question is, if somebody entered this country illegal or let's Just say take another one.


If somebody's a foreign invader to the country, right? Let's say you have a foreign invasion of the country but includes a pregnant woman and she happens to have a baby here, nobody thinks that baby enjoys birthright citizenship. So then the question is, if somebody broke the law when entering the country, right, that their, their act of entering the country was a violation of our laws. Are they really subject to the jurisdiction and law in the same way if they have their kid in the country, that kid does not automatically enjoy birthright citizenship. That's in my position. I think it's a reasonable position. But why that's you think that moving forward you would want an administration to pick and choose Like when they give opportunities, like so for instance, like what if I'm here illegally, I have my kid here Legally. No, I'm here illegally. Okay. Yeah. I hypothetically if I'm here illegally, right, I did whatever I had to do to get here just because of whatever my circumstances are.


Yeah. I'm not committing crimes while I'm here. I'm working the best I can just trying to raise my kid. My kid is doing amazing, I'm providing a better life. And then all of a sudden now because Trump is in office, it's like no, my kid has to go back to whatever circumstances we came from. Not too much set up because they're no longer a citizen. Right? So One of the things Emini here, if you look at President Trump's recent commentary and some of his interviews even leading up to taking office, he himself has drawn a distinction between people who have been here for a really long time and established roots versus people who have come super recently to the country, right? In the Dreamers program you talked about how people have been here for a long time. We can have our own debates about what my own views even are on that. But let's just take, start with the easy low hanging fruit. If somebody commits a crime while they're here and they entered illegally, should they be automatically before you go?


Wait, Before you go there, I just wanna And then we just go straight down the list. Yeah, We're not gonna argue that point. 'cause that's like, that's kinda like a easy, that's a of people. That's an easy point though. I know. I think where I'm getting confused with you is like you kind of, and Even if it's a few years, I would say it the same thing. So if somebody's come here and hasn't been that long, so we're talking about double digit millions of people who have come here illegally under Biden's tenure, those people have not established roots in the United States, right? Those people should have followed a different route. And by the way, there are millions more who did not come here illegally because they were trying to do it the right way. They're the ones we kept out and the ones who lied or broke the rules are the ones who we let in. That's not right. Right? But so I think that sending all of the people who at least entered illegally under Biden's tenure just recently, even if you just taking the last two years, that is millions of people.


So even if we just said over the last 18 months the people who entered this country illegally have to go back to their country of origin. They haven't established roots in 18 months. That alone would be the largest mass deportation in American history. Now you wanna go beyond that. We could argue the details, but that alone is the literally the largest mass deportation in American history. And I think most people are in favor of it to say that. That's fair. So why are House Republicans divided on this? 'cause it seems weird that you would want to fight the end birthright citizenship now, especially when you've made so many s strides of Hispanic voters. So I'm not following necessarily what the house Republicans are divided on per se, but what I will tell you is I think most people if explained right, because I think the problem with this is it can become a pretty emotional conversation if you just objectively look at the low hanging fruit that we all agree with.


That's actually pretty far from where we are today. If you look at somebody who entered this country illegally, does their kid automatically get birthright citizenship going forward? We can't even change the past, right? 'cause those were the rules of the past. But at least going forward we will say that anybody knew who enters the country illegally and has a kid here, that kid does not automatically enjoy birthright citizenship I think is a very reasonable position. All we got more with Vivic Ramos Swami when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club law. The Rosas here with us as well. We're still kicking it with Vivic. Ramaswamy Charlamagne. What did Trump say when you told him you wanted to leave those? It was a, it was a pretty good mutual discussion. He was very supportive and you know, I think Donald Trump And I, we built a good relationship since I left the race.


I think it's, for me, I've always been somebody who I need to stand for my own vision for the country. I'm at my best when I'm standing for my vision for the future. And I'm excited for that. And Donald Trump was super supportive of that. We had a good time at the inauguration together And I think we're gonna be working together informally for a long time to come. One, One of the executive orders that happened, you know, was, was Doge was rebranded as the US Digital Yeah. Service, which was an Obama era group, which is basically created to keep, to manage the Affordable Care Act website. But now it determines best practices for the government's use of technology that wasn't your initial vision for. So look, there were, there were a couple different visions in approach. And I will say that Elon, in taking a technology first approach, he's the best person to take that technology first approach.


No doubt about it. You know, my, what I've always been drawn to in my books and a lot of the articles I've written in my, my own campaign for president, a lot of my focus has been on using the constitutional landscape and using the legislative landscape to bring down spending to curb regulations. I think the best way to do that is from the perch of elected office. And I think that when you think about who's gonna drive change through technology in the government, nobody better than Elon to do that. How, how you going, how is the Trump administration gonna reduce food prices while when they're deporting the people who are picking the food? Because he said first day out and, and we ain't seen no prices drop yet. Well, come on. It's been a been a couple weeks. It's been been not even a couple weeks. It's, it's been a Week deport the people who, who are actually picking the Food.


Well Emini here deporting the people. Well we, maybe we should have a system. I, I think you would agree with me on this. Maybe we should have a system where the people who's picking our food or


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey guys, it's Dr. Josie from in the Vet's office. I may be a veterinarian, but first and foremost I'm a dog mom to three amazing pups And I would do anything for them to live long and healthy lives. That's where Pet Tivity comes in. Pet Tivity is re-imagining pet care with a family of devices and health kits that can help you care more proactively for the pets you love. Because everyone wants their pets to live long and happy lives. Pet Tivity health kits and smart pet products use data AI and best in class technology to learn your pet's behaviors and alert you to key changes that you can act on by equipping you with information that allows you to understand new facets of your pet's health and wellness. Pet TIV products can help you give your pet a voice and empower you to provide the best care possible. These products transform your pet's data into real insights about their wellbeing, giving you the peace of mind that you're going above and beyond for your pet. Visit P-E-T-I-V-I-T y.com to learn more. That's P-E-T-I-V-I-T y.com. To learn more


Consider this is a Daily news podcast. And lately the news is about a big question. How much can one guy change? Day one change? What will change look like for energy drill Baby drill schools? Take the Department of Education, close it. Healthcare better And less expensive. Follow coverage of a changing country. Promises made, promises kept. We're gonna keep our Promises and consider this from NPR. Listen on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, I'm Arto Castro and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse and so many commercials about back pain. And now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians to tell 'em a buck wild tale from across history and time. People like Ed Helms, Diana Guerrero, Joseph Gordon Levitt and Soy Chow Titanic, Charles Manson, Alcatraz Asada Shakur, a sketchy guy named Steve. It's giving funny, true crime. I love Storytelling And I love you so I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


People who are in our food supply chain, were not people who entered the country illegally, but actually fostered both American born and a proper legal immigration system to staff that in a way that isn't illegal. That's a separate question, The World block. But You say you deport 20, let's talk million people and there's only 14 million people living in the country illegally. Well who else you getting rid of? Let, let's, Let's just talk about bringing down food prices for a second. 'cause I think it's an important point. I would also add to the list, by the way, housing prices. I would add to the list energy prices, especially electricity costs. I would add insurance costs. How things are gonna be tough costs on everything. Well here's, here's the number one way to do it. Increase the supply of everything, right? So laws is a supply and demand. If you have constricted supply, you have higher prices. If you have more supply prices come down.


And one of the easiest things that we're able to do in all of those areas, housing, food, energy, you bring down the regulatory barrier to producing more of it. That is automatically gonna bring prices down. That's at least the first and easiest step we can take. Some of this is at the federal level, but keep in mind, not all of this is stuff that Donald Trump can do. Some of this is, a lot of this is actually at the state level too. Emini here. You think about most of the regulations that stop people from producing food. Most of the regulations that stop people from building new houses, including manufactured homes, which I think is actually an innovative area for the future. You think about even a lot of the restrictions on, on energy production, nuclear energy included, a lot of that is at the state level, which is part of why in my own reflection, right?


Thinking about having an impact on the country. You want, if you're doing this public service thing, you have tell you there's a lot about it that isn't super pleasant at all times. So if you're gonna do it, you might as well have the biggest possible impact you can have. And the way I look at it is Donald Trump, he's got it covered at the federal level. I'm rooting for success And I expect success, but it's not gonna be a one man show. At the end of the day. You got 50 states that have also have to tackle these very same problems. And especially when it's questions of affordability, questions, willing to education. Education is all driven by the states. I think the states is where it's at in terms of actually the need to drive real change. And so I've set my sights accordingly And I would try to, yeah, I've tried to, and I'm gonna hopefully stay true to not just talking about this stuff, but to actually translate it to action.


And I do think that this is a lot of the issues we're talking about bringing down housing costs. That's not a partisan issue. There are a lot of Republicans who are pissed off about high housing costs. A lot of Democrats who were pissed off about high H housing costs. And it is not a nature made problem. It's not a law of physics. It is a manmade problem and a manmade problem has a manmade solution and Donald Trump can set the tone. But those regulations, most of them are actually at the state level. Same thing with respect to education. Determining whether or not that poor young kid in the inner city, black, Hispanic, or white, can go to an actual good school isn't determined by the federal government. It's determined by actually those state laws. Same thing with respect to food restrictions, the constraints on nuclear energy production, a lot of those are at the state level. And so I'm actually excited about, about making sure that we're not just looking at this as a one size fits all solution.


I, I supported Donald Trump pretty heavily. I dedicated a significant part of my last year to getting him elected. 'cause I thought he would restore that sense of spine, that sense of greatness to America. But it's never one man show, it's never one man coming down from the White House to save us. It's never been that way. In fact, our founders envisioned this system of federalism to be led by the state's bottom up as well. And so I'm excited for both of those to work in the next couple of years. Do You think you will pushed out of those because Trump rolled back the DEI initiatives? No, I contrary. And you know, I would say just to be super clear about it, I have no, I have no problem with, you know, framing or whatever. It was really just an actual mutual decision where you look at here's one vision on approach, here's a different vision on an approach.


That's great. There's no right or wrong answer With a technology driven approach and a technology first approach, there's no better person than Elon to run with that, with a constitutional law focus, with a legislation focus. Some of the areas I was focused on, probably the right place to do it is elected office. And so we all agreed on that And I think that that's actually a good thing where we're able to, where we're actually able to collaborate, divide and conquer a little bit. I hear You Vivek. I don't believe you. I don't believe you. That's fair enough. But I think, I think you either got pushed out or you know that it's going to implode. I think that, you know, Elon is gonna crash and burn it and you're a smart guy and you said, you know what, let me get outta Dodge and go do my Governor Ohio thing. So look, Here's outta I don Exactly. I knew that the right step for me in the long run is elected office.


And to pursue the vision that we're talking about here, to actually translate that to action in my own terms, that's what I've been called to do. It was clear that I could not do that and serve on Doge at the same time, even for logistical reasons. It came to be in the government rather than an outside body. I was proud to be able to spend the first couple of months offering my contributions and setting it in the right direction with its focus now with its digital technology focus. No better person to do that than Elon in the way that he's gonna lead it. And I am hopeful that there's gonna be a lot of streamlining of government bureaucracy that comes outta that and I'm pursuing my next steps at the state level. Are they gonna Endorse you? Is Ilan gonna endorse you? Is Trump gonna endorse you? We're On, we're all on very good terms. And so I, I wouldn't wanna speak for anybody else, but I will say that they're very supportive of, of the decision that I made to pursue as my next step.


Got you. Yeah. Alright. We appreciate You guys. I talking to You guys, I glad you hit me up over the weekend, man. And I said, I cannot wait until you unhitch your horse from this MAGA wagon and you can really talk because you spin circle Saying you're so smart. I got my horse hitch to one wagon and I'm not being corny about it. I really mean it. It is the America wagon. I love this country And I will, you know what? I would rather fight to this country for the principles I believe in and stand for and lose than to win by checking some box along the way. And this next step for me, I think is gonna be, is gonna be really good. Well, Vic Rams Swami, good Luck in Ohio and how you gonna take care of our, our Haitian family over there that, you know, Trump said we, You know, I visited a number of them in, in Springfield And I think that I, I spent a lot of time in Springfield growing up actually.


Did You have dinner with any of 'em? It was shut. We Didn't Oh yeah. No we did not. We we hung out. We hung out. It was, it was the daytime where we hung out. But I would say that it's understandable where you have a tiny community that is really small population in Springfield that has had its population dramatically transformed. I don't blame anybody. That's what I said when I went visited Springfield. I don't blame anybody in that community. I don't blame the people who live in Springfield for being upset. I don't blame Haitians who made decisions for their own family to end up in Springfield the way they are. I do blame a lot of failed government policies. And at the end of the day, you could sit back and blame the government all you want and some of, at a certain point in time I said, okay, I'm sitting here offering commentary from an armchair. I'm done with that. I want to go in and actually be through action.


Make a difference that you wanna see. And so I think that running to be the chief executive of a state, a governor short of being a president is the single greatest way to have unshackled impact on your country. And I'll look forward to making a big announcement about that in a few weeks. Alright, It's Vivic Ram Swami, we appreciate you for joining us. Continue, man. That's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Thank. Alright, well let's get right to just with the Mess News is real. Jessica Robin Moore Just don't do no lying. Don't do no lying. She don't spend nobody worldwide. Jess Worldwide message on The Breakfast Club. She's a culture shooter. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see.


It's time to set it on. Alright, real quick before we get into this next story. I did wanna say that, that Id doc, there's a lot of other parts coming out. I know I mentioned that we didn't even get to everything that we were gonna get to because what I realized in talking to y'all is like people don't really care no more about these documentaries. We, there's So many of at this point's a lot. It's so many of them. 23 of Them. Yeah. It was like nothing new. I learned, learned. It's Overload. It's Overload at this point. It was really nothing new. I learned outside of me my first time hearing the story about Diddy and Heavy D having a party and the people being trampled and all that stuff. That was like the, that was probably like one of the only stories that I hadn't heard Heavy D trampled somebody. What? No, excuse Me. No. Where was this? They had, they let too many people in the party. People got trampled. People passed away. It was, it was a Party at at Howard. I think it was at Howard's Howard.


At Howard. It was At Howard Days. Howard home coming up. Oh, that wasn't The celebrity basketball game. That Was something else. That was celebrity basketball. I thought it was at Howard. That was, that was, I thought that Was in New York or maybe that was in New York Was during his Howard time though. 'cause it was no, it wasn't New York. It was after Howard when he was still known as like the party guy. Basketball game was in New York. Yeah. Was there. No, I don't know if it was in DC or New York. What I'm saying is that No, that was in new, he was still was there for sure Heavy was there for sure. This was early time days. Yeah. City College It Was. And that, that whole thing happened. But how many people City College in New Step on? Yes, but the girl who he didn't Jess, shut up. What's Wrong with y'all? No, we moving On heavy. Moving On as an artist that they did it together. He didn't forget. Oh, so he wasn't in the stampede? No. Running over people. Puffy was the party guy.


Heavy D was Heavy D Puffy was coming into the music thing. He was up there. Damn. They had a party. But that was a Celebrity basketball game. I said City College said You watched the doctor. Don't sound like it. I did. No, Because the woman, the woman that they have talking about it is a woman who knew him from Howard and the parties there, which made them go to the party up here. Okay. Yeah, that was, it was a celebrity basketball game. Like Shalam Ma said at City College In The city. Okay, well we moving on. All right. Yes, please. I'm glad we learned something girl. I guess I was gonna say who? Selena Gomez. Right? So yesterday Selena Gomez posted and then deleted a video of herself reacting to the immigration enforcement sweeps that have been happening all over. Let's take a listen. Just wanted to say that. I am so sorry. All many people are getting attacked.


The children, they don't understand. I'm so sorry. I wish I could do something, but I can't. I don't know what to do. I'll try everything. I promise. Oh, 'cause she's Mexican too, right? She's Mexican American And so she's, she's scared 'cause she's gonna be sent back. Like what is No, No. I know that she's crying because of other people. She Was born here in Texas. Oh, She was born here? She's born in Texas. Yes. Yeah. No, she's just crying because Emini here, it's, it's in real time. We're seeing people on, it's sad. She don't feel like she can do anything. Yeah. So she doesn't feel like she can do anything. But it affects everybody. When I tell y'all the people dragged sis Emini here, bad, bad.


She deleted the video. That's how bad the drag was. Wow. She people, it was a whole thing of like, y'all voted for this, so now we gonna sit it out. I know that there's like a conversation right now, especially amongst like, who said Selena Voted for, I'm not saying her in particular, but people were using her as the example of, well, y'all asked for this at the polls and now y'all getting it. So The American people voted For this and this is what's happening. The American people, A lot of people. Okay. They also were like on the, you know how they act with people who are rich like you so rich, you got so much money. Send people, lawyers, get them. Get people like housing that are gonna stay here. Lawyer is not gonna do anything if you here illegally like a lawyer for what? Look, I don't know, crazy, but I'm telling y'all when I say the dragon was bad, I felt bad for her.


I'm like, dang. She should have just like took this up with her group chat. Like I did see a US Senate. Can us Senate candidate Sam Parker. He did to Justice Point say she should, Selena should be deported. What? Really? Oh my God. Yeah. US Senator candidate Sam Parker said that. That's Probably Why she was crying. That's why. But she's legal. That sounded like that type of crime she was That's crazy. Oh my God. Well I know Tom Holman, is that how you say his name? I don Tom Holman. He, he also responded as well too. We have the audio. I Don't think we arrested any families. We've arrested public, public safety threats and national security threats. Bottom line. And look, president Trump won the election on this one issue securing our border and saving lives. Very true. This what happened on our southern border. Last four is the biggest national security threat this country seen, at least in my lifetime because we've got over 2 million known God aways.


We've got 600% increase in sex trafficking. We got a record number of terrorists crossing the border on the terrorist watch list. We have quarter million Americans diving, fentanyl coming across the open border. We're going to do this job and we're gonna enforce the laws of this country. If they don't like it, then go to Congress and change the law. We're going to do this operational apology. We're gonna make our community safer. We're gonna save. Once we lock that borders on continuous operation, you're gonna see fentanyl, dust decrease illegal alien crime, decrease sex trafficking, decrease it. It's just all for the good of this nation. And we're gonna keep going. No policies. We're moving forward. Man, that white man sound like a cop, don't he? He used to be Jesus Christ. Emini here technically is just remember everything Trump is doing. America gave him the power to do. But That's what people was trying to tell Selena.


Like, girl, He was voted in his president, but he said he was gonna do it. Government. This ain't a surprise. It's not a surprise. Tom Holman, he was surprised When ice pop up. That's about it. No, no, No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Yeah, Y'all the real surprise. Y'all been seeing the videos of Dr. Phil. Dr. Phil was outside of ice. Doing What? Oh my God. Getting the people ride along, riding them Up. Take way. No, listen to this. Listen to This. You doing a ride along. Listen, listen. No. Where You from? Thailand. You been deported? Deported from the United States? No. Never been deported. I've been in System B. What have you been charged with? I'm Not gonna say nothing. I've been charged by a lawyer. Are you a citizen? My mom's a citizen. Your mother's a citizen.


Yes, but you're not. Nope. But you've never been deported before. Not a Phil, Dr. Phil. Yeah. How do you know me? No, I seen, I seen Dr. Phil, you know, on tv. Well this is an example of sanctuary cities, right? We got an illegal convicted of sex crimes involving children and he's walking the streets of Chicago. Again, the problem with the sanctuary city that people like us walking the street rather than like law enforcement working with federal agents. This is what we're dealing with. You've been charged with sex crimes with children? Not really. Not really. Not really. They've never been deported. You Gotta go, Yo. Excuse me. Not Dr. Fuster. How you know me? What? You be goofy. I saw you on Movie.


If somebody says to you, have you been charged with sex crimes with children? And your answer is not really. You gotta go. Yeah, you have to go. You gotta go. You have to go. But is he really doing a ride along With with ice? No. Dr. Phil's outside and he tweeted, that's wild. He's been tweeting the videos too. And one of the videos he tweeted to basically make the point that ICE is not just doing these random sweeps, sweetss and sending home families and like, you know, breaking up homes, the way that people are making a scene, they're only grabbing people who are here illegally that are potential harms and just didn't follow the law to be here. They breaking. That's what you're saying, man. You wanted to know what people did and who what Case by case basis, Period. And he not really did something. So Not really. You gotta go. That's how I, that's that's like, that's like when Tore asked all Kelly, how old are the little girl?


You know what I'm saying? What do you mean not really You did you commit second crimes against children? Not really. What is that? No, no. Five. You not understand the question, sir. Little Bit that mean the same thing, But Dr. Dr. Phil's like the boogieman. Now if you see Dr. Phil, you know what it is. Yo, he been there since he stood about that Trump rally and said, DEI is is is what it is. Like I, I don't know what happened. I got him coming Up here this week to scam. I'm running. God, I see Dr. Fill out. I don't care what block him on out. We guy his show. I don't even know. Not on tv, because I haven't seen seen my Group still finds a way to watch it though. Jesus. Well don't Old people locked in when Dr. Phil, you welcome. Perfect. All right, well that was just with the mess. Now Charlamagne, who you giving your Don Katu Man before, after the hour since we're on the topic, let's talk about these insurrectionists and these, these Capitol rioters.


Okay? Okay. Talking about case by case basis. Let's discuss them. Alright? All right, we'll get into that. Nexus The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. This is a miracle. There is no question that there are problems in this country between police and community. Yes you are a donkey. The latest on that police killing of a black man. Now the new developments in the Deadly Spa shooting Rampage, man, Yesterday was a really bad day for him and this is what he Did. And so we are in a state of emergency, Okay? White supremacist violence is, it always has been the number one threat to our society. But I'm also very proud that my wife is white.


The Breakfast Club bitches. Alright, Charlene, please tell me why was I your donkey of the day? Well, donkey today for Tuesday, January 28th goes to a few individuals. I'm gonna throw some names out there. Matthew Huddle. He's 42 years old. He's from Holburn, Indiana. Daniel Charles Ball, he's from Florida. Andrew take, he's 36 from Houston, Texas. What do all these people have in common? They were all part of the militia known as vanilla isis. Yes, they are all Insurrectionists who stormed the capitol on January 6th. And they were all pardoned last week by President Trump. Why am I bringing this up today? Because we just had Vivic Swame on Breakfast Club last hour. He just recently left the Trump administration all got pushed out depending on who you ask.


And we were discussing these insurrectionists. All right, full disclosure, we had pre-AP interviews. So the, the day before is when we talked to Vivek. So a couple of these stories actually came out yesterday afternoon in the case of Daniel Charles Ball. That was the one I referenced during the Vivek interview. But I bought it up because there was no reason to do a blanket pardon of everyone on January 6th. No reason for President Trump to do that because some of these people were criminals before January 6th. Okay, Daniel. Charles Ball was arrested for his role in January 6th. He entered the capitol and broke a window shutter through a device at law enforcement officers that exploded. But he also has an out, has an outstanding warrant in Florida and was rearrested last week for a federal gun charge.


Okay? Andrew take attacked police with bear spray and a metal whip. He has an unresolved charge of soliciting a minor. And Matthew huddle. Well, Matthew is dead, ladies and gentlemen. Okay? Deceased Jesus. Yeah, he has vacated his earthly meat prison. I know you're sitting around like Uncle Charlotte, why would you ever give a dead man donkey today? Well, it is possible to die dumb. And I want to reiterate that Matthew was one of the insurrectionists who was pardoned by President Trump, the FBI said he was at the capitol for several hours during the riots and entered the building for approximately 10 minutes. He was sentenced to six months in federal prison and 12 months on supervised release. But according to the Indiana State Police Criminal Investigations Division, he was pulled over by the Jasper County Sheriff's Department for a traffic stop.


And he was allegedly resisting arrest. You don't say a capitol riot. Rider had zero, had zero respect for law enforcement and resisted arrest. No, let's go to NBC news for the report Police, Hobert Man recently pardoned by President Trump for storming the capitol on January 6th was shot and killed by an Indiana sheriff's deputy. Yesterday, yesterday afternoon. This happened during a traffic stop. The police account of what happened is that the deputy pulled over 42-year-old Matthew Huddle on State Road 14 near the Jasper County line around four 15 in the afternoon when the deputy tried to arrest huddle, they say he resisted. There was an altercation that led to the deputy firing his gun killing huddle.


Police go on to say that huddle had a gun, but it's unclear what led up to that shooting. Now, huddle was just pardoned days ago for a misdemeanor related to the 2021 Capitol Riot. He was originally sentenced to six months in federal prison. Once again, a capitol riot. Rioter had zero respect for law enforcement and resisted arrest. Hmm, listen, I'm just here to give people the credit they deserve for being stupid. And I'm here to inform y'all, you're making your president look bad. Now I know folks don't listen to vice presidents. We learned that very well during the last administration. But JD Van said something that made a lot of sense in regards to the January 6th parties. It was very logical. Listen, It's very simple. Look, if you protested peacefully on January the sixth and you've had Merrick Garland's, department of Justice treat you like a gang member, you should be pardoned.


If you committed violence on that day, obviously you shouldn't be pardoned. And there's a little bit of a gray area there, but ver we're very much committed to seeing the equal administration of law. And there are a lot of people we think in the wake of January the sixth, who were prosecuted unfairly. We need to rectify that. Well, I wanted the part where he said, pardon should be done on a case by case basis. But you know, I never get what I want around here. But yes, pardon should be done on a case by case basis. And these three cases I just named are some of those, you know, cases. All right, number one, Daniel and Andrew were both violent towards police. That should disqualified him for a pardon according to JD Vance. I agree. Okay, second, Andrew was out here allegedly soliciting minors online and Daniel had a federal gun charge and got rearrested as soon as he was re as soon as he was released.


Okay? If Trump would've done these pardons on a case by case basis, like his vice president said he would've seen that and made the right decision. Okay, Matthew Huddle. I hate that you lost your life to law enforcement. They said allegedly you was resisting arrest, you had a gun. It's hard to give you the benefit of the doubt because we saw how these domestic terrorists known as vanilla ISIS treated law enforcement on January 6th. I'm honestly shocked y'all didn't get shot and killed then. No, I'm not. Of course, of course. You, you had the complexion for the protection. All right? The things more often did not tend to work out, but clearly they didn't work out this time for you because you're dead. Look, all the insurrectionists, capital rioters, please understand that double jeopardy in your case isn't the second round okay on the game show.


Alright? Nor does it give you a second chance to break the law. I just wanna make people aware of who these people are who got these pardons. Let's go back to NBC news for that report please. This Is probably the trickle of stories we're gonna get on on January 6th going forward. It'll be about people who committed other crimes outside of this. Because remember, while there were certainly a lot of people who storm the capitol on January 6th and, and didn't have a a like a long criminal record and might have even have a a no no criminal record at all and were up upstanding citizens otherwise, according to their neighbors, there was this whole contingent of these January 6th riders who had some really awful criminal histories behind them. Emini here know domestic abuse, really ugly assaults on their, their partners and wives, child molestation cases.


That's right. You know, these DUI cases, there's a lot of drug problems, a lot of, a lot of alcohol problems. And now I think some of these January 6th prosecutors are wondering, you know, what's gonna be the next, what's gonna be the next story to drop? Yeah, they dropping. Just remember everything Trump is doing, America gave him the power to do okay. He was voted in as president and he has full control of government, all three branches of government. So everything he's doing, he has the constitutional right to do. Doesn't mean it's right, but sadly it's the American way. Please give Matthew huddle, Daniel, Charles Ball, and Andrew take the biggest he haw. Matter Of fact, let Kathy Griffin give him the biggest, he haw. Please give this giant jar of mail the biggest, he haw.


Yeah, the mayonnaise was heavy on those stores. Yes. That is crazy. I in the trapper pay for his funeral. Mm. I doubt It. I doubt it too. Yeah, me too. Alright, Well thank you for that donkey today. Yes Indeed. Now when we come back, we have Derrick Lewis joining us. Now Derrick is an exetor from Pepsi. He recently retired, he actually graduated from Hampton University. Good brother. He, he brings a lot to the table when it comes to bringing us to places where we usually are not. All right. And we're gonna talk to Derrick Lewis when we come back. He has a new book called Survive in Advance, lessons on Living a Life Without Compromise. So we're gonna talk to Derrick Lewis when we come back and he bought Me a hoodie and Lauren stole it.


Damn. Y'all go together, y'all stealing hoodies from each other. Y'all definitely go together. That's stud love. I never heard Stu Lauren Could not handle me. She could not. She can't deal with me. Oh, she got the vibrator with six, six seconds. Okay, Jack, she need to gimme my hoodie though, for real. It's The Breakfast Club. Come on The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody, it's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in and we got a special guest in the building. We got the good brother. Derek Lewis. Welcome brother. Good Morning brothers. How y'all doing man? How? How you doing now? Good. I'm doing great. Excellent. Excellent man. Now for people that don't know who Derrick Lewis is, besides going to the greatest university and college in The World, Oh, which one is that?


Do State? Definitely not Delaware State. Oh, okay. Hampton University relate you, we apologize. Break down who Derrick Lewis is. Derek Lewis is inspirational leader. Grew up in Chocolate City back in the sixties and seventies. Single parent Familyhood lifestyle decided I wanted to be something different. I wanna dream big for myself despite the circumstances I was under in the chocolate city back at that time. And was inspired by getting a great education, inspired by joining a, a big company inspired by putting that work in to become who I wanted to be, my best version of myself, to lead others, be not only a go-getter, but also go giver and strive for excellence. And I was able to do that over a 35 year career at Pepsi. Since then, I've retired now And I keep doing my work.


I'm obviously releasing a book. Thank you for the opportunity to talk about that today. And also I'm launching cheese steak restaurants in Orlando. Big Dave's cheese steaks. So you know Brother Derrick Hayes. I love him. Who owns those? Yeah, I love him too. So I've his first franchisee, I'm bringing 10 units in central Florida. I've already opened up four locations, two in the Kia Center and two in Can Road Stadium. We're off and running. I got two brick and mortars that open up at end of March, beginning of April. And the sky's the limit. I'm also obviously serving on boards. I'm back at my alma mater serving as a trustee and putting the work there. More nonprofit boards, doing the family thing. So life has been great, but I'm also, may well still contribute in the ways that satisfy me and my family. What was Your title at at at Pepsi right before You got the last title?


I was president of PepsiCo Multicultural North America. So for the entire corporation. Now I wanted to ask, so basically DEI before DEI, it wasn't DEI. So I wanna clarify the D And I thing. It was D And I had its own department. I was all about focusing on consumer culture and community. And so when I was primarily throughout my career, I was an operating executive. So I ran the p and l, I had billions of dollars of responsibility. At one point I was running North America and then we did a restructure And I went, I assumed the south, the south responsibility president. And then at the tail end of that run, which was about three years, we delivered fantastic results and we developed such a good playbook at the time 'cause Covid was involved and George Floyd,


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey guys, it's Dr. Josie from in the Vet's office. I may be a veterinarian, but first and foremost, I'm a dog mom to three amazing pups And I would do anything for them to live long and healthy lives. That's where Pet Tivity comes in. Pet Tivity is re-imagining pet care with a family of devices and health kits that can help you care more proactively for the pets you love. Because everyone wants their pets to live long and happy lives. Pet Tivity health kits and smart pet products use data AI and best in class technology to learn your pet's behaviors and alert you to key changes that you can act on by equipping you with information that allows you to understand new facets of your pet's health and wellness. Pett v's Products can help you give your pet a voice and empower you to provide the best care possible. These products transform your pet's data into real insights about their wellbeing, giving you the peace of mind that you're going above and beyond for your pet. Visit P-E-T-I-V-I-T y.com to learn more. That's P-E-T-I-V-I-T y.com. To learn more,


Consider this is a daily news podcast. And lately the news is about a big question. How much can one guy change? Day one change? What will change look like for energy Drill Baby drill schools? Take the department education, close it. Healthcare better And less expensive. Follow Coverage of a changing country. Promises made, promises kept. We're gonna keep our promises And consider this from NPR. Listen, on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome. My name is Paola Pedroza, a medium and the host of the Ghost Therapy podcast, where it's not just about connecting with deceased loved ones, it's about learning through them and their new perspective. Join me on the Ghost Therapy Podcast. Whoa. My lights in my living room just flickered. I'm a little nervous. I'm excited, I'm excited. Nervous. You know, I'm a very spiritual person, so I'm like, I'm ready and open. That was amazing. I feel so grateful right now. I got to speak to my great-grandmother Aela, and she gave me a lot of really good advice that I'm gonna have to really think about. Wow. Okay. That's crazy. Yes, that is accurate. Listen to the Ghost Therapy podcast as part of the Mike Cultura podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Situations evolving. And we had developed such a good model on, you know, culture, community, and company, that the company asked me to step in and create this big role for the entire corporation using the best practice that we develop in sort of to sell the United States and be able to start to implement that. So that was the last role that I had had in company, primarily throughout my career. I was operat, I was all put in sales and driving profit, driving market share. It was getting after it in the trenches each and every single day. You were one of the first people corporate wise, right? I, I graduated from Hampton a long time ago, so I would go to all these different homecomings. But you were probably one of the first to bring huge corporations to all the HBCUs, right? Not just the big ones. 'cause you know, it's easy to, just to go to the, the big ones where North Carolina a and t, which is the biggest university as far as students are, are, you know, concerned or, or FMU, which is a big university.


Why was it so important to you to do that HBCU run and to show up at those HBCU schools when other corporations weren't, but they started following after you did? Absolutely. It's all about legacy, right? And so my HBCU experience at Hampton was absolutely fascinating. Incredible. And so to be able to take that experience, build that, you know, sort of legacy, not only through the corporate side investing, not only just events activation on campus, but also recruitment. I recruited heavily on HBCU campuses. I, I pushed hard to have recruitment centers go down to these schools. Not just in called Mid-Atlantic area, but also down throughout the southwest. I was responsible for setting up the Swac partnership that we still enjoy today. That has been now a long term partnership and agreement based on the schools that are in Swac.


Great schools, great campuses. Certainly the activation mainly revolves around sports. But I took that and extended that to recruitment and also community effort, right? And so me, it's a whole sort of end to end proposition, not just about the parties and social side, it's also about jobs. It's also about what we're doing in the community. It's also about setting up legacy for the future. When you, in the opening end of your book, you talk about going through like all of the pandemic and the riots that happened after George Floyd and ah, Maud Arbery. And you realizing like, I'm not an activist, but I do wanna do something. 'cause I know what it's like to not know what's gonna happen tomorrow. When did you get to a point in your career where you felt empowered to be like, my activism is in the boardroom and this is what I'm going to do. Because being like a only or like one of few in a big corporation like a Pepsi, it's not easy to be like, you know what, y'all listening to me, this is what we need to do.


This is how we should get back. This is how we should help. That's A great question. I think mid-career, I felt that responsibility now because I was starting to really move up in the organization and there weren't many people at the top. And so a lot of the younger associates looked for me for guidance direction. And so I just started creating networks across county. I moved around a lot. So, you know, when I ended up in the west coast, I would, we would be at a national meeting and it would not be uncommon for me to call all the black associates to a, a hospitality event at the end of the night. And we would have like a hundred people in the suite. I'd just go run up, go rent a suite, go and get everybody together and just talk to them about their journey, what's going on, how I see the future of the company. I'm a historian of the culture at Pepsi, right? And that takes a, a hell of a lot of courage because at the only time I'm worried, I have my own concerns in my own life about what's happening.


But the time when someone leadership is needed, it was time for me to step in and step up. And I did that. I did it honorably and gracefully, humbly. And I was excited to do that. I was excited. The company gave me the platform to do that. And I think it turned out very, very well for everybody With companies taking DEI off the table. How will that affect a company like Pepsi? How would that affect those big companies? Since you've been there and, and you've seen whether they hired African Americans or minorities. Yeah. How does that affect that and do you think it's a good idea? I think they'll be fine because again, they, going back to the history, the history is so strong, and the torch passing from CEO to CEO has been really strong and solid. So it's like running this relay race that that never stops, right? So I feel like they'll be in good shape. I think for what I'm seeing now, it's, it's not, obviously it's unfortunate, but at the same time as I talk about my book a lot, it's an opportunity, right?


So while there're, you know, looks appear to be a setback, there's times for now, leaders, companies, cultures to step up to the plate. You, it's about people. And so even in this case where you're telling a cohort that we're deemphasizing something deprioritizing, you haven't necessarily come back with something that you're doing to, to offset that. Something, again, that revolves greater good, more collaboration, sort of more sensitivity around things are going on. That's how you treat people and right, so my, that lack of sort of compassion that is being shown in the, we're cutting it and we're not talking about really anything else, I think is just not good. So I think this is a time for leadership to step up to the plate. It's not hard to write this new plate, but by the way, it should've been written a long time ago. At least my, like myself could've done it. I could almost feel in 2020 what was happening.


It was a more of a in your face moment, everybody was gonna get on board because no one wanted to be left behind or deal with the rash of being sort of on the outside looking in. And then obviously what happens is time moves on, things move on. There really, really weren't any, call it scorecard metrics or calibration against what you said and what you were gonna go do to now, can anybody go back and even remember what people said back in 2020? Right? So there was always a question around sustainability of that effort. I can remember, I can remember them pledging all that money to them corporations and not delivering, right? Yeah, right. There was a lot of money, a lot of checks written. Yeah, yeah. Ton, ton of checks written. But where are we Today? And a lot of pledges, but no checks were written. Exactly, Exactly, exactly. You had that, you had that happen too, right? And so you had people, you know, in a quiet way, resisting or just reacting instead of really reimagining what the new playbook be.


So if we actually took the time to reimagine the old d And I into something more modern that focused again on being more comprehensive, certainly being more collaborative and being more compassionate, we can get there. That's not hard to do, by the way. I like that. It's not hard also to execute that plan. What's hard is getting everybody on board. All right, we got more with Derrick Lewis when we come back. He has a new book out. Lessons on Living a Life Without Compromise. Survive in advance. Keep a locked this The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's D-E-J-N-V, Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren is here with us as well. We're still kicking it with Derek Lewis. Former executive from Pepsi, also graduated from Hampton University.


He has a new book, survive and Advance Lessons on Living a Life Without Compromise. Charlamagne, do You know, I I always say that the problem I had with corporate DEI, it, it didn't feel for us by us. Like it should have been more, it should have been black people, right? Telling these corporations, right, what is needed, right? Not these corporations saying, okay, here, this is what we're gonna do. Well That's the difference with a Pepsi, is that we were always at the table, you know, throughout the history of time, whether it was black Salesforce back in the back in the forties or up until modern era, I was at the table when these programs were being developed and had a point of view and have perspective. And I give all the credit cities credit to all the CEOs who listened, who adapted, who empowered the executives to take charge. And I would do the same thing. I would ask the employees, instead of putting your head down with all this, now you're empowered to do something about it.


I believe in the structure of ERGs and employee resource groups. And I believe you have to have places to be safe where you're, if you feel isolated in the company, no matter where you come from, you have to have a place to go and should go. And so those things should structurally stay in place, but it's up also incumbent upon those groups to lead a new agenda for the future. Not keep looking up going, where are we going? Where are we going? Guess up. You're looking up. There's nobody, there's nobody looks like you up at the top, right? Okay, think about it, CEOs right now, 14, 500, less than 2%. So how much progress is that really from the 1960s? And now we have 2%, less than 2% of people running the top 500 companies in The World. There're qualified people out there. There's no doubt about it. I'm one of those qualified people that can run a Fortune 500 company. So I'm not trying to do that now, but I'm out here and there's hundreds if not thousands of people like me that are qualified, but they're not getting the opportunities.


So in some regard, you can look at, did the DI structure actually hurt progress from people because of this? Receive, you're getting a express card, check the box, check the box, you know, a fast mover, you know, without sort of having the merit and having the credentials do that, I think there were a lot of concerns and it held, it actually held a lot of people back. So let's reimagine this. Let's rebuild it. Let's not, while we respect the grounding nature of how it was built, let's evolve it to a way that is more comprehensive, more collaborative. That's right. And more compassionate. And we get there. Everybody wins. You can't have winners and losers in this space. You can't have mandates in this space. I was there, I Wanna ask you this, right? 'cause I, I love the title of the book, survive in Advance, lessons on Living a Life Without Compromise.


And it's, it basic, it's rooted in the DEI thing right now. You have a lot of people saying they want a boycott target because they rolled back their DEI initiatives, which I, I don't get it. You know, it's a lot of different companies that roll back DEI initiative. So why just Target, right? But what they're saying is they wanna make an example out of this one company, but then now people are saying, Hey, let's meet a co let's do a compromise. Let's support the black brands in Target, but boycott everything else. What do you, what do you think the best course of action is? I think the best course of action again, is I think, I think leaders around the space. People who have experienced, people who have, you know, dealt with struggle in their life like I have, who've been through a journey, I've been through HBCUs, need to lead a new agenda, need to lead a more modern agenda that again, I I go back to the, the same three Cs, right? That is absolutely more comprehensive going, this, this boycott angle and only supporting this, supporting that.


That's not the answer either. That's not the answer. That's very short term. Yeah, it drives a lot of engagement, but it's not the right answer. You're gonna increase, increase polarization to even a greater extent when you do that. Our cha our time is now to look at this as a positive in terms of change and creating new change for the culture and do it in the right way. That's gonna create sustainment. Doing these sort of side hustles and taking these tactics that are abrupt, abrasive, temporary. Don't solve the long-term problems. I'm into solving the long-term problem. Let's solve the long-term problem. Let's get people, leaders together with the corporation and say, Hey, we wanna take a different cut at this. That takes real strategic leadership that takes real sort of collaboration and maturity to, to pull this off and not look at it with your head down, but look at what your head up on, what's the future look like in this space?


And having people to table to do that. We'll get us to the right space. I wanna talk about your, your come up with your wife as well. Yeah. Okay. That's Big. How long, how long you been married? We've been Married 32 years. Oh, 30. Now explain how that is having the right partner by your side. It, it's meant everything. It's Been me and Shalom ain't talk about it all the time, but with the right partner that keeps you outta trouble, keeps you from doing foolish and sometimes you gotta smack in the back of your head. So, so talk about that journey about having that right partner on your side to make sure that you stay Emini here. It really has been the key to the success I've had, And I talk about this a lot, especially recently, we've been talking about this a lot, is our, our line shared vision on how we want to do live our lives. Now the story at Hampton, you know, it was volatile. We met Emini here. I was a senior, she was a freshman. Things didn't work out. They worked out great at the beginning.


But as you know, those things are temporary down there. Didn't work out. I moved on. I wanted to be this, go get my job, go establish some income, go buy my first house. Before I started taking relationships seriously, it was a big mistake that I'm glad didn't cost me because I wouldn't be here now if I didn't, if she wasn't part of my life. But we reunited, Tom heals, I matured, I came back, I saw the value, true value she brought to the table. And I knew all along that our vision on family, our vision on career, our vision on community, our vision on faith were so aligned that it was, it was obvious for me to say, Hey, we need, I need to lock this down, right? Because I knew that the place I wanted to go go, I absolutely had to have a partner that was willing to go along with that ride and, and that that ride wasn't gonna have lumps to it.


So a lot of sacrifice that we had. But we've built a family that we wanted to build. We call ourselves Team Lewis, she's the co-captain, or she's actually the chief household officer, I would tell, would say to her and been an integral part of all that. But shared vision has been, has been the absolute focal point of our success. Leaning on each other, trusting each other, grinding each other. She's made me better. I would like to say I've made her better, but she certainly has made me better in this whole journey. There's a point in the book, not the statistic, and this point in the book, just talking about your wife and leaning on her. You talk about like your journey with like finding out that you had a cancerous mass and just things you overlooked because you were working and just, you know, just in day to day and the title of the book survived in advance. You talked about feeling like you survived and you got away from a lot of things you didn't have to worry about what was gonna happen next in your life.


And then you're super successful and then cancer comes and your wife. Is there any families there? Like can you talk to me about like what that journey was like for you? Yeah. Oh man Was in the face of it. You're still, I see you kind of get emotional right now. Yeah. And that was a great, that was, that was a tough time, right? Emini here, I'm retired now. I'm, I'm playing a lot of golf and, and I'm having the time in my life and then I started seeing blood in my stool. And again, sloppy for me, undisciplined for me. I never had a colonoscopy, you know. And so here I am, 56 and every year I go get my executive physical check in the box and doctor's like, Hey Derek, it's, you're over 50 now. It's time to get your colonoscopy. I'm like, I got you, I got you, I got you. But I'm going back to the grind. I'm going back to the grind. I'm focused on people. I'm focusing on my job. Are you scared? Who you scared to go or? I wasn't scared. I just ignored, I, I deprioritized it. I, I made it feel like my executive physical was good.


I'm feeling good. The boxes were Checked. You said you had all the best doctors. Yeah, Your cognitive skills were good. Your motor skills are the highest they've ever been. You know, your blood comes back fine, you're good. So I'm like, I'm good man. I gotta get, I gotta get back to the grind. And I ignored it. It was, it was a terrible decision. I don't want anybody out there that is 50 or over and has not had a colonoscopy. Now, matter of fact, you That's 40 and over, right? You start getting younger now, starting to get a lot younger. I think I, it went down to 45. I was, Depending on your family history, a lot of of it has to do with your family history. But the earlier the better. So there's no, there's no such thing as an early start with checking out your, checking out yourself in that regard. And so it was a, it was a terrible decision. It would've cost my life. Yeah. But my wife was fully behind me. She took it actually hard And I did. But she was a rock in this whole thing and wouldn't have got through it in that at that level if it wasn't for her and her support if she came through big time.


And my network came through big time and it was one of the most incredible experiences. I say one I say in the same breath, it was the hardest lesson I learned. It's also the greatest lesson I learned at the same time. 'cause I got a lot of runway left and that you just motivated me now for the next 30 so odd years of my life to go after in ways that I haven't gone before. It refueled me, it reenergized me, it put me in a different space. And again, this whole notion of going, being a Go-Giver man, I'm in that space And I see the vision of what the future holds for that. That's right. Alright, well pick up the book his memoir, survive and Advance Lessons on Living a Life Without Compromise. It's out right now. Derrick Lewis. Derrick Lewis, we appreciate you joining. Thank you for having. Thank you brother. Thank you so much all thanks you for what y'all do man. It's The Breakfast Club. God bless. Good morning.


The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ J Envy. Jess hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to Jess with the Mess You is real hilarious. Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't do no lie. She don't spare nobody Worldwide. Worldwide Method on The Breakfast Club. She's a Cultureship. She was Able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you To see. It's time to set it door. Alright Y'all no hold up. I'm excited. I know you're excited. This is my show. Look. I know now I'm only on episode two.


The new, the new Netflix series Wa I'm Not far from you Wa The Riches. Yeah. What's the update? 'cause I'm only on two, but I don't, it's like, I don't want you to like, I'm Not gonna give it away. Don't want you to spoil and spoil it. But what's the latest spoil drama spoil? What's been going on? All right, forget It. Okay, so, all right. So over the weekend, I don't even know if this is on the show or not yet. I'm only episode four. What Show? Wax? She said you said Wax to Rich. Wax To Riches On Netflix. Running like listen, hair On no wax to Riches. Okay. She said wax to Riches. Thank you. 'cause we locked in over here. Come on over Bill Maher like we just ready to Jump Cut that. YI really love this show. No Charlemagne go wag to Riches. So Wa to Riches on Netflix over the weekend. MJ on the show, you guys know mj?


Yeah. She is the mother of one of Kodak blacks. Baby baby babies. Her name is Miranda Johnson. She got into it at her, her baby's birthday party. So they were, they're celebrating her three-year-old daughter. Her and his three-year-old daughter. I don't know. And nor do police know who she actually got into it with. But law enforcement sources were called. It was a, it was a big ruckus. They say police spoke to several people who told them that they were injured and wanted to press charges. But when push came to shove and cops started asking questions, names and numbers, they was told that only one person was willing to cooperate. I don't know. Sounds like it. I don't Yeah, MJ on the show.


She's gotten into issues before and normally before they were over Kodak like she, she's a little violent on the show. She pulled up on one of the baby moms, the other baby moms or whatever because She broke up Kodak's cause Yeah. Oh she beat his car to a Pule. Okay. Yes. Now, but I, I like her though. Figure her while he get high please. No, I like MJ though because I feel like mj, she's young and she's learning and it's like she's doing it in front of The World. She's not making the best decisions all the time about this man. But she's learning. And the other girls on the show to me specifically And I liked Sherell before this, they little judgmental. It's a mean girl show. It's so mean. And I feel like MJ iss actually not a mean girl. She just get crazy when she needs to. Yeah. And I'm not with somebody pulling up when they have to. Right.


But I'm not talking to mj but I'm this That's a mean girl show, like very clique-ish. Yes. Some of the things that they be saying and they're too Old to be doing that. Yeah. Very too old to be in cliques than to be judging people off. Yeah. So on the show you have that, that you have Shire on the show. Who is married to Ochocinco? You have, they're not married yet? No. Oh well fiance, whatever. Dating, Whatever they do. Dating or not dating something. Yeah, I don't think They married yet. Ochocinco. You have Ton on the show. Who's the ex wife or ex-girlfriend of Rick Ross? I don't know if they were married or not. Yes, Jules is on the shoulders. A ton of ladies on the show I love. Yes. Jewels. You do. Yeah. You the only one. How you say That? Jesus. 'cause I, I Emini here. I don't, I'm indifferent. But you, the first person I ever said heard say I love.


Yes Jules. You know, in real life though. Okay. That's why few Times she's cool. They was on her neck too. Yes. So people have been coming out about the show really bad and talking about how they hate the way that the show portrays the, the women who are married to these athletes. Because there's so much more to these women apparently. Right? Like they're supposed to just be running businesses managing mom life. Correct. While traveling with the athlete husbands. But all you see on the show is like, I hate you. I'm judging you. Shire literally told Stoney, who is the ex of Rick Ross. I don't wanna be your friend because I heard you used to be a prostitute. Let's take a listen to that. I just told them, I just don't with you. I, I don't see myself with you because of the reputation you have. And what reputation is that?


The escort back. I'm not a escort for one. So what is this? You guys patrolling my now I ain't patrolling Emini here. Like can I get along? We're grown And I'm pretty sure you have pictures, videos of you bent over in Ocho phone. I sure do. Okay, so you're telling me because somebody decided to act out of revenge to me that you not me. No, it's not just that. If you are going to have sex videos of yourself advice, make sure it's your own personal Okay device. Oh Lord. A bunch of old ass clowns. I can already see you Dre had Now Did you get, did you see that episode?


Sorry to anybody who didn't see that episode. But you gotta watch it. That was early On though. That was episode that Was early on. They actually made up a bit since then. But I have, again, I'm only like four episodes then. So I don't know if they fell up. That's crazy. Gotta watch it. It was so crazy too because nasty, your girl gets into it. Yes. Jewel gets into it too. Did you see that? And that that caused a big fallout online. Let's take a listen. That's Your girl Jewel. Now that's your girl too. That she was racist. Said culture butcher. That's racial. Lemme ask you something. What do you do for your culture? I'm a real estate agent. I get people involved. Oh wow. So you make money off people buying homes. Okay. That ain't, that's cool. But you not, you don't know me. You're talking about me like I'm a culture culture. So I'm just wondering, you talk about the culture, let's talk about what you do. You stay, in fact, you don't you a lot for my culture, you were the same that wanted to wear a thin shirt.


Right? The shirt said ninjas lie a lot. Just like what? Say it. I'm not gonna say it 'cause I don't say mine. You're around a bunch of black women. I'm a black. Yes, I'm And I love woman. She's a black woman. She's a black woman And I love her. So you're trying to get, excuse me, lower your mother. No, I'm not gonna lower. I'm not gonna lower. Who the, is that When I tell you went down after that? So the shirt that it was a tweet? Yes. Jules had tweeted out a shirt saying years ago and yeah, n words lie a lot. And she was like, so am I allowed to wear this shirt? And people were of course upset about that because your shoes is white. And so the girl brought it back up on the show they fought. So people were like, why is this cultural appropriator on the show? It just like, it caused the whole drag to her. How Much is Zeus paying these women?


How much Is V one these women then? It's Netflix. It's Netflix Is Netflix. Netflix. Netflix. Netflix. That's on. And lemme tell you how the people are discussing this show, okay? Most people don't like it though. They're like, this is, it's too ratt, it's nasty. But whatcha are? You watch Your reality TV for like This show. You do the, you gotta say, okay wait, you Got 60 seconds so we gotta go real quick. There's a woman in the Detroit. Detroit that is what up is she filed a lawsuit. I just spoke with her attorney. Her name is Big D. She's a music artist because she was denied a Lyft. She filed a lawsuit for weight discrimination. A Lyft driver pulled up and would not let her get in a car. Sick. Listen what? What y name? Yeah, I got most cases. Mom, my car is small.


I can fit in this car, But believe me you Can. Yes I can. Believe Me. Believe me. So I'm sorry. Which what I'm gonna do about my money. Well I'm gonna cancel you. You're not gonna be charged. So you telling me I can't get in a Lyft because I can't fit in your car? Yeah. You need to order a bigger car. What make you think I can't fit in a car? Because the car is swollen in the Back. My best friend has a Benz that's newer than this that I can fit in. That's the same time. So you really telling me I'm too big to get in your car so I gotta order another lift. And I to be more and more specific with you. I got very tired. Tired. I got very tired. Tires. You Very tired. Tired. How big is she?


So I, I don dunno her actual weight, but she is a, a bigger girl. She show Minute picture. You know I do have a picture, You know, one of them table because it's different levels of big, you know like it look like a, like you big in the Front. There's a photo of big. Dang. She's a music artist too by the way. God. So she, oh I don, God bless her. So she, God bless her because she would cuss you out. She went off in the video. I don gonna say don't say God Bless. Why you say God bless her like that though? Well God Bless her. Emini here. She, She on her side. She Know I she ain't say it. She know our size. They ain't the type of people you can't be said for. I did my Homework called You did your homework. What? Yes. What happened? Yes. What did you Just say? Say nothing. I Just say I we just order xl. Why she didn't order driver said I did My homework. What's Your homework? The Benz was a C class that he was a picking her up in.


Oh no. The small Benzs. Yeah. And when I did my homework it says the weight limit is 1200. So she could have fit or she's nowhere near 1200. So she 1200 on weight limit for people or first in the Trunk already. Like what's already in. I ain't doing that research but yeah. 'cause It's Why you mad at the man for being honest? Yeah. He ain't say Because a, according to her attorney under the law of refusing someone to ride because of their weight is the same as refusing them to ride because of race or religion. Mm. According to her attorney. So she wants damages. She wants damages and she wants her attorney fees paid for. Now look, we denying him entry in here. We gotta let him we We gotta go Left Story up. We gotta come on. That was with the mess. Like come on Now was Big Mac. All right, that's The Breakfast Club.


Come on let's get to the mix. Like come on, Wake up, wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody, it's DJ Envy, Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a salute to Vivek Ram Swami for joining us this morning. Yes. Sal, Vic Ram Swami. Man. Man you know he's formerly of Doge. Doge was a, a agency created by the Trump administration and it was supposed to be Vivek and Elon Musk that was supposed to help with government efficiency. But Vivek walked away. That's right. Or he got pushed out. That's right. Arwin. Donald Trump rode back his DEI initiatives all across the country. They kicked him out. I don know which One it was. They Kicked him out. Okay. But something happened. Oh right. But he's no longer with them anymore. That's right. So if you wanna see that full interview, just hit up The Breakfast Club page on YouTube and also salute to Derrick Lewis for joining us.


Exetor from Pepsi. He graduated from Hampton. He has a new book out. He talks about how he got his job and how he climbed so high to that corporate ladder. And you can see that interview on Breakfast Club two page as well. All right, now when we come back, we got the positive notice The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jeff Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's time to get up outta here. Charlamagne, you got a positive note? I Do have a positive note and it simply is man, to protect your energy. It's okay to cancel a commitment. It's okay to change your mind. It's okay to want to be alone. It's okay to take a day off. It's okay to do nothing. It's okay to speak up and it's okay to let go to protect your peace. Have a blessed day. Breakfast Club Bitches.


Y'all finished or y'all done?


Hey guys, it's Dr. Josie from In the Vet's office. I may be a veterinarian, but first and foremost I'm a dog mom to three amazing pups And I would do anything for them to live long and healthy lives. That's where Pet Tivity comes in. Pet Tivity is re-imagining pet care with a family of devices and health kits that can help you care more proactively for the pets you love. Because everyone wants their pets to live long and happy lives. Pet Tivity health kits and smart pet products use data AI and best in class technology to learn your pet's behaviors and alert you to key changes that you can act on by equipping you with information that allows you to understand new facets of your pet's health and wellness. Pet TIV products can help you give your pet a voice and empower you to provide the best care possible. These products transform your pet's data into real insights about their wellbeing, giving you the peace of mind that you're going above and beyond for your pet. Visit P-E-T-I-V-I-T y.com to learn more. That's P-E-T-I-V-I-T y.com. To learn more,


Consider this is a Daily News podcast. And lately the news is about a big question. How much can one guy change? Day one change? What will change look like for energy Drill, baby drill, we're gonna schools take the department education close It, healthcare better And less expensive. Follow coverage of a changing country. Promises made, promises kept. We're gonna keep our promises On. Consider this from NPR. Listen on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts, John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more.


Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. $1.4 billion in NFL quarterback contracts. The untold stories behind the biggest deals in football history. I'm AJ Stevens, vice President of Client Strategy at Athletes First. Introducing the Athletes First Family Podcast, the quarterback series. My cohost Brian Murphy.


Athletes first, CEO, And I are sitting down with the agents who have negotiated contracts for Justin Herbert, Deshaun Watson, Dak Prescott, Tua tga, Viola and Jordan Love. Listen to Athletes First Family Podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.