
Oh, the places you'll go when you go in. Tom's the beloved family footwear brand. Over the years, we've learned a thing or two about style and comfort. Our fall collection offers hundreds of styles for women, men, and kids at great prices, boots, sneakers, wedges, loafers flats, and our iconic Allgas slip-ons. When you buy Tom's, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together, we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date, and we're just getting started. Shop the full fall assortment now@toms.com.


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouth watering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone every year with at and t. Next up, anytime at and t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming Fall 2024 with Sirn device language set to US English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may not be available on future iPhone. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject. To change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply to att.com/iphone. For details.


Moments like my daughter telling me a new joke mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away if you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough, or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor if you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


Turn it up. Music fans. This one's for you. Coke Studio is dropping fresh music and performances from artists you love like new Jeans. Carol G and Peggy Goo and K's giving you chances to win a trip to one of the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke or Coke. Zero sugar. 12 ounce. Can the unlock fan field music moments no purchase necessary. 13 plus in 50 US, DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility, and prize. availability@cokeurl.com slash Studio USA. Promo copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


Hey y'all. I'm Angela Rye here with my co-host, Andrew Gillum and Tiffany Cross. We know y'all are feeling anxious about the upcoming election. That's why we created Native Lamp Pod to help you cut through the noise and the nonsense. They Take grievances between black folk, white folks, so on and so forth. And then they manipulate it. Yes, black voters and Latino voters are clearly a big threat to the GOP. Take action this election cycle. Vote and listen to Native Land Pod on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Good morning. USA. Yo yo, Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo. Jess. Hilarious. Still on maternity leave. What up Long LaRosa? Good Morning, Charla. The guy. Peace of the Planet is Tuesday. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and highly favored, man. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. Well, we got a big show for you this morning. That's Right. We got a, a couple people checking in. 50 cent. You'll be stopping to A couple of my favorite people if I'm being, if I'm being quite honest with you. It's always a big show. That's The Breakfast Club. What you Mean? Talk that talk. Lauren You know we made something up. We Definitely not. Reggie Average is Good over the past, over the past 15 years.


Average is great though. I'm glad you transitioned from Reggie and let that Reggie go Mid. But yes, 50 cent will be here. That's right. Of course, he has his Las Vegas residency, which should be happening in December through January. So he'll be here to talk about that and host of other things. That's Right. And the Madam Vice President now candidate for President of United States, Kamala Harris. She'll be calling in this morning. That's right. Okay. She'll be calling in And I. Think there was a bit of confusion yesterday. What was the confusion People thought she was like, she pulled up. She could pull up because we posted in the building. Oh, You know. Just that's that's just slang sometime. Yeah. Yeah. But she'll she'll, she'll be checking, calling in this This morning. That's right. Yeah. It was a, I'm tired. I ain't gonna lie. It was a rough day for New York sports yesterday.


Jesus Christ. Yankees Loss Giants loss. Nicks loss. It's bad. I Could care less. I know you can. I'm from South Carolina. You know. I'm Just saying do like the Knicks though, huh? I do like the Knicks. Yeah. They Lost last night. They were winning the whole game too. And And I actually lost. I'm sorry to hear that. Yeah. But anyway, when Did The World series become a versus too? I saw that on, I saw that little online Ice Cube Versus IQ versus Fat. Joe. Fat Joe. Yeah. Fat Joe. Oh, they still, it's they cutting up still. But they was, we don't talk about it today. I didn't know Fat Joe was performing. I don't know why. I thought Jada Kiss was performing for some reason, I guess. 'cause I saw that maybe after Cube performed, everybody started talking about who should come out for New York. And so people were talking about Jada Kids coming out to dude at The World series. I bet. So. So I don't know why my mind was there.


But then Fat Joe came. Fat Joe. I feel like everything in New York is always like a, versus everything is competitive here. Well, it started with, of course, ice Cube. He came out, he opened up for the Dodge for the Dodgers and threw a couple of shots at the Yankees. So you knew the Yankees were gonna come back with somebody. And You know Fat Joe is, is really like the New York sports mascot when it comes to anything sports. So You know Joey Crack was gonna be there. Fat Joe could run for mayor in New York one day. I think so. I just don't think they had Joe's mic and stuff ready, but Right. It just, they didn't, it Was hard. I thought maybe Do they, they don't do like an in-ear situation in the city. Well, yeah. It looked like he had an in air situation. It just didn't, didn't sound right. It seems like this. It just didn't, it wasn't Check, Not moral of the story is, when's the parade in Los Angeles? Not Your mouth? Not yet. What's the parade? What you mean not check? Not yet. When's the parade in Los Angeles?


Y'all Game four is tonight. One game at a time. One game at a time. Oh, please. So explain to if they win tonight. What happened? Why you said that It's the best outta seven. Yeah. Three. So they still got a chance. That's right. We have a Chance. So why you count him out, Charla? Because he's a, when Is the parade in Los Angeles? Don? Nobody kept the cowboy people out, the Cowboys people. Y'all be online. Believe Everybody counted them out. But him every When is the parade in Los Los Angeles Sky and, okay, I have a dream. And people that try rock. So don't Destroy NB One game at a time. One game at a A time. Hey la, when's the parade? We'll win tonight. One game at a time. Let's get the show crack. We got front page news of Morgan Wood. We'll be back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. All right. Morning everybody. We all The. Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess ais.


Let's get some fucking drop. Include Bump with Kendrick Lamar not like us. Man. When the Dodgers win The World series, they gonna be playing that song so much. If they're not already playing it so much already. And Be what, what might the, the Dodge What tonight? Tonight is game four. We have to play one game at a time. Take one game at a time. Yes. The Dodgers did win last night, four to two. But we have a game four tonight. Abby, how many, how many teams have come back from 3.0 in The World series Ever? None. Okay. One. You said one who No, it wasn't. I said They said none. None. The World series. Yeah. Three. Oh in The World series Zero. None. I looked it up and they said zero One butt hole. The Yankees could change that. Okay. All right.


What up, Morgan? I'm not sure. Good morning y'all. Hey, envy Charlamagne Lauren. Good morning to y'all. Okay, so the countdown for election day Tuesday, November 5th, seven days away on top of the front page news is you making sure you exercise your right to vote. With that said, president Biden, he officially casted his ballot in this year's presidential election. Yesterday. He traveled to his hometown of Wilmington, Delaware. Who did he vote For? He doesn't know. I don't trust him. Who did he, who did he vote for? He doesn't know what happened. Does he wearing And that's what Was he wearing his MAGA hat when he voted? Who did he vote for? Here we go. He was outside of my hood, though. Oh, okay. Shout out Delaware. Shout out Wilmington. Oh my goodness. Yeah.


So he did that yesterday morning before getting back on the campaign trail for Vice President Harris, which, wink, wink. Maybe that's who he voted for, if not for himself. You know that. Anyways, let me not get too much into that. Okay. So after voting, he spoke to reporters about calling for a ceasefire in the Israel Hamas war. And he also shared his thoughts on former President Donald Trump's rally at Madison Square Garden. Let's hear those comments from Biden after voting. Just simply embarrassing. It's beneath any president, but that's what we're getting used to. That's why the selection's so important. You know. Most of presidential scholars I've spoken to talk about the single most consequential thing about a President's character, character.


And there's, he puts that in question every time he opens the, Yeah. So his character. So Biden also said it's dangerous that to think that Trump could be in touch with Russian president Vladimir Putin about what's going on overseas in the, in the Ukraine and Russian boar. He also called Elon Musk. Million dollar giveaway for registered voters who sign a petition in support of free speech and the Second Amendment totally inappropriate. When a reporter asked if it was election interference, the president said it was totally inappropriate. So far, 42 million people across the country have voted early last week. Democratic Pres, vice presidential nominee, Tim Walls, he voted early in Minnesota, alongside with his son, Vice President.


Kamala, Harris And, former President Trump, have yet to cast their ballots. Biden is scheduled to be back on the campaign trail today. Can I? He will speak Baltimore and also travel to Pennsylvania. What's that shark? I just Wanna say something. See, this is what I'll be having a problem with. When sometimes these folks be talking about individuals like what Elon Musk isn't doing, it's not just inappropriate, it's, it's potentially illegal. So why don't they call Call It What It Is. This is why people don't understand You know the consequences of things. And this is why they don't understand You know what, what the truth threats are and what, what the real problems and why people when people are doing wrong, because they don't call it wrong. It's not inappropriate. It's potentially illegal. The Justice Department already warned Elon Musk, that You know what he's doing is potentially illegal.


Yes. By violating the Logan Act is what you're speaking of. And or in reference to the Logan Act, which says that You know basically you cannot interfere with elections or You know bribe people or use your oligarch, excuse me, influence to sway elections in any kinda way. Speaking of which election, but what Is potentially no, no illegal? Lemme take that back. Take that back. It's not potential. The Justice Department warned Elon Musk is' America Pac that his $1 million sweepstakes the registered voters in 20 states may violate federal law. That's it. So why are they saying things like inappropriate, like Call, It, What, It, Is. Alright, well, speaking of inappropriate, we definitely should call this what this is speaking about.


Speaking of elections, you guys know what's happening out in Oregon and Washington state? Yes. No? Yes. Okay. So authorities say the fires, there were fires set at ballot boxes in Oregon and Washington state. They are linked. The fires at two ballot boxes in Portland area last yesterday have been linked through the discovery of, in I incendiary devices, to a fire at a Vancouver Washington ballot box. Earlier this month now, port Portland police have identified a suspect caught on video saying it appears to be a black or dark colored 2001 to 2004 Volvo as 60. That is missing a front plate. And anyone with information, of course, should reach out to authorities in regards to that local law enforcement and FBI are investigating those fires damaged ballot boxes in Portland and Vancouver.


Mike Brenner with the Portland Police says they have a lead on a vehicle of interest. And we'll also hear from malt Noma County elections Director Tim Scott, who talks about how the fires were extinguished and what happens next with those ballots. Let's hear from the Portland officials. Through that collaboration and analysis of surveillance footage, we have identified a suspect vehicle connected to this. The fire suppression devices inside the box extinguished any fire almost immediately. We were able to clearly read the voter's names on those ballots. So we will be reaching out directly to, to those that were impacted.


Yeah. So three ballot boxes were damaged and county elections are contacting those voters. I'd be mad if I had the You know I'd already cast my ballot in. My mom went to do early voting yesterday, and they, where she's always been voting for years, they changed the location, but they didn't send out any notice to people. So there were so many people that didn't have, like, they were trying to figure out ways to get to these new locations. And she was like, that's just so, like a lot of people didn't have the transportation. Like they had people had carpool to this one location, but no one, they didn't send out any notification early enough to let You know that it was changing. Which is like crazy to me. Yeah. See? All right. Y'all pay attention out there. We'll get caught up with what's going on on the campaign trail with Trump and Vice President Harris at seven.


So stick around for more front page news then. Alright. Everybody Else she be, she'll be calling us this morning too. That's right. Yeah. The vice president. Sure. Will everybody else get it off your chest? 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If you need to vent phone lines wide open again. (800) 585-1051 is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast. Club. Ray. Ray. Ray. Yo. Char man. Dvy, what up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a outdoor pool. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. We can get On the phone right now. He'll tell you what. It's we lie. Hello? Who's This? My name's Sean. Hey Sean.


Peace. Good morning, envy. Good morning Charlotte. Good morning Laura. A massive fan. Good morning. Thank You Breta. So I was calling because of yesterday about the Donkey of the day. Yes sir. And the comedian making those juice. Yep. So my main thing is Tony, that guy, he isn't he known for being a roast comedian? Yep. That's what he does. So isn't it kind of just as generous kind of tossed it out as like something that like, oh, he is being racist. He's being racist When You know that's like his thing. No, I tell you why. The reason I gave them Donkey Day is because if you're running a campaign, you're running a campaign to be a president of all of America. So why with seven days left, would you put somebody on stage to insult key voting groups that You know you need in these swing states?


Yeah, That was stupid. That was definitely stupid. Okay, so you understand why gave Donkey Day that? And I'm gonna tell you something else. Yeah, yeah. Didn't you call yesterday to talk about the crowd size with Trump? No. No. No. Oh, I thought that was you. Not At all my first time ever calling. Alright, well thank you. I listen to everything though. I listen to you. I listen to Brilliant Idiots. I listen to flagrant. I listen to kill Tony. I'm like, thank you. I I'm in there. I I got, I know what's happening. Nah, kill Tony does these kind of jokes. I mean, You know. One of the jokes he said at the Roast with Tom Brady I thought was hilarious. Yeah. Not hilarious. It was kind of crazy. Exactly. Like the the Confederate thing. No, The Fred hadn't. No, that wasn't the one I was thinking about. I was thinking about the one where he said, Kevin Hart's so small.


Oh, the cotton. When he picked cotton he deadlift or something like that. Jesus Christ. Yeah. Yeah. You know. But I mean, well That's why. Yeah. That's crazy. Well, thank you brother. Hello. Who's this, That Baptist calling from Dayton, Ohio. What's good? What up Jack? Get it off your chest, brother. DJ Envy man. Good to hear you bro. I'm a real big fan from back in the day on the smack DVD, you feel me? Thank you brother. Yeahs, main man. Peace. I was, I was watching the interview Shale main listening. Yeah, I'm Listening right here. What interview? The Lord Trump interview. Oh, okay. Okay. Why it look like you was taking the dump the whole time, bro. Why? It looked like I was taking a dump. Not The consequences. Yeah, you had the doodoo face on the whole time.


I don't know. You seen me, you was giving, you seen me take a dump before to know what my dooo face looked like. I Know what it looked like when you trying to squeeze a hard one out baby. And that's what, what's looking like. You feel me? Damn. What'd it look like when you try to squeeze a hard one in Jesus? I don't know nothing about that You. know what I'm saying? See, you always go too far. Thank you Jack. But hey, hey, lemme just say something real quick about inflation. Inflation is not the cost of goods going up, but the but the value of the dollar going down is the defacing of the currency. That's something you'll never hear on the news or you'll never read on the internet because they don't want you to know what they doing to the currency out here.


That's why Lord Trump told you to say it twice. Soma, when you said inflation is down but prices is up. That's the oxymoron baby. Well that's also the truth. Inflation is down. It's that 2.4%. Get it off your chest. 800 The lowest point. It's the Lord's been in like three years. Five eight five one oh five one. Call us up right now is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The Breakfast Club. This Is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're math or Blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with near is blessed. Call up next (800) 585-1051. Not just me, I'm with the coach of feeling.


Hello, who's this? Hi, this is Crystal from South Florida. Hey, good morning Crystal. Get it off your chest. Crystal. Good morning. Good morning. I wanna talk to the undecided voters Dog to Here in South Florida. It's pretty nasty down here, but one week away. And one thing I wanna make very clear to people that inflation is around The. World. So there's some people who think that inflation is just a, a Democrat thing here in the United States. In actuality happening in every country. Having money allocated for separate funding is also something that's also only not in the United States helping immigrants when they cross the border.


That's not just the United States thing. But You know one thing that is democracy. And you have a candidate right now who literally says, I wanna be a dictator. And anybody who's from another country, especially these Cubans down here You, know what it's like to live in a country with a dictatorship. And the thing is, they don't realize what it's like to have police do something to your family. You can't do anything about it. To have no funding for your schools, no funding for college, no funding for your kids with autism and all these different things. Having no right to choose as a woman, to have a dying fetus in your body and not be able to do anything about it, to sit there and possibly die.


The 2025 thing is real. It's a real thing. And what I don't understand is why is it one week away? And all these threats to you as a person are not important. But you thinking that you're gonna get a check from this man who don't care about none of y'all is important to you. All these Latinos down here, they try to separate their self and say, oh well he wasn't talking about us. We're just no, he don't like none of us. And that's what people, I don't understand. I don't know why people think they're gonna suddenly be rich. If anything, you're gonna have less rights if this man crosses over. Yeah. I don't think they remember what it was like. You not wrong when you Right. Thank Crystal you not wrong when you Right. Crystal, Thank you.


You have a great morning. Have a great morning. Thank you. You too. Hello. Who's this? This is Will, how are you? What's up? Will get it off your chest brother. Yeah. I Carolina And I Wanna say, I was speaking to the young boss this week for the age of 22 to 40. And I asked them were they going support Kala? And they said No And. I said, why not? They said, because she up thousands and thousands of young black men. So I said, my young brother, where did you get this information? And he said, off the internet. I said to him, the same you to look up NBA player of that football player of that, why can't you go to the internet, do your own research, do your due diligence before you just get fed forth misinformed information.


Don't be misinformed, be informed. But I'm gonna say this, if someone tell you and show you who they are and you still don't believe them, then I don't know what you're looking at. Because the same standard that they would hold Kamala to, if she would have Kevin Hart get on stage and set of some of the things that the comm to commit comedian this week, Don to they would was. So we gotta speak and keep the same energy as the poor that we young black men do. When we research these facts on athletes, don't be Mr. Man. It's too serious of election for the bs.


Yeah, I mean You know. Thank you brother. I don't know if they've done the best job of You know correcting that. But You know. If you go back and you watch the town hall that me and the vice president did, that was the first question I brought up. 'cause that's always the first piece of misinformation I hear about her. It's Just crazy that she keeps talking about it and it's still like, yeah, She makes, Even when she was up here, we talked about it a long time ago Before the record, You know over her seven years as top prosecutor, her attorneys won 1,956 misdemeanor and felony convictions for marijuana possession, cultivation our sale. But conviction rates aside, only 45 people were sentenced to state prison for marijuana convictions during Kamala Harris's seven years in office.


Get it off your chest. That's just the facts. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, you can hit us up. Now we got just with the Mess with Law LaRosa coming up. We Do. And Gisele Kin. Tom Brady's ex-wife is pregnant. And yes it is by Joe Queen Lente. So we are gonna, who The hell is Joe Queen? Who is That? Joe? That is the, remember that's the trainer. Yeah. Remember she was the, the kids. It was like the karate trainer teacher that she was spending the time with and damn trainers. Then it became her boyfriend. Now that they been together for a little second, now she's pregnant. And look, there's, we gonna get into it. 'cause it it is a whole thing. Okay. All right. We'll talk about that next. It's The, Breakfast Club. Good morning. Damn trainers. The Breakfast, Club.


Morning everybody. It's dj DJ NV Jess Charlemagne, the guy we are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. And let's get to Jess with the Mess with Lauren LaRosa. Real Jessica Robin Moore. Jess don't do no lying. She Don't spare. Nobody Bro. Why Jess? Well mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coaches with Lauren. Lauren Osa. And. I got the Mess. Talk. Talk to me. Okay y'all, so let's get on into the mess. So Gisele Kin You know former Victoria Secret supermodel, ex-wife now of Tom Brady, who she shares two kids with.


One kid I believe is like 11. The other kid is 14. Yes. One kid is 11, one kid is 14, was with them for some time. And you guys remember their divorce was like a whole thing, right? People were like, what the heck is going on? They were blaming the way Tom Brady was playing her, playing on her and the divorce. It was a lot happening after that divorce happened. Sis popped out in Costa Rica with a guy named Joaquin Lente. The trainer. The trainer. The the kids Ju-jitsu trainer.


Did You know there's no Tom at Toms, our name reflects our commitment to creating better tomorrows this season embrace cozy comfort with Toms from Chic Boots and everyday sneakers to wedges in our iconic Alpr. Gods slip-ons, our cloud bound insoles deliver exceptional cushioning, perfect for morning meetings, yoga sessions, farmer's markets, and quiet moments at home. When you buy Tom's, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date. And we're only getting started Shop Fall Footwear Essentials now@toms.com.


Hey there, my little creeps. It's your favorite ghost host, Theresa. And guess what? Hunting is back. Drop it just in time for spooky season. Now I know you've probably been wandering the Mortal plane, wondering when I'd be back to fill your ears with deliciously unsettling stories. Well wonder no more because we've got a Ghoulishly good lineup ready for you. Let's just say things get a bit extra. We're talking spirits, demons, and the kind of supernatural chaos that'll make your spooky season complete. You know how much I love this time of year. It's the one time I'm actually on trend. So grab your pumpkin spice dust off that Ouija board. Just don't call me unless it's urgent. And tune in for new episodes every week. Remember, the veils are thin, the stories are spooky. And your favorite ghost host is back and batter than ever. Listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey everyone, it's Jay Shetty And I. Am so excited to let You know that my latest podcast interview is with the one and only Tom Hanks. Tom rarely does long form interviews. So I was so grateful to have the time to dive deep into family mental health and the mindset behind his long successful career. Dude, I travel light And I can travel light emotionally. Mike, I'm done. There's stuff that I cannot control. I have left many of wonderful atmosphere or a loving atmosphere or a friendly atmosphere. And like Ernie Banks, the You know the ball player for the Chicago Cubs without ever looking back, without thinking, oh, things were really wonderful back then. I wish I was back there, Jay, I don't think I've ever thought that. Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Trust me, you won't want to miss this one.


Hey fam, I'm Simone Boyce. I'm Danielle Robe And we're the hosts of the Brightside the Daily podcast from Hello Sunshine that is guaranteed to light up your day every Weekday we bring you conversations with the culture makers who inspire us. Like a recent episode with Grammy Award-winning Rapper Eve on her new memoir and the moments that made her, It became a theme in my life. The underdog syndrome of being questioned of the, would they say this to a man? No, they would not like why? That was one of those moments where you're just like, oh wow. It was a bit shocking, but it didn't take any steam away or anything like that. If anything, it was more of the, okay, I'll show you. No worries. Listen To the Brightside from Hello Sunshine on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome home y'all. 72 days, 47 days only. There are 33 Count 'em, 33 days until election Day. Do something. Hey y'all, I'm Angela Rye here with my co-host, Andrew Gillum and Tiffany Cross of Native Lamb po. So listen, we are all feeling so anxious about this upcoming election. And I know you guys are too. I am scared. Okay, You know what I'm bracing for right now, honestly is this October surprise. The October Surprise is the war. The one we need to talk about. Democracy is on the line. That's why we created Native Land Pod to give voice to the voiceless and duet tip Cut through the nonsense. They take splinters and us population grievances between black folk, white folks, so on and so forth. And then they manipulate it. Yes, Black voters and Latino voters are clearly a big threat to the GOP. Welcome home, y'all. Welcome home. Listen to Native Lamb Pod on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Now here's the thing, when they first popped out together, she downplayed it like, no, he's just my kids trainer. He's only traveling with us because my kids are with us. We're just friends. It's nothing. And then it was confirmed that they started dating. So they began dating in June of 2023. Now yesterday people Magazine people broke the news that Gisele is expecting a baby with Joaquin. Now this is insane. Like this is like such a big turn of events because it's like they literally were just friends then it was like, oh well we're friends, but You know we fell in love and now we're dating and we're, they literally have really statements saying we're taking it slow. She's secure and happy, but she's busy with life.


You know she doesn't have time to dwell on any of the negatives and they're just taking us so and none. They're expecting a whole kid. Well Congratulations today. Yes. It's just, and y'all are not like this isn't, y'all weren't invested in this when it happened. I could tell. I don't care now. Not really. But I'll tell you one thing. They been, why did you care? They been smashing. Yeah, She's five to six months pregnant. She's somewhere two Time. No, it was smashing before that. They said they started dating June, 2023. Yeah. And the condom already off. He already going wrong. They been smashing for some, she Divorced so she Damn trainers. Boy Yo, the trainers be, it's like Cassie too. Cassie. Cassie baby started going with the trainer. She started going with the trainer. She divorced trainers. Boy, you training us are like Usher. She divorced Tom Brady or her and Tom Brady got divorced in October of 2022.


And then in June, 2023 is when they begin dating. But they were first spotted together a little bit time before that for the Costa Re Costa Rica trip. So yeah, it's been going down literally. So how old is you? Gisele is 44. And the trainer Wakim is 37 Now they don't know the what the baby young Trainer too. Hello? Yeah. He been smashing since he's 33, 34. Hey young Trainer. I, I ain't mad at this baby. Get out there, do your thing. Okay. Now they don't know the sex of the baby. They're waiting until they have the baby to find out whether there's gonna be a boy or a girl. So, okay. And there were reports because Tom Brady had like posted this like weird random thing. Like it was very cryptic making, it kind of seemed like when the news was released that like, he was like feeling away.


But there was other reports that were put out that that, that had nothing to do with it. She did let Tom Brady, and of course her children know that she was expecting a baby way before the, the news broke. So there's, okay, no drama from what You know is being reported right now. You old the Women better stop letting 'em young boys smash Raw. Okay? That's all they know. And I'm gonna tell you something else about them young boys. Hey, but He's 37 and accomplished. He's grown. Lemme tell you something else about them young boys. They out here smashing each other raw too. So you keep it up. Oh right, yo, Keep it on up. Jesus, You all in now. You all in the business. Let them people. It's just a bigger message for all to hold. The women out there think that the grass is greener on the younger side of the meat. It's not greener. The grass is, it might be green, it could be any color.


It's a rainbow. All right, so Fat Joe in The World series yesterday. So yesterday Fat Joe performed here in New York. And people like, I don't know why they turned this into a battle like so Ice Cube had performed because It's LA for the Dodge first New York. Its always gonna be that. I get it. But when, when Ice Cube performed for the Dodgers, he threw a little shot. So then that kind of sparked it. Let's take a listen to threw a couple of shots. Let's take a listen to Ice Cube Before any of you Yankees get heart homie. Rewind my part. Singing. When you come to Our town, when you west with We Ain't No Haters. Like you bow down to a team that's greater than you.


When you come to Our town, y'all, when you west with y'all, La just won this year. Like You know every, every so often there's You know there's a city that You know Undisputably wins. Hip hop LA got that in 2024. It's not even close. Well Let's take a listen to Fat Joe at the Yankee Yankee game yesterday. You know Stan Lee. Homie got the whole lead. Shook saying, nah Joe, go let him loose on me too. Sorry. Bringing the team back. Even the dogs is forced to lead back. Dre said Grind Cook. Now we killing them all. People saying must five punch book pinch stripes on top of the Phantom. He the pinky got like the ring real shatter.


Pick Joe Crack lady C for that. You already know the Xs. Where the team be at. I don't like the way social media was trying to do Fat Joe. They like, okay, the Dodgers had Ice Cube and we got Fat Joe. Like what do you mean Fat? Joe is the mascot of New York sports in the Bronx. The perfect person to do that. His sound was effed up, but he's the wrong mama. The sound was completely off. Fat. Joe was the perfect person to do That. The sound was completely off now. Absolutely. People were throwing this out there like how you mentioned earlier, like how do he used to do a verse like who should, who should have been the match for Ice Cube? And people did want to see Jada Kiss out there. People did wanna see Jada Kiss out there. And. I get it. The verses was Big You know, I I get all that. I, but I Love, I love J Don. Don't Fat. Joe was the one y'all Can't Sandwich is messed up. Fact Fat Joe was the guy. He was, he was the Guy. Yeah. I don't know if the Dodgers gonna sweep the Yankees.


They gonna win the series, but I don't know if they're gonna sweep. They're not. But the sound man definitely swept Fat. Joe. I'll tell you that. And I know Rich screamed on somebody last night I saw It. Two screaming Tara squad a gentleman. But somebody got a stern talking to last night. I'm sure because it, it is not that Fat Joe isn't a great matchup for Ice Cube. It's just that the sound was messed up. We know Fat, Joe got the hitch right And You know when you're telling people to lean back and you're down two. Oh now three. Oh it just don't hit the same. No, just don't hit the same. Don't lean back. Sit up and pay attention that that's Right. It just Don't hit both hands on the steering wheel. That's all. It just don't hit the same. You down too old Joe. Now y'all down three old that's ain't hit the same. That's it. When two was out saying bow down Yo And they winning in the series was one Different C Look at Envy leaning back over.


No, they was, they done sit up. They got no not sit up. We back to, we back tonight. Yeah, I understand. We back tonight. We winning tonight. One thing about tomorrow, one thing about people in New York that I've learned since I've been here, y'all play everything cool. I think you should sit up on this. Nah, we so sit up, pull your seat up to desk. Not worried. We not concerned. No, we're Pitching for the Dodgers tonight. That robot, they got that, that robot that got freaking, he's not real by the way. I'm telling y'all what's his name? His shoulder messed up. Right? I know that's right. Sit up. That he Not pitching. What's his name? Yeah, He's he's real. He's not real. No, not real. He's not. I don't think He's real. Oh, he's not pitching. We Need to check him. Okay. We need to check him, right? Yeah. Let's, let's check and make sure he unplug his battery or something. 'cause he gets busy. He's, he's too good. I'm glad he's good. Alright. Why something to look because I mean, just something positive to look forward to all the time.


They said the amount of people watching The World series now is, is astronomical because I think they said like 15.9 people in Japan is watching it. Right. Jesus. Crazy. It's Crazy. All them bull ass people see that commercial with us in there. That outta context commercial that Trump keep running. I got family members calling me like, what Is this? Oh, it's Disgusting. All right. Kamala's calling next hour. The vice president is calling the next alibi. She Sure already. You wanna say the score again? No, I don't wanna Say don't score. No, no. When we come back we got front page news. I'll do it in front page news. Okay. And then 50 cent will be joining us. And like Charlamagne said, Kamala be checking in. So don't go anywhere at The. Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake up. Wake Up. You're locked into The. Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's djj. nv Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The, Breakfast, Club Laura filling in for Jes and let's get in some front page news.


Last night was a horrible night for New York. Fourth, the Yankees lost to the Dodgers. Four two. Game four is tonight. It's through a die tonight. I Do want the Yankees Don. Well if the Yankees won tonight it go back to la. Go back to LA. No, no, no. Fifth game in New York. Fifth game in New York. Yeah. Yeah. So we have fourth game, fourth game, fifth game in New York. Then sixth game is back Now well go Ahead and close it out tonight LA 'cause see, I like to see teams win. They win The World series or the Super Bowl or the NBA championship in their actual hometown. And You know LA's been having such a great year because of Kendrick You know, so, oh my God, that would be dope. But nah, it ain't gonna go. It ain't gonna go. They not gonna win too more games. All Right. My Knicks lost last night in the Giants lost to the Steelers. 18 to 26. Alright, Congratulations. Your team lost two.


What up Morgan? I'm congratulating the Steelers. What I gotta do with the James The Tomatoes. Good morning y'all. No good morning Envy. Charlamagne two Feelings. No. All right Y So yes, the countdown is on election day Tuesday, November 5th, seven days away. Officially a week away. And on top of the front page news is making sure you exercise your right to vote. Vice, President, Kamala, Harris, And Running mate, Tim Walls, they held a rally in Michigan last night where she made her final push for votes in this upcoming election. Let's hear those comments from P Harris in Michigan. We can keep going all night, but one of the reasons we will win is because we are all in this together.


We are all in this together. People from every walk of life understanding that the vast majority of us have so much more in common than what separates us. And we here are fighting for the future. We are fighting for the future. And we understand the opportunity that we have before us to turn the page on the fear and divisiveness that have characterized our politics for a decade because of Donald Trump. Yeah. So any thoughts on that? Should be Calling in at seven o'clock. Yeah. Should be calling, I mean no, eight o'clock. Eight o'clock. So we calling at eight 8:00 AM I do have a question.


So tonight or today is her last rally, right? It's her last rally and she's doing it on a ellipse. Why? Yeah, why is today the last one? She's doing it on her el lips. No ellipse. Ellipse is the basically south of the south lawn at the White House. So I will actually, or I'm actually supposed to be attending that rally. I'm not sure why this is Oh No dude. This's not, tonight's not like a rally tonight is like her closing speech. She'll still be on the trail over the next few days. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Tonight is just like her closing speech. Why Call they closing speech then if she's still gonna be out and about On, because it's probably her f her last major speech before the the election. That's why. Oh, they're saying this is gonna be draw quite the crowd tonight projected something like 20 K should be there.


And there's also speculation around the S symbolism that the location is the same of that where Donald Trump spoke on January 6th when he was saying You know stand back and standby and all of that. Yeah. So yeah, she will be addressing a crowd from that same location. Meanwhile, former President Trump, he held two events in the battleground state of Georgia yesterday where he called the state great and beautiful and full of Patriots. So he does know how to be nice to people, right? He asked voters a question in his final push for the White House. Let's hear those comments from Trump's rally in Georgia. So I'd like to begin by asking a very simple question, are you better off now than you were four years ago?


I don't think so. I'm here today with a message of hope for all Americans with your vote in this election. Can you imagine seven days we, not me, we will end inflation. We will stop the invasion of criminals coming into our country and we will bring back the American dream. We're gonna bring it back. We're gonna bring it back. We're gonna bring it back so big and so beautiful. Our country will be bigger. Our country will be better and bolder and richer and safer and stronger than ever before That. That's a lie though, when people, when you I was gonna say, it sounds so nice, right?


It sounds like no, So not it sounds political, but he, but when he says You know, are you better off now than you were four years ago? Four years ago we was in Covid. Okay. It was a pandemic depending on where you at. You were, we were all in the house. And we were in the house because of the, of the mishandling of the Covid Ovid 19 pandemic because of Donald Trump. You know what's crazy. Covid Covid was such a time, it don't feel like four years ago it felt like it literal, but it, it feels like it just happened still. Like I feel like I remember being in the house and being scared and like trying to figure out what was about To happen. We might have just been getting back to work. November of 2020. Crazy. Matter of fact, I think we came back. That's crazy. We Came back. I we came back once in September because that's when I announced the Black Effect Podcast Network.


Then go back. And I think you might have came back maybe October, November. I don't remember. I don't remember. I'm telling you, I would forget the year too if I didn't have a baby that year. I'm, I was one of those. Yep. Oh, You had Covid Baby. I sure did. Yep. If she wasn't walking around four years old right now, I would've forgot the whole thing. But Trump went on to say that the nation needs religion because it's like, it's like the glue that holds it together. He al also on the campaign trail. JD Vance Tim Walls, they will be in Wisconsin. So it it c we are down to the wire here guys, get out and vote if you, you can early and You know. Yeah. Exercise that. Right. So let's bring things home to New York 'cause that's what y'all based out of Governor Kathy Hoel, she is vowing to protect voting rights and, and monitor public safety during the 2024 general election.


The governor says she has teamed up with New York State Attorney Leticia James and other agencies to respond to anything that may stop someone from voting and ensure election integrity. Let's hear more from New York. Governor Kathy Hoel. New Yorkers should be confident no matter where you live or where you vote, you'll be able to cast that vote safely and without issue. A recent poll shows that 62% of Americans, 62% worry about post-election violence. That it could be least somewhat likely. Now that's extremely disturbing. And I promise you that New York stands ready to manage any election related protests, demonstrations, or whatever in the hours and days following November 5th.


There will be post-election violence, especially if the Vice President wins. There will definitely be pockets of post-election violence. There will definitely be a bunch of people around the country who will refuse to certify the results of the election. Like it's going be, it's going to be Hell You know if the vice President wins. It just is like, I don't know why we are acting like it's not going to be. We know it's gonna be, oh, come on. How long do you think before the results come down? Four years ago? It took a few days. So do you think it'll take a few days this time around? Depends. It took a few days, but it depends if it's close or it depends on You know if there if, if if somebody wins by a significant amount, it depends. But there will be post-election, post-election of violence if the vice president wins and they are going to try to steal the election if they're gonna try to steal the election regardless.


The World we live is just so crazy. Stop the steal. So let me wrap it up with this. A few survey reports. A majority of Americans believe that we'll have a clear winner for president. 58% of Trump supporters say they're confident that it will be a clear who won the presidential election. After all votes are counted, that number is higher among Harris supporters at 85%. So we will see what happens. We've got less than a week away. It's really exciting. So again, yes, go out there and vote because democracy is on the line. That's your front page news on Morgan Wood. Follow me on socials y'all at Morgan Media. M-O-R-G-Y-N-M-E-D-I-A And for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network or download the free iHeartRadio App and visit us at BIN news.com.


Thank you Morgan. Thank y'all. All right. Now when we come back, 50 will be joining us. He's doing his residency in Vegas. We gonna talk to him about that and more. So don't move us. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Justin hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Justin is still on maternity leave. Lauren la is filling in. Hey. And we got a special guest in the building. The legend. Hey 50 cent ladies and gentlemen. I'm here. I'm here baby. I'm here fighting early. Well, first and foremost Jess said she wants that bottle signed. Yeah, I'm gonna sure I'm sign Mark Over there too. First and foremost, she said make sure FIV signs the bottle. What I told fiv, Jess want a roll in something. She, She didn't want that too. She asked for that too. You know what? Slow her down.


This, she would've already been in in power if, if she was or 'cause I have been. Why you shooting New York? Don't tell me that. She won't come back. She don't Tell her you shoot in New York. Why? She can't do Both? Nah, I just wouldn't it what happened was, like we had talked about doing something, there was a role, actually me and Mary had a project that was like the Brady Bunt. It's like a new urban version of it. And it, it had, I watched just with her son, And I saw that And I was like, yo, she should play that. Like we should put her in in this thing. And then we had, it was in development for a while. A lot of projects don't actually make it to television a lot. That one specifically, it fell apart. I had a husband and wife writer team that we just couldn't get it over the wall with the, with the scripts. So that one, You know we just went back to the drawing board.


But I had some things that I was looking to adjust for already. 'cause I was like, I watch people online, And, I see like they working and, and there's no real, like they're trying to monetize the material that they putting out, but it's not a big payday. Like as big as it could be when they're on, on the show like network TV or streaming Platforms. So I look and see who's, who's really working because some of 'em stand out. They just, it's just, it's just works out the gate. Like she was one of them. Like look at this. I ain't even see this till just now. Good morning. Tell 50 cent I love him and I'm still waiting for him to put me in. See? Nah, this is real. For real. She says last night, now we got a lot of people coming this week, right? One of them, Kamala Harris is checking him. All these people on the list. The first thing she says, man, 50 gonna be there tomorrow.


Yo, tell 'em I said, what's up And I. Wish I could have seen them have 'em record a video saying something to me or something. Man, I'm mad as a, I'm not gonna be there. So she need her job, she need her drop. She want this sign. You got something To do. I gotta do some stuff for her before I leave. I think you get a lot of that 'cause you, you you so accessible still. Yeah, I, I talked to her like I saw, I saw her working And I. I, I started DMing her and was talking to her about it already, like long before because I was like, yo, nah this is, it would fit perfect here. Just trying to place it in a big part instead of a like a cameo or something. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Was what, what held it up? Well you still got time. Yeah. Yeah. You still got a lot of shows. One of the things I always wanted to ask you man, why was Shreveport the destination spot for your studio? It was 'cause they already had the infrastructure. Like they had already had the tax incentive, everything there to have a business be functional.


Like if you think about like New York, LA the studios out here, they're paying 58% the taxes. So if you was on the 39%, you already going out of business. If you don't scale back, you are already going outta business. So a lot of them that didn't make adjustments in California, I'm buying equipment from their companies out there. Filed bankruptcy For, for cheap prices. Wow. Hey, Pennies on the dollar Now. Now break down Shreveport. 'cause a lot of people have never been to Shreveport. Yeah. How much did you spend that, that weekend? Because About 5 million Outta your own money. Yeah, because there was no, you didn't have no, no pon, no huge sponsor system. Nothing like that. All out your pocket. You built the club. People don't understand what you did. And it's hard to describe it. Like you built your own club, you built your own car show, fit gym, you brought your own restaurants.


Like you built a city in Shreveport for that weekend. But just to show them what would happen because then you get 35,000 people to come to the top. The tax, the hotel taxes where people staying in, not only on the street bus side, but the Boger side. They, they raised the hotel prices. When they see so many, the, the demand for it, the, the flights went from $239 to $1,200. Coach. Yes. You know what I mean? And you going, man, why y'all just can't leave it $200, leave it there because we need everybody to come. You know. But it it, it almost was, it builds excitement when you, when you do it the first time and it's successful like that they, they showed out like the people of Shreveport not having any altercations or not doing anything.


I think it also attributes to the morale of law enforcement because when, when they being paid, like I was paying them damn their $65 an hour. So I had to put, spend additional 600,000. But they were in a good space. So they're not looking to arrest you. They're looking to keep everything cool. And I think that temperament when you afford law enforcement, when they come out there like that, everybody chills out. 'cause it's like they're not even tripping while we tripping or I don't, you don't wanna prove nothing when everything's going smooth. So everybody got taken care of except for Hurricane Chris. I was literally about to say all of that. And Hurricane Chris still has something to say. I know you posted a clip of Him money, but do people, they, they need to try and sell a record that's a part of our coach also. Right? And and that publicity tried to build some sort of noise to drop a record and it didn't work.


'cause it's just like when the whole event and everything is positive and you come with, I'm gonna kill somebody Energy. And they go for what? Exactly. For building the economy in a city that needs it. When you got that many people there that understand it, the smarter people that's there look and go, this food just want clicks on the thing, like on the on the machine. 'cause you, you can't, there's nothing negative about it because you can't find a negative point in that. Specifically, I took away from hip hop and made it human harmony. Did You know there's no Tom


At Toms, our name reflects our commitment to creating better tomorrows. This season embrace cozy comfort with Toms from Chic Boots and everyday sneakers to wedges in our iconic Alpr. Gods Slip-ons. Our cloud bound insoles deliver exceptional cushioning, perfect for morning meetings, yoga sessions, farmer's markets, and quiet moments at home. When you buy Toms, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date and we're only getting started Shop Fall Footwear Essentials now@toms.com.


Hey there my little creeps. It's your favorite ghost host Theresa. And guess what? Hunting is back dropping just in time for spooky season. Now I know you've probably been wandering the mortal plane, wondering when I'd be back to fill your ears with deliciously unsettling stories. Well wonder no more because we've got a ghoulishly good lineup ready for you. Let's just say things get a bit extra. We're talking spirits, demons, and the kind of supernatural chaos that'll make your spooky season complete. You know how much I love this time of year. It's the one time I'm actually on trend. So grab your pumpkin spice dust off that Ouija board. Just don't call me unless it's urgent and tune in for new episodes every week. Remember, the veils are thin, the stories are spooky, and your favorite ghost host is back and batter than ever. Listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey everyone, it's Jay Shetty And I. Am so excited to let You know that my latest podcast interview is with the one and only Tom Hanks. Tom rarely does long form interviews. So I was so grateful to have the time to dive deep into family mental health and the mindset behind his long successful career. Dude, I travel light And I can travel light emotionally. Mike, I'm done. There's stuff that I cannot control. I have left many of wonderful atmosphere or a loving atmosphere or a friendly atmosphere. And like Ernie Banks, the You know the ball player for the Chicago Cubs without ever looking back, without thinking, oh, things were really wonderful back then. I wish I was back there, Jay, I don't think I've ever thought that. Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Trust me, you won't want to miss this one.


Hey fam, I'm Simone Boyce. I'm Danielle Robe and we're the hosts of the Brightside the Daily podcast from Hello Sunshine that is guaranteed to light up your day every weekday we Bring you conversations with the culture makers who inspire us. Like a recent episode with Grammy Award-winning Rapper Eve on her new memoir and the moments that made her, It became a theme in my life. The Underdog syndrome of being questioned of the, would they say this to a man? No, they would not like why that was one of those moments where you're just like, oh wow. It was a bit shocking but it didn't take any steam away or anything like that. If anything, it was more of the, okay, I'll show you. No worries. Listen To the Brightside from Hello Sunshine on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome home y'all. 72 days, 47 days only. There Are 33. Count 'em 33 days until election day. Do something.


Hey y'all, I'm Angela right here with my co-host Andrew Gillum and Tiffany Cross of Native Lamb Pod. So listen, we are all feeling so anxious about this upcoming election. And I know you guys are too. I am scared. Okay. You know what I'm bracing for right now, honestly is this October surprise. The October Surprise is the war. The one we need to talk about Democracy is on the line. That's why we created Native Lamp Pod to give voice to the voiceless and duet if Cut through the nonsense, They take splinters and us population grievances between black folk, white folks, so on and so forth. And then they manipulate it. Yes. Black Voters and Latino voters are clearly a big threat to the GOP. Welcome home, y'all welcome all. Listen to Native Lamp Pod on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts Made it.


The comedians, the committee side, the things, let's laugh, let's love music, bro You know what I'm saying? Instead of it being that energy, if we bring that and then something happens, they go, oh it was this that did it. You know and, and people assumed that we couldn't have a good time there, but we You know obviously we did. Now when you look at some of these younger artists and you see how they idolize you and idolize your music and then you see them get caught up. Yeah. Do you have conversations with them? Like, I remember Casanova and you was trying to talk to Cassanova Troy Ave and now Little Dirk, do you have conversations with him and be like, I've seen this play before. Yeah. And I. Even with Dirk, I was telling him when I, I had him, he was in New York. We, we did a power thing. Power Force. That's first and last acting row at this point. Yeah. Right now. Yeah. But, but we did the, not that the acting Row when we was doing the theme song for force Got you.


Or the Chicago version. Yeah. Then like I was like, yo, this is them. Right. It's a real Right. He was like, yeah, yeah. And I said yo, just watch him the his group. 'cause he said that You know what I'm saying? And it's like, like I've always had that energy myself in the middle of everything that was going on. I'm not just watching. We know f the other side. I'm always watching like, wait a minute, what was you at Thursday at three? If you got pulled over and you not in jail, why are you not in jail Dan? Did you ever have that though? I'm sure you did, man. Nah. Hell yeah. Yeah. I've had, I've had guys, look, I had a driver. He was supposed to go from Vegas to meet me in, in in Miami. And he went in the airport with a hammer on.


So I'm like, the lawyer called me like two o'clock in the morning, said he got arrested. This And I go. Oh. I said, he said it's all right to send the lawyer for him. I said, he ain't gonna need a lawyer, you're gonna need bond. The lawyer after that when you got P priors. Right. And then he called back and he says, no, no, he said this, that he made the flight with a gun in the airplane. He made the flight waiver. Wow. Shit already got prior felonies. He made the flight. By the time we get there in the car, I sat in the car man. I'm like the, I ain't see a motherfucker all the way to the hotel. Look, we get there. I'm waiting on this to tell me how the fuck you got on that plane. Then he goes, yo, this, this, this the, but he's so weirded out like it's so his energy, he didn't even know how to like, what's up.


Like as soon as he get get into the car, he didn't know how to do it. You know he got so funny. But going on You know what I said, you can't get picked up after you half rises and then they just let you go. Even with permits. It wouldn't, if you would not make the flight, there's no way he got, he ended up on the flight. I mean he already had a handler for him to make the flight. He gotta already have somebody he can call already. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Been able to get him out. Yeah. When you said that to Dirk, what did, what was his response to you? So You know what he said. Somebody just came in my house. How do You know exactly what the address is? I don't get my address to nobody like this. It's not something that happened in the Robbery in Georgia. Yeah. When his, when India had To shoot, he went straight to talking about that. Mm. Damn. Damn. What did you see early enough that was like, nah, this ain't nothing.


I just never seen anyone successful in the gang ever in the history of gangs. I haven't seen success. So I join a sorority that's the gang that where people actually make it You know what I mean? Like that join those kind of gangs. Like I'll Alpha do some that kind of gang. I'm with it. I, I join if they let me, those gangs because they go into success Right. And they stay connected to each other and they feel that brotherly energy where they will do whatever for you because like that's my brother already You know what I mean? Like, but, but I've never seen anyone have success in gang. And. I. Look, And, I go. It's so easy. You don't even have to be involved. All you gotta do is be aware All we got more with 50 when we come back, don't move.


It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It is the EJ Envy. Jess, hilarious Charlamagne the guy we are The, Breakfast, Club, Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess and we're still kicking it with 50. Now you mentioned, you mentioned Meech. Have you spoke to Meech at All? I had a text message conversation back and forth with him 'cause he, he's in the halfway house. So what do you think his next move should be? He got a lot of things he can do man. He might wanna make a movie. He might wanna do some different things where You know, 'cause I understand how important real is to our culture, right? But when you developing television, it's to find the best possible story you can find and then make up some things. You gotta make up things because your life would intersect with Charlemagne's life. So I immediately get the lawsuit when we get over there.


This would you understand what I'm saying? So I gotta change things around a little bit. And then that's the, the series when when you see we see high notes, we see lower notes and at points it's when they do something that's like when we have a TV moment, when it feels like completely real. And this is why it was important for me to get Lil Meech ready so he could go there. 'cause when you watch it and it's good and then you go, You know that's his son. Right? Like, and as a fun fact to the person that's watching with you, you feel like this, it's gotta be true because the sun is there and this is, and and that's a rarity. You probably won't ever see that again. You, you seem like the type of person too that don't like to stay in one place too long. So that's why I was shocked when I saw the residency announcement because I feel like you don't, you, you a hustler, like you like to be moving around.


You don't like to be stationed there. Well Congratulations. Oh, we the 27th December 27th. Long time the 28th, the 30th, the 31st. January 3rd, fourth and January 4th at Planet Hollywood Resort And Casino. You Feel like in Vegas it's certain songs you can't do that you would do anywhere else because like the Vegas crowd is so like mainstreaming people just coming through and all these different people. Like you gotta reserve a certain list 'cause you, you got some stuff for the streets too that everybody loves. But Vegas is Vegas. Yeah. I think there's some stuff that I can, I can do anything I want. I give myself an overall format for sure. And the theme is a dream. So the sequences don't necessarily have to all make sense, but they have to tie together to make an experience. That's what the way I, I kind of built the show out before I got everybody else involved.


My creative around it You know. But I, I want to take, take it up a not you'll see the, the set, everything is kind of, it's gonna be crazy. You Coming back down upside down again or you done with that? Oh no, I'm not let the upside down. I don't even know why I did that the first time. I didn't realize we were gonna have to rehearse for seven days. Right. Because I'm like, dude, listen, look seven days. I'm like, what? Wait, I know the words. Yes. Okay. I know the words. It's, it's not a new song. Why am I rehearsing, why are we rehearsing seven days straight And it's really about getting everything onto the field and everything off the field fast enough and have everybody prepared to oh let's go, let's go. And then getting them into that. But there's, it's, it's an experience man.


I think when he was talking about whether Kendrick should be, he's the guy right now. He should should be doing it. But the, I don't know if they know Drake turned it down a bunch of times. Did he really though? How many times? Like Three times with it. You gotta pay for the Super Bowl. You gotta pay for the production. Yeah, everything. When was the last time he turned it in? Why Would he need it in the position he's in? I saw, I saw Steve Style say that and but then that defeats the whole Jay-Z's a hater narrative then. Yeah. Yeah. I mean well you gonna get that. Give him that because that's his route. You in that position you gonna have to feel like hate. You want to be that guy. You wanna be the director of who picks who you get that hate. Okay. This is song that do not Dutch look, they say, 'cause EO said that Jay hated on you too.


Like he didn't want you part of. Is that true though? Yeah, he did. But it is not, it is not a big deal. You know what this what was the reasoning though? Like what, what would he tell Dre? And I It's competing or being competitive and the music is getting past music itself with that. Because I'm like, what, what is he what you trying to do? You know like when you're not frequently making the music as as frequently, when's the last JC album? 4 0 4. Right? But, and when I'm not putting out music as often, but you, the business parts haven't changed. Our positions haven't changed in culture. So if you now saying, yo nah, I don't wanna give him this because what you mean if you look at the order, the, the person that you would say didn't belong there, but you were probably like with game was upset. Right? He was upset because he he was supposed to be there in his head.


Right. But who would you be upset? Is there in place of you who came after you that was there? He never mentioned that he had an issue with Kendrick. Kendrick. Yeah. Right. And then later you see him in support of the Drake stuff. But why would you and Jake still have issues after all these years? I don't have issues. You know. My thing is, look, I think in that point, yeah he was hating 'cause he was saying the NFL had an issue with me when I got 11 professional sports teams. Now that I'm the official champaign and cognac of, and we used the hate there. Like I I don't understand it like You know what I'm saying? Like so you saying that there was an issue? It's an issue 'cause he was doing the program. He didn't want me to be in the show and wouldn't do it without me in the show. And then he, he made the adjustment. They said you were mad That you didn't get invited to the white party.


Mike rubs white party. That's why that you And him was beefing Michael, no white party are puffy originals. Those are puffy originals. Just why, why is only white people? Why is only white good? Why is black bad? Like, like if I want a black party That's right. Can I have a black party or all black party? I think you could do it. Let's dress an all black guy really gonna hug from me and not touch each other's butt. And your party where the hugs come from the side, not the front and the back? No, just, just hug me regularly from the front so I can know where you're at. Okay. Got you. All this stuff has me like an unsure what's going on. You know, speaking of that, they was, they said you wrote two verses for Diddy. One was the, the Let's get It and the other one was on the I get money Remix.


Yeah, remix. But, but they said you wrote it and it's him confessing the crime. Did you see this? Me? Look at the meme. Look the da I'm On this city. Send the cops with Da Defense to come Get me. I ain't tell him to say that. And then this one Big shootouts beef. Jay help me with that. Jay helped me. That Jay did that part right there cut out shootouts, coastal beat. I wasn't around but I was like East coast, west Coast. That was, and then Keith D comes out and says, You know I'm not involved in this stuff.


You wrote those version for it? Yeah, we, we wrote, we collaborate. Me and Jay on the song, we collaborated because the, what's the name that that part he, there's certain things that he wanted to say and, and Jay knew he wanted to insert it into the record. Yeah. And then he would like, yo put this in there. His for like, his mind is formatted like that. Like what I mean is he, he can now like all freestyle and freestyle and freestyle and Jay remembers this. The idea in his head. Yeah. So he could just say it without writing it down and then he's like, yo, he wanted to do it like this and that 'cause it come out already ready. I'm like, put it in there. That's what he said. Put that on there and then go ahead and say it. Then got it in front of him and he just went in into this part. Did you really offer Tony EO millions of dollars to not do live TV interviews?


That I didn't want him to. He always says some stuff I wouldn't say like he And I don't know why he is doing it. It's not enough involved in it for him to have to say that you be calling him after like, yo, why did you, I don't know why you talking about this? Like what's wrong with you? But anyway, You know. And when you're not sexually assaulting nobody, there's statute your limitations around these things protect me Charlamagne at all costs. Protect me. When, when you heard, I don't know if you heard, when you heard Fat Joe, oh my god. Doing the interview the other day and he said that You know Yale is so loyal when y'all were beefing he was, he was trying to take Yeyo out. Do y'all laugh about that later on? No. Yeah. Yeah. Because look, You know. Now that wouldn't have been a bad move. It would've confused me. It would've confused me. Got y'all.


I wouldn't have been a bad, got got figure out what I'm gonna do now. I look confused. I say confused. Nah, because I, he been around forever. Like You know. Even when you make a mistake like he'll, he'll do it. And I know his apology means he'll go, yo, my bad. I'm sorry. He knows how to apologize. But really what he means is, yo chill out. Let me do that again. His apology means chill out. Let me do that again. More You know how he been doing that forever. Like Is is he that is Ye the one friend that is like, I wish he wasn't my friend, but he's my best friend type of person. Yes. Yes. Because he does that all the Time. No, I always wish he wasn't my friend. Like it was a lot easy. I wouldn't even have to go through my Jimmy Henchman period.


Yeah, yeah. Like that really was, his feelings is in the right place and what he, what he's caused things he does. He escalated it. He does cause things, isn't it? And then it's like, I'm not gonna let you do so to him like that, that forget about it. If you think you're just going do that, I'm not gonna respond to it. Alright. We got more with 50 when we come back. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody is d EJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy we are The. Breakfast. Club. We're still kicking with 50. Now back to the residency in Vegas. G unit reunion. Will that happen with banks? Oh, yoyo. No. That's not gonna, that's Not gonna happen. No, I just look, I think I've exhausted myself with working for people, Even banks. You can't See that I do better when I just focus on me and just work harder. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


Like when I, I I spent in that period, look an environment that come out, it tells you you're strongest as the crew that you, that you at. Right? So I spent a lot of time building them up like pieces I sacrifice even for game to, to make G on it what it is and feel like something that's stronger than one person or one artist. Right? And then when you do that, you look, you look back and you go wait. When they don't reciprocate the energy, you go, oh man, you gotta figure out how to do it on your own now. Like they, Jay was forcing Rockefeller to do that from the beginning. Damn. You think there'll ever be another 50 cent G unit? Like run outta New York City or anywhere for that matter? I hope. I hope so. Like I think it's Nicki right now. That's why I support Nicki. But it was But Nick, but you had a whole crew though. That's what made it so different.


Yeah, And I mean first of all, nobody had success like you had, but then having a whole crew that was successful as well. You think she could assemble a crew? She can build it. She can definitely do it. You were supposed to sign her at one time. I I, I, yeah. Could've got, I would've got it if Fendi wasn't around. I'm like that grimy as NDI too. I just forever he always been, he's a character in our culture. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like he's always been around in, in it like since he was there with Big Yeah. Yeah. I remember that video. Rolling Dice. But it, it still went where it was supposed the way it was supposed to go. Because when she got look in the beginning she her, it was comparing her to Kim because of the the picture. Right. The Minaj picture. But I think it was more like Foxy. 'cause she was in between two crews.


She was with Gucci and them and their son. Young money. Young money. Like the firm. Yeah. And and Fox's relationship with Jay. Is there any other, other Hold No, everything happened the way it's supposed to happen. But that would've been ill. Yeah. Nicki Minaj with the original G unit. Yeah. Yeah. She would've sweet gobbled the rest of them up. Oh there would've been no room for them. For real. I've been like this. Nah, Nicki's too big. You gotta go. I have no time for you. Look, we don't need anyone from the south. Why, why would we do that? Right? You know. It would changed the whole thing. Like she is she From South Side? Is she from there? A mo That would've been too much to look. I would've been trying to facilitate things around her more than anything else at that point.


Everybody else would've been Nicki. Screw An afterthought. You Think she could have made Safari pop on the uni pop at what? Some of them failed. Some of the artists failed. They weren't. That would've been one of the ones that didn't work. Pop idiot. Pop idiot man. That why sit that man he had serious too. I was so confused when he was, was asking the serious question. Is there other Artist that, that you had a chance to sign or you wish you could have signed and you didn't and you seen huge success besides the Nick. Nick was the biggest one that got by us. I seen a lot of artists knew that they was going go before even, what's the name? Like with, with Top, top will tell you. TDII was telling him the the Kendrick record, the water record.


That's it. That's the one right there. Just go with it. Because I listen to the record. And I go, yo. Yeah, they this is it right now. Like what, what's they would want to happen next? When you listen, When you hear Omar doing interviews, Omari Hardwick do, do you feel like he's he's ungrateful for some of the, the moves and and things that you did for him? I think he Leaves people feeling like he said it to me You. know what I'm saying? Like what the, I'm the also point out the fact that when you don't have money that I'll give you the money. Like give him 50, $60,000 and say yo nah, just give back to me when you ready. Like until you comfortable and settled in. I don't believe in what we can't keep can win consecutive championships if the players are hungry, the team is hurting like that.


If that's the case. So and then you going to, they don't change financial thresholds of, of how people are being paid in these projects until you get to season three. We get to season three, the it change. So he could handle it after that. Then he didn't need the loans anymore at that point. But I did get, remember I was talking about somebody else owed me money. He just jumped out there and said he But that Yeah, but so that, but you said that was strategic. Yes. 'cause it kept his music going. Yes. And he was able to pay you back. But though Omari Hardrick said this is not No, but Omari said yeah, fifth gave me money. I didn't even say Omar's name. I was talking about T. Mm Oh he thought you was talking about him. And he said that, that I gave him the money to rot. Tim, I had did a deal with him and we, And I spent money on, on this project. Then he wanted to do something that was in Independent and Afrobeats wasn't as popular as now and he was going in a different tone of the music.


And I'm like, I don't know about that right now. Like the way I'm like, You know what you could do what you want to do, just have the, you could pay me back in the royalties. Offer the mechanicals off the music that you, you releasing moving forward and you won't even feel it. 'cause it doesn't cost your marketing moving forward. Everything that you, that you do moving forward is not gonna be a part of that. It's just later I'll get the money back. And he recouped it. He did it took care of it. Okay. But at that point I said, yo, yo, you got even my money back boy. And the people go, oh, you owe F Money You. know what I mean? And it stopped immediately and it it, it drew so much attention to it that the record stayed number one more, more days than it would've been number one on the charts.


Right. And he knows that. So he'll go, yo, he's a marketing genius bro. Because he was calling me like, yo, what's up with you on fifth? And I'm just going, you need to make some noise around the record to have people feel like there's something about who you are that is interesting about it. And then when he had more to, when he heard, they heard my side of it, they went to hear what he had to say. Then when he said things back, they was like, oh, okay, now they understand what was, what was happening. Now he finally was talking about it to make them understand why it stayed. But it, it carried over. It was, it was something else happening under it that was making them interesting away from the song playing and to a good position. But when, when, oh, when he says this stuff on the on, I think he overvalues himself to be honest with you. 'cause since then it's been a long time since he hasn't been in power.


Why are we not excited about the new project? What new project? It's new projects. You got new. I didn't know. You see that's what I'm talking about. I'm yeah, I'm that is exactly what I'm talking about. If there's, if there was noise going on, if he that big of a draw, then we would see noise. We see new things happening. We see you out where you actively, in a place where people are looking for you. So y'all not cool it Sounds like. No. 'cause you leave it like it's me not giving you the money. If he's saying it and you going Courtney and, and the 50 No, you saying that they don't know who Courtney is. I introduced people to her. They don't know who she is. So you leaving it for if 50 didn't make sure I got paid. When Mary tell you she got paid a lot of money on the show while she was there. The whole time I made sure was right.


And then now you see my new book, the Accomplice. I got Tara Roger. So Tara Roger would be the lead in that one for the Okay. That's already sold. Yeah. Or You know. I'm not wasting time at all. I was Gonna ask you You know politics is coming up election. Is it true Donald Trump tried to give you money to, to endorse him? One time I got a call, but they, they wanted me to, well, Sunday. Oh, they Wanted you to come this week. So they wanted you to Oh yeah. Because they Wanted you to perform Many men, they wanted you to perform many men at the RNC too, right? Yeah. And yeah, they offered me $3 million To perform At the RNC or this past Sunday at three, this past Sunday at 3 million. And then they offered you money for the Republican national convention too, right? You turned it down. How much is That? Yeah, I didn't even go far back. I've been talking to them about that kind of stuff because I'm afraid of politics.


I stay away from religion. I stay away from politics, religion. These, that's the formula for the confusion that is sent Kanye to Japan. He, he said something about both of those things and now he can only go to Japan. Yeah. So You know. I'm like, I don't want to get in that man. Like, Well we gotta let you go man. Fifth 'cause we got the vice president on the line. Kamala Harris end the phone, let say hi. Wanna say how, Why you gotta put me into this stuff. I told we was cool. What you doing man? Nah, we you want speak? No, no, no. I'm cool. Well ladies and gentlemen, 50 cent is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. What The hell is that?


Do it again. Did You see that little sassy that he just did? I was taking my my little kick ball man. He was like, yeah, Glo, I was taking my kick off. Drop the Boo bombs with 50 man 50 man. Never a dull moment with 50. Curtis. Curtis 50 Jackson in the building. Yes. Never a dull moment. That's right. I Think it's just Queens in general. 'cause envy. What was that? I Tara, I was taking my little, anyway, let's get to Justice Domestic The World Let's go is real Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don, she don't spare nobody Worldwide. Jess worldwide Mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coach with Lauren. Lauren Osa.


I'm back. And, I got the mess. Talk to me. Okay y'all, so yesterday the umbrellas, which is the Tory Lanes fan club and Sean Holly's side of things. And Sean Holly is an attorney of very well established attorney. She's actually the attorney that the show Reasonable Doubt is loosely based off of her life and her career. There was a whole back and forth between the, the, the two camps that I got into because we were able to release some exclusive statements that we're gonna talk about here right now. So Tori Lanes had filed a complaint, an ethical complaint to the bar, basically saying that Sean Holly, who was his attorney during the time when he was first going through all of the, the court case stuff with Megan for the shooting of me Thee Stallion.


He is alleging that she basically had a huge conflict of interest that she never told him about. And because of that, he should be home. Right now he says that he paid her all this money is somewhere between 200 and 300 and and 50,000, $300,000. And he did his part. I paid you my money, but you didn't do your part. You didn't represent me well. So what he's saying is that there were a couple things. Number one, at the time, Megan, me Stallion was managed by Rock Nation and that Sean Holly was a principal, producer and listed as legal counsel in the credits of the show. Reasonable Doubt. And he's saying that Reasonable Doubt and Rock Nation have a connection because Reasonable Doubt, which is You know the Jay-Z album. But also too, the fact that a lot of the episodes in the show, which premiered in September of 2022.


This was the same year, just a few months before his trial, use Jay-Z's songs names as the titles of the episodes. And they're saying in order to do that, you would have to have some conversations or some clearance in order to do so. He's also, Tory Lanes is also alleging that there are mus there's music from Meg Thee Stallion in season two of Reasonable Doubt. Which again, you would have to have gotten cleared by someone. And he's also alleging that Sean Holly has a daughter or someone who was related to her that was at one point a backup singer to Beyonce. And that Sean Holly represented at some point Des, who is a very well known executive and and person in charge over at Roc Nation before she represented Tory.


Now these are all things that are alleged in his complaint that he sent over to the ethics board. Now, I reached out to Sean Holly when all of this broke. And Sean Holly said to me that she has never had business ties with Roc Nation and that she has, and Rock Nation has nothing to do with the show Reasonable Doubt, which she does co-produce. She says that Tory Lanes made these same claims over a year ago to the state bar. The state bar rejected them and promptly closed the matter. Now, Tory Lane's team after this statement went out, came back, they gave me a call and they said that Tory has never filed anything with the bar since they've been a client of his. And this is the team unite the people, USA, who's been currently representing him.


They say that Tori was retained in December of 2022 and working with the team prior to that retainer. And at no point in time was there anything filed with the bar. Now Tori goes on to talk about the fact that because he's saying that Shawn Hawley had these connections with Roc Nation. She didn't do her job. So he says that there was You know from the beginning a conversation about what he wanted to do and was he guilty. And he told Sean Holly upfront, according to what he's saying, that he was a hundred percent not guilty and he never wanted to take a plea deal or do anything that was gonna make him look guilty. But he's saying because of Sean Holly's relationship that she did not disclose with Rock Nation, allegedly she did things a like she did not allow his, he had like a DNA expert on the case.


She instructed the DNA expert not to do like extensive testing on evidence because she had planned for him to take a plea deal, which he's saying made no sense because he told her he didn't wanna do a plea deal. He also alleges that there were different times where he was found in contempt because he had violated the protective orders. Remember, he popped out at Roland Loud with the baby and they violated him for that. He's saying that Sean Holly never really fought back on that. That there was video showing he didn't rush to stage, but he was on stage. And the protective order talked about the fact that he was, he got within a hundred yards of her because he got on stage. Not the fact that he rushed his


Did You know there's no Tom at Toms, our name reflects our commitment to creating better tomorrows. This season embraced cozy comfort with Toms from Chic Boots and everyday sneakers to wedges in our iconic Alpr. Gods Slip-ons, our cloud bound insoles deliver exceptional cushioning, perfect for morning meetings, yoga sessions, farmer's markets, and quiet moments at home. When you buy Tom's, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together, we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date. And we're only getting started Shop Fall Footwear Essentials now@toms.com.


Hey there, my little creeps. It's your favorite ghost host, Theresa. And guess what Haunting is back. Drop it just in time for spooky season. Now, I know you've probably been wandering the Mortal plane, wondering when I'd be back to fill your ears with deliciously unsettling stories. Well wonder no more because we've got a ghoulishly good lineup ready for you. Let's just say things get a bit extra. We're talking spirits, demons, and the kind of supernatural chaos that'll make your spooky season complete. You know how much I love this time of year. It's the one time I'm actually on trend. So grab your pumpkin spice dust off that Ouija board. Just don't call me unless it's urgent and tune in for new episodes every week. Remember, the veils are thin, the stories are spooky, and your favorite ghost host is back and batter than ever. Listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey everyone, it's Jay Shetty And I. Am so excited to let You know that my latest podcast interview is with the one and only Tom Hanks. Tom rarely does long form interviews. So I was so grateful to have the time to dive deep into family mental health and the mindset behind his long successful career. Dude, I travel light And I can travel light emotionally. My I'm done. There's stuff that I cannot control. I have left many wonderful atmosphere or a loving atmosphere or a friendly atmosphere. And like Ernie Banks, the You know the ballplayer for the Chicago Cubs without ever looking back, without thinking, oh, things were really wonderful back then. I wish I was back there, Jay, I don't think I've ever thought that. Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Trust me, you won't want to miss this one.


Hey fam, I'm Simone Boyce. I'm Danielle Robe And we're the hosts of the Brightside the Daily podcast from Hello Sunshine that is guaranteed to light up your day every Weekday we bring you conversations with the culture makers who inspire Us. Like a recent episode with Grammy Award-winning Rapper Eve on her new memoir and the moments that made her, It became a theme in my life, the underdog syndrome of being questioned of the, would they say this to a man? No, they would not like why? That was one of those moments where you're just like, oh wow. It was a bit shocking, but it didn't take any steam away or anything like that. If anything, it was more of the, Okay, I'll show you. No worries. Listen to the Brightside from Hello Sunshine on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome home, y'all. 72 days, 47 days only. There Are 33. Count 'em, 33 days until election day. Do something. Hey y'all, I'm Angela R here with my co-host, Andrew Gillum and Tiffany Cross of Native Lamb po. So listen, we are all feeling so anxious about this upcoming election. And I know you guys are too. I am scared. Okay, You know what I'm bracing for right now, honestly is this October surprise. The October Surprise is the war, The one we need to talk about. Democracy is on the line. That's why we created Native lamp pod to give voice to the voiceless and duet if cut Through the nun since They take splinters and US population grievances between black folk, white folks, so on and so forth. And then they manipulate it. Yes, black Voters and Latino voters are clearly a big threat to the GOP. Welcome home, y'all welcome home. Listen to Native Lamb pod on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts


Stage. But that's what he's claiming. And he is also saying that, that there was just no push to retest any of the DNA evidence, which would've cleared him because remember, it came out inconclusive. They couldn't really decide was his evidence, there was his evidence not. So he's basically saying like, you didn't really do your job because this was the setup from the beginning, right? You work on Rock Nation, you didn't tell me I paid you my money, so I should be let go. I my You. know what I mean? This should be vacated because of that. Now, I will say that there's also a claim that he put out over the weekend that people had confused. They thought that this meant that Tory had been found innocent of the crimes. And that is not what happened whatsoever. The judge has yet to even hear that appeal, appeal for innocence. It's not even really an appeal for innocence, which means he's saying, Hey, I'm innocent.


Can we talk about this again? What happened is, this is a lot of information. What happened is, is that Tory Lanez wants to re-look at the evidence. He wants to go back in and look at the gun and like all that stuff. And he wants to prove that he wants to exclude himself. Like right now it's like his evidence isn't there, but we can't, we don't have enough to prove that his evidence is there either, right? It's like in the middle. He wants to take himself completely out by doing some more testing. Tori's team is saying the gun and all the ammunition and stuff just went missing. Now, Alex Piero, who was Alex, I'm sorry, Alex Shapiro, who was me thee stallion's attorney and is like, that's not true. The gun is with the police department. If you wanna retest it, that's where you would go to get it. There's a big back and forth here.


The court still has to hear this part of it. But Tory is basically, he's trying everything he can to he saying His lawyer Didn't do the do the job. Supposed he wanna come home still, Tori wants to come home still and his team is, is vehemently like fighting to do. So Tory's team might be onto something, okay? Not only did the show use Jay-Z song titles for episodes, he left out some other key points, what the name of the show was. Reasonable Doubt. Reasonable Doubt. Yep. And that was the name of Jay-Z's first album. And Jay-Z's first name is Sean. Sean Holly, come on now. You don't see it. And Sean Holly's favorite color is blue and her favorite letter is beat. So there's a lot there. Not to mention, when Sean Holly talks to elderly men, she calls them.


Sir, y'all don't see it yet, sir Davies. Oh, JV has a son named Sir. Come on guys. Got you. Wake up. You wake up guys. Got you. You Don't see It. She also, I think Sean Holly probably has Apple Music or something where she listens to music and Jay-Z makes music and he like Apples. You see? And he likes apples And all seriousness though. This is, this is what happens. When Next gonna say she's been to Brooklyn before Everybody been to Brooklyn. She ain't walk for cheesecake though. Well, that's a different, That's a different, Shawn. I mean it's all court cases. Y'all story doing what he get, but his team is doing what they think they gotta do. Appeals like this are common when you sitting still for like over six years, right? We got like six to 10, right?


Yeah. So, but But also I would say when, when you hire an attorney in layman's terms, when you hire an attorney, the attorneys and their law office supposed to be, do a vetting process to make sure there is no connection with whoever that you're suing or being sued or anybody that's being You know, filing You, know any type of accounts against you is associated with them at all. And the fact that they are associated, or it could be associated or maybe associated. She, I don't see this. Listen, We just, we gotta wait to hear from the, the board and see if this is dismissed or whatever. You know all that, but I, I don't, y'all see what I did? Y'all, Y'all didn't, ain't Victoria his studio equipment back, man, He Bought Mistake. Y'all didn't see what I did with the cheesecake? No. It's a different, It's different Artist.


A different show. Different artist, artist. But it's just like all music and it's like just grasping that show. That was Diddy that had nothing to do with, it's nothing to do with Rock Nation Nation. Nothing to do with Coffee. That was a bigger reach than somebody saying, you look like Lauren London. Okay? No. Alright, Mr. Potato Head. If you don't sit over there and just be quiet, I promise You that was just with the mess with Lauren. Lauren Like a freaking who Giving that dunk do four after the hour, we need Ryan Ky to come to the front of the congregation. Like to have a word with 'em. All right? And then Kamala Harris will be checking in. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club Morning. Remember from Your Execution on the Donkey of the day is something to go. We, they gave me Donkey of the Day. And I deserve. The people need to know.


Well, you need to tell them I am. You have the voice. Tell them, tell it's time for Donkey of the Day. It's a read, but you're so Good at it. You trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne. Only one Charlamagne Damn Charlamagne who you give to Dusty of day to now? Oh, well, sexy Red Donkey of the day for Tuesday, October 29th goes to Ryan Ky Ryan is a conservative commentator who was on CNN News night with host Abby Phillips last night. Now, before we get into what Ryan said, I wanna give you some context. Remember back in September when a bunch of pagers and walkie talkies blew up in the hands of the Hezbollah fighters.


If you don't know who Hezbollah is, they're defined as a militant and political group. And the exploding pages and walkie talkies were widely believed to be conducted by Israel. Okay? So Ryan gr Dusky was on CNN last night. It was a panel that consisted of Ashley, Allison, Medi Hassan. I didn't see who else was on there, but they were discussing the racist jokes made by a comedian, Tony Hinchcliffe from the garden. And the debate started to get a little contentious between Ryan and Medi. And then this happened. He talked about enemy of the enemy within, which is literally Hitler. I mean, these are the, my problem is, I get it. Which nobody wants to be called Nazis. It's very inflammatory. But if you don't wanna be called Nazis, stop doing, you called, you called Anite more than else this table.


Yeah. And people there. No, by me. I never called you Nazi mite. I mean, I'm not saying, you're saying don't, I'm, I'm a support of the Palestinian. I'm used to it. Well, I'm hope your beeper doesn't go off. The thing is, is that, did you just say I should go? Wow. You should not. No, I said did you just say I should be killed? No CNN. No, I did not say that. Hold on. That's disgusting. That is completely. I apologize. Job CNN. Let's first block say the Muslim guy should be blown up. And, I, apologize on tv. I apologize. Don't say apologize. Don't say then I Apologize. Jesus. Now, You know when I was on CNN last week, this is what I was expressing to Anderson Cooper, I have no problem as You know, having conversations with people I don't agree with. I think conservatives should talk to liberals. Liberals should talk to conservatives. Independents should be talking with liberals and conservatives and vice versa.


Okay? White should be talking to black, gay should be talking to straight. We are all humans on this planet trying to figure it out. Let's have conversations. I have no problem with it, but it has to be a good faith conversation. Okay? It has to be good faith discussions. I'll get back to that because that's my second issue with, with, with CNN and just the cable news networks in general. The first issue is what they choose to center and how they choose to center it. I was watching CNN yesterday, and I'm not gonna say the anchor's name, but they were talking about the MAGA rally at the garden and they were talking about it like it was just normal. You know, it's a weird thing they do on these networks. I'm telling you, we almost 10 years in of the Trump era and they still don't know how to cover that demon. Okay? Art of blatant white supremacy that comes from anyone associated with 'em.


Okay? It's strange. So in between talking about the MAGA rally, like it was virtually normal. The host was still asking one of the pundits on the panel if Vice President Kamala Harris should do Joe Rogan. It was very strange. But that's what a lot of these cable news networks do. And I see it a lot more on CNN. They have a problem making the main thing, the main thing. They always center the wrong conversation. And by doing that, they have assisted in the normal normalization of Donald Trump's fascism. The other thing that happens on CNN a lot is what happened last night. They will have a conservative who's not there to have a good faith discussion. And whatever it is the panel is discussing, the conservative will just say something wild and derail the whole conversation.


So then everybody forgets what they were even discussing to begin with. Let me hear it again, right? Yeah. I never called you an S this semi, okay? I mean, I'm not saying here saying I don't, I'm, I'm a support of the Palestinian, so I'm used to it. Yeah, fine. Well, I hope your beeper doesn't go off. I had no idea what the debate was about because I wasn't watching Abey last night. I was watching Tyler Perry Beauty in Black. Yes, that damn Tyler Perry then did it again. Drop on a clue above the Tyler Perry. Okay? But I wasn't watching CNN last night, so I didn't know what the actual debate was about And I still didn't find out until this morning. Why? Because Ryan Dusky is just the latest conservative they put on a panel to not have a good faith conversation, but to simply derail whatever it is they actually should be talking about. Okay?


Here's the thing about cable news. They're all about ratings and revenue. Okay? There is still a few good hosts out there who actually care about using their platform to inform and forewarn the American people about the dangers of Donald Trump. But most people, because the network mandates it is choosing to normalize fascism, okay? And cash in on the MAGA audience. Mm mm I blame Fox News. Okay? Blame Fox News, baby. They get the money, they get the numbers. Okay? So everybody else gotta follow the leader. MAGA makes money. So CNN has decided to sprinkle some MAGA on it. Okay? They like Salt Bay, whoever the leadership is at the top, they just sprinkling that old MAGA bay seasoning all over CNN.


Now, according to Mediaite, Ryan has been banned permanently from CNN and Abby Phillips had something to say, right? I wanna apologize to Medi Hassan for what was said at this table. It was completely unacceptable. When we get this discussion started, you'll see that Ryan is not at the table. There is a line that was crossed there and it's not acceptable to me. It's not acceptable to us at this network. We want discussion, we want people who disagree with each other to talk to each other. But when you cross the line of a complete lack of civility, that is not going to happen here on this show. It's a heated time. We're in the middle of a political season. We are eight days from a presidential election.


But we can have conversations about what is happening in this country without resorting to the lowest of the lowest kind of discourse. Well, Abby is doing what I told and Mr. Cooper, I wanna see hosts on CNN do. And that's simply push back against the bs. Okay? Call, call, call, call. Call it out. You know the American people need it because we live in an era that doesn't know what's right and doesn't know what's wrong. That's why right now nobody truly understands what is happening in this country because nobody is accurately describing the situation. And we have normalized what isn't normal. Please let Chelsea Handler give Ryan Gradus the biggest. He haw. He Haw, he haw. That is way too much. Dane Mayonnaise. And, I. Keep telling y'all Michelle Obama said when they go low, we go high.


I don't even think Michelle feel like that no more. When they go low, you gotta take it to the floor with them. Mm. All right. Do you not know? Oh, You know what this, what am I doing? What am I doing? I let Chelsea handler just gave him the biggest chaw. Right? Right. Does Chris Rock have something to say? Oh, you wanna Play that game? Shut up. Does Chris Rock have something to say? Crack ass crackle. Okay, who else? Chris Rock. Oh, that's my girl. That's my girl. So, oh, what about my girl at the what? What about my other people? Who else? Somebody else was Making old. I can't remember. I can't even remember 'cause I wanted to say it myself, but I forgot. I got age of your grandma. Start calling your mom name and your brother name and just, all I'm simply saying is learn how to pronounce crack ass cracker.


Y'all. You want them people to get on that cable network and say all that? Yes. You said the mayonnaise one. The mayonnaise one. You got that one already. Please Give this giant jar of mail no big Latino. That ain't that ain. That ain't, that ain't, that ain't gonna hit You. know what I'm saying? When somebody tells you rock, when somebody tells you that they want a bele to blow up on you, come armed with the crackers, you got to have the crackers ready. Cracker ass cracker. That's all. That's all. That's it. Okay. That's, that's all. And by you on cable tv. All you can say, Hey, You know crackers is one of my favorite snack, right? I eat crackers You. know that, right? No peanut butter, no cheese. Raw, raw crackers, no water. That's it. That's It.


Oh my goodness. All right, well thank you for that Don the day. Want no juice to swallow? That's ways to get it off on cable television. When we Come back, when we come back, vice President Kamala Harris is gonna be checking in. We gonna talk to her next. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning, it's Kamala. Madame Vice President. How are you? I Am very well. How are you doing this morning? Blessed black and highly favored Always for you. Hey, I hear an echo. Do you hear it? No, we don't. We don't hear an echo. We'll lower you down a little bit so you don't hear your feedback. Can you hear it better now? The Feds might have the phone tap Well, and the Russians don't forget them. That's right.


Well, morning everybody, you need all The Breakfast, Club. And we got a special guest on the line, the Vice president Kamala Harris. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning everyone. It's good to be with you again. Now, how, How person, first of all, how are you? First of all, how's your energy You? Know I am. Well, we are a week out And I am just, I'm in, I'm in the zone, right? We gotta cover a lot of ground. There's still a lot of people to talk with. And so I am traveling all over the country, in particular the, the swing states to, to talk with folks and organize them and remind folks of the power of their vote. Well, You know, Madam Vice President You know I support you. This is Charlamagne You know I support you. The Breakfast Club supports you in 2018.


When you came up here, I told you I thought you would be president one day. We thought it would be in 2020. I was on the campaign trail with you in 2020. So I'm happy to see you in this position. And the reason I'm stressing that I'm voting for you on November 5th is because Trump is, has been running these, these ads with myself and envy in them, these anti-trans ads without our permission, how do we combat that? Can we? Well, yes. I mean, look, truth is always gonna prevail over the misinformation and the lies, but it takes work, right? And so having this conversation right now, so all your listeners know, but there is a lot of misinformation and disinformation because they don't actually want to talk about the truth because their truth is a failing truth.


Hmm. And so, yeah, we gotta keep reminding folks of the reality, which is I'm blessed and and honored to have your support and the support of so many communities and individuals who are, their names are known, and some names You know, your listeners may not know, but they are leaders in their community. Now, Ms. Vice President, if you were here, I would be holding up my Hampton University helmet, but we're not gonna go there today. I wanted to ask the Other hq I know, Sorry. Both of y'all had experience Those tools. She said, I know, I'm sorry, of y'all hadn't experience those Hampton, Delaware State University. Honestly, both of y'all should have attended. But we, we get it. We Understand. I wanted to ask about those trans ads. You know in the ads he's saying that You know Kamala Harris wants to spend taxpayers money for sex changes in jails.


He spent millions and millions of dollars on. And like Charlemagne said, having him and myself in that, how do you answer that for people that don't know? And what, what is the real news when it comes to that? Well, first of all, to your point, he has spent tens of millions of dollars trying to hit me with a bunch of disinformation and misinformation on this. And he's living in a glass house because the policies he's speaking about in terms of those surgeries were also his policies. And the reality of it is that it would also, those ads relate to two people versus the fact that he wants to get rid of the Affordable Care Act, which would impact 45 million people. He wants to get rid of our $35 a month cap on insulin, which would impact millions of people, including millions of our seniors, black and brown folks.


Latinos are 70% more likely to be diagnosed with diabetes, black American, 60% more likely to be diagnosed with diabetes. He wants to take away healthcare through Medicare. And he wants to distract from the fact that he actually, not only does he have a plan on this versus no plan on anything else, but his plan is to get rid of healthcare coverage for the most needy. Well, You know, while he was at MSG and he had people up there insulting Puerto Ricans and black people and Jewish people, you was actually in Philly reaching out to the black and Latino community. Yes, I was in Philly meeting with leaders, many leaders in many communities, but including leaders in the Puerto Rican community to talk with them about my longstanding commitment to Puerto Rico, to the people who live on that island who have often been overlooked.


In fact, they know, and we talked about the fact that when, even when I was in the United States Senate, knowing Puerto Rico doesn't have its own United States Senator, I was a leader in making sure that we would get relief to people on the island when it came to like the aftermath of Hurricane Maria. And what I shared with everyone is part of my opportunity economy as You know, which is about lifting up people around home ownership and small businesses that I will have a specific opportunity economy task force for Puerto Rico that will focus on the needs that they have in terms of fixing that electrical grid in Puerto Rico, and also bringing private sector investment together with government investment and nonprofit investment onto the island to help with job creation and sustainability for the island.


Hmm. VP Harris, this is Lauren. Nice to meet you. Meet we nice, we talk a lot up here about the Black Men conversation, the fact that people You know, they keep trying to push this whole black men are not supporting Kamala Harris. That's a lot. And and my question to you is, is You know the fact that You know, even if it's a lie, people are still saying it. What is your strong push to any black man right now that feels like you're not speaking directly to them and about the things that they should care about for their families and for themselves? Well, Lauren, I have to tell you back to, to what Charlamagne is shouting in the background. The brothers aren't saying that. I mean, I was just at the barbershop in, in Philly talking with very incredible and distinguished men who are leaders in their community and small business and education.


And these men, these black men were talking about not only their support from me, but most importantly their support from my perspective on what we can do that lifts up the community and taps into the ambitions and the aspirations. For example, the work that I will do that includes not only increasing access to capital for small businesses and minority owned small businesses, but part of my agenda includes a $20,000 forgivable loan for startup small businesses who are invariably gonna be the folks that you, And, I are now talking about who just need that startup help to be able to buy the equipment or to start up a, a meaningful website You know it because it can't just be starting up a business and having your cousin set up your website, right?


It's gotta be something where it can actually help you access markets and customers. These are the kinds of things we talked about. And I will tell you at the rallies that I am doing, where there are thousands of people, I just did a rally the other night. 30,000 people were there and the number of people cover the whole span of race, gender, and age. But the black men in particular who are at the rallies have recently been saying to me, don't you listen to that? And they gotta stop with all that noise. We support you. So I'm glad you raised the topic so we could actually deal with the reality of it versus what some of the media is trying to create as a narrative. Well, You know, You know, A poll came out that said it was a a BC news poll, and it said that you're winning black men 85% and outperforming Biden by 14 points with black men from 2020.


I have said from the very beginning, black men are no different than any other voter. You have to earn their vote. And part of the, the challenge, I think with the perspective in this narrative has been to suggest anybody's got black men in their pocket. No, you have to earn the vote. Which is why I've been out talking with folks about not only my history of work that has had a positive impact, but also the work that has yet to be done, again, around lifting up the economic situation, helping young fathers with what they wanna do to parent their children with a, an extension of the child tax credit to $6,000 for the first year of their child's life. What I intend to do that is about tapping into the, the desire for home ownership and a $25,000 down payment assistance for first time home buyers.


Let's talk about that. And that's why those numbers are 85% Charlemagne, because folks know I have a genuine commitment based on hard work that I have already done to lift up the community versus to your point, Donald Trump and Madison Square Garden with all those tropes versus Donald Trump, who took out a full page ad in the New York Times for the Central Park, five suggesting that these young black and and brown, and they were not young men, they were children, should be executed. Donald Trump, who in New York as a landlord, refused to rent to black families. Donald Trump, who called the first black president, is called him out and suggested he was not born in the United States, and then most recently refers to black legal immigrants in Ohio as though they're eating their pets.


That's Right. All right. We have more with Vice President Kamala Harris when we come back. Don't move, it's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren fil in for Jess. We're still kicking in with Vice President Kamala Harris. I was gonna ask You know, we see the support you have with with small businesses. We see the support you have with HBCUs. We even see the home buying voucher that is, is there to help, especially our community get into our homes. What is your message to these undecided voters that are right now, we're a week away, that still don't know which way they want to go and, and everything that you trying to do that's positive, they say, well, the home buying voucher is just gonna make people of charge more money for houses and, and HBCUs is for this and for that, what do you say to those undecided voters right now that we're a week away?


First of all, please go. I'm You know. I'm gonna throw out my website DJ and because people have to be able to see it and read it for themselves and take their time with it, for those who are interested and want to be more informed, and if I haven't had a chance to meet with them and talk with them directly, I invite you in your busy lives. If you can take some time to look at my website, kamala harris.com and look at my policies, for example, $25,000 down payment assistance for first time home buyers. Lemme tell you why that's not gonna have an unintended effect because that increases the demand for home ownership, which is going to have an impact also on supply.


What we are, my part of my plan is You know I've been in public service my entire career, but I know the limitations of government. So part of my plan for affordable housing is to work with home builders and developers to give them tax credits, to create incentives for them to build more homes. But I'm gonna tell you another part of my perspective on this. I also know that in particular for high rent, a lot of it has to do with corporate corporations that are buying up all this housing and then eliminating competition and jacking up rents. And part of my plan is to also go after them. Similarly on the price of groceries, you And I both know it's still too high. I'm gonna go after price gouging, which is those bad corporations that are jacking up the price of everyday necessities folks, especially those who are, for example, in the zone of Hurricane Helene and other places that have experienced extreme emergencies and those bad corporations, and most of them are not, but those that will take advantage of the desperation of people in need.


So these are the examples. And I will tell you, look, I'm about to give a a speech at the ellipse in front of the White House, and part of what I will be talking about is that there is going to be a new president on January 20th of next year, and it's either gonna be Donald Trump or it's gonna be me. And I would ask people to imagine the Oval Office. People have seen it on tv, You know what it looks like. It's either gonna be Donald Trump sitting behind that desk writing out his enemies list of who he's gonna seek revenge and retribution on, or it's gonna be me working on behalf of the American people as I always have done working on my to-do list to see through these policies that are about home ownership, lifting up our small businesses, lifting up families with children, and lifting up the discourse in a way that it is not about trashing people all the time.


That's right. Which is why You know even back to the point of Puerto Rico, bad Bunny is endorsement. He knows and, and, and, and Jennifer Lopez and they love Puerto Rico and they are proud in terms of that heritage and they know how demeaning and destructive Donald Trump can be on things like that. I'm proud to have the support of the kinds of people not like those at Donald Trump's rally yesterday at Mad Madison Square Garden. The people supporting me, bad Bunny, Fat, Joe, Quavo, Beyonce, Kelly Rowland, And I could go on down the list. So I'd invite people to just look at who is supporting who as one measure of who cares about who, right? How do you feel Madam Vice president about these major publications like the LA Times, the Washington Post refusing to endorse somebody for President You know Charlemagne I, it's disappointing, no doubt.


But the other piece of it is it gets back to my point about who is Donald Trump because he, he is the one right who is up for election with me. And I think that some of your listeners they know and others may not, which is that look, it's billionaires and Donald Trump's club, that's who's in his


Did You know There's no Tom at Toms, our name reflects our commitment to creating better tomorrows this season embrace cozy comfort with Toms from Chic Boots and Everyday sneakers to wedges in our iconic Alpr goddess slip bonds. Our cloud bound insoles deliver exceptional cushioning, perfect for morning meetings, yoga sessions, farmer's markets, and quiet moments at home. When you buy Toms, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together we've positively impacted over 100 million people date and we're only getting started Shop Fall Footwear Essentials now@toms.com.


Hey there, my little creeps. It's your favorite ghost host, Theresa. And guess what? Hunting is back. Drop it just in time for spooky season. Now I know you've probably been wandering the Mortal plane wondering when I'd be back to fill your ears with deliciously unsettling stories. Well wonder no more because we've got a ghoulishly good lineup ready for you. Let's just say things get a bit extra. We're talking spirits, demons, and the kind of supernatural chaos that'll make your spooky season complete. You know how much I love this time of year. It's the one time I'm actually on trend. So grab your pumpkin spice dust off that Ouija board. Just don't call me unless it's urgent and tune in for new episodes every week. Remember, the veils are thin, the stories are spooky, and your favorite ghost host is back and batter than ever. Listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey everyone, it's Jay Shetty And I. Am so excited to let You know that my latest podcast interview is with the one and only Tom Hanks. Tom rarely does long form interviews. So I was so grateful to have the time to dive deep into family mental health and the mindset behind his long successful career. Dude, I travel light And I can travel light emotionally. My I'm done. There's stuff that I cannot control. I have left many of wonderful atmosphere or a loving atmosphere or a friendly atmosphere. And like Ernie Banks, the You know the ball player for the Chicago Cubs without ever looking back, without thinking, oh, things were really wonderful back then. I wish I was back there, Jay, I don't think I've ever thought that. Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Trust me, you won't want to miss this one.


Hey fam, I'm Simone Boyce. I'm Danielle Robe And we're the hosts of the Brightside the Daily podcast from Hello Sunshine that is guaranteed to light up your day every Weekday we bring you conversations with the culture makers who inspire us. Like a recent episode with Grammy Award-winning Rapper Eve on her new memoir and the moments that made her, It became a theme in my life, the Underdog syndrome of being questioned of the, would they say this to a man? No, they would not like why? That was one of those moments where you're just like, oh wow. It was a bit shocking, but it didn't take any steam away or anything like that. If anything, it was more of the, okay, I'll show you. No worries. Listen To the Brightside from Hello Sunshine on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome home y'all. 72 days, 47 days only. There Are 33. Count 'em, 33 days until election day. Do something. Hey y'all, I'm Angela R here with my co-host, Andrew Gillum and Tiffany Cross of Native Lamb Pop. So listen, we are all feeling so anxious about this upcoming election. And I know you guys are too. I am scared. Okay, You know what I'm bracing for right now, honestly is this October surprise, the October Surprise is the war, The one we need to talk about. Democracy is on the line. That's why we created Native lamp pod to give voice to the voiceless and duet if cut Through the nun since They take splinters and US population grievances between black folk, white folks on and so forth, and then they manipulate it. Yes, Black voters and Latino voters are clearly a big threat to the GOP. Welcome home, y'all welcome all. Listen to Native Lamb Pod on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Plus that's who he hangs out with. That's who he cares about. That's why when he was last president, he put in a place a massive tax cut for billionaires and the biggest corporations and that is exactly what he will do. Again, his policies are not about middle class folks. He's not sitting around thinking about what he can do to take care of your grandmother and your grandfather. He's thinking about people like himself or himself and all of his grievances and all that makes him angry about how he has personally been treated as opposed to worrying about how you have been treated and what his responsibility is to lift you up. Well, Madam Vice President, we appreciate you so, so much.


Check. I know. Gotta check in. I know you got calls to make and things to do today. I do have one last quick question though. How often do you say to yourself, man, Donald Trump, just in, just in, Just play a little time, A little yg. If it's on the playlist, it's cool. You know, let me tell you actually, the, my focus and honestly more is on. I just love, I love the American people and that people are taking time out of their so busy lives with all their demands to take the time to vote, to stand in line. Especially in those places where their state leaders have tried to make it more difficult for them to vote. That's, that's really where I spend my time.


And and the contrast point is really about that they deserve better. They deserve better. They deserve a president who actually cares. Absolutely. That's right. Thank you Madam Vice President, Appreciate you A week away. Everybody go out there and vote, be Back with you. Okay. Talk to y'all soon. Thank you. Now. Bye. The Vice President Kamala Harris. The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. We are The Breakfast Club. Hopefully you're enjoying your Tuesday. Let's get to just with the Mess with Lauren LaRosa Is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying Lie she don't spare nobody. Why Jess Worldwide mess on The, Breakfast Club the coaches with Lauren, Lauren la back.


And, I got the mess. Talk to me. Okay, so Andre d Daon dropped a surprise verse, but it's not a verse, but it's a verse. So what you, me, okay, so there's a song that he just released. The song is called Something is Happening. And I may Fully, and I'm, I'm sorry, And I may not fully understand, but I'm happy to stand for the understanding. Now, this song, it's almost 30 minutes long at like 22 minutes you kind of hear this like hidden verse that people are trying to like dissect, but it's very hard to understand what's happening. It, let's take a listen to it.


What you say You know by, I Think it's in reverse. You know I listened to New Blue Sun hoping for stuff like that. Like when I first heard New Blue Sun, I mean I, I like the music, but I listened to every record hoping he would give us a sneaky verse. You know that was, he wasn't thinking about that verse. Like, no, but, but if you've ever been to an Andre 3000 show, like if you ever been to one of his new Blue Sun shows, he does stuff like that. And then he'll turn to the audience and be like, I ain't say nothing just now. I'm not even joking. Oh, so it's because I was about to say, could we like reverse it to see if he's actually saying something? But you, you probably, I I'm not saying that that's that verse, but if you've ever been to a new Blue Sun show, he has these moments where he does things like that. Yeah. When he'll be speaking like this language and, and everybody will be mesmerized and you'll see people even trying to talk back to him in that language.


So then he be like, I ain't saying nothing just now. I was just messing with y'all. I Feel like if I, I feel like if I was like high or something, I probably would've been trying to talk back or decode that even more. We, if we could we reverse that? No, not right yet. No. Yeah, I, I don't know. So yeah, I mean people were excited 'cause when you hear Andre 3000 verse, 'cause y'all know he said he wasn't rapping no more. People got excited and then they were like, wait, what is he saying to us? What is happening right now? Okay, Just there. Yep. Killer, killer Mike sitting on a 10 minute Andre 3000 verse. Yeah. When, Yesterday when I heard it was a, a long verse release. That's what I thought. It wasn't Mike Killer, Mike definitely sitting on a killer. Mike and Andre 3000 got a song that's about 16 minutes long. You Heard that one, right? Did you say I heard. Oh, did I?


That ain't never gonna see the lie today. I have no idea. We gonna just be decoding through like Weed and Molly and all that for the rest of our, if God wants that record to come out, it'll come out. 'cause I, because God is definitely on that record. Mm. God was definitely in the booth when Mike and Dre did that one. Lord have mercy. Can we get like a little bit of like a He ain't gonna give it to you Like something like if God is on that verse, Andre 3000 and Killer Mike. Like duh. Okay. If God, if God wanted you to hear it, you would've heard it. He wanted me to hear it. She would wanted me to hear it. Yeah. I don't know. Okay. All right. Well you guys remember when Marlon Wayne was up here speaking of decoding and we were having a conversation with him and he was saying that something weigh-ins was about to come. He couldn't tell us exactly what it was, but like something was coming, it was gonna be announcing it soon.


And I had told homegirl who's publicist in here, like, I'm gonna, I'm gonna be on you until we can be a part of figuring what that out is. Well today I, I was made aware that today after noon there will be some news dropping, telling The World exactly what that is. And so we'll be back here with details tomorrow morning on the show discussing that and hopefully I can have You know some details of sort for us as well too. But that will be coming. But I thought we did a really good job of decoding this Carter. Figure it out. Yeah, take a listen for the people that don't remember what he was here, take a listen. We about to have a a an announcement. We going to announce next week. I can't talk about it here, but a big announcement coming so I'm just gonna leave it at there. Y'all rebooting like I said it, it's a big announcement coming you digging.


She want juice. Can't say that and it be like, I'm not gonna say it. What do we want from the Waynes right now? Williams brothers. Wayne Brothers tow would be kind of crazy. That's On tour. Drink That water kind of hard close. So this is what I do when I call to confirm story. Stop. Okay? You can't confirm or deny, but am I in the right area? If we say that there may be an assembly of the Wayans Brothers that includes, that includes traveling and jokes, I'll just say that there may be a assembly of the way's brothers, and I'm gonna leave it at that. All y'all raise your hands if you think it is a comedy tour. I think it's a comedy tour Or documentary. You think it's a, I was gonna say a documentary or movie. Probably a, I don't think a movie More, more probably a documentary. I think a doc or I think a doc.


I, I think a doc. I think a Williams brothers doc because You know I don't feel like the Williams brothers get their get their just do. But You know the only reason they don't get their just do is 'cause sometimes you don't know. Sometimes you have to package things You know in a nice documentary style thing format so people really understand what You know the game you've laid down over the I Don and There's so many generations in the way too. So some people might not remember some of the older things that they did and they just remember the newer things. I just also feel like too for a comedy tour for them in 2024, I don't know if, I don't know if The World would be ready for that. They a little bit off the cuff, which is great, but like it's just, I don't know. It's a comedy tour But You know how people get That's eh, we don't care about them. That's what so A lot of the Waynes stay out the way because of the way that The World is set up right now. My thing. But not on that stage though.


On that stage you Gonna see Damon on that stage Marlin on that stage. That's right. They gonna bring it. Yeah, but that's what I'm saying. That's how I think the comedy tour right now. Not that I think that they scared, but I just don't know. They definitely not scared The World would take it. They're not scared. They got Dave Chap, they just don't give a f. Yeah, they Not scared. It would be so great. I I would, I would go to multiple tour stops. Okay, so again, make sure y'all You know right back here with us tomorrow. I will have those details. And when y'all see that news, remember The Breakfast Club told you that it was coming. Whoa. Pause. Yeah, we moving on. Did You need to pause now? Did he, did you been flagrant for three, four minutes? You was like, they was coming, they was coming. You jumped on the publicist to make sure that they coming out was like, damn, Lauren, First of all, I didn't say I jumped public to make sure that they came.


That's what you heard. I'm out of it. You watching too much? What you was watching earlier with the guy with the butt, he could be playing this one video in here. Y y'all this guy's butt. Listen Tyler Perry haven't, how you Explain that when your wife go through your, listen your wife having to ever look in that phone and see that, how you explain that We got the same sense of humor but listen, that, that show should be called Booty in Black because I now you Gotta play for people that, dunno You gotta explain it. It's the number one show on Netflix. People are watching that show. It's the number one show on Netflix and the number one most played video in that phone. Man, Tyler Perry Beauty in Black is hilarious. So what happens in the video and Tyler has done it again? Booty, Booty, booty every, Come on. I don't wanna give it away. Don give it away. No's just close to the Booty. Come on. Source this close to The booty. I don't wanna give it away.


Okay. Charlemagne was so excited about that. Yeah, just know. I'm waiting to see if he comes back for that ass. Just literally listen. No, that's the, that's what I'm waiting on. That was the clip. Hey, literally Come back. Wait to see if he come back. Did he come back for the ass? I got to see Tyler Perry made y'all say what y'all want about Tyler. That's a crazy finger. Tyler, Tyler, Tyler Perry knows he got some type of secret sauce that he puts in his shows that keeps you hooked. Okay. I don't for what y'all Say for you, could You imagine if he called you say old charm And I got a part for you. Would you Do that part? No. No. You don't even know What It's not the part that, that the part I'm talking about. No, there's no reason for me doing that. That could be a good role For you though.


The part that you showed us where it's just the booty. No, the guy's booty. They ended the episode on that. I Got a father. Okay. My father's very much alive and well. Okay. And I don't need to hear that. Okay. No, no, no, no, no. Some things ain I'm not doing. I could be starting your acting career. I've already started that, but I don't want an acting career. Real life depicts the art sometimes. Well, Beauty and black is great. Y'all should watch it. Y'all pick. I enjoyed it. I'm enjoying it. I can You know the Booty And black. It's hilarious. Watch it. Booty Black butt. All right, well that is, I see that ball with beige while you playing. What you look that close? I'm gonna tell Don Robs put your face on it. Boom. I'm sending it to him right now. No, he just used to I'm hit him first. I'm hit Don first.


Whatcha You gonna say? I'm gonna say put NB face on This. You you got the video too. Y'all was sending those videos back and forth to each other? No, he said what is happening in here? No, I didn't send him that video. Charlemagne sent you that video? No, he didn't send it. He just showed it to me. Lil De Wall actually sent it to me. Mm, I see. But I, I was watching the show though. The show's good. Alright, well that is just with the Mess with Lauren Aosa. All right, now when we come back we got the People's Choice mix. Come on Don. I'm calling Darnell. I want Don. I wanna get in touch with Don before Charlemagne does. For what? Done. Damn. I texted him too. Alright, well Why y'all up here acting like y'all don't be booty and and Besian and all that all day long. What Is that? That's what y'all be doing. Yeah. Now y'all don't.


Okay. Whatever. We Should have been with the commercial. Wrap it up. We gotta Go's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. We got us Ute 50 cent for joining us today. Never a dull moment with 50 cent is in the building. Man. One of the most entertaining people Yes. Ever to exist in our culture. Absolutely. Ever. And not just entertaining, I mean just one of the greatest businessmen that exist in our culture. Yep. And. I mean when you think about the way 50 has reinvented himself from music to, to well from mix tapes, which is music. But I just think about how he revolutionized the mix tape game. Then he revolutionized the music game. Yep. And then now he's doing that in TV and film. Tv film. Yeah. Gotta Love It.


And don't forget, if you get a chance, make sure you, what's wrong With you Lauren? Nothing The Hell. You over there grinning football. Nothing. I'm just sitting here listening to you talk. Jesus Crazy. She did 50 ha Boo. Oh really? Oh my God. I was honestly just ain doing what you were saying. And. I was just sitting here. I can't just be happy about Well he's gonna be in Vegas for his residency and you should go out to his residency and support. Aren't you going? I am going. Yes. I'm going too. I'm Going to silent yesterday. That's how you get when you got a real crush. First of all, I wasn't silent. I was talking. You was very silent. You was like, you wasn't even when behind the scenes you was not even talking to him like that. I don't know what you're talking about. That's what it was. I don't know what you're talking about.


Uhoh. Okay. That's why you got your hair done First of all. Wow. I Just thought shit. That's why you wore, why you that? That's why you wore a little school girl yesterday. You do do bro. No, I Wow. Got the bob y'all. No, I got my hair done. Just be, I had to get my hair done from Norfolk. Norfolk took that bob out. It was over. Oh, So you over with the baby already. The what? Why you keep putting me with all these people? I You was flirting with the baby. Not me. Whoa. I was doing nothing but having a conversation and the interview until You took off his shirt and then you started You did. You did melt. He Took off his shirt. And. I just happened to look over And. I wasted like damn, no shirt. Okay, you melted. You did. You was ready to crash out. Y'all be No, y'all be crashing me out in the seat and that's not what's happening.


I'm driving and I'm not crashing. Look, you just giggling. Okay, well don't forget. 50 gonna be out in Vegas for his residency. Make sure y'all check him out. That's right. And also salute to vice president Kamala Harris who checked in earlier this morning as well. Yeah. She gave us a quick call You, know what I mean? Just to talk about her speech tonight that she's given and You know her last week on the campaign trail. So y'all make sure y'all go out there and vote next Tuesday. Man, I was A little quiet in that interview too. See? Well, she was only 15 minutes. I'm just Waiting 15, 60 minutes. You know, just listening in. It was a quick call taking it in. No, I get it. I mean listen, I understand you get a little You know fifties, you boo. You get a little ooh, don't know what to say to the person. Well Can we on the radio like in several markets of things? Yeah, we are.


Well You know what the vice president kind of ed though. When she said Delaware State, it was kind of like crickets. No, don't do that to Delaware State because We said Hampton and she was like, she threw a shot at me and ain't nobody when you said Delaware State, it Was just, I, listen, I can't help the fact that y'all had to go to these schools that y'all just keep talking, talking about and y'all didn't experience the best school on planet, the best HBCU on the planet Delaware say university. So if you wanna get quiet when I talk about that, you go ahead. That's you dealing with your trauma. So I'm gonna let you, you got something to say? Exactly. Damn, You got a positive note when we Come back at The? Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's C Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy we are The Breakfast. Club Lauren. The roast of filling in for Jess. It's time to get up outta here. Charlamagne, you got a positive Note?


I do, man. The positive note today comes from the great Maya Angelou. Maya Angelou once said, I have great respect for the past. If you don't know where you've come from, you don't know where you're going. I have respect for the past, but I'm a person of the moment. I'm here. And I do my best to be completely centered at the place I'm at. Then I go forward to the next place. Peace y'all. Breakfast Club bitches. Y'all finish or y'all done?


Did You know there's no Tom at Tom's? Our name reflects our commitment to creating better tomorrows this season embrace cozy comfort with Toms from Chic Boots and Everyday sneakers to wedges in our iconic Alpr goddess Slip-ons. Our cloud bound insoles deliver exceptional cushioning, perfect for morning meanings, yoga sessions, farmer's markets, and quiet moments at home. When you buy Toms, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date and we're only getting started. Shop Fall Footwear Essentials now@toms.com.


Hey y'all, I'm Angela Rye here with my co-host, Andrew Gillum and Tiffany Cross. We know y'all are feeling anxious about the upcoming election. That's why we created Native Lamp Pod to help you cut through the noise and the nonsense. They take grievances between black folk, white folks, so on and so forth. And then they manipulate It. Yes, black voters And Latino voters are clearly a big threat to the GLP. Take action this election cycle. Vote and listen to Native Lamp Pod on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Join late night legend John Stewart and the best news team for today's biggest headlines, exclusive extended interviews and more. Now, this is a second term we can all get behind. Listen to the Daily Show, ears Edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey friends, Hey friends, I'm m Jessica Capshaw and This is Camilla Luddington. And We. have a new podcast. call It what It is. you may know us from Graceland Memorial, but did you know That We are actually besties in real life? And As all besties do we navigate the highs and lows of life together, big or small? We are there and now here we are opening up the Friendship circle to you. Listen to Call It What It Is on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome to Gracias. Come again. A podcast by Honey German where we get real and dive straight into to we're talking mu and all things trending in my cultura. I'm bringing you all the latest happening in our entertainment world and some fun and impactful interviews with your favorite Latin artists, comedians, actors, and influencers. Each week we get deep and wildlife stories, combos on the issues that matter to us. And it's all packed with Gem Sponge, straight up Goria. And that's a song that only Este and sprinkle. Listen to, gracias. Come Again on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.