
New from embedded. Who gets to compete as a woman? This question came up in ugly form at the Paris Olympics, but it's not new. If she runs like a man and talks like a man, Is she a man Here? About the long history of sex testing, women athletes on Tested a new series from CBC and NPRs Embedded podcast. Listen to all episodes on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your Horizons hip play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast, sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts S Sniffy Cruising Confessions. S Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to S Sniffy Cruising Confessions, sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday.


I'm Angie Martinez, and on my podcast I like to talk to everyone from Hall of Fame athletes to iconic musicians about getting real on some of the complications and challenges of real life. I had the best at And I have the best memories and the greatest experience, and that's all I want for my kids, as long as they can have that. Listen to Angie Martinez, IRL on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


For 10 years, I've been obsessed with one of the most bizarre and audacious cons in rock and roll history. We were all facing 20 years and all that good stuff. The lead singer tried to pull off an English accent and they went on the road as the zombies. These guys are not gonna get away with it. The zombies are too popular. Everyone Listen to the true story of the fake zombies on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


In a world where TikTok didn't exist yet, that the comedy of a Mexicano cross borders the Heart of America. Sonoro e iHeart's URA Podcast Network. How did a Mexican writer become a symbol of global television? Listen to Nanda iHeartRadio, apple Podcasts, or wherever you stream podcasts.


You Guys, this is history what you've done with Haw because you guys have built a platform that influence Ai. s Most, Dangerous, Morning Show. Fuck B. DJ Envy. And I made just hilarious. Jesse, she spell nobody. Charlemagne to God. What made you think the vi of controversial questions would take his part? I like this show. Thanks. Breakfast Club. Good morning. USA Yo yo, yo yo yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, Yo yo, yo yo, yo Yo, yo yo. Jess LAIs is on maternity leave. Laura and LaRosa is here filling in. What's up Lauren? Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Hey y'all. Hey Jess. If, you listening?


How you feeling? I'm feeling great. I'm so happy to be back. Happy to be here with y'all. I'm so happy to see you, If. you don't know Lauren who is the homie who every time I report something and gets it wrong, Lauren will check me immediately. Be like, envy. You said this wrong. Envy. You have misinformation. Envy. You should have said this. So I am glad that you are here. How are you feeling? I'm glad you're here. How are you doing? Back to waking up at four o'clock in the morning? You good? I'm Good. I was already waking up. I had still been waking up at, at least by like 6, 6 30. 'cause that's when the news starts going. You know we be doing our thing over at Brown Girl grinding with the news stuff. So it wasn't that hard this morning. I did oversleep a little bit, so I had to do my makeup when I got here. But I feel great. And now I don't have to text y'all when something Good morning.


Morning Ll Cool, babe. Good Morning. Charla drop on the clues bombs for LL Cool Bay. Lauren LaRosa, happy to have you. Oh, I'm happy to be here. Why you start on a Friday? You know I don't be knowing. I just come when the Just Start yesterday. That's what I thought Me. That was a memo. And Envy was like, when I posted The Envy was like, no, you was supposed to be here Thursday. I'm like, it's just like old times. Oh, I know. I definitely said no iga. I said, you supposed to be here tomorrow, so don't start that. And she's Like, it's, but it's good day though because Isha Santana set it off last night that, so she did To talk about. She definitely did. Emmy. Lemme see your beard. Let me see. What'd you do to it, man? Did you find an artist? Did you find an artist to paint it? No, I, I did not find a ball. But yet, leave me alone. Don't you jump In with him. Did. Sorry. No, I'm just Let shout out.


Sorry. Let me shout out to 50 sets. Of course, he had the humor in Harmony Week and yesterday was the kickoff and he had his comedy show yesterday and the comedy show, he brought out so many comedians. He brought out Dave Chappelle, Andrew Schultz, Michael Blacks, and you name it, in the comedy world. They were there performing. And Oh, so the comedy show was last night, then Comedy show was last night. Oh, okay, okay, okay. That's giving HBCU Homecoming week. Yeah. Comedy show on comedy show on a Thursday. That's A-H-B-C-U Homecoming week kick come. That's right. And it was packed, sold out. It was, it was over packed to the point where You know in graduation, when you have graduation, you have the original graduation, then you have the tent on the side where you can see hilarious. He actually had like a dome on the side where you can actually watch it, which was more popping than the actual show.


So that was pretty dope. And overflow Dome is Crazy performances. I mean, 50 turned his place upside down, man. He really did a lot. And I'm happy and proud of that. Boy, I don't believe Shreveport is big enough. People was hitting me yesterday like, Hey man, I'm gonna be in Shreveport this weekend. I'm like, what that gotta do with me? So I'm, I'm putting envy on text with people You know. Yeah, You know. So, But it, it got to a point where people couldn't get in. It was so, it, it oversold. It was like, you, you could not get in And. I'm, and people are asking me and I'm like, bro, I, I, I don't know. Like it's nothing I can do. Like I don't know. But yeah, so that's dope though. Don't text me Text 50. That's what I tell everybody. Text 50 If, you ain't got his number. That ain't my fault. That ain't my problem. And I Doubt 50. Answering the phone this weekend.


He done turn his phone off this weekend. Ain't happening. Not at all. Well, let's get the show cracking. We got front page news with Morgan Wood and then you got a lot with Jess with the mess. There's a lot going on, huh? Yes. Yep, yep, yep. Isha Jess with the mess is about to be crazy. Alright, we'll get to all of that when we come back. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. Its D kj, nv, Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The, Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa is filling in. And let's get in some front page news. Now, before we jump into Morgan, I just wanna talk, I don't like you say filling in. I it's preseason. Say say Morgan is guest hosting. I don't like you saying filling in because we can look at your beard. Oh, Lauren, I'm sorry. Her name is Lauren. We can say Lauren is filling in because we can look at your bed and tell you that you don't know how to feel nothing there.


So say, Oh my gosh, Sports, that was So night. My Giants beat the Detroit Lions 14 three, the Patriots beat the Panthers. 17 three in preseason. Good morning Morgan. Good morning. Happy Friday. She, she Louise. I thought she Good Morning mustache. I really thought you Talked. Good Morning, Baldy. Sorry. Hey Morgan. Hey girl. Hey, let's get into it y'all. So at least one debate between former President Trump and Vice President Kamala Harris is officially set a B, c News announced that Trump and Harris agreed to debate on September 10th as previously P planned up with Biden. Now during a press event from his Mar Largo home, Trump said he agreed to two more debates on NBC and Fox News.


But those networks and VP Harris have yet to confirm. Let's hear more from Trump on the debates. They may or may not agree. I don't know if they're gonna agree they, she hasn't done an interview, she can't do an interview. She's barely competent. But I look forward to the debates because I think we have to set the record straight. Why is it that millions of people were allowed to come into our country from prisons, from jails, from mental institutions and insane asylums. You know it's funny, right? Like they keep saying she hasn't done no interviews. And I do think that she's definitely gonna have to do interviews, but to say that she can't do 'em is insane. We got three of 'em. I've done three interviews with the vice president before for sure. 200 B Breakfast Club one on my TV show. So it's like, come on, I'm actually looking forward.


She's going to that debate, baby. She gonna sit him down. Yeah, It's not gonna go the way Trump wants us go. Oh no, it's nah, he ain't never definitely The way Biden looked in the debate against Trump is how Trump is gonna look against the vice president. No, from the worst actually, actually worse, because he's gonna look like a legitimate madman. All you gonna see is a human moving with straight emotion. And I, no logic Whatsoever. I hope she give him that black woman. Don't play with me in the story like she did the other day. She will. I'm speaking, I'm speaking. Yep. So meanwhile the former president also is drawing a a, he said he drew a bigger crowd on January 6th, 2021 than Martin Luther King did in his 1963. I have a dream speech. Trump really, let's hear more on Trump on the MLK crowd.


Nobody's spoken to crowds bigger than me, If. you look at Martin Luther King when he did his speech, his great speech. And you look at ours. Same real estate, same everything, Same number of people. If not, we had more. Well that's exactly what Martin Luther King Jr. Wanted for us all. He wanted us to dream. So I have no problem, I have no problem with what Trump just said. Even though it's a lie, we have to You know I'm who am I to crush somebody's dreams? Let's set those numbers straight. So Trump's crowd was an estimated 53,000 people, whereas King wi was witnessed by 250,000. So you might wanna get your numbers up. Numbers don't lie. And just switching gears, three family members have been arrested in connection with an alleged racist event in Virginia City, Nevada.


Now Gary Miller is accused of violation of breach of Peace. Janice Miller is accused of battery and Tiffany Miller is accused of obstructing and delaying a peace officer. The incident was filmed last weekend during the hot August night's car show and the victim Ricky Johnson, he's speaking out with KRNV news. Have you guys seen that video? Nom not, No. Alright, let's hear the audio from Ricky Johnson on what happened in regards to that incident. I came peacefully. Those guys was wrong. They degraded me, they treated me like I was trash. I want justice And I want awareness to be put out into The World all over that There is still racism everywhere.


What's the alleged racist incident? What happened? So what happened was he was walking down the street collecting signatures and the trio, those three people basically started verbally harassing him. One of the, he is a black man and one of them allegedly mentioned that there was a hanging tree down the way that You know if, if basically he didn't get out of the neighborhood or if he wasn't complying to what they wanted him to do, that there was a hanging tree down the street. Oh that's not alleged then. That's, that's dang, that's pretty racist. And what neighborhood was this? Morgan? This is Virginia City, Nevada. So this has gone viral on social media. So If, you guys wanna check that out Again, trigger warning, because he was You know crying in the video. He's very emotional and he was surrounded by a lot of white people.


So it was, it wasn't the the best You know incident for him. But those three people have been arrested and justice hopefully will be served. We'll talk more in the next hour about the president. It looks like a ceasefire could actually be in the works like actually, So, okay. Alright, well thank you Morgan. We'll see you next hour. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Wake up. Wake up. This is your time to get it off your chest.


Mad or blessed? We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello. Who's this? This is Blind Beauty. Hey, blind Beauty. Good morning, Peace Blind Beauty good? Yes. Good morning everybody. I wanna shout out all of the Leos. I have a birthday tomorrow. I'm super excited to do absolutely nothing and relax. Yeah, so shout out to all of the Leos and also shout out to Trav. I got to meet you guys, guys for my birthdays, but that was really great at Envy. I have a little gift for you. I just got my text. Thank You. I ain't listening.


I didn't open it yet, but when my wife gets up we'll open it together. And also I knew you. You guys will go sightseeing. Did that, did they take out sightseeing? Stop saying that. I don't like how that sounds. Charlemagne. It's okay. You, we can interchange words. When I watch tv I'm not gonna say I'm about to go listen. I say I go watch tv obviously I do it differently. But yeah, we went to this place, the one place was booked up the blindfolded one, but we went to a Goma Gourmet place. It was nice. We went to Margaritaville, got some tequila so it was nice. It was cool. Y'all Was vibing y'all vibe. State building. Did they take you to the Empire State Building and The World trade building and all that? Like they said they would. No, we didn't have time to be honest.


And traffic in New York is ridiculous honestly. So we didn't, we was on foot and it was hot of the muff out there so we didn't get to do all of that. But it was really, really fun. And we're shooting the video for outside holes. So we gonna be outside next Saturday. Tough tune. Tough tune. Blind beauty. I like that record. Well thank you Blind Beauty. And you, you enjoy your birthday. Thank you. Thank you. Get it Off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Hit us up now with The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The Breakfast Club. It's a new day. This is your time to get it off your chest. Wake up whether you're mad or blessed, it's Time to get up and get something.


Call Up now. (800) 585-1051. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello? Who's this? Hey, this is Mark from Georgia. Hey, what's up brother? Get it off your chest. Hey, so I got a question I want to pose. I want y'all to pose it. At what age and stage will these black guys feel man enough that they can pull their pants up and stop sagging their pants? You can't Ask him that where I know I keep seeing sagging pants N be still sags to this day. I've been telling 'em pull his pants up for the longest. I want to pinch his butt just to prove a point. But I don't want, I don't want him to charge me with anything. He pinched My butt Show. Come on. I can't take my daughter on the first day of school. Her open house. I'm seeing dudes still sha the pants. What Those are kids though.


Yeah. How I was supposed say how old is you? Do no Adult? These are the fathers adults. Oh, got you, got you. Yeah, I hate it. I don't know why men still do that. Like come on, it's 2024. I'm a supervisor at my job. Guys come up, they, they come up to the job for the interview. They sagging their pants. I don't get it bro. Envy, why do y'all still do that? Hello? Envy? Yes. Why do y'all still do that? Envy? I don't know. Maybe I wanna flirt with Charlamagne. I don't know why I do it. Well, at least you see now we get in somewhere. You hear what he just said? My brother, he's flirting. Those guys flirting, we're cheating. You gotta think about that. How come every time you show when every time you show up, men got their pants down. Something wrong. What? Something wrong with who? The person with the pants down or, or you The the people with the pants down.


They flirting. Stuttering Morgan. They Like Him. Yeah, look because I was confused like something wrong with who? Hello? Who's this? Yo, this this Sean from Georgia. Sean, what's up? Get it off your chest. Hey. Nah. Hey And, I. I just gotta ask you this, this for you Evie? Yes sir. I listen to the show every, every day, okay? And every single day, whether it is your beard, your hair, sha roasted eat every day and you never say nothing about it. I'm just like, is he ever gonna say something back or is this just, is this supposed to happen Or that's not true? He says stuff back all the time. It's, Yeah, he said his beard was filled in this morning. It's called insecurity.


Sir. I don't, I don't take it any problem. Look, this what you gotta understand, Charlamagne is like the dude from school that keeps You know when that dude makes fun of the other other girl or the other boy or the dude hits the other guy, other girl. 'cause he really likes him. That's Charlemagne. I don't know why this is getting bad. As soon as the cameras are, I don't know why I'm the blame here. As soon As the cameras are off, when I walk down the hall, he whistles. When I walk down the hall, he calls me loose booty. When he walks down the hall, he tries to grab my butt. He Hugs you from the back. I've seen that before. He hug Me from the back. So he, This this is the problem with y'all. Y'all focus on the wrong things. Y'all should be asking yourself, how come Envy came in here with one side of his face painted on and the other side not painted on the other day? See how, how am I not supposed to say something about that? It's early morning. You never know. I had to do makeup in 10 seconds today.


So envy, I understand If, you can't get your eyebrows in your beer filled In. You get outta this. Lauren don't. But you admitted If. you said you ran out Beijing, But I And, I don't use Beijing. Well just for men. I could make fun of his height. I could talk about damn man sandals that he always wears. But I prefer not to. One thing I'm a, I'm, I'm a huge billion idiot. I love how you talk over without the light-skinned guy. We don't pay them no attention continues with, hang Up on a second. But the but the other but the other day or was that yesterday there was an episode when Charlemagne was, was saying You know just a few positive things about drinking. And Taylor kept saying, get off your knees, wipe your mouth. And when I heard Charla repeat that same thing yesterday, I was like, oh my goodness, what is happening?


He Flirt. Well the, the reality is we have a guy here named OVO Eli that should tell you all You know OVO Eli is his Instagram name. He really needed to wipe his mouth. I mean it was Eli the glazing he does of Drake is disgusting. He, I mean Bryson too. I put Bryson on my reel for the video I posted saying I was coming back. Yeah. And he hit me and was like, our energies are in sync. I'm like, wait, what? And then he sent me, I'm like, oh, I forgot you was a Bryson fan too. Like how did you feel that I put that song on Instagram? Like how did you feel that Yo Eli got a, his password is dizzy. Izzy? No it's not. So it's not. Yes, it's no way it's, Eli got an answer to that.


That's not true. His mom did not work her life and send him to school for that to be his password. I'm telling you his password. Lauren, We got Jess with the mess coming up. What we talking About? Yes. We about to get into Isha please. There's a lot to break down. She talked about Diddy. She actually talked a lot about her relationship with Diddy. She talked about Diddy's allegations, why she stayed quiet and of course she got into the JT stuff. So Jess with the mess is gonna be sizzling this morning. Alright, that happens in a few. So get it off your chest. It's The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The.


Breakfast. Club. Now Jess is on maternity leave. So we have Lauren LaRosa filling in and let's get to Jess with the mess. Jessica, Robin Moore. Jess don't do no lying. She don't spare nobody Worldwide. Jess worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coach. Lauren. Lauren Osa, And. I talk. Talk to me. Okay. Taylor game. I Love the the like Yeah the the blend in K Taylor Made it. Okay y'all, so last night Isha returned for Isha Please. And it was very long awaited. She has been silence like no nothing on any of the diddy stuff, any of the city girl stuff since we learned that they were actually breaking up.


So the people wanted to hear from her and her and Santana sat down and got right on into it. So let's start with basically how she's doing now. So mentally, woman and them happy woman and them said woman. And I'm feeling like, and then the next minute I'm looking at my kids and I'm like, I ain't bring us this far to go backwards. I work hard. I put in a lot of time and effort in this And I feel like in life you gotta go through, get through shit like us. She said that And I was like wow, that's some real shit. Yeah. And. I feel like in life everybody is going through something, whether it's a divorce, whether it is a death, whether it is they just lost their jobs. Just anything. And that's what keep me going because I know that like life not perfect, we gotta learn from our mistakes.


And life is a lesson. And. I feel like the people that I thought that would be in my corner when I was going through this shit, nobody called me shit. Nobody called me to see how I was doing. Like people was really like a, you thought She's describing grief. Yeah, You know. People think grief is just death. But no, it's just lost. She lost a lot of friendships and that's what she describing A big relationship in her life. And then she's always been very open about still dealing with the fact that You know her, her son's father who was a really good friend of hers, she's still dealing with that as well too on top of all that stuff while raising her kids. So it was a lot. But she got it out and then they go right into the Diddy stuff. They were early on on the T for real. So they get into the Diddy stuff and about like all of the accusations, people Felt like I was Didi big cheerleader.


And I made him my brand. And. I felt like Didi was on brand for me. I got with Didi and rhyme into my life. I had him at the office. I was still doing roulette in the split off. Now let's just put it out there right when Isha was dealing with Diddy a lot of the time because she was going so hard for Deion and the Poppy signs in the audience and he was thinking Cassie on stage. People tried to place this like she was not like basically she didn't know that this this mogul man was taking advantage of the fact that she was the hot girl at that moment. But she spoke a little bit more to that and she had to let people know like I'm, I was still a city girl at the end of the day. I feel like it was beneficial for both of us. I think that like You know I was able to come and be a brand ambassador for De Leonne take it to a whole nother le whole nother level.


'cause I feel like, I won't say nobody wasn't drinking Deion, but nobody wasn't drinking Deion. But I felt like I was an that. I don't know what his intentions was, but when he got me he really saw something in me and that's why he was like, You know what? You got a big personality. Like you should do a podcast. I felt like You know I came into his world. And I was able to like turn everything he had going on up a notch with Revol. I was able to come and make it the number one podcast on vo. And then with him it was like he was able to take my career to the next level. I I did in Met Gala, I got ready vo. I wasn't going into the relationship thinking like I wanna get a purse. I felt like I'm up under a, I wanna learn something. It sounded to me like the relationship was mutually beneficial. She had a sugar daddy and she was providing the sugar Baby.


Yeah, but what, was it a relationship though or was it that she was looking for something right? Because if she said during that interview that she never seen or or had any type of abuse, she's never seen any of that. And everything was perfect and the relationship that they had together was amazing. He was uplifting her and she felt comfortable when he went through the stress and went through the problems. She just left. So it wasn't based.


What you're hearing is hardy fiber cement siding living up to its reputation as the siding that handles hail impact with ease. James Hardy knows how important a reputation is, especially when you're a contractor. That's why Hardee's siding withstand severe weather better than vinyl siding with styles to match its strength. So you can be sure you are providing your clients with the best. Protect your reputation with exterior products by James Hardy,


New from embedded who gets to compete as a woman. This question came up in ugly form at the Paris Olympics, but it's not new. If she runs like a man and talks like a man, is she a man Here About the long history of sex testing women athletes on tested a new series from CBC and NPRs embedded podcast. Listen to all episodes on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


In a world where TikTok didn't exist yet, that's Quila no benign colo. The comedy of a Mexicano Across Borders, the Heart of America and his catch phrase are part of our culture. But Sonoro e Heart's podcast network present I from television debut, listen to as part of podcast network and Applic on iHeartRadio, apple Podcasts or wherever you stream podcasts.


Welcome, welcome Welcome to another exciting episode of the Trap Nerds podcast. This is not an episode is a promo You know what it is. Promo time. We in this piece Trap nerds real you never hurt. Join the Trap Nerds podcast every Monday and listen to us discuss all things inside and out of blurred culture. Culture. The World put Tarantino squashes his beef with Mar and be like I, I got this. See I mean to push shots a road we see I'll be make You know gonna be extra racing with the best movie and TV reviews from a blur perspective, I, I think if voter may hadn't got fired, Kevin Fi would be in trouble right now. Preach we Giving you reliable gaming news and real genuine game reviews. I I'll stand for lightning. Why up does she have three games? Because she a bad dude, I hate you so much. Listen To the Trap Nurse podcast or the Black in effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


If someone asked you to name a queer icon, who would you say? Brittany Christina. That's not who we were thinking about. Try again. Shirley Bassey Tina And again Madonna. Cindy on Whitney Houston. Mariah Carey. No, there's still someone you are missing. Bruce Springsteen. Bruce Springsteen. Bruce Springsteen in particular. Leather Twink. Bruce Springsteen. Just very hand on hip sass fired. Bruce, This is because the bus belongs to us A serious journalistic quest to get Bruce Springsteen recognized as the queer icon. We know that he is, There's so much camp potential with him. On my dating profile, I had something about being a fan of Nebraska era Bruce Springsteen. It's like you squint and everyone can be a bch Listen to because the bus belongs to us on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts Off Love.


It was based off what You know what you Well it it was based off an exchange of sugar. Yep. I I gotta be a sugar Daddy breath sugar breathing really weird this morning. It's making me uncomfortable. But I mean to Envy's point I like, I felt like that's the question. She really did like separate herself when everything happened. But I think that it was one of those things where he would've did the same thing. And I was proud of her for being honest about the fact that she knew like I had to choose myself and it She did talk about the abuse though. Well, question did, so I didn't watch the interview but did Saucy Santana ask her where does her and Diddy's relationship stand and where was she during all of that? Because they might have still been cool behind the scenes. I don't know. Yes and yeah, she said they no longer dating. Yep. She said they're no long. She made very clear, very straight to the point.


She is no longer dating him. And when she talked about the domestic abuse, we're gonna get into that. But before, like even before she got into that conversation, when she talked about that relationship, she said she honestly didn't know how it started out when she met him at the party. She didn't know what, why he fell into her lap. But she was gonna run it up regardless. And then they fell in love and he was really good to her. So it seems like it might've started like on exchange but they started to like each other. But she got kids to feed her whole, everything shut down when this stuff happened to Diddy because he did become a part of her brand. But let's get into the domestic violence stuff because I know people were waiting to hear from her on that as well. I've been through domestic violence into relationships. And I told myself I did the second relationship. I would never put myself in that situation again.


Especially now being that I'm a mom, I'm a mom, I was a mother then. But like how a daughter, like I would never put myself in that position. I don't stand for domestic violence. I'm just not going for that. Also If you a woman like Young Miami clearly is and you in a relationship with a a guy and You know all of these allegations come out and then a video comes out. Do you really expect her to stick around? I wouldn't have been surprised if she did really? And I think a lot of people because what what wouldn't have been surprised if she did, especially because she was silent. Not even because I know her personally. 'cause I don't, or just not like, I'm not throwing this on her character. But just in general I feel like because of who Diddy is, sometimes it blinds people even with, even, Even to that extent Though.


And, and no, because it was and she, they were, they got a point where they were, they got to a point where they were in love and that also blinds the That's my hell out of you. But That's my Yeah, but that's my point. People we also always talk about evolution or evolving and we don't know what did he went through in that 10 years. We don't know if he did the work. We don't know if he did what he had to do to change as a man. But if she fell in love with this nudity that she's never experienced this abuse, never experienced mental abuse and he did nothing but uplift her, then that just tells you the fact that that came out and they're not together. What was that relationship built on? Because you could be in a relationship with somebody Shalam and you're not the same person you are. You know that you were 20 years ago you changed And I know you did a lot of, not to say that you abuse anybody. Boy shut up. Ain't never been on no daily level. Don't even put me in that.


But that's what I'm saying. He said you been saying on born And I didn't color my beard. You ain't erase your past. Damn. Don't do that. No, but I think you gotta think about though, like too, she went through other stuff outside of the, when the allegations and all that hit, right? Like there was a baby that happened. There was a lot that kind of unfolded just in the relationship that she had to just be quiet and swallow because she kept saying we're not together. We're not together. But it was obvious she was so in love with him. But my my point is they only knew each other for a couple of years so she really probably didn't know him. So to see all of that stuff resurface. I wouldn't be surprised if she cut ties. No, I You know what I mean? I don't look at her as a a terrible person 'cause she decided to distance herself from that neither.


She did what she had to do. She got babies to feed. But that Relationship was built off exchange and it wasn't built off, in my opinion. Love. It wasn't built off what a foundation Was. Even if even if it was, even if it was built off love. Sometimes you gotta distance yourself from people. Even If you do love them You know what I mean? Because they're, they're that that you might just not be into what they into are. You might have found something, found something out that you not, you're not comfortable with. Everybody got different standards. I'm not mad at her if she decided to be, but Also too Diddy financially will be okay enough where he'll be able to live. Cool, right? Like, I don't know. We hope so. We hope so. But we're comparing it. Two young Miami icing her career for standing by Diddy versus Diddy and, and him being, it's it is different money levels as well too.


Like she has a lot more to consider. She's new out here in these streets. Diddy has been running around for my whole life. I'm 30 something years old. She has a lot more on the line. But speaking of relationships, she did touch on the situation with JT and City girl split as well Ain't all good and it's not all bad. Like we don't talk every day but it's no beef on my end. I still look at her like as family but it's not like we on the phone, we chatting every day or we checking in like, hey You know she posting my shit. I'm posting her shit. It's not, I won't say we beefing but I, I'm the type of person, like if we feel some type of way we could hash this shit out behind closed doors. You could call my phone, we could text each other. We can cus each other out. But like once it goes to the end that I feel like you trying to get people to pick a side like you putting people in our business to pick a side.


And I don't with that because I feel like we been friends for so long that if we gonna go to the end that we gotta each other dirty laundry. Like I'm gonna have to say some shit about you. You gonna have to say some shit about me and people gonna have to pick a side. It ain't no coming back from that. No. Once my friend go to the internet about me, ain't no coming back at all. It's no coming back from that at all. The biggest thing that I've gotten from all of this man. And then I'm just glad someone finally told the truth about how Dion is nasty. Okay? That's why Dion didn't take off like other te tequilas. That's because it just simply wasn't good. And I understand it was Black owned. It was better than Ciroc though. No. Yes it was. It was not. Sirrah gave you a headache. The sugar went with all the flavors. Not not regular Ciroc though. And I understand Deion was black owned and You know you wanted, we wanted to support it but the support came and not saying it was nasty when we know we didn't like it.


Damn. We was acting bad. It was a city girl Summer. We all loved Reha. She was right though. At least she knew what she brought to the table. She said nobody was drinking. Deion Santana said nobody was Drinking. We had that. We actually had that conversation with Diddy before about Deion. It wasn't good. You remember? Yeah. It's not good. That's why the, that's why the culture is not supporting it. Lauren Had everything you said. That's all he got outta this conversation. I'm literally sitting here like this That let me know finally people being honest And that's Lauren's suggest with the mess. Amen. When we come back we got front page news. Morgan Wood will be joining us. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. I don't even know why I say Amen. The. Breakfast Club.


Your mornings will never be the same Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get in some front page news. What's up Morgan? Good morning y'all. So happy Friday again. Yes, president Biden, he is joining other leaders in calling for a ceasefire and hostage release deal in Gaza. On Thursday, Biden co-signed a statement with the president of Egypt and the leader of Qatar in urging Israel and Hamas to come to a ceasefire agreement. The statement said it's time to bring immediate relief both to the long suffering people in Gaza as well as the long suffering hostages and their families. While the US has hinted that ceasefire talks are in their final stages, some officials have admitted that there are still key details that need to be worked out.


So of course You know. I'll keep you posted on that. I know that's been a big deal in the news. Switching gears, Ohio Senator and Republican vice presidential nominee JD Vance held a rally in Shelby. Shelby Township. Police station. Vance told people at his rally if elected he and former president Donald Trump will deport people who are in the US illegally. He also attacked Minnesota Governor Tim Waltz and Vice President Kamala Harris for their actions. In 2020, after the death of Minneapolis, after the death in Minneapolis of George Floyd, that sparked nationwide protests. Let's hear more from Vance on Harris and Walls. We do not consent to an invasion of this country for millions of people who shouldn't be here.


And we are going to deport people. As he was promoting rioters and looters burning down the city of Minneapolis, Kamala Harris was helping to bail the rioters and looters out of jail. So The gag is a newly released phone recording shows that former President Trump, when he was the president back in 2020 was praising Minnesota Governor Tim Walls for his handling of George Floyd's protest riots broke out in the street of Minneapolis and on May of 20, in May of 2020 after Floyd was killed by police during an attempted arrest. Let's hear more from Trump. That audio from Trump on walls back in 2020. I know Governor Walls is on the phone and and we spoke and I fully agree with the way he handled it the last couple of days.


I asked him to do that. But Tim, it showed the incredible difference between your great state yesterday and the day before compared to the first few days. You know, I know, I know what everyone is trying to do with that phone call, but Trump is praising him for putting the National Guard on protesters. Yeah 'cause He said 'cause didn't Waltz have to apologize after welfare, different things that was happening in Minnesota. Well I think he apologized because he apologized because he put sent the national guard too late. But my point is, I don't think that's anything that somebody should be celebrated for putting the National Guard on protesters. Like that's why Trump was happy. Trump was happy 'cause that's something that he would do. So I understand what everybody's trying to do with that phone call.


And I guess it's working but it You know. It seems kind of strange to me. If you If you think about it a little bit like that's not a call I would put out and say, look, Trump gave him praise. Like nah, he put National Guard on protest. Right? But Va Vance also needs to keep in mind You know what he's saying and make sure the lines with his, his party and his ticket. So of course he went on to accuse Minnesota governor Tim Walls of stolen valor saying he abandoned the National Guard unit just before they were deployed in Iraq. Walls left the National Guard after 24 years of service to run for Congress in 2005. And of course Vance's event was much smaller than that of Democratic presidential nominee.


Kamala Harris and her running mate in Detroit at the Metro Airport. And when it comes to team USA, he's a runner. He's a track star. Noah Lyles has, he is his Paris Olympics is over after a third place finish in the 200 meter race on Thursday. Lyles revealed that he has tested positive for Covid two days prior, but was trying to push through his sickness. Lyles took to social media saying I believe this will be the end of my 2024 Olympics. Adding it is not the Olympics I dreamed of, but it has left me with so much joy in my heart. And the US men's basketball team will play for gold. After surviving a scare in the semifinals against Serbia, the US came back to defeat Serbia 95 to 91 after trailing by as many as 16 points.


And by 11 entering the fourth quarter, Steph Curry led the way with 36 points. Joelle Embiid finished with 19 while LeBron added 16 of his own. The US will now play France in the gold medal games on Saturday. Again, team USA is the first country to cross the century mark for medals. One at the Paris Olympics. We now have 103 a competition leading 30 in gold with China behind at 73. And the host nation, France with 54 Ute is Steph Curry too. Dropping a cruise bombs with Steph Curry. It's been a rough year for beige men. And that was by far the best performance of a beige man all year. I mean The an issue with light-skinned people, he Brought them right back. No, he didn't bring, he didn't bring y'all back. But that was the best performance of No, I mean he brought team USA back.


Oh yeah, yeah. So into light-skinned Brother. That's what I'm saying. It is like, what's the issue with what light-skinned. I just don't like him. Somebody must, oh wow. I, we all get along. That was about to Luther Brown brother Snoop You, know what I'm saying? Tried to highlight light-skinned brother, light-skinned brother turned him down. And ever since then he's just been been Salty. Why does your mind go to gay? God? That should be a T-shirt. That should be a T-shirt. Jesus Christ. Let your mind go to gay. That's wild. They was on Noah though. No, Noah was getting dragged on. What did she say? She Said should be in been in the Olympics. Oh Lord. Damn. What? Gay. Thank you Morgan. Y'all. Y'all back and forth the way y'all go at it. You definitely should.


I mean y'all would win gold. It's like keeping, it's Like sexual attention is weird. Call that pole vaulting. Why would you breathe like that after you said that? What pole? I actually have a badge now. I could call hr. I don't like the way you just breathed. Like why would you do that? It was sorey. Follow me. Takes the gold. Keep in mind. Yes. Okay, so I No, he would not take, take the audio He right behind me. But go ahead. Damn. What? Oh My God. It doesn't, it just doesn't stop. Yeah. So


If, you guys want more on the pole vaulting, keep in mind that iHeart is your exclusive audio partner of NBC's coverage of the 2024 Paris Olympics. So make sure you download the free iHeartRadio app.


I'm gonna go ahead and check out that's your front page news on Morgan Wood. Follow me on socials at Morgan Media and for more news coverage, make sure you're listening to the Black Information network@bnnews.com. And shout out to Leos my hub's birthday is it's tomorrow. Happy birthday. Bye y'all. Peace Morgan. See you later. And he said I'll be behind him. Lord have mercy. He won a brown medal. Leos Be lying. Morgan must got her good one. Why are you gay? Why are you, gee. Alright. Thank you Morgan. Now let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. We're asking should relationships be mutually beneficial? Now this comes from the young Miami Diddy talk when she just had her interview with Saucy Santana. So that's what we're asking again.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Should relationships be mutual? Yes. Less discuss. And they are mutually beneficial. I can't wait to have this conversation Until y'all complain about having a pay rent. The Breakfast Club. Call my phone Man. It's topic time. Call 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Now Jess is on maternity leave and Lauren LaRosa is filling in. Now during the last, just with the mess, we were talking about JT and Diddy's relationship and we asked 805, 8 5 1.


Yeah, car and Diddy. What I said, I said jt, I meant Karisha. My bad. Isha and Diddy's relationships. So we're asking 805, 8 5 1 0 5 1. Should relationships be mutually beneficial? That is the Question absolutely assault with you. Lauren. Yeah, go ahead Lauren. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. And even if it's a one way street and it favors the woman, I'm here for that as well too. Mm. I think that people always love to say like, I'm surprised to hear you say yes Charlamagne, because you have so much issues with women who set standards about what they want, what they require, what they deserve and all of that stuff. But that's 'cause some of y'all be raggy. So the raggy, why Do you keep, when you say raggedy, why do you put me in that money?


You said y'all, I country that is inclusive of me. Clean exclude me. I am the minority. Okay. I Ain't mean country, I'm I'm, I'm just country. But I'm just saying some of them be raggy. So what I hear the raggy women talking about what they should get and You know what the man should be doing for them. It's like you ain't even the type of woman, a man to be tricking on. Where's The words? I'm not, I'll say am I allowed to say the P The P word. You can say ppo. ppo. You can say ppo, but you can't Say if PPO is power. Right. We all agree, right? Yes. You talked about how everything that men do for the most part or whoever, however you identify that for bad chicks, right? No, but it's not always that sometimes you either need men be needing a place to stay or they need some point. So If, you have that much control.


If, you raggedy or not run it up. Si. I'm not mad at You. Listen, relationships. So Why y'all be mad? I don't be mad if they should been been men feel like they should be mutual. But then when it gets to the, the point where you gotta like reciprocate that mutual whatever, it's a issue. Now women ask for too much. Well See that's not a healthy Relationship Right now. See, like you said, if it's a relationship, everything is mutual, right? Because you should be offering support, respect, understanding. We should both be taking care of the relationship. But if it's only one sided, that's not a healthy relationship. It's never just one sided. And that's what I want women to understand. Like the the reason relationships are always mutually beneficial. See we use the term sugar daddy, but what we fail to remember is I can only be a sugar daddy. If you Sugar ain't got no sugar.


These new, they ain't got no sugar, But they do got Sugar. No they don't. Not not ones today, I promise you. So salt, it is not salt, but it's just not like sugar. It's like a sugar free sugar something like I can't describe it but it ain't all there. See That's what I be talking about when I say some women need to have, they be mismanaged in their vagina and they need to look at their vagina as more valuable. Okay? What men do, everything we do is revolving around the sugar. It's revolving around the ppo. We wanna look good 'cause of the ppo, we wanna dress good 'cause of the p ppo, we get haircuts cut of the ppo. Men buy nice things for themselves to look presentable, to attract women, to get ppo. Therefore If you sleeping with a person.


Not Every but, and it's not just men too in 20 you, you, there are other people who do poo, PPO, P pong, I I'm talking about original recipe right now. I ain't got nothing to do with all that original, it's original recipe. Sounds like you play Anita Baker If, you are sleeping with a man. You are giving that man a lot. And if men aren't looking at that as a lot, they're bugging. 'cause guess what? Every time you put your penis into a woman, there's a, a a, a chance that you could cause something to happen that you gonna be with this woman for a long time. Oh my god. Meaning have a baby that just hit me like this year and I'm like, wow, I can't be doing, like, I gotta figure something out. Yes, free time. You sleep with a person. There's consequences to that sleeping with that person. No, I'm just saying like, like I think a lot of times people like you, you, you think about it when you're single, but like people are like, oh, we're having, we're just having fun.


It's like, no, y'all Could, no, that's, that's, but that's what Charlemagne's saying. Things have changed. At one time it was no just having fun and, and if it was, it was very quiet, it was like I'm using my poo PPO as power. That's my power to make sure I keep my man. And in relationships, if it's beneficially the relationship more likely will thrive, more likely will last. But when it's just only one sided, it ain't gonna last. Ah, it it, yeah, it is not gonna last but trigger been going on since the beginning of time. You know what I'm saying? All all, all I'm simply saying is, but this is Not relationship. Can y'all let me know when the new back your tricks are coming out? Because there's plenty tricks. I now baby, they be missing me. Don't let these dudes fool you. They are Tricking. I I yo I was talking to Kodak when I was done in Atlanta. I told him, people get what women who like, seem like they do stuff for themselves.


Brie, you can attest to this. When you do stuff for yourself, it's like the tricks get with you and they wanna mentally support what, what? I need financial support as well. Well, what did I tell you earlier? I said the problem with y'all generation is, and it's, it is the, it's the whole independent independent thing. Y'all out here doing a lot of effing for free And. I'm not saying I'm not, and I'm not saying Money. I'm not independent. I don't even listen to that booy song. No Murder. Please come find me And I. And I'm not saying listen, I'm not saying take money for sex though. But I'm not saying take money for sex. All I'm simply saying is why not? It should be mutually beneficial. But If you, but you're If you're sleeping with the person. That guy should be doing something for you. So How can you, so my whole thing with this Isha conversation is, is like people backhand compliment her and comfort her about how she handled the Diddy situation.


And they were like, oh, she's dumb. She doesn't know. She doesn't, and then she admitted like, no, I was using him too. Right? Yeah. And people are going to have an issue with that. Some are like, well, you use him and now you backed away, like whatever you just said, don't have, don't have money for sex. But then you said it should be mutually beneficial. Yes. Why not just say If, you wanna have money for sex? That's fine. No, I don't want that now because I, but that's what I still wanna feel. You like me a little bit? And, I, And, I. And you don't wanna feel like a prostitute. I'm not gonna come up. You say, Hey, 500 Looking for a man to pay my bills. Lauren just said, I'm looking for a man to pay my bills. Yeah. That's don't nobody want to hear that. Yeah. We don't want to hear that. Be single for the rest of your life. This Is what I'm saying though. That's The case because you, you should be looking for somebody that's gonna love you. F the money, money comes, The money goes. But for me, at the type of woman I am, it, it's not just like exclusive to that.


It's like if you're doing that, I, I'm making like, I gotta make you be, I gotta set you up in a way mentally and physically where you're even walking out into The, World to be able to conquer things. So it's a, it is beneficial. But I feel like when women lead with what they really want, yeah, not even really want, but like what's important to them at the time. Like right now I'm in a phase where yeah, like I want you to be able to pay for some stuff. But if you're doing that, I'm taking care of you too. I don't mind, I New from embedded who gets to compete as a woman. This question came up in ugly form at the Paris Olympics, but it's not new.


If she runs like a man and talks like a man, is she a man? Hear about the long history of sex testing women athletes on tested a new series from CBC and NPRs embedded podcast. Listen to all episodes on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


If someone asked you to name a queer icon. Who would you say? Brittany? Christina. That's not who we were thinking about. Try again. Shirley Bassey, Tina And again, Madonna. S Cindy on Whitney Houston. Mariah Carey. No, there's still someone you are missing. Bruce Springsteen. Bruce Springsteen. Bruce Springsteen In particular. Leather twink. Bruce Springsteen. Just very hand on hip sas. Satisfied Bruce Bus. This is because the bus belongs to us, A serious journalistic quest to get Bruce Springsteen recognized as the queer icon. We know that he is. There's so much camp potential with Him. On my dating profile, I had something about being a fan of Nebraska era Bruce Springsteen. It's like you squint and everyone can be a bch. Listen to because the bus belongs to us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts


From the writer of Amazon Prime's Red, white, and Royal Blue comes a hilarious and demented new audio mystery. Does this murder make me look gay? Marandi is dead Then it's probable. Then whoever killed Vandy is in this very room. Lock her up. Lock her up. You killed your daddy. You don't get anything. Fizzy 9 1 1. What's your Emergency? I'm in the Monroe Estate. And I just caught a murderer. Yes. I'll hold Featuring the star studded talents of Michael Urie. Jonathan Freeman, Douglas Sills, Cheyenne Jackson, Robin De Jesus, Frankie Grande, Sean, Patrick Doyle, Brad, Oscar, Nathan, Lee Graham, Seth Rusky, Leah, Daria, Leia, Solana, and Kate McKinnon as Angela LANs Ferry. Lick 'em. Lick those toes. Ah, Listen To, does this murder make me look gay? As part of the Outspoken network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


In a world where TikTok didn't exist yet, the comedy of a Mexicano across Borders, the Heart of America and his catch rates are part of our culture. But Sonoro er Heart's Cultura podcast that will present I'm Esparza from television debut. Listen to NATO as part of Michael ura podcast Network in the iHeartRadio, apple Podcasts, or wherever you stream podcast.


Welcome, welcome Welcome to another exciting episode of the Trap Nerds podcast. This is now an episode is a promo You. know what it is, promo time. We in this piece, Trap nerds, trap nerd, nerd real like you never Join the Trap Nerds Podcast every Monday and listen to us discuss all things inside and out of blurred culture. The World Point, Tarantino squashes his beef with Marvel and be like, I, oh God. Just see, I mean to push shots of road. We'll see, I'll be down You know, gonna be racing with the best movie and TV reviews from a blurred perspective. I, I think if Bold Male hadn't got fired, Kevin Pie would be in trouble right now. Preach. We giving you reliable gaming news and real genuine game reviews. I'll stand for lightning. Why does she have three games? Because she a bad, I hate you so much. Right? Listen To the Trap Nurse podcast or the Black in effect podcast network network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I can do for myself so I can do for you. I don't mind any of that. It is beneficial, but why do I have to say that? You should Know that. And a man will recognize that. A man will recognize, oh, this young lady is dope. You know she holds me down so I don't have no problem holding her down too. And that's all we can, And thing is just don't pre don't don't present like that. Hey. Correct. Gimme, I want you to pay my bills You. know what I mean? Can you pay, can you buy me a Hot? So don't put my PO box out there right now. No. Okay. Alright. Oh my goodness. I joking. Let's go to the phone lines. Hello, who's this? Hi. Morning Breakfast Club. This is Christina. Hey, good morning, Christina. Hi. So it's funny because my boyfriend listens to this podcast religiously. So, hey, where I Stand on things, Hey, we're not just a podcast ma'am, but we are a podcast, but we're not just a podcast.


Well, a radio show that also is a podcast morning Radio show too. Yes, Yes, yes. Thank you. He, me and him, I've been in a relationship for five years now. I'm waiting to be engaged. But where do you draw the line? When do I wait for marriage? Like I want him to pay for like my, my rent phone bill, stuff like that. That's what I am mutually Where, what? I don't know how to phrase it. Y'all, y'all been together five years. He should be doing that now. Y'all, y'all live together? Yeah. Yep. Thank you. Yes, we live together. It's his house. Where at what state y'all in He make in Orlando, Florida. Common law, marriage. We Make, huh?


Common law. Marriage. Common law. Marriage. Y'all been together five years. Y'all married Common in law. Marriage. Exactly. And we survived Covid together. And I'm just, I feel like more traditional. He's more like, oh no, it should be equal and stuff like that. But I'm more traditional, so I don't know like, Oh, You know what Set up. See Tyler, I know you're gonna listen to this and listen to Charlemagne. The God. Oh, I, I I'm, oh, I'm, I'm sorry, Lauren. Thank you, man. Yeah, I, I I forgot you live in Florida. I just looked it up. There's no common law marriage in Florida. It doesn't Exist. That doesn't matter. Her bills don't care about common law. But this is my point though. It's like when you don't say stuff like that direct, like they should have had that conversation by now. She Said she live with him though, Regardless.


That's even worse. So, I mean, your house and you, so how, what is he Paying? So he's probably taking care of all the bills already. So, so if he's taking care of the bills, she just said, and you got a place to stay, you should pay your own Phone bill. Yeah. That's different. Yeah. Okay. Like she's actually getting, getting, she's, yeah, you gotta, and that is mutually Beneficial. It has to reciprocate. Like you gotta, it It is, she lives With him. But that's to the point where it seems like she wants everything done by him. You pay my bills, you pay my toenails. You pay for my my manicure pedic. I'm just gonna sit back and relax. We gotta come. That's not, that's not what, Gotta come back and talk about it. Red is wrapping this up for she Aggressive when we come back. This is a good conversation. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What's your thoughts? Mr. The? Breakfast Club. Good morning.


If y'all talking about it You know we talking about it. It's topic times. Call 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne Nega. We are The. Breakfast Club. Now Jess is out on maternity leave, so Lauren LaRosa is filling in. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 that this conversation comes from Isha and Saucy Santana. They did an interview and they were talking about her relationship with Diddy. So we're asking should relationships be mutually beneficial? That is the question. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now, what would you tell your daughter Charlamagne about her being in a relationship with a dude, about relationships being mutually beneficial?


Because you talked about managing ppo, but what would you tell your daughter? I tell her, talk to her mom that independent. I don't wanna talk about it. No, we need it from your dad. Sometimes though. Her mama gonna give with a, her mama gonna give with a real game. No, my mom gave, and what's the real game? My mom like gave me all that. But I had a conversation literally yesterday, I had a conversation with my dad and we talked for like a hour and he was saw upfront with me. I was like, woo. It made me check myself. He was like, You know you don't have nobody like helping you right now. I know you're sexually dealing with people and also I know I know you, so I know what you're bringing to anybody that's in your life. Like you don't got nobody, you could pick up the phone and call You know. We were having a conversation about like just different things that I'm trying to do right now. And I was like, not really that is, but that, and he was like, you're daddy, right? And he And I was like, not really nobody I'm taking serious.


And he was like, but what do you mean not taking serious? You're almost 34 years old. That's The real game. And that's what I would tell my daughter's. And that's why I keep saying about the sugar daddy sugar thing. We forget about the sugar. Men are doing all of these different things because of what you are providing that man sexually. That's what men want. Men want sex. So yes, you, you're a good woman and they love you for being a good woman. But let's not act like you giving up that PPO isn't a major thing. Okay? That's true. So, so I would tell, I I would tell any woman in my life, my daughters and everything, just know what you're giving. That man is a lot. So that man should be giving you a lot in return. Regardless of that lot is superficial things, regardless of whether that lot is mental things, spiritual things, emotional things.


You're giving up a lot. So that man should give up a lot. Don't let them start reverse Calendar. You shouldn't to change your own own tie on. That's what he mean. You shouldn't have to change your own flat tie. But let's go to the phone line. So, hello, who's this? This Lashaw the calling from Newark. Hey from Newark. What's your thoughts, mama? So I basically feel like a relationship should be beneficial because you have to grow together. You have to build together. And it's like You know, know what's the point of being together? If, you guys are not benefiting off of each other in the relationship. I agree. Especially because of y'all giving up, giving up all that ppo Tom, energy, everything. Yeah, that's just a fancy word to say. Your body, you letting this sweat on You.


Why do you keep lecturing me? Oh my god, This man can get you pregnant. Y'all understand that? Hello? Do we understand what sex is anymore? Hello? Yes. What's your name sir? This is Blake from Virginia. What's up? What's up brother? Breakfast club family Charlie, man of God, man. What's up man? Peace King. How you, what's up Blake? Talk to us. What's your thoughts? Hey man. Read all your books man. I'm excited to Thank you sir. Get on through, man. Peripheral. Thank you sir. How can we, well we're we're, we're here to ask you a question. Do you think relationships are mutually beneficial? That's the question. Right? Should be mutual. Should be mutually beneficial. Yeah. Yeah, they should be. But it's very tough today. You know, comparison is to people of joy and we live in this era where You know social media is the head honcho.


It's hard for a lot of fellows to leave with their wallet when they in this like city girl era, You know it's a real tough, See he said the city girl, are you see how much they get for that? Oh, am I allowed to say that? No, no. You allowed curse. Lauren. I, you see how much stuff they get for, am I wrong Lauren? Huh? Yeah. If. you are Is she, is he wrong? You are not wrong. But I'm just saying the the, that literally is the reason why this, that became the topic because they get dragged for making it a certain level of like, here's what I can do for myself. So you gotta treat me a certain way. And to his point, there are women who may not be there. So they're expecting a little bit more than You know. Maybe they should, I don't know, I don't wanna speak for anybody else. But why is it a, why is the city girl era a bad thing?


If all that means is, well, The city girl era. You just said that wrong. I thought the city girl era was was women taking money and making dudes spending money on them. That's what I thought the city girl Was. If we're, if we're saying, this is my point to y'all, y'all are, y'all are saying one thing and then saying another and want them to be the same and it can't If. you guys are saying you should value your body who you're giving it to. That's right. As a good woman, you should pour into someone because the city girls, right? Both the men that they were dealing with, they're, they're pouring back into those men. You know the Reality of the situation. Y'all can say whatever y'all want. The city girls understand they value more than most women do because the reality of the situation is the city girls know what they bringing to the table. They know that we gonna be popping this boom p on this guy and we gonna be letting this guy sweat on us.


And being that we're giving him so much of ourselves, then he need to be giving us a lot too. That is my point, right? So my point why is a city girl era a bad thing? If, if women articulated the right way, Would you want your son to leave with his wallet with every woman? I wouldn't want my son to leave with, with his wallet with every woman. But If, you have a woman If, you, If you are beginning to date. You gotta, you gotta know what comes with that. The same way that if a woman is dating you, I want the woman who dates my son to know how to take care of home and, and You know, Listen, If, you can't be used. You're useless. You just don't let people misuse you. And I think what we're all saying here is we don't want relationships to be transactional, but the reality is they are.


Because when you're laying down with a person and you and that person decide to have a physical relationship, y'all are giving so much of, of each other in that moment that you are going to expect something from the other person. I don't know what that's, that's something that It's not always the money either. That's right, that's right, that's right. Like a lot of us that can do for ourselves, we not coming in like with a a well, I know I'm, me and my friends, we don't, we not coming in with a salary requirement. But it's very obvious that like there's there You know, there's a song like If. you not trying to boss her up, leave her alone. Like leave me alone If. you can, you just Want some type of support. It's a never ending story, y'all. It's a never ending discussion. P PPO Last forever. Sister The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning Robin Moore.


Just don't do no lying. Don't do, she don't spare nobody worldwide. Worldwide. On The. Breakfast Club. She the coaches. Lauren, Lauren Osa, And, I talk to me. So this is breaking right now. It it appeared in on an outlet, a Paris space outlet. And then the New York Post picked it up. Travis Scott was arrested in Paris after fighting with his bodyguard. This is according bodyguard according to French, French authorities. So I guess he went out last night. We all saw him courtside at the game having a good time yesterday.


He reportedly was a little bit too, Smith was a little bit too drunk and got into it with his bodyguard and had to be taken into custody by police. I, from what I'm being, like what I'm reading here on the New York post there, the security guard attempted who attempted to break up the two men at like a five star hotel. So I guess he was getting into it with somebody else. It's who Then Travis turned around and got into it with there's, I don't know, there's an investigation happening right now. Like this is all unfolding right now at this moment. And you guys remember that Travis Scott actually had got arrested a while back in Miami and when that happened, people were like, the charges were dropped.


So people were trying to figure out like, was this a real thing or not? But then yesterday the body cam from that surface. So let's take a listen to the body cam. You told me you had nothing left on the boat 'cause it's 50 cops, bro. It's 13 of y'all. You know you had nothing left on the boat because it's 13. I didn't, I didn't know if I had nothing, you didn't gimme no chance. I tried to turn around and check. You told me do not go in that boat or you gonna lock me up. You said if I stopped walking, you was gonna lock me up. Did you knock? You said if I didn't stop walking, if I stop walking. Oh, Travis Talking. Yeah, that was Travis. So what you hear is basically like he's going back and forth with the police. He's obviously You know had a few drinks in the video and they, they just put him in handcuffs after a while because he just keeps going back and forth with the police.


But what he was saying in that video is originally when he went to the boat, they asked him, do you have anything else on this boat? He said no. They said, okay, you have to leave. He came back. So then they put him in cuffs and he was saying that the only reason why he answered no in the beginning because it was so many police officers that he was scared. So whatever, I understand that. But to correct the report in Paris, there was a security guard at the hotel trying to break up Travis and his security guard. Oh, because I was about to say, when you said that him and the security guard was getting into it, I was, I was thinking in my mind, if I'm a Travis, a security guard and he gets into it with me, don't I gotta beat his ass to let him know I'm worth the money? Well no, you can't do that. No, You can't beat your I need show him him what I can do. It's his bodyguard. So more than likely, according to the reports You know, they're saying that he was a little bit drunk.


Maybe the bodyguard was trying to tell him like, yo time, don't go to the room, wrap it up. We don't need no You. know what I mean? And he wasn't trying to hear that. And then a security guard came along and tried to break it up and it got crazy from there. And the police were called. So yeah, one too many nights, if The clients lapsed the security of something, the security had every right to beat the client's ass though. What? Why? No, Because if I'm declining And, I get, I can get away with slapping my security now I think my security's off. But then you can never have a job again. If, you slap me back. Nah, that's not true. Who? I don't, I don't know what's in the contract, but You know. I just feel like if I'm the security, I gotta show you The minute Travis Scott back on that security guard, we gonna be talking about a lawsuit in here. I'm just saying, I just need to let You know I'm worth every penny. You can't work for me again. No. Okay, So moving on.


Kai Sinat the other day. Remember he went live and said that Kamala Harris' team called him. We got that clip. I got the, I dunno, nothing, I dunno what the am I supposed to talk about on street about politics, bro, I don't know my to this Girl. Well baby, listen, there has been an update. So according to a source close, nobody from Kamala Harris team officially reached out to Kai Sanat. What the report is, is saying is that there was someone who reached out to him involving him being involved in A DNC in some way, but it was a third party situation, third party company.


It was not the official Harris team at all. That's A fact. I I I that I spoke to the Harris team yesterday actually. And they, they, they confirmed that it was a third party organization with informal ties to the convention. Yeah. And and they're also saying that they did that the, the conversation with Kai actually started prior to Biden dropping out of the race as well. That's another thing that they're saying. So we haven't heard from Kai yet, but whoever the be the, the shorty is that hit him up. She still need to be fired. She need to stop being a third party. Why? Because She's making the team look bad. Because I tell you some, listen, no, I'll tell you.


I well they don't like it. They didn't appreciate the person doing. They didn't it. You sat in here. No. Yeah, he put it out there. And honestly there's A lot of third party organizations that have been reaching out to a lot of artists, right? Informally for the vice president. And I had a artist reach out to me this week and said that her campaign is moving with no decorum, but it's not even her campaign making those calls. It's not even her campaign doing that. And listen, the vice president, we You know Kamala Harris, she al she always ha has the reputation of of looking inauthentic, right? So these are the mo these are the moves that make people say, oh, she's pandering, but it's not even her team making these moves. You understand that? The Thing is, if she is asking if she's making those, if people are making those calls to inquire, that shouldn't be a problem.


But the problem is when these kas And I putting out there, we would've never known If. You not listen to what I'm saying. Third party organization with informal ties to the convention, they don't have anything understand to do with her campaign. Underst they don't have nothing to do with her team. Yeah, but at, but somebody somewhere, there's a channel not crossing because even if not If, you can reach out and say you're representing anything close to her. There should have been some conversations had before you reached out. Right? Like somebody had to know something. But that's not, that's not who, that's not that the, the person who reached out, that's not their fault. They need to stop doing that 'cause she's making it. It comes back to the campaign and make the campaign look bad. Then you got somebody like Kai get on his scream and balk on the campaign and then I come on the radio and bark on the campaign and the campaign has nothing to do with it.


Yeah. Now you done got that girl fight. Somebody's but somebody's lying. Kais And I says Secret Service called Kyle And. I didn't say a third person called Don't know says Secret Service. Don't know no better. Come on man. He the young man don't know no better You know Secret Service. Secret Service pulled up to the U-Haul to check it. He He don't know who calling. Okay, get it. Come on. The young man don't know no better. Tim Walls called. Yeah. Nowadays it could be with the power of ai. Yo, we got time for anything else, right? No. Okay. No. Mm. Alright, well that's just with the mess. Thank you Lauren. Of Course. Charlemagne, who you giving that donkey to? You know there's a CNN correspondent named Tom Foreman who needs to come to the front of the congregation. We'd like to have a word with him this morning.


Alright, we'll get to that next. So don't move us to Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same. America. America has a problem. Bill works for wages been overturned, they taken black jobs. The Supreme Court has issued a ruling on the extent of presidential immunity from criminal prosecution. Justice. Shocking body camera video released today shows the deadly police Shooting. It feels like my country doesn't suffer me. Charlemagne, Now is not the time to sit this one out. It's time for Don Give the Day. America Is a big reality TV show On The, Breakfast. Club. Would you rather have the black president or a white president have a problem figuring out when you're Premier Trump and you ain't black, it's enough.


America Has a problem. Drop on a cruise bump for Taylor. Made it. You Ms. Taylor. Just be in there high, just producing her little off She be in there making it. She Be in there. High off edibles just creating. Go ahead Taylor Donkey. Today for Friday, August 9th goes the CNN correspondent Tom Foreman. Now I'm a person that wants to keep the main thing, the main thing I don't like when folks try to distract me, make me lose focus of what the actual issue is. So it really grinds my gears when I'm watching cable news. And I see situations like CNN correspondent Tom Foreman, now governor of Minnesota, Tim Waltz, who's now Kamala Harris' running mate, has been getting a lot of smokes the last couple of days. His political and military record are under scrutiny.


And Senator JD Vance accused him of misleading the country about his veteran status because of some comments he made about why weapons of war should not be allowed on the street. Let's listen to what Tim Walls had to say about that. Hope woke up like many of you did five weeks ago. And Dad said, dad, you're the only person I know who's in elected office. You need to stop what's happening with this. I'll take my kick in the butt for the NRAI spent 25 years in the Army, And I Hunt, And I gave the money back. And I'll tell you what I have been doing. I've been voting for common sense legislation that protects the Second Amendment. But we can do background checks. We can do CDC research, we can make sure we don't have reciprocal carry among states, and we can make sure that those weapons of war that I carried in war is the only place where those weapons are at.


Sounds logical to me. I mean, we shouldn't allow weapons that are used in war to be on America's streets. To be in the hands of You know civilians sounds very logical. We don't want weapons of war on America's streets in the hands of civilian sounds like common sense to me. But like I said earlier, JD Van said, Tim Walls misled the country about his veteran status. Let's listen to what's JD Vz had to say. He has not spent a day in a combat zone. What bothers me about Tim Waltz is the stolen valor garbage. Do not pretend to be something that you're not Round of applause at JD Vance. Round of applause. MAGA Republicans are the best at distractions. They're the best at deflecting and news networks, for whatever reason, eat outta the palm of their hands because CNN corresponded Tom Foreman decided to fact check what Tim Waltz said.


Let's listen. Waltz did make a comment speaking to a group. He's done it a couple of times where he has used language that has suggested that he carried weapons in a fighting situation. As You know, with your contact with the military, I know from coming from a military family, there is a difference between being in a combat area, being involved at a time of war, and actually being in a position where people are shooting at you. There is no evidence that at any time Governor Waltz was in a position of being shot at and some of his language could easily be seen to suggest that he was so that is absolutely false. When he said that about, about gun rights out There, CNN correspondent to Foreman said, there is no evidence Tim wa carried weapons in combat.


Same thing JD Vance brought to the forefront. Now that is a a point of political debate on a lot of these cable news networks. This is Leonard McKelvy, Charlamagne to God talking. I have one statement to make about all of this. Who gives


New from embedded? Who gets to compete as a woman? This question came up in ugly form at the Paris Olympics, but it's not new. If she runs like a man and talks like a man, is she a man? Hear about the long history of sex testing women athletes on tested a new series from CBC and NPRs embedded podcast. Listen to all episodes on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


From the writer of Amazon Prime's Red, white, and Royal Blue comes a hilarious and demented new audio mystery. Does this murder make me look gay? Master Vandy is dead. Then it's probable that whoever killed Vandy is in this very room. Lock her up. Lock her up. You killed your daddy. You don't get anything. Fizzy 9 1 1. What's your emergency? I'm in the Monroe Estate. And I just caught a murderer. Yes, I'll hold Featuring the star studded talents of Michael Urie. Jonathan Freeman, Douglas Sills, Cheyenne Jackson, Robin De Jesus, Frankie Grande, Sean, Patrick Doyle, Brad, Oscar, Nathan, Lee Graham, Seth Rusky, Leah, Daria, Leia, Solana and Kate McKinnon as Angela LANs Ferry. Lick them. Lick those toes. Listen to, does this murder make me look gay? As part of the outspoken network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


In a world where TikTok didn't exist yet, the comedy of Across borders, the Heart of America, the Latinos and his catch phrases are part of our culture. But Sonoro er Hearts, URA Podcast Network present nato. I'm Philippe Esparza from his television debut. Listen to NATO as part of Michael Cultura podcast Network in the Applic iHeart Radio, apple podcast, or wherever you stream podcasts.


Welcome, welcome Welcome to another exciting episode of the Trap Nerds podcast. This is not an episode is a promo You. know what it is. Promo time. We in this piece trap nerds, trap nerd nerds real like you never hurt. Join the Trap Nerds podcast every Monday and listen to us discuss all things inside and out of blurred culture. Culture. The, World Point. Tarantino squashes his beef with Marvel and be like, I, oh God. Just see, I mean to push shots of road. We'll see, I'll be down. Make You know. Gonna be extra racing with the best movie and TV reviews from a blur perspective. I, I think if Bold Mail hadn't got fired, Kevin Fi would be in trouble right now. Preach. We giving you reliable gaming news and real genuine game reviews. I, I'll stand for lightning. Why up does she have three games? Because she a bad dude, I hate you so much. Right? Listen to the Trap Nurse podcast or the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


If someone asked you to name a queer icon, who would you say? Brittany Christina. That's not who we were thinking about. Try again. Shirley Bassey, Tina And again, Madonna. Cindy on Whitney Houston. Mariah Carey. No, there's still someone you are missing. Bruce Springsteen. Bruce Springsteen. Bruce Springsteen in particular. Leather twink. Bruce Springsteen. Just very hand on hip. Satisfied. Bruce, This is because the bus belongs to us A serious journalistic quest to get Bruce Springsteen recognized as the queer icon. We know that he is. There's So much camp potential with Him. On my dating profile, I had something about being a fan of Nebraska era Bruce Springsteen. It's like you squint and everyone can be a bch. Listen to because the boss belongs to us on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


F Okay. I don't care if Tim Walls did or did not carry weapons of war in combat. You know what I care about. I care about what Tim Walls was actually bringing to the forefront. And that is military style Assault. Weapons should not be in the hands of civilians. Military style assault weapons are designed for maximum kills and combat situations. Okay? Military style assault weapons have the ability to fire rapidly and with high accuracy, it makes them beyond dangerous for civilians to have. Okay? Dudes is pulling up with choppers laying down 15, 20 people at concerts. Churches. I don't think there's been a setting in America that hasn't experienced a mass shooting at this point. Okay? Military style assault weapons are the reason we have so many frequent mass shootings. Okay? Assault weapons are designed for military use.


The primary goal is to neutralize the enemy. They're not necessary for self-defense or hunting or any other civilian activity. But Republicans don't want to have that conversation because having that conversation means that they have to come up with some type of common sense gun reform. But that's not gonna happen because the gun lobbyists like the NRA, are in the pockets of most of these politicians. Why CNN are you not talking about that issue? That's the issue. Okay. Fact check Tim Walls fine. Now after you fact check them, let's make the main thing the main thing. Let's send it a conversation around why weapons of war should not be in the hands of civilians. This is why I applaud Mag Republicans. The way they can deflect and avoid talking about what we need to be talking about to make cable news, talk about what they want to talk about is incredible.


Okay? And we fall for it every time. I just spoke about this on the Daily show. This week. News Networks. Y'all control the headlines. Y'all control what the points of debates are. You make the stories. Could we please stay focused? Whoever controls the media, controls the minds and controls the narrative. So when it comes to the selection, let's make sure the right conversations are being centered. Please give CNN correspondent Tom Foreman the biggest chaw I used to be like that when confronted about certain things in my life. You would Deflect. Woo, The best. Have you thinking it's you. You still do that? Hey, hey. Can you call me raggedy earlier? Didn't gonna tell me I did not.


Yes you did. Didn't gonna say I'm just country. No, I understand grammar. No. And when you say y'all, it's inclusive. No, I was About to lie. Go ahead. Lie I I gotta take my vitamins. You're running your blood pressure up over there trying to lie. I don't take my statin until 6:00 PM Envy. Where You at? Thank you for that donkey today. Now when we come back, what we jumping into guys? Oh, it's Friday. So You know what that means. It is freaking, freaking freaking. Friday. Friday. Oh Lord. Mac where you at? Mac had a good freaky topic. Where Mack big ass at man. Hit the wobble. The wobble.


Ooh, Mac. Where? Mac at Mac in the bathroom. Mac had a good freaky, freaky Friday topic. 'cause You know yesterday was, I ain't never seen Mac Walk that fast. Yesterday was, yesterday was female. What? International Female Orgasm Day, right? Yes. August 8th. Okay. I don't know if that's a real day, but they was in them comments going crazy over it. Okay. Because it was a lot of women saying that like, you can have good sex and not have a orgasm. But charlamagne over here, he said he don't believe everything. Come to me. I ain't say nothing. Nothing. 'cause you're the one that said it. I did not, we was sitting right here. And that ain't gonna be one of em times where you, you say some Bs off air and on there you lie. I'm telling. So Charla telling you Char as a, as a woman had, did you have good sex before you had it Wherever Orgasm.


What Was we talking about Max? I you asking him as A woman? Yes, I Did. We were saying that they you can have great sex and not orgasm. Oh yeah. I said they lying and he don't believe that. And I'm saying this, putting women There. Question, what are We asking? Can you have good sex without orga have no orgasms? Wet have no orgasm. And Charlamagne answered as in I said they lying. Yeah, he knows You know. I just said they lying. That was the time I said they lying. Let's, y'all do be lying. Let's Do it. When we come back eight Oh, Drink's a weird time to take a sip of something without happening. Something to drink. You got real parts real quick. Just now. He only hot for so long. Freaky Friday. God The Breakfast Club Freaky five freaky.


It's freaky. Call in now. (800) 585-1051. Hey, we wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's djj. NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast. Club Jess. Hilarious is out on maternity leave. So Lauren LaRosa is filling in now. If, you just joining us. We're asking eight. Hold. Hold On now. You missed it. Come on now. Oh my bad. It's Friday. So You know what that Means. It is freaky, freaky, freaky Friday. What did These say? Yes. And the freaky, freaky, freaky Friday question is, can you have good sex without having an orgasm? That is the Question. Now this topic came now Mac and Y Charlemagne was having some strange conversation.


I don't know why. No. Yesterday was Na, yesterday was International Female Orgasm Day. This is true. This is a actual holiday. Thursday, August 8th with International Female Orgasm Day. There's even little cute things they was putting on social media that said Happy Female Orgasm. Mm. Okay, so let's start with Lauren. What do you think, Lauren? I knew It was coming to me first. Lauren. I mean, it is Happy female orgasm date. I think As a woman I could answer If. you want me to? We know you can because you've experienced the best of orgasms from men. Right? So we were just talking about this in the room and at first I was like, no, that don't make sense. And then I felt like the, the only reason you would feel like that is because you don't know what you don't know. Until You know. Ooh, I like that And I understand exactly what you said.


Did I ate that up? You ate that. I Ate that up. My niece would be proud. My niece would've been here like four plus four. I understood exactly what you Meant. Yes. Like I just think like Earl like when you, you just don't know until You know. Yeah. You think it's good until you, You think it's good. And then, yeah, And I recently had a, a person like that was like from my past, like we had a conversation and he said it to me and it made me think. He was like, it's no way we were having good sex. And I was like, oh, I thought it was great. And he was like, I just could tell you. Like, I didn't even know how to like where I'm at now and how I can please a woman now. I wasn't even, I couldn't even understand that. Then I'm like, wow, didn't even I get it. Yeah. So to answer your question, I think you can, No, you cannot have good sex without having orgasms. I don't know you as a man or just talking about just in general, men Don't count y'all, y'all finish is different.


I, I don't feel as a man, I don't feel like I'm doing my thing if I don't make my woman orgasm. Like I, and until to your guys point, when you young, you don't know what you don't know as you just said. Right. You don't know what you don't know until You know. So it was like, there was plenty of times when I was young having sex and didn't know thought I was doing something until you realize you weren't You know because you, you gotta finish. That's just it. You gotta complete that. That's, I feel the same when I think I, I even wrote this in the book when I was first. Oh, you Wrote this in the book. I thought, tell you what I'm like, dang. It's personal for Him. You want me to tell you what page you wrote on? I mean, I was, I was similar to what you just said at first. I didn't know. And then You know once you understand and you, you learn your, your your partner.


I learned my wife. Then you are able to make that her orgasm. So yeah, at first I had no idea what I was doing. I was a young man. My wife was my first, so we didn't know what the hell, I didn't know what the hell I was doing. But then when you realize a woman's body and you You know now, like you said to me, making my wife orgasm is, is not only pleasuring her, it makes me happy. It pleasures me as well. This is a great time to promote the book. Hold on. Real life, real love, life lessons on joy, pain and the magic that holds us together. The chapter is faking it in a real relationship. You see how I've just plugged your book for you? That's Right. Thank you so much. And the new book is Coming out in that portion of the book Real Family that's coming out next year as well where we talk about raising our six kids and the fact that You know one is just graduated from NYU one's in college and how we raise kids at different light ages of our life.


So that'll be coming out next year as well. Thank you So much me. Well don't let them down. You in here and because once you got it right, you didn you kept going. You, you got it right. Oh, they Don't doubt me. Okay. Don't Ain. Get to You down. Let me what they call Why he wrote about it in the book. Why is that Downing Jesus Christ. Lemme tell You what page you wrote it on. I'm promoting my guide. Wait. Okay. Footnotes like relax. Footnotes. Footnotes. Charlemagne has it as a saver. He saves it right on his laptop. He do right to it all the time. I really, I Believe you. I do. Let's go to the phone lines. Hello, who's This? This is Maddie. Hey Maddie. What's your thoughts? I think that women can have great sex without an orgasm.


Oh God. Spoken like a woman who ain't getting her full potential. Come on Shala, man. I have been through my full potential. Does a orgasm may sense? Great. Yes. But can you have good sex without one? Yes you can. That when do you even know when to stop? If. you don't have an orgasm. You just be tired. And when the man is tired, You Know what I'm saying? There's one run long run on Sentence. But she must love you the per you, the person you with right now. Are you like in love with them? I Can say no. Not in love with them, but I like them a lot. Yeah, you, you must because when you like somebody, like somebody, they cannot know how to do nothing. If you like, oh guy baby, where you at? Come over here. Right, right.


Come on. They be nibbling on it and don't even know what to do. You be you must. Yeah, you like him. Go on sis. Right. And and two, sex is a mutual thing. So for me, I know when I'm finished, if I don't orgasm, if my partner is pleased and they have experienced pleasure, then I know I'm done. 'cause I did my job. See, this goes back to what we was talking about last hour. Things gotta be mutually beneficial. I don't feel that way You. know what I'm saying? If I get one and you don't get one, I feel like the job ain't finished. What Kobe said when he was job ain't done. Job ain't done finished job not done ain't done. Alright, well we're taking your calls. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. It's Friday. So You know what that means. It's freaky, freaky, freaky Friday.


And the question is, can you have good sex without having an orgasm? Call us up right now. Is The Breakfast? Club? Good morning. It's freaky Friday. Hey look, where am I Freaks at? Call in now. (800) 585-1051. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's djj. nv. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is on maternity leave. So Lauren Laro is filling in and it's Friday. So You know what that means. It's Freaky, freaky freaky Friday. Yes. And the freaky, freaky, freaky Friday question comes from Charlemagne and Mac. They were having conversations about orgasms yesterday Was international female orgasm day envy.


Okay. No, We, you guys were having a great conversation. So we're asking can you have good sex without reaching an orgasm? That is is the question. Let's go to the phone lines And this for women We know. Hello. Who's this? Hi, this is Reese. What's happening Reese? Hey. Hey Reese. Hi guys. I'm so excited. We happy to have you. Hey, Reese. Oh, thank you. Can you have good sex without reaching an orgasm? No. Hey, there you go Reese. Finally keep it real. The point all people lying on this radio this morning. Right. Anybody who says that they had good sex without having an orgasm is a liar. A bald faced liar. That's right. It's like going to work and not getting a paycheck. Oh, That's right.


Yes. Jesus. Yes. And in my younger, younger years, there was never a time that I had sex that I didn't finish. And, I would, my friends would be in denial. Like completely in awe because there were a lot of women who don't And I didn't know that And I started having sex late. I didn't have sex until I was 18. I think that's late And. I finished my first time and people were asking like, oh no, it turns over. Like you feel this and you feel the pulse station and all that stuff. I was like, yeah, That's real. You said you finished your your first. So with your first, when you lost your virginity, you Yes girl.


You are no limit soldier. How did you do that? I said in, in my younger years. And it would be fast. Like I would always, it didn't take much like in my younger years, I could sit in the chair and think about it and release. Did You know your body beforehand? Did you grow up like reading Judy Bloom books? You know what I mean? So You know, like Genie And I read Judy Bloom. You, you read Dini You know about masturbation. She Was watching BT Uncut. That is real on your first No, I wasn't. No I wasn't. I used to like dry hump You know You, You, you hiding. Go get it. Pillow. Okay, so you pregame. Yeah, I get it. Yeah. So I used to finish doing that.


I get it. So she, she knew her body. She knew what she liked. So by the time you was actually sexually active, you knew what you were looking for. Hello? Who's this? Hello? Hey Victoria. Hey Victoria. The question is, can you have great sex without reaching an orgasm? Charlemagne is right. You cannot have great sex. You can have good sex without reaching an orgasm. And, I think the women who say like, oh, you can have great sex just because they never had a orgasm through sex before. Because I had a friend like that. She never had a orgasm sex. She wasn't like no shy girl. And then when she finally did, she was like, oh, like You see what you've been missing. It's not great. It's just good sex. You see what you've been missing.


Thank you Mama You. know what it's making me think about crab cracks. Like the thing about the crab cracks, right? The crab crack is like a very great social thing to do. It's like you and your homies and y'all got all the crabs and y'all laughing. Oh, you sitting and crabs and y'all talking. Okay, I didn't know. And y'all You know drinking, smoking, having a good time. And as you working your way through that crab right, you pick up that crab leg and you crack that crab leg and you're breaking it open. Yeah. Imagine if no meat was in the crab leg. Oh, I'd be pissed. Exactly. My grandma gonna take it back to the store and tell them Y'all owe us some more crabs. But think about the great time you was having before you opened that crab leg. Yeah. You see what I'm saying? That's what, no, not getting the orga. Wow. I don't know how you put it together, but thank you. All right. Well what's the moral of the Story? Life is like a crab crack.


Always make sure there's some meat. I bet some meat Involved. He always wants some meat. Yeah, you that. That's perfect For him. Some meat he ate. Definitely did. All right, We got just what the best one though. NB said you ate. Definitely did. He definitely ate that one. Alright, when we come back past the s Nala will be joining us. So don't go anywhere. You Know. So crazy. I started to say always make sure there's a meat deed. Life is like a crab crack. Always make sure there's a meat deed. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJNV Jess. Hilarious.


Charlamagne, the guy We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is filling in while Jess is on maternity leave. And let's get to pass the augs


New from embedded. Who gets to compete as a woman? This question came up in ugly form at the Paris Olympics, but it's not new. If she runs like a man and talks like a man, is she a man? Hear about the long history of sex testing women athletes on tested a new series from CBC and NPRs embedded podcast. Listen to all episodes on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome, welcome Welcome to another exciting episode of the Trap Nerds podcast. This is not an episode, It's a promo You. know what it is. Promo time. We in this piece Trap nerds, trap nerd nerds real like you never heard. Join the Trap Nerds podcast every Monday and listen to us discuss all things inside and out of blurred culture. The World Point. Tarantino squashes his beef with Marvel and be like, I oh God, this. See, I mean to push shots the road. We'll see, I'll be down You know, gonna be extra racing with the best movie and TV reviews from a blurb perspective. I, I think if Bo May hadn't got fired, Kevin Fi would be in trouble right now. Freak we giving you Reliable gaming news and real genuine game reviews. I'll stand for lightning. Why up does she have three games? Because she a bad dude, I hate you so much. Right? Listen to the Trap Nurse podcast or the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


If someone asked you to name a queer icon, who would you say? Brittany. Christina. That's not who we were thinking about. Try again. Shirley Bassey, Tina And again, Madonna. S Cindy on Whitney Houston. Mariah Carey. No, there's still someone you are missing. Bruce Springsteen. Bruce Springsteen. Bruce Springsteen in particular leather T Twink. Bruce Springsteen. Just very hand on hip. Satisfied. Bruce, This is because the bus belongs to us. A serious journalistic quest to get Bruce Springsteen recognized as the queer icon. We know that he is. There's so much camp potential with him. On my dating profile. I had something about being a fan of Nebraska era Bruce Springsteen. It's like you squint and everyone can be a bch. Listen to because the boss belongs to us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


In a world where TikTok didn't exist yet, that the comedy of across borders, the Heart of America, Latinos, and his catch phrase are part of our culture. But Sonoro Sura podcast Network present. I'm Philippe Spar from his television debut.


Listen to NATO as part of Michael Cultura podcast Network and La Applic on iHeartRadio, apple Podcasts, or wherever you stream podcasts


From the writer of Amazon Prime's Red, white and Royal Blue comes a hilarious and demented new audio mystery. Does this murder make me look gay? Marandy is dead Then it's probable. Then whoever killed Vandy is in this very room. Lock her up. Lock her up. You killed your daddy. You don't get anything. Fizzy 9 1 1. What's your Emergency? I'm in the Monroe Estate. And I just caught a murderer. Yes. I'll Hold featuring the star studded talents of Michael Urie. Jonathan Freeman, Douglas Sills, Cheyenne Jackson, Robin De Jesus, Frankie Grande, Sean, Patrick Doyle, Brad, Oscar, Nathan, Lee Graham, Seth Ruki, Leah, aria, Leia, Solana and Kate McKinnon as Angela LANs Ferry. Lick them. Lick those toes. Listen to, does this murder make me look gay as part of the Outspoken Network on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Yeah. dj, spin. Spin. Big ny. Yes. What's going on guys? Hey, how are you? What's up Mala? Okay, good. Everybody is good. Happy to hear that. Now let's get into this good music. There's a lot of music that dropped today. Lotto dropped today. Two c dropped today. Lotto was good. Lotto was good. It's, but it is a lot of homework, I guess to say the least. But I wanna start with Larry. June. My favorite record so far off of it was like a Mac. I like Larry June. He dope. What? What? What's, what's the name of the new album? Doing it for me. Doing It for me? Yeah. Lou To Larry. June. We got the same. Oh his. His my middle name is Larry and my daddy's name is Larry. Always respect Larry. So you favor him. I respect Larry. Yes. So you favor him. Respect Larry.


Yeah. Nah, Larry's dope. I love the movement. And I really like that. Like he's just in his own lane. But next Lotto dropped her album. And the first, well really there's another record on there that stood out to me. I think it was called Trophy. But I'm gonna go with, there she go. I feel like it's better for radio. I love this song. You like there go Jasmine's listening to On The Way. Okay. Okay. Yo, That's tough. I, they need to give, they need to love Lato a little bit more like she did. It was no Skips. I've listened to it all the way through. How did you feel? Wow. I like that. That I didn't feel like that, but I like I could tell by your response. I like the way, Okay. And I like to respect for OG hip hop. Her sampling Mike Jones back then. Yeah. Yeah. You. know what I mean? Well Lotto always shows.


Shows respect. Yeah. She, I, out of all the rap girly, like in her class, she's definitely in the top three. She's one of the best. So I have high expectations, but my favorite one so far was Prize Possession. Did you like that one? I like that one too. I like the, the whole thing. I think Touchdown Zel kind of went crazy on the record. Like it was a lot of him. And I wanted more of her. But I, yeah. Anyway, shout out to Lotto Sugar Hunter Iced Tea. And then last but not least, I'm gonna go with Raven Lyne Bird's Eye. She had a listening party yesterday in New York City line wrapped around the block. Which is hard to, I saw that on Your Instagram. Yes. When you not from here and you get that type of love in the city. Where you from? Chicago. Okay.


Yes. But my favorite record on there is called Love Me Not, I Love when people get abandoned dish. You You know what I'm saying? When you get a band event about your man. Yeah, that's what I love. When you get a band and they all sound like the, that that old school energy makes It more Real. Yes. That 1950s, 1960s sock hop energy. I like that. Okay. She has a lot of soul. She got a lot of soul. I like soul. Yeah. So those are my picks for today. 10 outta 10. 10 outta 10 today. We like her. Yeah. I like the Larry Jones. I liked the Lotto You know like the Raven, Raven Linnet, right. Yeah. I liked all of those. And then Larry, Larry June. So make sure you guys tune in. I got all those records and more on my playlist. We got the certified Vibe playlist where we just put all the new music that comes out on.


And then I have my personal playlist you guys can tap into where I, I kind of pick through and pick the best ones. When Is the next Certified Vibe Live show? It's gonna be in September. It's the one year anniversary. We're skipping August. 'cause I'm, I'm doing the thing that I didn't announce yet and then I'll be back in September. Okay. Yeah, I know that's right. Nyla. Thank you. I love your content on your Instagram too. I've been noticing. Thank you. I'm trying to be more in my influencer bag. Girl, you there. Yo, it takes work. You really gotta plot. Think You know aesthetics kind of hit everything, not following Nyla. It's hard for Nyla. 'cause Nyla unlike a lot of people in her generation, you don't live for the grand. I don't. She be at work You know Nyla at Work, Ny being enjoying the Moment. But I will say your content is like very, like when I describe you to people, I'm like, she, she's the ear.


It's very authentic to like what you, what your brand is. Like when you put up that nineties playlist thing, I, I be tapped in. I'd be like, let me see what NLA talking about. No, it's, it don't give like influencer, it gives like Nas you just pulling this up. But thank you. You doing good. I really appreciate that. Yeah, it's hard because like he said, I'm just really living and working. You be at work. So it'd just be like, oh now I gotta like decorate it for you and show you the same thing that I'm already doing. Okay, cool. But we're dancing. Make sure you guys follow me on the Grammy If. you wanna check out this amazing content at Nyla Simone? N-Y-L-A-S-Y-M-O-N-E-E-E. Yep. Alright. Thank you Nala. Thanks. Now when we come back, You know I'm in Shreveport, Louisiana, so it's all about Louisiana this morning.


All right, let's get to it. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club your mornings zone. Never be the same Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess Aria Charlamagne, the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Now Jess is on maternity leave and Lauren LaRosa, she'll be filling in. It's gla. It's great to see you back and have you back up here. Lauren. Happy to be seen. Miss you guys. LL cool B you'll be here for like what, three months? Yeah. How long out together? I think it's until like October. Because She hasn't even had the baby yet. No, No. Yes. Unless something changed in the last 12 Hours. No, my mom gave you some crazy advice. What? My mom was like, I'm a, she said I'm a O ho. You need to the F word. Oh Yeah.


Right. She said that's it. She said that's all you need to do. Why Your mama calling herself a old ho? She just look What Upfront and honest. She just, she's like, she telling her I know what to do. She had to throw the conditions out there first. We've heard that. Yes you, you supposed to have sex cast oil is another one I saw She went and bought the castor oil. Walking is another one. Walking. Yep. Man. Yep. Yep. And, I. Think I think this weekend don't come with A baby want regardless of what, what, what? Wait, what we want or what she wants. The baby gonna come when the baby wants Just in there as a Fact. Ooh, I gotta do that soon, Lord. You Pregnant? No, but I eventually I gotta have a baby. Oh, okay. You said do that soon like you were pregnant.


You about to have your baby tomorrow. No, No. You got any potentials? You got any You? know You know Why you blushing. God Damn that lie that dude told you about knowing how to have sex now got You up. No, no, no. He's not a potential. He knows. He's probably listening You know you are nowhere near a potential damn You. Know that man call you to tell you that stop story to try to get something and you just shut him down. Did you, what'd you tell him when he told you that earlier? Lauren was telling us about how a guy called her that she used to mess with in the past. But now he was saying how he didn't know how to do it back then but he know how to do it now. What'd you tell him when he told you that? Lauren? I said that's cool bro. I mean listen, I thought it was cool when I thought it was hap good when it was there, but like You know Damn how you been cousin?


Damn You are. We like family now. Like reunion this weekend. You trying to pop out. What's up? Jesus Christ. Yeah. I ain't spending that block. Damn. But glad he's doing well though. Happy to see him. But yeah, soon I gotta be married and have a baby. So we'll figure this out when we come back. Alright, when we come back we got the positive notice. The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's D EJ NV Jess Aria, Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is on maternity leave and Lauren LaRosa is filling in And I. Just wanna shout to everybody that's out in Shreveport again, I'm so happy and proud of 50 cent of, of what he's doing out here and the moves that he's creating for this city. I mean, I've never seen anything like this where he just really just turned around a city.


You know he's brought so much money. And I, millions and millions of dollars to, to this city and it's just, seeing it firsthand is just amazing. I think he's doing Gillian Wallow so they're gonna break down a lot more on their next podcast. They're gonna be showing you everything, but it's just dope from what he's created. From the comedy shows to the amount of jobs he's created here, the amount of business he's bringing to the city. Comedy shows, concerts, parties. He's doing all types of stuff of car shows. And this is just for, for I guess the part one. And then he's doing all types of financial stuff for the city. He's doing so much for Shreveport, he's turning the city around. So I just wanna salute to him. And If, you are in the area of Shreveport up. We're doing the car show Saturday and Sunday.


He'll be attending both of 'em and he's just bringing people together, which is dope. I I love to see it. So Salute To 50. Salute to 50. I hope You know us up. You know the Good Brothers GI and Wallow salute GI and wallow. Million dollars worth a game. I hope they ask 50. Why Shreveport? Like I want to know, is there a sentimental connection? Is there like a family tie? 'cause I know 50 has fifties family roots going to South Carolina. I know that for sure. So I wonder You know why Shreveport? Well You wonder why. Yes, yes. Shreveport was a big movie town back in the day and they have a, a whole bunch of, a bunch of films. Were were were actually filmed here. The Fall Olympus is Falling, was taped here and, and a lot of others. And they said that You know at one time you can film here and the taxes and things were pretty much cheap where they weren't charging and taxing the people for filming there.


They started taxing that and people left Shreveport and went to other places like Atlanta and LA. So a lot of those film companies and those buildings were still here and they would just abandon and vacant it. So they gave 50 an opportunity to to give him those breaks and give him those buildings to bring people back And ooh, You know that is so smart. The infrastructure's here already so he just has to. But did they change the tax laws? Did they change the tax laws for the films? I believe they did. So they want Hollywood back in Shreveport. So Ask those questions GI and Wallow. I wanna know the answers to 'em. Alright, well you got a positive Note. I do. And it comes from Dr. Seuss. Life is too short to wake up in the morning with regrets. So love the people who treat you right. Forgive the ones who don't and believe that everything happens for a reason.


If, you get a chance, take it. If it changes your life, let it. Nobody said it'd be easy. They just promised it would be worth it. Have a great weekend. Amen. Breakfast Club bitches. Y'all finished or y'all done


New from embedded. Who gets to compete as a woman? This question came up in ugly form at the Paris Olympics, but it's not new. If she runs like a man and talks like a man, is she a man? Hear about the long history of sex testing women athletes on Tested a new series from CBC and NPRs embedded podcast. Listen to all episodes on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your horizons. Hit play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast, sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts Sniffy Cruising Confessions. Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to Sniffy Cruising Confessions sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday.


I'm Angie Martinez and on my podcast I like to talk to everyone from Hall of Fame athletes to iconic musicians about getting real on some of the complications and challenges of real life. I had the best dad, And I had the best memories and the greatest experience and that's all I want for my kids as long as they can have that. Listen to Angie Martinez, IRL on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


In a world where TikTok didn't exist yet, that's the comedy of a Mexicano cross borders called The Heart of America. Sonoro, EI Heart's. Michael Cultura Podcast Network Present. How did a Mexican writer become a symbol of global television? Listen to Na iHeartRadio, apple Podcasts, or wherever you stream podcasts.


Welcome, welcome Welcome to another exciting episode of the Trap Nerds podcast. This is not an episode. I'm pretty sure this is a promo You. know what it is? We in this piece trap Nerd trap real like it never Hurt. We giving you reliable gaming news with the best movie and TV reviews from a blurb perspective, all things inside and out of blurred culture. Listen to the Trap Nurse Podcast or the Black Effect podcast Network, iHeart Radio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.