
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company.


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts, but not only gifts. It's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I don't care if you wanna get your people's laptops, gaming screens, whatever it is they need. Amazon. Got it. Amazon last minute deals are here. Shop last minute deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


You Could sit there and listen to ads, or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that. Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


Good morning. USA. Yo. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo. Just hilarious. Good morning. Charlemagne is a little late and it's finally Friday. Yes. The weekend is finally here. How you feeling? I feel good. Yo, I'm yo, I I'm such a kid. Yo. I swear. So yesterday, You know, they had food around Z 100. Right. You know, it's white people around there. Right? So I, I, I wasn't listening to music. I put one of my ad pods in, right. And I, it was like two white people standing there eating. And I walked past And I was like, you were colonizer. And like I was. And then they turned around and looked. I was like, oh no, I'm listening to Kendrick.


So then on my way back around, it was a white person standing at the coffee machine, right? And I was like, I know their names, but I'm gonna say their names. I was like, then homie double down calling us some sleeves. And he turned around. I'm like, nah, I'm listening to Kendrick. You gotta do that, yo, you gotta walk past random white people, White people. Just rap Kendrick and Wrap Those parts. Like I'm sure they report you to, he didn't report you today to Human Resources. They were definitely reporting you today to human resources. That a Child. But it was so funny to see they reactions y'all. That's funny. Who smoke crack? Nobody. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. How? How are you? I'm Good. How are you? Why you look like a pretty receptionist? You Know, I mean, I'll take the pretty, but yeah, You take the pretty, you just knock on the reception, lead The receptionist. You know, all one of the producers was like, Hey, professor.


I'm like, all right, relax. Hey Professor, Relax. Oh, that, that substitute teacher. We like, Well I gotta be a substitute teacher. Huh? They Don't really be knowing nothing like that. Yes, they Oh, Oh. So Well today we got a great, a great show for you. Ryan Destiny will be joining us. Yeah. She plays Clarissa Shields in the new movie to Fire Inside that comes out on Christmas. Christmas. That's right. We gonna be talking to her. And also Boss Man, dlo, you'll be joining Us. We got a new album out today called Dlo Curry. That's right. Mm. Yes. So we can talk in both of them. Everybody love Boss man dlo. The kids love Boss man. Dlo That right? That is right. Well let's get the show cracking. Good morning Morgan. Not Morgan Mimi. Yeah. Mimi's not here yet.


Mimi's comes when we come back. Oh, I'm looking at on the screen. Good Thing they work Together. Look. I know right? Alright, we get the show Crack. We got front page news when we come back, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news Now, last night Rams verse 49 ERs the Rams beat, the 49 ERs 12 to six. And this is a story that's pinned everywhere last night as well. Bronny James in the G League dropped 30 points last night. They lost to the Valley Sons, but he did drop 30. Oh, That's good for Bronny. Dropping a cruise bomb for Bronny. You know, it's crazy. I got a, a group chat that be hating on Bronny James so much. I don't, they don't never talk about nothing good that he did. No, I didn't wake up to that this morning.


No, no. Didn't wake up to that what I'm Saying. Nah, but he dropped 30. Good morning, Mimi. Good morning, envy. Charlemagne, Jess, how y'all doing? Meet me. Good, Good, good. Happy Friday. Okay, so let's get right into it. Mayor Eric Adams is making headlines this morning following his closed door meeting with the new incoming border czar Tom Holman. In a 10 minute fiery press conference following the meeting, he repeated his plan to help federal immigration officials detain certain people and says he is examining executive powers to allow city law enforcement to work with federal immigration officials about criminal activity in the migrant community.


Let's hear what he had to say. I'm not gonna spend hours answering your questions over and over again for you. You al already to have your preconceived notions and your distorted views on what I have articulated. We're gonna protect the rights of immigrants in the city that are hardworking, giving back to the city in a real way. We are not going to be a safe haven for those who commit repeated violent crimes against innocent migrants, immigrants, and longstanding New Yorkers. That was my conversation today with the Boza to figure out how do we go after those individuals who are repeatedly committing crimes And that what's supposed to happen if you commit crimes, you should be deported.


That's not controversial, is it? Right. If you working hard giving back to New York City, you're Welcome to stay. That's not controversial, is it? Not at all. Yeah. I think the controversial part comes in though, where he is talking about using King's executive power to work with because it's a sanctuary city to work with ice to deport, and they're not exactly sure what that looks like. So I think there's a lot of just trepidation on exactly what that's going to look like. A Adams had said that the city made serious threats in the past that allowed violent offenders, especially dangerous gang members to remain on the streets. So he's clarifying his effort that he will not target undocumented immigrants such as dreamers.


And then meanwhile, at a Republican event earlier this week in Chicago, Republican donors borders are Tom Holman. He was also there. He says that Chicago will be ground zero for mass deportations. Chicago Mayor Brandon Johnson has repeatedly vowed to protect the city's sanctuary sta sanctuary status and the migrants that it's welcomed. Now due to that stance, Homan, he came to Chicago with a message for Mayor Johnson. Let's hear what he had to say. He Impedes us. If he knowingly harbors concealed a illegal alien, I'll prosecute him. So he said, if he impedes us, if he knowingly harbors illegal aliens, I will prosecute him.


During that same event, he went on to call the mayor Trash the government, or excuse me, the governor of Chicago, JB Pritzger Trash. And as you heard in that soundbite, he is threatening to prosecute if anyone gets in his way of his deportation agenda in Chicago. Oh, I know a lot of people in Chicago happy about that. Like salute to the homies old. Remember though that we had up here, like her and other activists, You know, like herself, they've been raising hell and sounding just like, just like him about the illegal migrants in the mayor and all the other government officials in Chicago for a long time. Yep. So, Yeah. So, and turning to Washington where President Biden made a historic announcement yesterday, granting clemency to thousands of Americans is a decision drawing both praise and renewed questions about his broader approach to criminal justice reform.


Now, Biden commuted the sentences of nearly 1500 people who have been serving lengthy prison terms, which of course would've been shorter if they were sentenced under today's current laws. So he pardoned 39 people, most of whom were convicted of nonviolent drug offenses in their early teens, their late twenties. And while most are celebrating this move, some Democrats are pointing out that Biden's actions left out notable figures like former Baltimore, Baltimore State attorney Marilyn Mosby. Now she was convicted of mortgage fraud and perjury earlier this year. Of course, civil rights leaders and members of the Congressional Black Caucus, including Attorney Ben, Ben Crump, Angela Rye, and Reverend Al Sharpton have all urged Biden to pardon Mosby arguing she was a political target of President Trump and yesterday house minority leader Hakeem Jeffries.


He echoed that call during an appearance on MSNBC's the readout. Let's hear what he had to say. President Biden has to evaluate these things on a case by case basis, but at the same time go as big as possible, including looking at examples of aggressive prosecutions as it relates to people like Marilyn Mosby. Yes, I agree about Marilyn Mosby. I said that yesterday. Definitely should have pardoned her and I, I do like the 39 pardons of nonviolent crimes that he did. Well he needs to go further 'cause he's the proud architect of the 1986 Anti-Drug Abuse Act and he's the proud architect of the 94 crime bill. So you need to pardon everybody in federal prison for a nonviolent weed offense. How about, pardon?


Everybody in federal prison for a nonviolent drug offense. That's what you should do. 'cause your legacy is trash President Biden, I don't know if he knows that or not, but his legacy, his legacy's garbage. It's in shambles. I don't care what these old black people say he Doesn't remember Make shut up. Right. What's the Legacy? I don't care what these old black people say. These democrats say his his legacy is trash. Alright. All right. Well people Said he to do something to correct that is what I'm saying. Yeah, well they say it's not over yet. They said that while he hasn't commented directly on Mosby's case, he has hinted at taking more steps in his final week to come. Yeah. What You mean? It ain't, It's December 13th. He ain't got much. He ain't got much.


You've Got about another month and a half. No, You gotta figure it out. Yeah, about a month and a couple weeks, a week Or so. A month and a week. Right. Two Weeks. You better figure it out. The clock is ticking. Yeah, The clock is okay. Relax. The clock is ticking On all levels. I'm just saying. Right. That's what I'm saying. Relax yo. Alright, my lattice front page news. Thank you Mimi. Alright, coming up we'll talk more about a Florida woman who was arrested on serious charges for a copycat phrase used by the united CEO health murderer. Alright, everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. It's Friday. If you want to vent, you wanna holler at us. Maybe it's your birthday, maybe you're celebrating something or you just wanna get some things off your chest.


Call us up right now. (800) 585-1051 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. I'm tall, I'm telling Hey whatcha doing man. I'm call call. Yo. This Is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this You? What's going on in babe? Hey, what's up Trav Man? Chilling, chilling. Lauren or Jess? Which one? There? Both of us here, but I'm here right now. What's up Al? What's up Jessica? You got a problem? You be, you be trying to disappear when I call up now. No I don't.


No I don't. What's going on my mind Shar, what's going on in my mind Pieces. What's happening? I'm doing good. How you doing? Listen real quick. I just wanna talk about if I get in a new relationship right, this ain't got nothing to do with nothing. When I get in a new relationship, my old man can't come beating up my new man. Y'all my old can't beat up my new Y'all. Is that what happened? That's All, that's all I gotta say. You said, you said, is that what I mean? That that's what happened to somebody. Ain't You should hope you got the kind of butt people fight over. But you Need, if people ain't fighting over your butt, you butt trash. But listen, my old, my old man can't be beating up my new man now. Now I can't beat now. I can't be, I can't be with the new man now. I gotta protect Him. Yeah, but you ain't with the new man.


'cause he can fight you with him 'cause he can fornicate. Man, I, I don't know. That's, I I I need my new fight too. I need, I need him be able to like not get punched out. Mm. I got, I feel you. You messy trav. I ain't say nothing but All right y'all, Goodbye. Goodbye y'all. Hello? Who's this? Hey, you in me? Yes sir. Oh damn. Okay. Hold on. Lemme take you off speaker. I ain't think you was going answer that fast. Oh, hey, how you doing bro? I, I'm good bro. How you feeling? I'm cool. I'm cool. I, I appreciate y'all big fan. But can can I talk to you for a second? Go ahead. Go Ahead. I'm, I'm, I, I got, I want you to reach out to Swift and Tim about versus for me, I got a great idea for it And I just need you to hear me out and if you like the idea, you give them my info and have them hit me up and then I tell them what I told you.


They can Hear you. You're talking to 8 million people right now. I'm sure. Yeah. You say right now they can listen to you. I damn alright. Nobody steal my idea. Versus needs to be just like the NFL or NBA where it's like a league and they need to divide it up into like eastern conference, Western conference, et cetera. And then we go get all of the biggest artists from each city. Like New York get like a 50 cent and he'll give all of the up and coming artists that want, but it's gonna be like a battle league. You know what I mean? And then we separate it not just with artists but athletes as well. So rappers, singers, dancers, boxers and basketball players one-on-one. We find the best in each city and then have 'em compete just like the FL and NBA stuff.


Do You know what I mean? That's how it needs to be. And then we monetize with ticket sales, have a platform where people subscribe to see the content, et cetera. That's how we're gonna make our money. But that's what versus needs to be. It don't need to just be what they doing now. It needs to be like live battles. People showing up with brand new songs and seeing who the best is. You feel me? I like that. Yeah. I like the idea. I don't know if I like that for verses though. I mean, the thing we love about verses is the nostalgia. The thing we love about verses is because they do give flowers to, You know, the OGs and the veterans. Right. Like that's what we, that's what we like about verses Yeah. We can do both though. Ain't no reason we can't have them both. Yeah, because it's still a versus. Yeah, I get what you're saying. I I do like that. That's what I'm saying. We, yeah, like if y like I said, just if you could put me on hold so I can give you my phone number and then you pass it on to them so I can explain that to them.


Yep. Man, y'all be the real, I Don't don't even know they heard you bro. We'll hear I keep on, I keep on freaking my fault. My Fault you're talking. I appreciate John. Yeah you're talking to 8 million people bro. Not how they Gonna hit me up though. Like how can Swiss and send reach out to me though? Oh, We already stole ideas. It don't even matter. Hey yo, I'm just playing. I'm with you too. Whatcha, I'm just messing with you. Hold on. I'm gonna have Eddie, the producer get you email in case they wanna reach out bro. Wait, Okay. What? All right. I mean at least we got the email. They might wanna reach out. Ain't no Tim, ain't no suckers like that. They might wanna say, You know what, we did get that idea from him Or maybe they thought about that idea already. Now it's gonna seem a little crazy that that's what You always say that when you wanna steal somebody idea always.


Hell yeah. We been been that that last shit. Yeah. Hit it off your chest. (800) 585-1051. Call us up now is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This Is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or have the same energy we wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? This is Sina. Oh my god. I can't believe I got threw. Hey, what's up sir? Sakina, get it off your chest. Guess What racing is C play. I ain't gonna be messing with you. What's up Sakina? I am. I am black. I play with me. We know. We know. We know, we know. Okay so my birthday's on Monday so I'm excited about that early Bond day.


Every time I try to call. Thank you. Every time I try to call her on my birthday, you guys are always on vacation so I'm excited that I got through. Aw. Oh That's just, we have But you doing for your birthday? Honestly. I don know. I'm just happy. Just happy to be alive. How Old? How old you gonna be? How old would you turn to Monday? 37. Hey. Okay. Okay Well enjoy your birthday mama. Yep. Yes. And where you calling from? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much Brooklyn. Oh Brooklyn. Okay well enjoy the Birthday. Thank Yeah man. Happy early born day. It's the holiday season. Thank you so much. You got a lot of reasons to celebrate. It's the holiday season. It's your born day. You alive. Congratulations. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you guys. Have a good mama. Hello? Who's this?


Nah, DJ. Me Manny. Manny. What's up? Nah, I ain't on the line man. Yeah you are. What's up Manny? How you gonna call the radio And I if you on the radio? Nah, I'm God whatever. Peace King. What's happening? Why you So why you So why you so amp? You Know what's up? How you doing? What's up baby? What's up? Nah, this is crazy. Okay, get to it anyways. Y'all here. I just wanna shout out my son. He about to turn 10. We from PA heading to Philly. We gonna go to Florida first. Birthday's on Monday. Okay. Shout him out. My fiance. Okay. Congratulations brother. Y'all going that in Florida? What's what? What town? Oh we just gonna go to Orlando. Kiss me.


Take to Low Universal have a little day. Okay. I love Orlando. Make sure you go to the licking when you go to Orlando. Man. Snoop to my guy E class. You're so good Word. I'm in there. Alright. Yo. That's crazy though. I been trying to call y'all. I got in there yo. That's crazy. Why don't you say your people's names? Why You know why you on their radio? Your son, your wife, your fiance. Alright. Yeah, my son's Calvin Rodriguez. I'm messed up now calling him a junior. But anyway. Eliana Rodriguez. Yo. Shout out the whole family. Alright Man. You have a good one. Be safe out there. All right Yo. Thanks Yo. Peace, peace, Peace. Oh he Was so happy. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We got justice. The mess coming up. What we talking About Cressa is riding around New York right now.


Right now? Yes. I saw that yesterday. That was a recent video. Yes. Damn. Ooh Lord. So we going, we going gonna get into it, We gonna jump back into it. All right. Yes. We'll get into that when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to Jess with the best Is real Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don't Nobody Worldwide, just worldwide mess on The Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you To see.


It's time to set it on So things got messy and still getting messy. More on the Remy Pap and Claressa Trio. We reported on it yesterday but things started to escalate. Accusations being thrown from both sides and is is definitely messy on both sides. Remy had claimed that Pat Pos got her arrested and Pat responded saying that, that she was lying and it can be verified. And then some screenshots of text messages between him and Clarissa. He said that Remy altered those, he accused her of altering those and she of course denied that. And he had shared a picture yesterday of her spending Christmas with Zy in front of a Christmas tree by a Christmas tree. Yeah. He also had alleged that she had, she didn't spend Christmas with her daughter, but then she responded and she posted like a screen recording of her photo gallery where you can see that she did spend time with her daughter.


And if you look up you can see that She, It show the date. Yeah, it shows the date. So it, it is confirmed that she did spend time but You know, she probably, You know, spent opened the gifts with the baby when, You know, slid off to go be with her. Dude, You know, I didn't know that was real. 'cause she had on All Brown. I thought that was the jail suit. I thought you Thought, you thought they put a Christmas tree up in, in prison And I just thought it was a picture that somebody PR shop. Okay. Oh I was like, I did. I was like huh? She Respond, responded shit outta she responded and said I was right here with y'all. You was right there in the background looking regular. That's Lauren by the way guys. Hey y'all. Oh they, they, they know the difference between the voices period. Yep. Clarissa. And listen the, the dms between them and this, this is the crazy thing to me because Alright, pat was saying that he was the, no, no, no, no, no.


Clarissa, the dms like they, they talked before Clarissa was talking to before. Oh yeah. So they was actually not cool but cordial. She was giving her advice on outfits And when Pat posted the photo of Remy in front of the Christmas tree, he was basically saying like he was, he was referring to like why he got into it with the easy block captain guy. He was like, it wasn't because he was dealing with you, it was because he shook my hand and then he turned around and dealt with you. So Remy posted a video of her thread with Clarissa a back and forth conversation. Small conversation like just said. But it was like, You know, they were talking about, You know, Remy got the boutique basically Doing the same thing. Yeah. Like basically like yo, I mean I've had conversations with her too. So, but She said she kept it quiet. Yeah. And then Clarissa had posted that Remy was in her DM first she started the conversation 'cause You know, she was a fan of hers and, and she was, You know, and she had responded back to her like, oh thank you.


Yeah, you are real and thank you. You know, so that, that was that. And then yo, so the guy easy. Is it, is it something before I get to Easy 'cause I'm trying to get to this man interviewing himself. No, No, no go ahead. Because we're talking about the knockout. Go Ahead. Yes, yes, yes. So remember that it was alleged that Papoose had knocked Zy out? Well he interviewed himself online, which mean interviewed himself. He interviewed himself. You know how he was sitting there talking, people do interviews and people wanna interview people. He was like, nah, I'm gonna interview myself because people So he Was asking himself Questions? Yes, absolutely. No, he was answering the questions that he think people wanna ask him. Got you. Why Wouldn't he just like do a ask me anything and let people ask more. Giving like A low key, like a library stream or something like that. But he just wanted to, You know, and he Did say all donations at the top.


So he was probably, he was taking donations too. He was definitely taking donations. Just the holidays. He gotta buy ri everything she needs. So I'm not mad at that. Yeah, absolutely. But we do have audio of him talking on the alleged fight. It came through the situation with a mask on. Somehow he got past the security guard. The walls is a, is a lha. I'm on the wall. He, he literally sneaked me. He do mean he do sneak me. I never fell. Never was in no fetal position. I never touched the ground ever. Because when I got back to turn around to the, the ran to me, I told Rim, I think the security had something to do with it because A comes with a full blown mask. Your security is not gonna allow a in the building.


So to me, I always think that it was a line we get in the car, I get a text message that say, yo get out the car. She just launched. So I'm, look, I'm literally in the car. This is literally like 10 minutes after the whole situation. I show her the text, I still have it, but at the end of the day it's like, what? This is a ninja. Why he talk like he battle rap. That's why I can't mess with battle rap. You wanna fight everything Stuff me, I'm tight Like that. He turn to me and say, you going be, I like that. That was pretty good. That was pretty good. Why? You talk like a bat battle. He's, You better relax for pap sliding here with a, with a mask. So just because First of all, if somebody slides in with a mask and you get snuffed, you deserve to get snuffed.


'cause you wasn't paying no attention with a mask. Somebody with a mask. But he had a mask on that should put you on alert right there. But I think he was saying that it was so much security that he, I mean maybe he was just chilling. Somebody would've mask shit. Got That far. And Remy talked about this too. She responded to the mask part. 'cause she was like, like Pat is saying all this stuff, making it seem like I'm this horrible person. But what if homie would've thought that I really tried to line him that coulda, I coulda got killed behind that. Yeah. And She said she was, if it wasn't for her reputation, then yeah she definitely could have got hurt or whatever. But the, the only thing that people wanted to know from Eazy, which I saw was did he knock you out? Right. And Remy said that he did. Didn't Remy say that? That No, you didn't knock him out. Remy said it didn't. Pat said, He was like, stop playing with me. You know I didn't knock him out and you spent four days with him like you picked him up.


You know I knocked him out. 'cause you picked him up. Jesus. And you spent four days with him after that. So that, that, that's how that goes. And he, he also made, he tried to say that Pat bugged his car. Pat bugged the car. That's how she knew, that's how he found out about Zy. That she was messing with Easy 'cause Pat Remy car, her car. Yeah. Yep. Crazy. Shout out to Pat Pap a Brooklyn, John Wick, he out here sneaking in places with math on snuffing people. Bu he know Pat know his way around the car. Yes. Just be, just don't wrap it. Yeah, but I, I just hate this though.


I hate, I hate this. The fact that they've married, they have It's black lives. They're supposed to be black lives. Yeah. I, I just hate it. See on both sides. And it could be, it could be, I just wish they would've just kept it internal. The fact that The World knows their business. You got Clarissa, You know, leaving comments and then easy leaving comments. It's just so much like, and then, Yeah, go ahead. I Was gonna say, and if they weren't together, if they were separated and Pat was with Clarissa and re was with Homie Easy. I don't understand why it even came to a head yesterday. Like, because they, it seems like they knew 'cause they obviously there're still some feelings and emotions and all that. I'm saying to me that's the only reason why like as a woman when I saw it, I'm like dang. Like whatever they going through, obviously Remy like they still, there's something because check, because You know when your man is like really like this girl then check this out.


It's like, oh wait, what you doing all this online behind her? Even if you married. Right. And, and say if you was Remy and you came in house, you already know everything. You came in the house. Sleep, sleep on, see him sleep on the phone with the girl. And She's still talking. She up, she's still talking. This is your time to Talk to don't talk to her in my house. Would you still feel that way? Yes, exactly. Don't talk To her in my house. She better go outside in the backyard. So even though they moved on, they still like, You know what I'm saying? They was together for what, how many Years? Like 17, You Know. What about Clarissa riding around New York and the car Pat be rapping in yesterday? Ain't seen nothing about that. Not the same. No, no, no. Jess no, no because was talking about this, it sounded her being like, I'm in. Okay.


Okay listen. She said I'm, I'm in New York. And then she also are real quick. She said she set a date. She said February 2nd her she want Rumi to come and get her ass whipped come crash out February 2nd, that'd be the next fight. And then she said she in New York called me. What's up? What 50 say. Oh, 50 Know 50 said so what? 50 said 51 Claressa, Whatever. 50 said whatever you do don't fight her. She will get the BL champ. Yeah. What is going on man I need, I'm saying, And I didn't wanna say it yesterday on the radio, but I was like nah, Remy ain't gonna fight. Remy going, You know what I mean? So I, You know, we can't really say that on the radio but In light, in light of history, Historic Picture, Some lighter History and her reputation. Like she said That damn pat boy.


Yeah man, pat p really got a type. He's the type of women that can fight. Yeah. Last thing Clarissa said that she only responded because she was bored. But my thing is, how you bored, you got a movie coming out December 25th. Do not distract. Do not get distracted by drama. Although, You know, sometimes publicity how any type can be, You know, great publicity but man, like, nah. But She's saying Pap is her boyfriend. Yeah, they probably is. But re Remy said they got a Kaley Girl. I, I just, I just think the way all of this happened yesterday was whack. Like I don't like none of it. Pap and Remy are adults and they always have just been, You know, very thorough. Very, very solid. So I don't like seeing none of this same. And I hate reporting this man sad. So that's, Well no, y'all just went back and forth for like a good 60 minutes to 60 seconds.


Two minutes because, and y'all was just in girl Chad And I, I don, I felt left out. I still left Out. She said in my House on FaceTime. I was like in her, in the house. You couldn't be of all the times you Not in the car first of all. You know what it feel like that one man? Oh yes I do. Babyhood. Y'all go to commercial. You too. You do too guys. You do too baby. Alright, don't play with me. When we come back, we got front page news and then bossman dlo me joining us, my nerve. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's getting some front page news. Now, last night in Thursday night football, the Rams beat the 49 ERs. 12 six.


Also what's been going around is Bronny James score 30 points in his G League debut. Drop on a cruise bomb from LeBron James. That was his Debut. That's what they're saying. I thought he played out. He played, I thought he played before, but that's what they said on the sheet. On sheet it says yeah he played before. Oh, road game debut because he only played home games yet. And You know whose birthday is, you can get excited about this. Taylor Swift. Oh, why do I care that he Taylor Swift birthday? Oh, I Thought you was a Taylor Swift. I thought you was a swifty. I don know what made you think that? You ain't never heard me say nothing. Well, Happy birthday to Jamie Fox. Jamie Fox, yeah. Jamie Fox. Jamie Fox. Who box for Jamie Fox? Morning. Me. Morning y'all. All right. So if y'all are like most Americans and are waiting for those grocery prices to lower, you may be waiting just a little bit longer.


In an interview with Time Magazine, President-Elect Trump said, lowering the grocery prices will be very hard, but he does predict they will drop. He stops short though of tying his presidency to the price drop. He's blaming high prices on energy and supply chain issues. Now of course, throughout his campaign, Trump frequently blamed the Biden administration for rising grocery prices and promised to make food more affordable once in office. Now Trump is also Time Magazine's person of the year. He was selected for what the magazine called A Comeback of Historic Proportions. And under pressure from President-elect Trump, FBI director Christopher Ray is breaking with tradition and he's resigning before the end of his term.


Now Ray announcing he'll step down at the end of the Biden administration amid criticism from Trump, who has already named his choice loyalist Cash Patel to lead the department. Now if you remember, Trump picked Ray to lead the FBI in 2017. But since then, their relationship has taken a turn. And in a recent interview with NBC's meet the press, Trump criticized Ray for his role in the FBI's investigation into classified documents at his Florida estate. Let's listen to what he had to say. Can't Say I'm thrilled with him. He invaded my home. I'm suing the country over it. He invaded Mar-a-Lago.


Now Ray's resignation comes with three years still left on his 10 year term, which has lawmakers concerned. Of course, mark, Senator Mark Warner of Virginia said he worries about the precedent that this sets FBI directors. They are set up with 10 year terms so they are not falling into any undue p


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola company.


What does it feel like to get the new iPhone 16 pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first pick up those tongs and you're now the one running the grill, it's indescribable like something you've never felt before. All the mouthwatering anticipation of new possibilities, whether it's making a perfect cheeseburger or treating your family to a grill baked potato, which You know will forever change the way you look at potatoes with at t. Next up, anytime you can feel this weight again and again, learn how to get the new iPhone 16 pro with Apple intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime at and t connecting changes everything. Apple intelligence coming fall 2024 with Siri and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime feature may be discontinued at any time, subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone four details.


The holidays are here and it's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. The reason I love this so much is because it is the holidays and there's things that I've had family members and friends ask me for throughout the year that I simply would not give them the money to get, but I will get them the actual items. So whether it's laptops, hair steamers, dining sets, makeup, better wigs for Lauren LaRosa, whatever it is they need. Amazon. Got it. Amazon Last minute deals are here. Shop last minute deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


The World Is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because Like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


Political influence. But I think we've passed that point. What do you guys say? Oh Yeah, we definitely passed that point. I I wanna go back to what you was talking about with the, with the, the, the grocery prices. Like America's gonna be extremely pissed off 18 months after, You know, inauguration of those grocery prices aren't down. If those grocery prices aren't down by the midterms, the Trump campaign gonna be in a lot of trouble. They have all the power, he's got control of all the branches of government. They have no excuses not to govern and get done everything they said they wanted to do. If they don't show up for the voters, the voters are absolutely gonna turn on them because as he said, what was it on Meet the Press over the weekend, that's what he ran on. He ran on one word. Groceries.


Okay? People want people, people want, You know, to have more money in their pocket. But if that don't happen, you you gonna watch, you gonna see voters revolt, watch. But when, when you dealing with somebody like Trump, does he care? What do you mean? Does he care? Does he Care what people think? He's he's in there for his own agenda. Does he honestly care about if people like him not like him or anything like that? Oh, I mean, I don't know if he cares, but I don know the midterms is in a couple of years. So you, you don't, You know, you gotta do what you gotta, you gotta do what you said you're going to do for voters or the voters are gonna take their votes elsewhere. So if you wanna maintain that control and maintain that power, you better show up for the people. 'cause if not the midterms, they're gonna make other decisions. And in four years from now, they gonna definitely make other, other decisions. Yeah, You're right. And now he's saying it's very hard. So that's a, that's a quick turnaround from what he was saying on the campaign trail.


And switching gears to Florida, where a 42-year-old woman is facing serious charges after allegedly making a threatening remark during a phone call with her insurance provider, blue Cross Blue Shield. Now, according to police, Brianna Boston was disputing, sorry, disputing a denied medical claim during the call when she said delay, deny, dispose, you people are next. Now this phrase was recently, of course found on the ammunition used in the killing of UnitedHealthcare, CEO Brian Thompson in New York City just over a week ago now, she's been charged with threats to conduct a mass shooting or act of terrorism.


Well, she she earned that Goofy. Yeah, she definitely did. I don't think that you can say those words to a, a healthcare and anyone at this point right now, but definitely not to a healthcare provider while you're dealing with a a denied medical claim. I just don't understand why everybody making so light of the United Healthcare CEO Brian Thompson getting killed like I, and, and listen, forget, let's just even forget what he, what he is, right. As a United Healthcare, CEO all I see is a father walking in New York City to go to his job. Correct. And he got gunned down and he Doesn't own the company. Now mind he doesn't Own. That's saying Company is hired to do a job. He does not own It. I don't understand why people are celebrating crazy, him being killed because at the end of the day, like I said yesterday, he's, he's dead.


His kids don't got no father. That 26-year-old Luigi or whatever his name is, he gonna be in jail for the rest of his life. And the healthcare com the healthcare system is still the same today. Nothing changes. They still, nothing changes. He still denying claims and everything today. So what did that accomplish and why are you happy about him being gunned down like that? It's just weird to where we are as a people now. Makes No sense. And then, damn right, before the holidays they got his kids and his wife man. Damn. Yeah, for sure. And just speaking of holidays, have you finished any of your holiday shopping yet, Girl? I'm still, I'm still doing it. I gotta get some stuff for my little sister. I'm done. I I tell you, I did everything the other day, right? Online. Mm. But You know, I thought about you the other day too, right? Mm. But you was asking for something for your dad And I just happened to look in the garage and it was a brand new box of what you was looking for for your dad.


And I don't know if you got it yet, we'll talk behind. 'cause I don't know if he, he listens, but I found a brand new box. If you want it, you can have It. Definitely want it. Whatever it is. I don't even care. Nice. Please. I'm drip. I'm about to start hiding in the bushes on the FedEx and the Amazon people because there's a, a clear sign that tells y'all to bring the packages to the front door and y'all do not be bringing the packages to the front door and they leaving the packages under the sign. And I'm starting to feel disrespected because I think you, you why you leaving them under the sign on purpose purposely, You know what I mean? It's not like you gotta walk, you drive, you can drive up the driveway. So I don't understand. Like it's just disrespectful at this point. Well listen y'all, with the holiday season in full swing, those deadlines are approaching. So to make sure you get those holiday cards, those packages in the mail in time for Christmas, if you, I don't know about Amazon and FedEx and what's the other one?


UPS. But if you are using the United States Postal Service, there are a few key dates to keep in mind. Your last date as send regular first class mail is December 18th. Priority mail is December 19th. Express items should be sent by December 21st in order to make it on time for Christmas. So you'll want to get those, that's all basically next week. That's right. So yeah guys, so that's your front page news. I'm Mimi Brown, follow me on social at Mimi Brown tv. And for more news coverage, follow the Black Information Network or download the free iHeartRadio App and visit b news.com.


Morgan will be back next week. Thank you guys so much for having me. Thank You Mimi. And you held it down this week, man. I'm sad that it's your last day. Thank you. But you and Morgan working at the same company? Yep. Yeah we do. Yeah, maybe y'all can share. I don't know, maybe. Okay. I would like that. We'll talk about it. Yeah. Alright. Thank you Mimi. All Right. Y weekend. Happy Holidays. Alright, happy Holidays. Bye. All right. When we come back, bossman Dlo will be joining us. His new album, DLO Curry is out now. And we gonna talk to him next. So don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club.


We got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. We got Bossman dlo. Welcome. Hey, first time up here. Are you feeling bro? I'm cool now, bro. Man, people love you. They call up, ask why you haven't been up here yet and everything. Facts, people will love you. Yo. I I I think I was supposed to been coming. Yeah. What happened? You got sick? Said you got sick. Yeah. What's been going? Yeah, what's wrong with your immune system? What's happening? What's Wrong with your immune system? It's crazy. You know, you ain't got no water, You know, on tour, I'm, You know, show after show. Yeah, sometime three, four shows a night. So Eating messed up. I'm sure You gotta wear condoms too, man. All That got, Yeah, He said music. Nah, I wasn't that just, You know, I had to, my last show in Daytona, it was like I was about to pass out, kind of like blacked out for like five seconds.


Is it The drinking, Is it the smoke? Dehydrated? I ain't drinking no water. Trying to, You know, Don Julio. Now you say this yourself or did the doctor say you need to drink more water? Because that's the first thing when somebody gets sick And I need To drink more water. Yeah. Yeah. The doctor said, oh, the doctor said okay, they drink more water. It happened to me. Passed out one time. Yeah, years ago. Wilding out all night. You be in the clubs every night. I I passed out in the floor in the studio. Right, right there the floor. You know what, You know what I did Dehydrated. I'm in cloudy people, the lights. I'm like damn, I can't pass out right here like that. What you doing then? Glad you good to help that though. Are you, are you still drinking water? 'cause I just offered you one. You was like, nah, I'm good. That was, I'm Good. I had one yesterday. Yeah. I'm drinking water, You know, I'm, I'm trying to, You know, work out a little bit. You gonna cut back on the Don Julio?


You go We, yeah, I'm done drinking. That's What's up. I gave it up. I'm sold man. So You're not drinking at all no more. I ain't drink. So what was the last experience? Something must've got you. I Really, I really didn't even drink like that. Like I wasn't little drunk. Like I really never really drank. I just take a little sip, loose me up for the show. You Have perform and you really talk like how you rap? I know. Hell yeah. You have performed sober? Nah. You Think you can like what you mean? Like all the way sober? Yeah, all The way. Nah, like sober is sober. Nah, No. You know, I thought you talking about like just off the liquor? Yeah. Nah, like no liquor and no weed, no nothing. Nah, I ain't never do that. Okay. You feel like you can? Yeah, but yeah. Nah, nah, I can't.


Yeah, because I, I done did like over 200 shows, so now it's kind of like You got It how much you get in the show, Like one 50. Woo. That's right. You counting your pockets right now. You I know you gonna leave uncle Little so outta here man. Little. So it's the holidays, You know what I'm saying? Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah. Let's, Let's, let's go back a little bit. How did you get into to rapping? I know your dad's a truck driver and they said that your brother influenced you to rap. So how did you get into rapping? What made you say, You know what, I'm gonna get rid of all the F boy ish and the illegal ish to start doing rapping. What got you To that? I ain't, I ain't, I ain't never really ra till like 2019. My homeboys, they, I was in jail. My homeboy said they had a studio. Like they, I'm like, damn, they made a crazy move.


Like, You know what I'm saying? So when I hung up the phone with them, that's when I just started writing. For real, for real. In jail. You just started writing? Yeah. That was your first time ever even trying to rap or writing? I, I, we used to like just in the hood freestyle by like, it was like recording the song was Yeah, 2019. Mm. You was locked up during the pandemic too, right? Hell yeah, I was in there. I seen Covid. Like I seen when the dude first got off the ship, whoever it was, and then the spread, like I was watching all of that. I'm watching numbers go up, You know what I'm saying? I'm watching my, my mama got it. My daddy got it. You know? Did it go through the jail? Everybody was getting sick in there. Yeah. So But y'all weren't testing, y weren't Testing out. Ain't nobody testing though. You know what I'm saying?


Because I was, I went to South Florida. Like I know for a fact I got it. 'cause I was in there on some, like, it's no AC in here and I'm still cold. You feel me? So I know I caught it, but it was like, you can't really say nothing because then we gonna go back on two week quarantine where you have to sit in a cell. No call. No. So y'all, Oh, y'all was just sick. Just like fing. We gonna fight through this. Yeah, you, you gotta just wear that. Like, just go lay down, bro. I bet you it ran through the jails fast though. What do they call it? I can't remember what they call it, but it's when everybody catches it. So everybody, It was like a hot potato, like wake up the next morning. He's sick now. Wake up next morning. Now he got it. Wake up the next morning. He got it. It was just going like that. When I listen to your music, man, it seemed like you a big basketball fan.


Yeah. Was that your dream to play ball or something? Or you just It was okay. Yeah. Yeah it was. But then kind of, I don't know, I just was lazy. Yeah. I played sixth. No, I ain't make the teen sixth grade. I ain't make the teen seventh grade I made the teen eighth grade. I was kind of dedicated at that point. And then scree took over a little bit in ninth grade. It was just slow. Now I'm getting lazy further in the streets and kicked out over with. And you remember the first song that took off? The first song that you was like, oh, this could really be something and not just some hobby that we doing in the studio. It's called Boss Man. It's, it's, it's like one of the first songs I made in 2019 and like what it did and like just our love Treasure Coast, You know what I'm saying?


Had everybody turn. So it was like, oh, you might know what you doing for real. You feel me? Now with, with all the artists out at the time and all the artists looking for people, was there anybody that came to you that wanted to sign you and how come you decided not to sign with a particular artist? It was like a couple, like Gucci had like tried to sign me and it was like a little misunderstanding. I don't know, I guess I wasn't really, I guess I wasn't communicating with him. I guess it was the lawyers, You know what I'm saying? So that ain't work out. But what Luci was, I think it's a game. I was trying to sign me, but I didn't, You know, that ain't work out. So I just, I ended up with Alamo like after that Came. What made, what made you go with Alamo? What, why was the, the Alamo reason? Because it was really like, You know, I was, I'm kind of, at the time I was looking up the Broadway, 'cause he over there and then I'm sitting, okay, he doing good.


He ain't complaining, You know what I'm saying? More of an independent route, You feel me? And it is like they was coming Correct too. So, And the Gucci, so the, the Gucci thing dissolved because of the attorneys. But you, you, you would've loved to sign the Gucci Right? At the time, bro, I was so deep in the streets, it was like, it didn't even matter about the money. I know me being with Gucci going, You know what I'm saying? I know I'm going to snap. So it was like, damn. But it just, the conversation wasn't right for it to go Further. Did y'all speak after? Yeah, we were supposed to, we were supposed to do a song. I think he, he had ended up dropping it before I could. 'cause I was on tour so I really couldn't really get to studio, but yeah. Was that your first time being locked up back in 2019?


No, I mean I done been to the detention that, but Okay. That was my first time and no, that was like my second or third time in jail. That Was the longest time you spent in there That time? No, no. I was locked up like damn near all of 2018. And I got out early 19. I was on probation trying to rap. I'm in the club violating, I, I'm, I was violating all. So then I got violated in like probably like six months, seven months of like trying to wrap it. So that's cut all that off and then I was gone like 20 months. That was longest. Like 20 something months. All right. We got more with Bossman. Dlo when we come back.


Don move The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Boss Man. Dlo. Jess, Has the success been going a little bit too fast for you? Because like, you came up like quick, like from our point of view, you had your, you dropped your first mix tape last year, then you signed your deal last year and then you got hit records and performing all around The World now. Yeah, I'd say, I'd say probably like, You know, like the success kind of, I feel it kind of came. But as far as like me grinding, I feel like, nah, like it's 20, 24. Yeah. Like I was grinding since 2019. You know what I'm saying? I count me going to jail as part of the grind. 'cause I went to jail for doing this.


So For doing what? For like, You know, rapping. Like I went to jail 'cause I violated. Oh you was in the club? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. I was in the club. Okay bro. I ain't gonna lie bro. I'm in the club bro. So You been lying the whole time? Yeah, I'm in the club. Like we, we like performing and pro bono shit. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So I'm in the club, I'm vibing, I'm turned that phone go to vibrating in my pocket. I like, oh, pull it out mama. Boy's at the house. I ain't even answer that. I already know what that call means. You was On house arrest? Nah, I'm on. I'm on probation. I had a curfew at 10 o'clock, you feel me? So it was probably like 12. She pulled up. So you Still just party like I'm out, I'm Out.


So then phone vibrate again. I pull it back out. It's a text message. Yeah. Po j left. You violated to put the phone up. Fucking Partying. I feel like they need to make different stipulations if that is what the profession you're chasing, right? Like if you say I'm a rapper. Yeah, your work hours are different basically. For real. I feel like they should make adjustments for That. We up all night. Yeah, But how can they account for that? 'cause then somebody use that and they not really a rapper, You know what I'm saying? Well s on Instagram use that. I'm really in the club. Like hey Yeah See, but then you 'cause you grinding at that point. So it might not be to the level. You can't show no show contracts and all that. You ain't even getting booked. You know what record I'm paying people to perform at the, the time I wasn't supposed to leave the county.


All kind of, I'm all out the county. And So how was the transition from the street to the, the industry? 'cause the industry is is is different, right? We, I mean I remember when Yo Gotti first came in and yo Gotti would very, would barely talk 'cause he just is a transition. So how's the transition been for you? I'm barely talking too, You know, So, Nah, it's really like, it's like I feel like bro, once you like, You know I ain't do a lot of time but You know some people brains click earlier than, You know what I'm saying? But just for me, my little periods of times and four times going to jail the last time, 20 something months actually touching the reception center of prison and seeing what I seen, You know what I'm saying?


And Covid going on all of that. Like you could, I coulda literally lost my mama and daddy quit like that in jail. That's the worst. You know what I'm saying? And then seeing the money you getting out of this, it's kind of easy for me. Well I don't need to prove nothing. I don't need to go to jail. I done did that feel me? Like, And I done been in the streets for real, for real. Like anybody know they know. So I don't need to prove, like I don't need to be trying to do no streets prove nothing. You know what I'm saying? I'm, I'm a biding man now I'm rapping. Yeah. I heard you say to Wallo and Gilly when you did million dollars worth of game that you value reactions over numbers. What You mean? Yeah. Oh yeah, for sure. Yeah, for sure. It's like, I don't know like the numbers, You know, you can't really tell bro numbers is all that computer.


Yeah. It's just too much going on. You don't know. I feel like you need to be focused on how people turn it up at your shows. You need to be focused on how many comments you getting. You know what I'm saying? How many people sharing your, whatever you posting, You know what I'm saying? I get it. 'cause you say if if I do 10 albums it don't matter. But if my records is, is is bumping in the club And I can sell out an arena who cares about those album. Exactly. Exactly. And you still getting club money like the show money like that, that Ain't no, ain't nothing going to beat that show money. That's right. That's where you, that's where, You know what I'm saying? Most of your income really Comes from I don want Beats the show money. Yeah That's the IRSs to just make sure they did because they be watching. Oh You know I ain't gonna, I got them people I ain't, I got them outta the way.


I ain't gonna play with them. Yeah. That's the only people don't play with them. I ain't gonna play with them. And you, is it true? I think somebody told me that you started getting your first show was 2501st Show 2,500. Damn. And now you had A Buck 50 And I was spinning. Look at God, I probably done spent 3000 to get to where I'm going. The first show was in Tallahassee like five, six hours away. You got rental clothes, you homeboy hotel, You Know. Now you also did something that we haven't seen before. You announced your album or SportsCenter? Yeah. Damn now. Damn. Who came up with that concept? What was the idea of that? It was funny when I heard you Curry. Yeah. You know I was talking about it like, damn man I'm trying to get on Sports Center. You know label made it happen.


That was all your idea. I, I brought it up. You know we all talked about it. It was all like some really some, I'm just high saying something and actually just high saying something. I wanna go back to the basketball. 'cause you do make a lot of basketball references because I, that's how I know you really? Yeah. Really loved it. So what got you away from it? Was it just bad grades getting cut like you didn't have nobody really pushing you to do it? Like what was it? Yeah, it wasn't really, no it wasn't really no push to You know, do it. But I kind of myself like I kind of just always was watching TV watching NBA and so I kind of just always liked it. You know, certain moves, rayon, rod, those certain, I just wanted to go outside, copy it, You know.


And then I just, I wanted to play it. But then You know Streets bro. Was you good? Yeah. Not at the streets. At Basketball. Nah, I'm saying I nah nah You Know everybody said they get a basketball. You say you get a basketball. We don't believe. Nah, nah, nah, nah. I was hard. I was fine. Oh I started smoking so then I started not caring about practice. You know what I'm saying? It just, You know how Screech it just slowly go like it step by step. Go to smoking now you don't care about this now you just gone now you're breaking in houses. Now you oh you tripping. Damn. Hold. Yeah it don't usually go like that all the time. I don't usually go like that but That how mine went on. I don I got you. I got, You know.


Damn. Let's get into something off the album. What you wanna hear off the album? The album is out today. Yeah. Which you wanna Get into? We should do Shake that ass remix. Oh you wanna Hear that Glow with Glow on it? Yeah, glow. Really? She snapped. She snapped too hard baby. Right. Y'all got a few records together right? Yeah we got Step, finesse Step. Okay. Yeah Remix Shake that as How'd y'all connect? She just, You know we just hit You know You hard. You hard And then You know we let's do one. Y'all record? Y'all record together? Nah, we wasn't together. It was sent, we sent it through. Okay, Okay. We sent it through. Y'all met each other before though? Yeah, We met each other at shows like two, three times That my dog You be extra fresh when she come around don't you? Man I be fresh all the time. All time. Why Blushing that my dog.


Why you Blushing Dog With show? We gonna get a visual for shaking that ass twerk on the remix. We going we gonna get a visual for that. Oh We playing on it. That song's so old bro. But It's still ringing. Yeah, Like It do Good. We'll shoot video There. That's the only thing that you probably got to, You know, stay focused on is the, the, the ladies. 'cause it's a lot of, they see you getting all of this money you out every night. And I know they on you heavy that that's probably your biggest distraction right now. Nah, Nah he started blessing when we bought up Gorilla though. Nah, when you getting up for Christmas? You said what?


I'm Getting you getting Glo for Christmas, You know? Yeah You know on that I don on as Steps. She said she on C eight. Okay, Okay. Nah boy Blow So funny Though. Alright, we got more with Boss Man. Dilo, when we come back it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. We are The Breakfast Club boss man. Dilo was in the building. His album is out right now. Now when you put out your first single Yeah. Did you feel like, 'cause at one time they'd be like, ah, he got one record. Do you have any pressure? Be like, damn they gonna think I'm gonna one hit one, I gotta come back with a second record. 'cause at one that, that one record was rocking for a long ass time. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then I kind of, you broke through that with a couple other records after that. But at first was that pressure on you be like, I gotta make another one. I mean I didn't really, I don't know.


'cause I just like, I already had, I guess my goal was kind of a little too small of what I thought I was going to get out of this. So when I, when the one song did what it did, I'm like, well I'm gonna make some more. But if I'm one here Wonder i I be cool That Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I I ain't had nothing. Yeah. So when it kept going I'm like dang, And TikTok really, really blew that up. Get in with me. Yeah. You know. So do you feel like without TikTok it wouldn't have blew as quick as it did? It wouldn't have been. Nah, No. Definitely not. Yeah. Not without TikTok. TikTok catch your song. You, you gone, you gone. Do you rap with that in mind? Like saying little catchy or you write differently? 'cause You know TikTok is all about what them kids something. They just need one catchy part.


Yeah. Yeah. And then that will go up. Yeah. Yeah. Is that how you, you keep in mind That not really TikTok, but I just was always thinking that when I just started rapping, like anyway even, well two nine 2019 I rap, I was rapping differently. I was rapping kind of for like what I wanted to hear and what my do want to hear. But then I started to really understand like, you can't, you gotta rap man. It's, it is a billion people out here, but you can't rap for 20 Mother. You know what I'm saying? That's that's right. So once I figured that out, I just started like, okay, what would people want to say? What would people be in the club wanting to say? And You know when when they turn they on that drink and they feeling good. You know what I'm saying? That's, that's how I started Rapper. I think it's the melodies though, because them kids on TikTok don't know what the hell you talking about when you say I take a seven make it 20 and And I make it 21.


You, you just Say it though. You Just gotta say it crazy. Some of Them know, You know, you think they know what he talking about. Some of them I don't even know what he talking about. I ain't gonna lie. I just know he got something to do with something. Dope. He was born in 1978. You don't Know. I ain't gonna lie. They have babies at my shows, bro. Like, literally What you mean babies? Like They 2, 3, 5 singing the shows. Yeah. Why? I don't know TikTok Trinity, But they turn up, they know the music. Like they literally know the music. He barely can talk. He talking about bza. Do they charge him? I was raised saying much of the Baby ticket. Hope. That's a good question. That's A good question. That'll be crazy. That's, that sounds like a, a charge waiting to happen. You got three and four year olds in the club.


Hey it is age event. Yeah, I saw a tweet that said I like boss man D Lo 'cause he don't talk too much about killing. He just pop shit about being fresh and getting money. What, what do you think when you hear, when you see posts like that? I kind of love posts like that. 'cause that's the whole vision from the beginning. Like that's all, You know what I'm saying? That kind of all was out like bro we just steady killing each other bro. Like it don't even make no sense no more like to the point where it's like it is dumb 'cause ain't nobody even getting no money that's right behind or nothing. You know what I'm saying? So just trying to change it up bro. Now Florida, have you moved outta Florida or you still live in Florida? I still in Florida Now. Do you or do you, does that scare you? Bother you worry about, 'cause You know usually when people get into trouble or they get robbed or You know, it's usually their home team, their home, You know, hometown that day usually comes from.


Does that bother you For you? Oh no. I don I don I don't stand my hometown. It ain't 'cause like Rob or nothing, but like police don't like me, I don't like them. You know what I'm saying? We don't have a lot of words. So. Well they feel like you got away. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And made it what made it. Yeah. So anytime I come around there, they going to do it to me. They, I'm going to jail for a damn seed, whatever. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Harassing. Yeah. You, you got a record called Finesse and there's a line where you say I can teach finesse and I'm about my check. Yeah. And I And I bring that up 'cause we, we saw Vlad TV post, well Vlad Post he accused you and manager of attempting to scam him.


Yeah. And then he later took back the statement. What was the, what was the conversation that led to the, I guess the misunderstanding between You? That's what I'm saying. I don't know. You know, it's, it's all kind of going on on the internet where somebody might be acting like they my manager and dropping a number and then people fall for it. Like you don't, You know what I'm saying? My manager is in my bio as you listen to somebody talking about Tommy is I'm Delo manager. That ain't, that ain't what my bio say. You know what I'm saying? So then you been up, sent your money, just watch sending money anywhere, which You know that's not how you do business. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, That's what he said. He sent the money to somebody claiming to, to be your manager.


But then he did publicly apologize. Yeah. And said that we don't, bro, I don't scam. I, I don, I ain't, I don't do sis thing. You just said you broke somebody house. 'cause I did. I used to. I did, I did. I did. But You know that was unsung. I'm a kid. I'm just doing what I need to do, thinking about some money, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. As you, You know, I got older. It is like, I don't, I don't do psychy things to people just for my blessings. It ain't 'cause I want you to say I'm real, you feel because I, I know how I'm, I'm gonna get blessed for being real. You feel That's how I, that's how I work. And you was on, you was on Clubhouse and you had said Tia Kemp was in your dms trying to smash.


But then she had said, nah, I ain't, you was in, you was trying to get a full video and she said she got receipts. What video was that? I don't, I ain't, I don't even know nothing. I never knew nothing about no clubhouse. I never been on that app. Nothing. Okay. That's why I don't, Yeah. I Don't know. Never, never been on Clubhouse. Never. Okay. I don you answered that. Like, I don't know what you talking about this officer. I don, I Don't, I don, I Was Ain't Because I heard that but I never, I was like, I don't even have a clubhouse. I don't know what the fuck I don, You know, don't do all that gossip And I barely be on it. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah. You Know t ke they were telling me I need to go live and You know what I'm saying?


Do You know her though? You know Tia Kemp? Huh? You know Tia? Yeah, I know her. Oh, okay. Y'all ain't never had no words like back and forth you was trying to smash and she, that's, that was the story. Hell nah, nah. Oh Hell nah. Okay. She lick them teeth that over on. It ain't never get you. Yeah. Boy, I don, You know we ain't never, we ain't never tried. I don't, man, I don't know her like that man. We ain't never, I don't know what she got going on. Got you man. I saw a video that I think could be a valuable lesson to a lot of young brothers, man. Especially brothers coming up making money. It, it said it showed you allegedly getting your money and jewelry stolen by a woman while you were asleep. How? How's that experience influenced the way you move now I mock No, that's right.


That's a great answer. Yeah yo, great answer for sure. What do you say to people who tell you that you need to switch up your flow? Because that's why you say they want you to sound like Kendrick Lamar. Yeah, they would sound like Kendrick. He want me to sound like they wouldn't be lyrical. You know what I'm saying? Man, I ain't finna do all that thinking man. We trying to turn up man. Alright. Damn. Get high and turn up. This, this mad lyrical Florida rappers though. Trick daddy. Historically lyrical Rick Ross Kodak. Yeah. You don't think so? I mean, like them boys, real artists. I just don't call that lyrical. Yeah, don't think too much. Listen, listen to me.


They good? Yeah, but it ain't like you really thinking like how Lil Wayne had you. Nah, Them guys could rap them guys. I just name Lyric that's lyrical. That's what I think. Like Lil Wayne, Kendrick like them. That's lyrical people. Yo don't They? Kodak lyrical, Rick Ross, Kodak, Daddy, Kodak, they lyrical. KOD lyrical, but not to a certain, You know what I'm saying? Not He's saying they got lyrics but they Not, yeah, they have lyrics lyrical, but not the type content. Like lyrical is where you literally like every bar you, You know what I'm saying? Like how they, You gotta think about it. You can dissect it, it could meet. Yeah. I feel You. I saw another photo. They say it was of you. They say you, you was in church with your family and the internet was calling you a preacher's kid. And I'm like, well what's wrong with that? I got my daddy.


He, The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola company,


The holidays are here and it's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. The reason I love this so much is because it is the holidays and there's things that I've had family members and friends ask me for throughout the year that I simply would not give them the money to get, but I will get them the actual items. So whether it's laptops, hair steamers, dining sets, makeup, better wigs for Lauren LaRosa, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. Amazon Last minute deals are here. Shop last minute deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of AppleLink Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field. Or even look at the switch things up. Add find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


Be merry, be bright, be loved. This holiday season with sparkling holiday gifts from Pandora jewelry, bring the sparkle to Black Friday with Pandora jewelry from November 16th through December 3rd. Receive 30% off storewide, handpicked, and ready to wrap, wear and love. Select from a wide range of possibilities for personalization. From festive charms with vibrant popups of color, shimmering rings and earrings designed to dazzle, to radiant bracelets and necklaces shining in a mix of luminous metals. Pandora has something special for everyone on your holiday list. Shop Pandora jewelry today and save 30% off some exclusions Apply.


He, he, He became a preacher when I was like 14, 15. Like I'm in the streets by then. So he was how he was, he changed his lives. Know he appreciate what what y'all want him to be a killer. Like I don't listen to that. The internet down around me. I they hate, I keep going. You know what I'm saying? It probably you, you never know. Your daddy Pres might be the reason you in the position you in right now. You, That's why we getting all these blessing, we getting more chicken. It is simple. They, they talking. I'm getting chicken What I'm saying boss man dlo man Dlo out now Pick it up. And we appreciate you for joining us, brother. I Appreciate you Boss Man.


Dlo is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to just with the mess Music. Jessica, Robin Moore just don't do no lying. She don't spell nobody worldwide. Jess worldwide mess on The Breakfast Club. She's the cultureship. She Was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get You to see. It's time to set it door. Okay. So maybe these are people that you and Envy don't know, but I know these people And I wanna give the update on what's going on with them. Megan Fox and MGK reported Lee broke up over Thanksgiving while they were in Col, Colorado together.


The thing is, Megan just announced that she was pregnant by him and that when, You know, when she did that, maybe y'all did see that. 'cause that made all the blogs. They're that scary ass maternity shoot where it looked like she was expecting Chucky or Annabell or something like that. But You know how they get down, they get down like that, right? Everything is a little dark. So what happened was Megan went through his phone. I didn't even know white people did that. You know, they going through phones and stuff like that. You know that? No. Oh, okay. Uhuh. I had a lot of white friends in high school. I ain't never seen nobody go through no white phone. But she went through his phone and she saw stuff that, You know, she didn't like. Basically he's cheating and she asked him to leave. She asked him to leave early and so he did leave and they haven't seen each other since then. Haven't been any reports of them even talking or whatever. But who He was on the phone with Clarissa Shields. Definitely not, you don't stop That.


Oh, definitely not. Don't stop that. That's not her type. That's stop that Bullhead big hat is Clarissa type stupid. You know what I'm saying? That's it. They, so he was, it, it never, it never came out who he was texting or anything like that or any specifics on who he was cheating with. But he was cheating. Okay. So TMZ caught up with her ex-husband And I thought that she was married to mgk but she wasn't. He proposed to her in 2020 but never got married. Y'all remember when they did that thing where they drunk each other's blood and all that time They put each other's fingers. Yeah. Yeah. So they got engaged, but they never got married. I thought that they did get married, but they caught up with her ex-husband, Brian Austin Green, known as BAG, who Megan also shares kids with.


And they asked what he thought about the breakup. I didn't even Know. You didn't know? No, I had no idea. So apparently she found something on his phone that was inappropriate and they were on vacation, he left. And a lot of people think that they should be done for good. He's in his thirties, isn't he? Yeah, he's in his thirties. I does he cheat on her a lot. I I have no idea. But in your thirties, like grow up like, You know, she's pregnant. I just, I just want the best for her. I want the best for the baby. I want the best for our kids. That's a shame. I'm heartbroken about it. 'cause I know she's been so excited and the kids are so excited for Yeah. For life and the change and all of that. And I I mean he's around your kids.


Does it make you feel any better that, that he might be out of a Picture? I, no, nothing about it makes me feel any better. Yeah, man. So he, he didn't know anything about it, but clearly he was huffing and puffing all over the place and he called as soon as he got in the call, probably drop On a clue bump for David Silver. For Who? David Silver. Who? I That's who that was. That was BAG. That's Brian Austin Green. Yeah, He played David Silver on 9 0 2 1. Oh, Okay. Knew that. Yeah. All right. Moving on My era, You know, 19 90, 78. Moving on. I'm gonna need litigious Lauren for this one. So Dirk, his bond was denied yesterday on December 12th. Litigious Lauren. Yeah. You call lil She she coming in litigious Lauren is what I call her, You know? Yeah. And he was trying to come home until his trial starts for the current murder for higher charge.


That one is connected to the King Vaughn killing. And I wanted to know, I know you got details on this or whatever. He was a whole community. Well he is a whole community leader in Chicago. So why was the bail denied? So the, I just wanna make sure that we clarify it. It's in connection to the King Von killing, but specifically it was Kwando, Ron's cousin that got killed, but it was in retaliation for King Von. That's why you're here. Yeah. I just wanted to make sure, You know, I don't, I don my That's alright. Alright. But yeah, so basically yesterday his bond was denied and he was, as you said, he was trying to come home. Now normally, like with, with stuff like this, they'll give you the option to come home, wait it out or whatever.


Especially because like you said, he's been doing so many good things. Yeah. Literally up until like the, the month before he was locked up, but Right, right. When everything happened, y'all remember there was like all those fights that they were saying that he had booked. Yeah. So they were trying to say that he was a fight risk. So I think that played a part in it as well too. And it was denied by a federal judge, but his Dirk's attorney proposed a $3.3 million bond package to try and get him outta there. Mm. So if I know you, I remember you broke down all the Diddy stuff or whatever, right? I didn't even know that courts be like all in it. Well I knew to a certain extent they be in your money and they know to prove like where it comes from. How does that work for Dirk? Like where would this come from for him? So For Dirk, he was gonna do $2.3 million from the equity of his homes.


You know how people put up properties? Yep. Yep. Two of the homes that he has in Georgia. And then a million of it was actually gonna come from his label Sony music. But they don't have to do it anymore because it was denied. Hmm. Now Dirk's attorney did submit a statement trying to talk about the accomplishments and things that he had done in addition to this. It didn't work. But Dirk's attorney is saying that, You know, Dirk is, they're disappointed, but he's so confident and very optimistic and they're gonna keep fighting. So I'm Sure they're Not gonna get a bond for murder. Murder they usually don't give a bond for. That's Very difficult. And didn't he just have like another charge? I saw something and it was like the same same one that he got. How is he like, he, he can't even come home for, There's two murder for hire charges, right? Yeah. Two of them, Right? Yeah. Well, okay, so let's clarify. It's not two murder for hire charges. It's one murder for hire charge.


He was mentioned in documents in a recently unsealed indictment for murder for hire. But he hasn't officially been charged yet. So the the second one that just happened, that just happened yesterday. So that's a good catch. It's in relation to his brother. So remember his brother was shot and killed. D dang. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. D dang. So basically what they're alleging is that Dirk sanctioned that the killing of a guy named Stefan Mack. Stefan Mack is a part of this gang called the Gang of Disciples. And they have something to do with the killing of allegedly has something to do with the killing of his brother, Dirk's brother. Right. So because he sanctioned it and they're trying to say that he, You know, threw money out or whatever, resourced it. They're trying to get him on that part of it. But again, he's not actually charged yet. It probably will happen soon. Did reach out to the attorney this morning.


They probably like, why she blowing us up so early? Okay. Outreach. Because yesterday I fell asleep so I couldn't do it yesterday Okay. After work. But I did reach out because I'm trying to figure out like, You know, what's their plan here in the second one, if he is charged, are they even gonna ask for a bond? Okay. Or Whatever. When he always do that little lasso thing, I'm like, no, we dwindling down. That's, that's Gonna be difficult to prove, right? Because that's, that's hard. Unless somebody, that actual person that actually did the murder said the money came from here. Yeah. So that's gonna be very, very difficult to prove. So we'll see how It happens. Only one thing to do now Dirk, tell us what You know about Diddy. Alright? That's all this boils down to. That's what the, what You know about did everything doesn't go back. What do You know about Sean? Dirk? Everything though.


Everything doesn't go back Friday home, yo. Okay. Okay. It's time to wrap it up. That's Justin with the matter period. How Many shots you had this morning, Lauren? First Of all, why you all in Arvis? Why You know Bus? You know which one of y'all are telling us what You know about Diddy person? Have you ever been to a Guinea party? Lauren? Have you ever been there something that you wanna tell us? Lauren? I been Told y'all I went And I don't know nothing. Wow. Now you went, you did Go. I'm going back out. I gotta go. Yeah. Theni is over Charlamagne John Kennedy today. Who you giving that down too? I need you to get my xFi music ready And I need a White House National Security Communications advisor, John Kirby to come to the front of the congregation.


We would like to have a world with him. Okay? We are currently being invaded by UFOs and nobody seems to care. We'll discuss UFOs. Oh my God. We'll discuss. Oh my goodness. Hell, here he goes. Gimme a shot now gimme a shot. The Breakfast Club. Good morning Donkey. Up to today. Damn he haw again. It's time for donkey of the I ain't trying to be donkey today no more. They should be embarrassed by what they already did. I didn't. I'm not making these people do these things called Donkey of the Day and it really caught me off guard. Damn Shalam man. Who got the donkey of the day Today? Well, Jess, Larry, it's donkey today for Friday December 13th. Oh my good. It's Friday the 13th.


Friday the 13th it Friday the 13. It goes to White House National Security Communications advisor John Kirby. Listen man, if I had a tin foil chey mask on, if I had a tin foil poy mask, gotta put it on right now. Do we have the X-Files music put my X-Files music on? No, there is something happening in our country right now that nobody seems to be properly paying attention to. You know the the black mothership, which we call The Breakfast Club Studio. We're in New York, but we live in New Jersey. I live in New Jersey and right now everybody is seeing these drones and I'm putting drones in parentheses. I'm doing my air quotes right now. These drones, okay? Not just the little small drones that drop off packages. These drones that are SUV sized are just flying all over New Jersey.


Okay? I saw one myself. I was laying in bed about a week ago and my wife said, what is that? And I said, it's a plane. She said that don't look like no plane. And I said, it's too big to be a drone. And it had lights on it and it just flew by. This was on or around December 3rd. And since then, these SUV sized drones have been seen all over New Jersey. It was on the front page of the New York Post yesterday. People are online showing videos of them. You can see 'em clear as day. Yesterday the New Jersey Division of Fire Safety sent out an intelligence bulletin that said if you see one of these downed or landed drones, it should not be approached and to contact law enforcement. Now I agree if A SUV sized anything, okay, falls outta the sky or land somewhere, I'm not approaching it because I don't wanna deal with whatever is in it.


But yesterday, white House National Security communications advisor, John Kirby had the audacity, the unmitigated gall to say that the mysterious SUV sized drone spotted flying over Jersey are actually manned aircraft. But we shouldn't be worried about it. I can't make this up. Let's listen. We have no evidence at this time that the reported drone sightings pose a national security or a public safety threat or have a foreign nexus. The Department of Homeland Security and the FBI are investigating these sightings and they're working closely with state and local law enforcement to provide resources using numerous detection methods to better understand their origin.


Upon review of available imagery, it appears that many of the reported sightings are actually manned aircraft that are being operated lawfully You. So extra charlamagne. So SUV sized drones are flying over New Jersey and they are manned people just driving Escalades and suburbans over New Jersey. And that's okay. We shouldn't even be concerned about it. We shouldn't be concerned about that because why? They aren't drones. There are people inside of them. Why are we acting like this is totally normal? What has become of us as a people that SUV sized drones can be flying over us and we don't care. We will get online and believe every conspiracy theory, believe every story presented to us about a celebrity or anything.


But there's a real live conspiracy happening right now and we don't care. SUV sized drones flying over jersey that are manned and we talking about Remy and Pappus and Clarissa Shields. Donald Trump speaking of Trump, and this is where the common sense purists in me kicks in. Okay? I am a conspiracy theorist, but I'm also a common sense purist And I listen to a lot of things. First I wanna connect some dots here because they are connected, okay? When Donald Trump was on the Joe Rogan podcast, they had a conversation about aliens. Hmm. Not the ones Trump wants to deport. Okay? The ones from other planets. Let's listen. There's a lot of interest in it. One of the Things that I'm Very, there's a lot of interest in the people coming from space, You know?


Yes. And I know you're interested in that too. Oh, I'm very interested in that. How much did they tell you about that? A lot. Really? Yeah. What'd they tell you? Well, it's never been my thing. I have to be honest, I, I have never been a believer. I have people that area 51 or whatever it is. I think it's said number one, tourist attraction in the whole country or something. Area 51 in Las Vegas. Do You know that? Right? Sure, I know what it is. So anyway, but it's a big tourist site. So I interviewed jet pilots that say they saw something and they said we saw things Sarah, that were, were very strange, like a round ball, but it wasn't a comet or a meteor, it was something. And it was going four times faster than an F 22, which is a very fast plant.


You know, That's dot one now was Donald Trump on Joe Rogan, but there's a man named Cliff High. You should Google Cliff High. He was a researcher known for developing a technique called a technique called Predictive linguistics, which involves analyzing internet data to predict future events. And based off that conversation with President Trump and Joe Rogan, he predicted a future event. Let's listen. But what we do have some justification for suggesting is that there will be 39 days between the temporal marker of the Trump interview and the appearance of this visible contention. It's the visible contention space aliens. Okay? So like no heaven sort of very complex kind of independence day kind of right?


Nobody will know who the hell is doing what with whom now. So anyway, now we have a strange thing where there's swarms of 20 foot drones flying around military bases so unknown. Nobody knows who owns these drones, who's controlling them. At least they're not telling us guys. Now, my whole life, one plus one has equal two. But then I heard Terrance Howard on Joe Rogan and regardless of what he thinks about Mav, one plus one still equals two. Trump and Rogan had this conversation, cliff High, who previously predicted the 2004 Indonesian tsunami, stated that an alien invasion will be triggered 39 days after Trump's appearance on Joe Rogan. Trump's interview took place on October 25th, 2004, marking the start of the countdown.


We first started seeing these SUV sized drones on December 3rd. Either we are in the midst of one of the greatest social experience experiments of all time. One of the greatest pranks of all time. Or we be intubated by aliens. Okay? According to Cliff High, the alien invasion will involve air battles between UFOs and military forces with UFOs even engaging in combat among themselves. Listen, I don't know what's happening. I just know that White House national security communications advisor John Kirby is telling us these SUV sized drones are manned aircraft. It's not one, it's not two, it's not several, it's a lot of them. One of my peoples in Jersey sent me a video last night of eight of them over her neighborhood. If this is manned aircraft, then who's manned? Is this? Okay, who are these men?


Are they little and green? And why are we okay with what's happening? Kirby? Your statement didn't answer any questions for me it raised even more because I'm a common sense purist. This is what happens when they keep us looking down at our phones. We are slaves to the lies that our smartphones tell us. And it causes us to ignore the realities all around us. You can call people like Cliff High crazy, you can call him a conspiracy theorist, but I don't see it being a coincidence that he predicted an alien invasion would happen 39 days after Trump's appearance on Joe Rogan when they was on there talking about the aliens, and then all of a sudden flying SUVs all over New Jersey. Why are they just flying over our residential areas? What if they crash into our houses? What's the mission? Is this even lawful?


Why wasn't the public informed about these operations ahead of time? Look man, American government, it's okay to be honest with the American people just admit either you don't know what's going on up there. All you do, and it's not something you want us to know about because all black Twitter gonna do is make jokes anyway, okay? The American people not gonna care unless you tell us it's the Kardashians and Taylor Swift up there driving one of those SUV sized drones. Look, we can avoid reality, but you cannot avoid the consequences of avoiding reality. I don't know what reality currently is And I don't know what the consequences of avoiding it will be, but I just want us to be aware of what our current reality truly is. Please give White House national security communications advisor John Kirby, the biggest chaw.


Don't act like that was hard to follow. It was simple and plain. You scared of what you Just, I wanna know. You just gonna be the nigga the day you die. Huh? I I'm gonna be What? After, after. You should be scared too. No, no, no, no, no. I, I am scared of people on this earth. I'm more scared of humans than aliens. I feel like, You know, maybe they come in to help us with groceries. I Don't, I I just wanna know. But you say you human, you say you afraid of the humans on earth. Who are these? Who are these? We don't know if these are humans. Who are these? What if they are humans and they just flying around Jersey? So you don't think the government know who's flying around? And that's My point. I just said that. Why didn't they, why didn't they inform us of this?


I'm sure beforehand, But let me ask you a question. What's gonna wind up happening is, is people in Jersey are licensed, they can carry guns now in Jersey, right? They gonna start shooting, shooting, shoot an an Alien. I said that when I saw it the other night, but I'm like, now that I know that they SUV size, I gotta get bigger weapons. Shotgun. Hey shotgun gotta get Bigger weapons. They upgrade it. I gotta get bigger weapons. Yeah, Because 'cause if they come riding, why can't you shoot 'em down? Right. And then, but because they on your pro, well kind of on your like over your property. Yeah, I'm Scared. And You know how I know the government don't know what the hell's going on. Huh? Why wouldn't they inform the people beforehand? They know we got eyes. They think we that locked into our phones that we always constantly looking Down. But they also know that Pap and Remy got all this going on.


They know that the stuff going on with Diddy so they know that we we in that. Oh, So you get the government set this up to, You know what I'm kick people off their trail? Yes. And then why would they say, why would they say, oh don't approach it, call the police. What the hell the police gonna do? They people just like us. You right, I'm telling you. Go Ahead. All right. And I probably, You know, You got pictures of it. I might see it on Alien B The drones. Yeah. I been showed you that. It was on the front page of the New York Post yesterday. I wasn't, it was. I was thinking about Remy and Pap yesterday. We Need some new types of people down here. Anyway, we see what's going on. We got enough aliens. That's why we gotta have the math deportation. Oh my God. Alright, when we come back, will be joining us. Ryan Deportation. Now Ryan Destiny's playing Clarissa's Shields in the fire inside, which comes out December 25th.


We're gonna talk to her next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning Lord. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. She's been all over the news the last couple of days. Ladies and gentlemen. Clarissa Shields. Kidding, kidding. I'm just Kidding. She's actually playing. Clarissa Shields in the new film. The Fire Inside, which comes out Christmas Day ladies and gentlemen, we have Ryan Destiny. Welcome. Good morning. Good. How are, how you feeling? I'm feeling good. How long ago did y'all film the fire inside? That was in 2022. Okay. Wow. We started to film in 2020 right before the pandemic, but then we got shut down and then all that stuff, the rider Strike as well with 2022.


So we popped back in 2022. Were you Boxing? Oh my back. I'm sorry. Were you boxer, were you a boxer or were you training? Did you, so you had to learn boxing? Yes. Yeah. How difficult was that? Because I seen the preview. Yeah. And I'm like, Jesus, you it's, And when Clarissa was here, she said that was the thing that, that had to be on point the most of boxing. Yes, Absolutely. Yeah. It was very nerve wracking. But it was, it was a lot. I think just because I wasn't a boxer or just an athlete in general, like that wasn't my thing, but, but I think it was, it was good because I was a little scared and that that helped just me go for it even more, You know? And I trained for months with my boxing coach. And did you have to to call He like, he was like textbook boxing coach.


I sparred a little, but also we had the studio being like, don't hurt her. So it was also just them not wanting me to actually get hurt. But So you think you got hands in real life or just on friends? I, Everyone keeps asking me that. I really don't know y'all. I feel like, I think you get into a fight. Yeah. Like, well I mean you Clarissa now, so Right. Remy Ma might run down on you. Right. In New York you And I feel like everything will just like disappear if I actually had to get into it. Fight. Yeah. So I don know, we'll see disappear. We'll not see like you would run or you, or you would just get into like, I just feel like you go blank. Yeah. Like, You know, like, I don't know becauses. Just, just That there's a role to you. This is not what you wanna do.


Yeah, you don't Wanna box. Yeah. Yeah. Like if it's on camera for sure. But outside of that, I don't know. I don't, I don't do this. Have you Ever been in a fight in real life? No. Never. No, never. And that was one of the first things Cressa asked me and she was like, have you ever been in a real fight? I'm like, girl, no, absolutely not. That's not me. And that scared her a little bit at first, but after she actually saw, she cried all the, all the things and was really happy. So how did you get that? Did you, you auditioned for that or they just picked you? Oh my god, no. Okay. It was an audition process like anything else. And they saw so many people And I knew it was gonna be con competitive just because the story itself is incredible. And also the people behind it are really great.


So yeah, it was just like the regular, regular thing. And I didn't think I was gonna get it when I went into it, which I think helped 'cause I didn't overthink everything. Yeah. You know how I usually do. So Was it tougher to prepare for the role mentally, physically, or emotionally? 'cause if You know anything about Clarissa's life, she had a very, very, very rough Yeah. So mentally, physically, or emotionally, what was tough? It was all of it. Wow. It was all very, very new and different for me. And just a challenge across the board, which I liked. You know, I wanted that, I wanted something that would push me and You know, do something that I've never done before. Have people see me in a different light. That was something that was very important to me. But mentally I think that was something that I had to really hone down on because having the confidence of an athlete is just a whole nother beast that I don't think a lot of people think about.


And then having the confidence of a boxer is another level, You know? So I just wanted to make sure I could grasp that because she's just super human to me, You know? So yeah, all of the things were, were very, very difficult mentally. I think that was probably the most, if I had to choose. So how Was Clarissa during the, the filming? 'cause she's very intense. Yeah. And when she was up here, she, You know, she talked about how she wanted to be perfect like her life, right? So how was she when, You know, was she easy to talk to and say, well how was your life during this? Yeah, she was very easy to talk to and she was a really open book with me, which I appreciated a lot. There's also a documentary about her life That's incredible. And it was like my notebook, my bible on set, You know, I, I referred back to that so many times and it was so helpful because it's just so raw and it's a front row seat into how she is with her family, her friends with her coach Jason.


And it was so great to pick up on those things. 'cause it's one thing to talk to her as she is now and how old she is now, but she was kind of a different person too, a little bit at 16, 17, You know, so to have that was something that I definitely went back to and, and was really helpful for me. Was she on set a lot? No, it was also still pandemic times, but she was also training, I think in that time also in another country. So it was, it was a lot of things happening, but no, she didn't actually go. How tough was it to release the, the, the spirit of Clarissa Shield, so to speak? Not too tough, I think. Think it's still in me a little bit, but You know, in a good way. You know, I think I've walked away from these, from this experiment with just a new confidence in myself that I don't think I had when I entered it.


Mm. You know, And I, And I think that I have heard a thank for that. You know, she is somebody that really speaks life into you and also speaks life into herself. And I thought that that was something that I needed to have and to take. And I think that that's stayed with me and stuck with me, which I'm, I'm really happy about. What, what is? 'cause I know you love music too. You are a singer. What, what do you like most? Acting or singing? I Can't


chew. The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola, copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola company,


The holidays are here. And it's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. The reason I love this so much is because it is the holidays and there's things that I've had family members and friends ask me for throughout the year that I simply would not give them the money to get, but I will get them the actual items. So whether it's laptops, hair steamers, dining sets, makeup, better wigs for Lauren LaRosa, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. Amazon Last minute deals are here. Shop last minute deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent All-Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


Be merry, be bright, be loved. This holiday season with sparkling holiday gifts from Pandora jewelry, bring the sparkle to Black Friday with Pandora jewelry from November 16th through December 3rd. Received 30% off storewide, handpicked, and ready to wrap. Wear and love select from a wide range of possibilities for personalization. From festive charms with vibrant pops of color, shimmering rings and earrings designed to dazzle, to radiant bracelets and necklaces shining in a mix of luminous metals. Pandora has something special for everyone on your holiday list. Shop Pandora jewelry today and save 30% off some exclusion supply.


No, I really cannot choose. I really love both and they both have a sense of freedom that I really appreciate and just the creativity that I get to have with both of them and, and being able to push myself. It's very different. They're in two different worlds in my mind, but I really do appreciate both. So hopefully if I'm blessed enough to be able to continue to do both, I would, I would love to do that. So we'll see. Yeah, Because you got, you got in some music 'cause of your dad, right? My dad is a singer. Yeah. And he started when I was, You know, I mean he started way before I was born, but I was in the studio with him when I was a baby and all those things. So he definitely inspired me. I don't remember the group he was in And I'm, I'm, I'm old.


I was born in 1,978. Okay. I don't remember guess I'm not the Old, You remember. Guess I don't, I don't remember guests. What were their songs? You gotta, you gotta look up guests. They had a song called Shoey and a good, a few good other ones too, but You know, they didn't like have a big, big moment, You know, so, okay. Yes. It was also, I think he started at Warner Bros. And then went to Death Row and that's just a weird transition too. And when, I think that was like their first time signing singers I think Did They went to Death Row. Yeah. Okay. And I think it was right before everything happened with Tupac and Biggie, so it was not the greatest timing. Oh. They Put out RB music during that time, I'm Sure. Yeah. And things kind of went a little left with Suge and everything, but it was, it was a great, great great group and he's so, so talented.


He's still singing and doing his thing today, so I'm proud of him. And how are you and Keith, I know y'all were dating and then it was rumor, speculating that y'all broke up because y'all took down each other's pictures and things and We love y'all. We love y'all. So what is the status with that now? We're really good. We're great. Yeah. And we support each other so, so much in, in what we're doing and You know, the industry is just crazy so it's nice to separate the two, You know, so, so I was Just a little bump in the road that y'all Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Now 'cause we get scared of stuff like that. We love y'all so thank you. And I mean we as in like, not them. Yeah, yeah. The girls, You know, people my age because they little Old. Yeah. I don't even know what you're talking about. Exactly. Yeah, that's why it was my question.


Okay, thank you. Alright, We have more with Ryan Destiny when we come back. She's playing Clarissa Shield in the new movie, the Fire Inside. We'll talk to us some more when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It it's Djj Envy, Jess, hilarious Charlamagne the Guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Ryan Destiny. She's playing Clarissa Shields in the new movie, the Fire Inside Charlamagne. How Much has your life changed over the last five or six years, though? Like, You know, with the success you had with Star, like, and, and You know, every, everybody wants to star a movie. We'll talk about that in a second. Yeah. But how much has your life changed over the last five or six years? It's funny 'cause, I mean, I started the process of the movie five years ago, so it's just been, it's just been a lot of ebb and flows.


I think, You know, the pandemic has changed the industry a lot and it's changed the way that I have seen myself in it and having to maneuver how I, how I go about things, if that makes sense. So it's definitely something that I, I've grown from and I'm starting to just realize what's most important And I have to remind myself of that a lot just because I think you can get caught up in just all of the noise and, and what you should be getting or what you haven't gotten yet. And so I think I'm just trying to go with my gut and continue to do things that I'm really proud of because with this project it's probably the most proud that I've been of something And I really want to continue to feel that way.


So I'm just letting that sort of guide me more than anything else. Did you hear when Clarissa was up here, when she was saying at first she didn't think you were good for the part, but then after I guess meeting with you and seeing, she was like, oh, you were the only person that can play that part. Yeah. So how did you feel when you heard her say that? I mean, I heard it before, You know, she, she was very vocal with me when we first started talking. She thought, She told you like, I don't want you to play me. Couldn't say nothing. She's gonna catch some hands. That's crazy. She was just like, oh, she's really pretty. You know, didn't really know what else could, You know, come from that. And I respected it, You know, there's not like, there's this big amount of work that I have out there that showcases that side of me. This is the first of that.


So I understood it And I knew that I was just gonna work, work just really, really hard on, on making sure that I, I executed it, You know, to the best of my ability. And hopefully I did that. And her crying solidified that she approved. So I, I think that I'm very, very happy with it all now. But Was she closed off at first though? Was she closed off? Like, I really don't want her playing it and then it kind of, she kind of broke down and was like, oh, she really is dope. I mean maybe, maybe to Rachel, our director or maybe Barry. I don't know. I don't know who she was, You know, vocal about that really all the way to, but she definitely, like I said, she asked me if I could fight And I knew that scared her when I said no.


So, but Did it scare you When she asked me that? Like why is she just randomly asking? I mean, no, it, you can fight. No, it was fair. You know, this is her life. This is her life story. So I, I really, I understood the caution, You know, so I didn't take offense to it, but it definitely put some pressure on me. I was like, she don't like this. It's gonna be real, real awkward. So I knew that it was, it was important. And did You know you trained before y'all started filming? Like how long did y'all train before y'all even turned the camera On? So it was a little split up. I, I did three or four months the first time and then when we shut down I had to do it all over again for three or four more months. So all in all, it was like six, seven months I think in total, which I, I appreciate looking back on.


'cause before it felt like everything was crashing down when, You know, the pandemic happened. But I think that time really helped And I, I went into weight training the second go round too and it just made me even more sharp I think. So it was good for me. Did the delays help or hurt the film? I think it helped. Okay. It helped like in so, so many ways. Even with Brian, he came in the second go round and Brian, Ty Henry. Yes. Paperboy from Atlanta. Yeah. Yeah. He's so incredible and I'm just so thankful that he wanted to do this as well. And he really was someone that was just amazing to work with and like a brother to me now. So I love him And I think that we really hit it off as soon as we met And I think it shows on the screen, which is really good.


And yeah, I'm excited for people to see that. Ryan, Do you feel like you get your just due as a young black woman in entertainment? 'cause you've been, you've been working for a while. Yeah. And you are one of them. Oh, thank you. You know what I'm saying? So do you, do you ever feel like that that you get your, your Just due? I mean I also feel like, You know, I still have so much to do, so it's a little weird. I go back and forth between, You know, wanting people to, I guess see me and, and see the work that I've done, but also I have an understanding of how there's been so many other people, You know, that have worked even longer than me and still haven't gotten there. So it's, it's a little bit back and forth for me, You know, And I just am, I guess in the head space of when it's time, it's time.


When it's your time for people to, to see you. They will. So I'm hoping with this film in particular, because it speaks to that a lot. Yeah. I think with Claressa herself and, and not getting her respect and just do and not getting her flowers when she should have Yeah. Back in 2012. So I think that it's a reflection of that. And I'm hoping that a lot of people and our people do go out to the theaters to see, 'cause even after the pandemic, I, I didn't think, I didn't think it would be as possible for me anymore to get a movie out in the theaters, You know, because streaming hit an all time high during that time and I'm like, oh man, You know, that's every actor's dream is to, to have a movie at the theater.


So things like that, I definitely, I I just put into perspective 'cause I know how much of a blessing it is and, and I'm just really grateful and thankful to be able to even say that. Charlamagne, you asked about Star. That's what you asked me For Hopeful. We get a Star movie. Star movie. So is that in The Works Star? Y'all looking at me like I have answers. I really don't know. Okay. You know, Lee Daniels is always bringing it up, bringing it up to us and, and different things that he has going on. But he has so many things going on all the time. And I don't know, I, I really, I wish I had a better answer for everybody, but I don't because We not okay with just it ending like that. Like it gotta be It did end very abruptly.


I agree. Yeah, it was very weird. Yeah. So I get it. So Who, who plays Papoose in the movie? Oh, You are stupid. Okay, nevermind. I don't even know. Like I, honestly, I don't even know what's going on. I just woke up. Better get outta your C about 2020. If I can't get the Clarissa, I'm gonna get, All we did was wake up to and it was right there. It was right There. And You know what I'm hoping that a lot of people, 'cause a lot of these blogs and everything have really picked this up. But I really hope they pick up the fact that she has an entire movie about her life. Oh Yeah. This is what she's going to feel that She, she's doing the right, I see Clarissa doing the right thing now. 'cause all she's doing is promoting the movie.


Right. Okay. Period. As she should. She knows. And I, I even hit her this morning And I told her, I said, you don't, don't, don't get distracted. Like, You know, you got a movie coming out on Christmas Day and then a lot of times when you go into that next level, you'll start seeing all of these distractions the devil start really playing with you in those moments. Absolutely. Yeah. I'm glad you, I'm glad you texted her to that. My, my last question is, is there more pressure playing a role of an actual person versus playing a character? Absolutely. Especially when they're still alive. You know, it's just like so, so much because then people also have things to compare it to and they're like, if you don't get it, they're like, well she didn't do this and she didn't do that. So yeah, there's, there's a lot more pressure.


But more than anything, I wanted her seal of approval and that, that came with a lot of pressure as well. You know, when it's other people that aren't on the earth anymore, they can't really say Come back and be like, you did wrong. You know, like you did, You did it horribly. Right. That is so funny. After Yeah. It's so that's scary. So I was definitely, I was scared at first for sure for her to see it. 'cause I thought about her every single day on set. And so, yeah, like I said, when I, when I saw the video, there's a video of her reaction to it and she was so happy with the boxing and so happy with dope. The story. And she literally cries every time she sees it now. And I just, I couldn't ask for for more.


That's all I wanted. So, so you're saying the next person biopic that you Play gotta be dead? Yeah. You hope for, you gotta be dead saying, I mean they don't have to be I don't wish that, I don't want that. You prefer, you just prefer that dead. You mess up a line like Woo, you glad you dead. Okay. Jesus Christ. Well The fire inside is up coming out Christmas day. Yes. Make sure you go see it. Well it's Ryan Destiny, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Thank You. The Breakfast Club DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's time for Pastor Ox.


Yeah DJ come spin. What's up Nyla? What's up guys? Hey Big Nyla. How Very Christmasy today? Yeah, You know Two losses is having their holiday party today so I just wanted to be in Spirit. Happy Holidays about That. Yes. And Christmas came early 'cause I don't know if y'all know this, but J Cole released the early, or not early singles, but singles that would've been on Forest Hill drives. And it's like a whole extended thing that he did a part of his audio series, which is really just podcast. But my favorite song that he released so far from there is called Judgment Day. Hard. That's hard. Hard. That's hard. Yeah, that's hard. Is he really retiring Man? I don't know. He, he said at the last Dream be Fest that that was gonna be the last dream Be Fest.


So now they're saying that this is gonna be the fifth and final dream be fest. But I would wish he don't, I feel like he's the most like relatable everyday man type rap out of like his peer group. Not to Me. To me and to a lot of people. I like Kendrick. I, I like nobody see Stop running that Kendrick got running scared. He's talking about Kendrick. Kendrick got them running scared. I don't understand that. Now they talking about retiring 'cause the boogeyman is out here acting. First of all, First of all Cole was talking about retiring before this whole Kendrick Pivotal moment. Second of all, you can like Kendrick and still feel like Cole is more related. Yeah. So I don't even know why you brought up Kendrick. He's pushing your buddies. No, no, no, no. I don know why you brought up Kendrick but I'm trying To get this man his flowers.


He's Having his, well I brought up Kendrick 'cause you said he's the most relatable outta all of them. And I said well that is subjective though because I said everyday man. Yeah that's subjective. Just 'cause he riding around on a bicycle. Okay first of all, riding around on a bicycle. It's relatable. It's relatable And there's duality to it. 'cause just as he'll ride around in a bike, he'll drive a nice car. We seen him do both. Okay. But I will say this relatable, both him and Kendrick j Cole and Kendrick both be walking around the city by themselves. This is true. Riding bikes to doing that, that stuff. So Pushups in the streets, Pushups in the street. They both on that. Okay. Well j Cole encouraged me to go to college. There you go. He inspired me to chase my dreams. Okay, nice. So that is why I feel like he is relatable to me. Are you upset that there's gonna be no more Dreamville Festival?


Yeah, I'm highly upset but I mean if this, if this is what he wants to do, then fine. I don't know if I really believe it. 'cause Jay-Z announced retirement mad times and Jay-Z has been pushing All's all quitting j Coleman doing recently. JayZ quit the rap battle. He wants to quit dreaming. Fuck night time about quitting rap. I don't like all this quitting. Is he gonna inspire you to quit next? Nah. What if he's in therapy? True. Yeah. I don't think j Cole's gonna stop. He's been doing, I Don't think he gonna stop the Dreaming Festival. I think they probably did a five year deal and he's probably gonna renegotiate. I'm hoping, I'm praying. That's what I hope. Well yeah, I'm hoping for the best too. But I feel like, You know, as a artist working in music, it's the business. So it's like maybe he got in over his head similar to the rap battle and it's like, yo, I actually don't really care about this.


Like I wanna be, I wanna be with my family, I wanna do this. I do that every time Thing get tough. No, it's not about quitting Man. What was it? What did you say earlier? It was the pivot. You know you have to, people don't change. They's pivot. Yeah. You don't have to pivoting. So I think there's nothing wrong with that. 'cause when it gets to a point in my career where I'm ready to have a family and do X, Y and Z best in belief, I'm going to pivot. Yeah. Can We pivot to the next one? I know that's right. I don wanna say one thing for, I've never been to the Dream Pool festival so I'm coming with you this year. So oh my God, I've never been And I wanna go support Him man. I've been every single one. We gonna be drunk backstage so I can't wait. All right. But I'm gonna keep it in the, in a, in a good rap caliber. So there's this artist coming out of Atlanta named Marco Plus he was dropping some loosies after he dropped this tape this year.


But everybody is is really raving about him. Ruben put me on Smino was talking about him. So I went and listened for myself. I'm a fan and the song that I'm going to share today is Real Deal Player. Tough. That's hard. I feel like he okay. I feel like he fighting to beat a little bit but yeah Say that Atlanta sounds like He from the west coast. He dope. I feel like that's kind. Yeah he don't give Atlanta a little bit. I Feel like that's the thing now though. The per Yeah. To do the whole point. Yeah. Why? I have no idea. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know but is it, that is a thing. I don't know he Snapping though. Yeah. Yeah. He don't sound like he from Atlanta though. Damn. And then I'm going to go with, I know I heard you talk about the Snoop and Dre album. This is the single I guess or Lucy that they put out to promote the project called Another Part of Me.


He sound Like Will Smith, they like Will Smith bar a little bit. Woo. I heard other stuff that sounded a lot better. Yeah, I already know I gotta take away all my expectations for this project and I'm gonna tell you why I love the West Coast sound so much and Kendrick has reintroduced like the West Coast sound like Kendrick gave us the album we wanted from him, which is like a Kendrick Lamar album with West Coast slaps. So when you hear Dre and Snoop back together, you wanna hear that And they doing an album called Missionary. I'm expecting to hear some West coast slaps. So I'm showing you Wanna hear some disrespectful stuff? Nah, it Don't gotta be disrespectful like you don't disrespectful music have West Coast slaps Called be Todd stuff. Kendrick got West Coast slaps but they not disrespectful. Right. So for me, I want to hear Dre and Snoop on that energy.


So I know I gotta remove that expectation to really appreciate whatever they're giving us. But the samples and the snippets they've been putting out didn't sound like that. They sounded like what we were talk what we're talking about Right now. Really West Cole slaps. Yeah. Okay, well alright so make sure you guys follow me on the gram if y'all like those records at Nyla Simonon, that's N-Y-L-A-S-Y-M-O-N-E-E-E-E. I'm gonna be at the j Cole concert on Monday. If you see me say what's up? You know I'm his biggest fan so we can like nerd out about the music and yeah. Is It Alright, well thank you Nyla. No Pride, big Nyla. Alright, well since Snoop and Dre came out with an album today, let's do all West Coast music. Let's play some classic Snoop, some classic Dre in the mix. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody.


It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a salute Boss man, dlo for joining us this morning. It's Lu to the good Brother Boss man. Dlo his new album. Dlo Curry is out right now. That's right. And also Ryan Destiny, who is playing Clarissa Shields and the Fire Inside movie that comes out on Christmas Please. Rim. She's just playing Clarissa. Okay. Don't see her in New York. Run down please Shut up. Yo. Okay, Ryan is back in LA when she found out that that yeah, She was out. All that stuff was going on. He said nah, I'm going. I getting right back. Clarissa. Clarissa came to New York. Yeah. Riding around in the car Pat be rapping in. That's shout out. Don't say that man. Fight. That's how You Know you gonna fight. Jesus Christ. All right. All right. When we come back we got the positive, not noting everybody is DJ Envy.


Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club caller number 10 and 11. I have bottles of Valentino born in Roma. If you're looking for the perfect gift, hit the lines right now. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. And shout out to my friends at Valentino. I need some more product. Valentino. I mean, I got a mom, I got daughters, my wife, I got family members. Please. Valentino, if you are listening, I need some more of that product. Born in Rome, perfumes by Valentino. Beauty for her. For him. For them. So why are you listening to Christmas music in the middle of the show? By my ex? No, by your ex. Chris Brown. Yes. Oh no, because You know Astoria, You know myself and Rayquan, Bakari Sellers, my man Jet and Josh.


We own a dispensary in Newark, New Jersey called Astoria. And we're doing our first annual Astoria Christmas toy drive. So you can drop off your donations by December 19th at Astoria. 7 9 9 Broad Street in Newark, New Jersey. Okay. We want your unwrapped, unwrapped, gif, You know what I mean? Just, just, just drop it off and it has to be there by December 19th. And You know, we just gonna be donating toys and donating happiness to to the beautiful kids in Newark, New Jersey. Man. There you go. That's What's up. That's what stuff. So pull up. Also pull up St. Louis, Missouri. Next weekend. Next Friday in Saturday. I'm in the Helium Comedy Club. Make sure you get your tickets. We got two shows on Friday and two shows on Saturday. So come out before Christmas and see me 'cause that's the last time you're gonna see me.


But for the new year, y'all get your tickets@jessariaofficial.com. Big Jess, not the little one hurt. Positive note. Positive note. Man. I set this earlier during Donkey today, but I wanna reiterate it. You can avoid reality, but you cannot avoid the consequences of avoiding reality. Have a blessed day Breakfast Club bitches. You I'm finished or y'all done.


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I don't care if you wanna get your people's laptops, gaming screens, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. Amazon Last minute deals are here. Shop last minute deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


Be merry, be bright, be loved. This holiday season with sparkling holiday gifts from Pandora jewelry, bring the sparkle to Black Friday with Pandora jewelry from November 16th through December 3rd. Receive 30% off storewide, handpicked, and ready to wrap, wear and love. Select from a wide range of possibilities for personalization. From festive charms with vibrant pops of color, shimmering rings and earrings designed to dazzle, to radiant bracelets and necklaces shining in a mix of luminous metals. Pandora has something special for everyone on your holiday list. Shop Pandora jewelry today and save 30% off some exclusion supply.