
Life is an act of constant reinvention. That's true for you, And for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available features compatible device service, And consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe. And legal subject to third party service availability for More information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic And weather conditions.


What's Up? It's me, Don Tover. If I could describe the open air Bud I would describe It just very seamless. It's Like you, CLIPP It onto your ear And. Then sometimes you can forget it's there, but it's not going anywhere 'cause it's Like clipped. It's kind of crazy. If I could bring my music with me wherever I go, And It. Just make life easier. And seamless without interruption. To be able to have the music on hand, Like, That, without any interruptions, would would be great. Check out bulls.com for More


This election season. The stakes are higher than ever. I. Think the choice is clear in this election. Join me, Charlamagne to God for we the people in Audio Town Hall with Vice President Kamala Harris. And. you live from Detroit, Michigan, exclusively on iHeartRadio. They'll tackle the tough questions, depressing issues in the future of our nation. We May not see eye to eye on every issue, but America, we are not going Back. Don't miss this powerful conversation with Vice President Kamala Harris. Tomorrow AT 5:00 PM Eastern, 2:00 PM Pacific. On the free iHeartRadio app, hip Hop beat station.


Curious about queer sexuality. Cruising And. Expanding your Horizons Hip play on the sex positive, And, deeply entertaining podcast, sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez And. Chris Patterson Rosso Asst. They explore queer sex cruising relationships. And culture in the new iHeartPodcasts. Sniffy Cruising Confessions. S Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden Minds And help you pursue your true goals. you can listen to Sniffy Cruising Confessions, sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday.


Do You ever wonder where your favorite foods come from? And Like. What's the history behind Bacon wrapped hotdog? Hi I. AM Eva And Goria. Hi, I AM Ma Go. Our podcast Hungry for history is Back And. This season we're taking an even bigger bite out of the most delicious food And. Its history. Seeing That. The most popular cocktail is the Margarita, followed by the mojito from Cuba. Oh And, the Pinola from Puerto Rico. Listen to Hungry for History on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Good morning. USA. Yo. Yo, yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo. Just Solaris is on maternity leave. What up, Lauren Roso. Good morning, Charlemagne. The Guy. Peace to the Planet is Monday. How y'all feel out there? I, feel blessed. Black And. Highly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners here on The Breakfast Club. What's happening? What's going on? I Am beat. I. Am tired. Me too. Why? What y'all do Oh. What you You know you was probably partying all weekend. We. Not Lauren LaRosa. LL Cool Bay Were, you know, sort of know. So, I did a surprise party for my brothers on Saturday Party know?


Yes. But Like, when it's you, when you're putting on the party, you don't really get to enjoy those much I thought. It was a baby shower. It was a baby shower. So my brother did a baby shower. And, he proposed to his girlfriend Oh. Nice. Congrat And. They had no idea. So after the baby shower, we all went. And. It was Like a surprise party dinner situation. know I. I. Wanna include bond for your brother? Who doesn't wanna be anything? Like you clearly, Jesus, First Of all, stabs Already in the morning. First of all, congratulations to him A little bit. Okay? Like, let me be great. I will say, though, being there, I was Like. I told my other brother, I'm Like. Yo, we gotta figure this out. The Next two years. If, you mean we Like because It, it's so, these are not my Like biological brothers, but I grew up with them. So of the of our circle, my brother Carmen, shout out to him.


And, his fiance, Jess. He's the first to, you know, they just bought a house. They're, they, you know, they together, he's being grown know he grown. Asst. Heck, I was Like. We walked in this house. I said, you got a garage. And. It's not Like. A parking lot. Garage a garage. Like, dude, what's his name? Carmen. S Luther. Carmen. Carmen, And. Jess, his fiance. Jessica Carmen. And Jess in life. you know, your circle is gonna have to change. you know, a thug changes change. Oh, My God, best friends become stranges. Especially when those other heathens That you around aren't, you know, moving the way. That, you moving. you know what I'm saying? Like, you can't really be around single folk. we, Who do you? Then I also, too, this weekend, I did a girls can do anything. It was a community event for young girls, ages nine through 17 with one village in Delaware.


Shout out to them. It was I. I didn't know what to expect when I got there, but those kids, It was so much fun. I didn't even wanna leave. It was so good. Dope, dope, dope, dope. So I barely have a voice, but That Bob was outside this weekend. That Bob I Need. Bob is bobbing. Shout out to Jamie Ray And. Salute to com. HBCUs I was AT Central State in Dayton, Ohio. So, salute to y'all. Good seeing y'all. I. Think this week, I'm AT, North Carolina a And. T for HBCU. And. The last night, I went to the Giants game. Central State in North Carolina. No, no, no. Central state there. Central State is in Dayton, Ohio. This week, And, next week I'm in North Carolina. But last night, I was AT the Giants game. Don't know why, but I was there. Because you are a supporter of your team. I am all right. They lost, did they? I was watching my team yesterday. Who's your team? you got a team Now, Man, Oh, my Goodness.


Cut It out. Oh. My Goodness. I was there watching him. Like. Yep. My team. Go, go Team Know. But, so know I didn't get home until about midnight, after midnight last night. So, I am beat. But let's get the show cracking. T. I. And Young drove be joining us this morning. Know they got a new single called, thank God. you know? That's right. And, young And. you know what I love about this record On this record? Young. Dr. Talks about a lot of the things That, he's been going through. you know, he had to check himself into rehab some years ago. And, he's been sober for two years. Almost three. I. Think now. Mm know. Almost three I. Believe You Know. So salute the Young Joe And. Then Gorilla will be up here hanging out with us from Charlemagne's out of context. know Conversations. If. you know, I got another series. That. I started called It, called It, called It Outta context. We, you know, I, just sit down. And have conversations with individuals.


One-on-one And, me And Gorilla Chopped It up last week. Her new album, glorious is out right now. So we'll get into That. Alright, we, Let's get the show. Crack And. We got front page News. Morgan, what'll be joining us? It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa, filling in for Jess And. Let's get in some front page news. Start off with some quick sports. Now, N-W-N-B-A to Liberty beat the links 80 to 66. Major League Baseball. The Dodgers killed the Mets last night. Nine zero. Now in NFL, the Bears beat the Jaguars. 35 16 Buccaneers beat the Saints. 51, 27. The Ravens beat the Commanders. 30 23. The Colts beat the Titans. The Packers beat the Cardinals.


The Texan beat the Patriots. The Eagles beat the Browns. 2016, the Steelers beat the Raiders. The Chargers beat the Broncos. The Falcons beat the Panthers. The Bengals beat the Giants. And, you wanna do your score? She, me, We, the, you know, the Dallas Cowboys had a minor setback yesterday. Setback. Asst, Asst, the Detroit Lions. you know, I'll be in Detroit tomorrow. I love Detroit. I'll be in Detroit having a conversation with Vice President Kamala Harris tomorrow. But It was a minor setback. And, you know, on the, on the road to the Super Bowl, there will be obstacles. And, there will be hurdles. Delirious And every day. The sun won't shine. But that's just why we love tomorrow. 47 to nine was the score. The Detroit Lions whoa, Killed, squashed. Nine is the highest level of change. you, that's what people don't realize about the number nine.


Why would you downplay That setback? Like. That. The number nine means the highest level of change. That is a major setback. 47 9 47. And nine. Did they even Play? Could you hush? No, they gave Not play. Gave the nine just for showing up. Play You know. They get, they got nine points for showing up. Asst I said on the road to the soup. Oh We. There will be hurdles, there will be obstacles. Okay? I don't know And every day. The sun don't shine after us. While we love tomorrow. know that's what Pastor Glo told us. Gloria, hallelujah. Woods told us. Yes, Asst, long Asst you strong in your faith, That. That's right. Now, on Monday night Football, the bills take on And. The, the Jets AT. Eight 15. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. Red I meant to tell you. Pull up That Sheriff Chad Bianco clip. So AT the top of the headlines. Las Vegas, man.


A Las Vegas man is facing charges after being arrested. AT, a checkpoint near former President Trump's rally in Southern California. On Saturday, the Riverside County Sheriff's Office said, VIM Miller was found to have multiple guns illegally in his possession. And, his motives remain unknown. Supposedly, this may have been a third assassination attempt on former President Trump's life. So, let's hear from Riverside County. Sheriff Chad Bianco on That situation. They Don't have That. OD. Okay, We Miller was taken into custody. AT 4:59 PM just ahead of the rallies. 5:00 PM start time in Coachella. Bianca went on to say, That Miller showed up with multiple passports with different names.


And, an unregistered vehicle with a fake, fake license, plates, And, you know, just a whole slew of things. That just didn't add up. According to Riverside County, inmate Information System, Miller has been released from the detention center on Sunday on a $5,000 bail. The audio basically said That. Bianca was basically saying, That. He does think That, his team stopped a third assassination attempt on former President Trump's life. Now, meanwhile, during That, same rally in Coachella, California, Trump slammed Vice President Kamala Harris' State for its taxes, inflation, And, a number of immigrants saying, California Governor Gavin Newsom, who he called new Scum, is responsible. He also took shots.


AT Harris saying she tried to ruin the state while she was Attorney General of California. Trump continues to falsely claim That. Democrats stole the 2020 election. And, of course, he urged Republican Republicans to get out And vote in a way, That is too big to rig. Let's hear from Trump in Coachella. So, whether you are a Democrat or Republican or independent, this election is your chance to send a message to the World. That. The people of California are not going to take It any longer. we, we, we are leading in the polls, but we have to do It too big to rig. 'cause they are good AT. One thing, you know what That one thing is, you goes cheating. That's true.


They're, they're professional thieves. You know, you know, always remember That, whatever Donald Trump says about others, he's doing It himself. Like, this is projection. There is nobody plotting to steal the 2024 election More than Donald Trump, And Republicans. That's just a fact. It's attention. Just crazy. His know, because it's very contrasting. His comments come, came just hours after hosting a round table event with Hispanic voters in Las Vegas. And. Then It came a day after. He's claiming Venezuelan gang members are ruining this, ruining the state of Colorado. Let's hear about Trump in Colorado. What the hell is happening with our country? What are they doing? What are they doing to Colorado? They're ruining, they're ruining you state.


They're ruining you. State what they've done to our country, what they're doing to our country. They're destroying, they are ruining our country. Or is your law enforcement, And law enforcement all over the World. They know 'em all over the World. They're a savage gang. One of the worst in the World And. They're getting bigger all the time because of our stupidity. So he made those comments in Aurora on Friday, the Republican presidential candidate. He talked about the fears about a Venezuelan gang making That area in Aurora, Colorado. Dangerous. Now, Trump put up the mugshots of two alleged gang members on stage. And, he blamed the Biden Harris administration for allegedly allowing these immigrants into the United States. Of course, they doubled down on what they were saying about border And things.


Like That. Now, Trump claimed That. These people are preying on American citizens. If. you, you guys have any thoughts on That? I? Don't know. Exhausting. Y'all are exhausted. Doesnt It? No, no, no. I I. Don't know what's going on in Colorado. I have no idea. I can't, you know, I can't speak to That. We. Supposedly there's a Venezuelan gang. That has been taking over a, an apartment complex. Oh no You know about complex You. know, know, I, I You know about, about That. But I'm saying I would've to talk to somebody in Colorado to know whether or not That is actually accurate, is what I'm saying. Right? Right. Okay. So, Republican vice presidential nominee, JD Vance, he's doubling down on those comments. He was on ABC's this week on Sunday, addressing the mayor of Aurora, Colorado statements, That concerns about Venezuelan gang activity have been grossly exaggerated. That's what the mayor is saying, That.


This is, these stories are being blown outta proportion. Vance said, That, the mayor's comments means That. There's got to be some element of truth to, to Trump's claims. Now, let's keep in mind, Vance has already came out. And said That, he will make stuff up too. So he added That. Trump has been to Aurora, talking to people on the ground. And Trump has been making the border a central issue of his campaign. Also making claims about those Haitian migrants in Ohio eating people's pets. Asst We. So We, We Oh, I do wonder though, we, how come if this is happening in Colorado, why isn't local law enforcement in Colorado doing something about It Like? Why would they just let a gang take over an apartment complex? we, there was Video And pictures. I'm not sure what they did. I. I'm not sure how to retaliate It. But there was video And Pictures. And. Like. you said I. Don't know what, sure What's not true. I saw those videos.


You know, But I'm Not sure know. But again, just the elected officials are saying it's, it's being exaggerated. So know, let me look More into this one for you guys. And just, you know, give you, give you an update. Oh. Oh, that's what local officials are saying in Colorado. That, this is exaggerated. That It is being exaggerated. Very, you got, you know, very simple situation in Springfield. So one of those, you know, things that's being said, that's just not helping overall. So know, I'll keep you guys posted on what's going on in, I'm Like. I. Can't even keep up. Colorado, Aurora, Colorado, Ohio, Springfield, all of those things. But know, so that's That was Trump on the campaign trail over the weekend. That's your front page News for 6:00 AM 7:00 AM We'll get we'll touch base with Biden And Harris.


And. See where they're AT. Alright, And. Everybody else get It off your chest. 805, 8 5 1 Oh, five one If. you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open. And, let me salute to a gentleman named Rudolph. He works for Delta. When I was traveling over the weekend, I just seen the way That, he was handling a lot of the older people, And people in wheelchairs. And, how nice he was to them. And. And, how he was making their day, complimenting them. And. Just really having the time. Just talking to them. And, how That made them feel? And I was just in the background, just watching him. So I just asked his name. I just wanted to shout him out. So If, you work AT Delta, Atlanta. The brother's name is Rudolph. S Luther Rudolph salute Rudolph this Morning. And, you give him a tip of something. Hmm? you ain't give him tip? They're not allowed to take, they're not allowed to tape him. Not on the, not on, not not in front of people.


Give him something on the low. you had to tell everybody. They're not allowed. Put you Cash App Rudolph. He was the, the gate agent. He was, he was one And Gate agents Don't always be That. Nice. That's, that's It. And. He was, when I say super nice, super nice to the point where I walked back. I was Like. What's your name, brother And. He was Like. Rudolph. I said, I'm gonna shout you out. 'cause he was I. Don't even know if that's his real name. He might have just said That. And told me off. But he was just helping so many people. AT That Gate this weekend. And just being so nice. And making all those. 'cause you know, It was mostly older people in those wheelchairs making them feel so good. know. Look, you I was just Like man. So salute to Rudolph. All right, get It off your chest. 805. 8 5 1 Oh. Five one. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Whether you are mad or blessed. Eight five. Eight five. One Oh, five one. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast.


Club. Hello? Who's this You? What's the nv? Hey Trav, how you feeling? you got a, a whooping this weekend, And Boy. They did. They beat you, Asst. Hey, Hey, hey man. Ain't going to lie. Hey, we definitely had seven starters out man. I ain't gonna talk about It. Nah, I mean Don't Worry about It. Trav. We on the way to the Super Bowl. I ain't gonna talk about It. It's crazy. What's up Lauren? Hey, good morning. How you doing babe? What's up Char I am blessed Black And. Holly favored. How are you Trav? I'm doing good. Envy. Yes sir. you I gotta call you later. you talk about what we talked about. you have not emailed me anything. They were supposed to email you. I'll get It to you today the first thing this morning. But yes please. I was, wait, I was wondering why you ain't hit me back? know I. I was going party, but I was waiting for you.


So I I said Oh. He must be a little busy right now. Nah Hit you today. Get into What's That Illuminati application. Sound good to me. I'm just calling to talk about friendships. Right. Y'all have to be better Like. Not y'all, but Like. People have to Like learn how to be better friends to people. Like, you can't be treating That man. That punch you around And, you know, treats you horribly. And take him back a million times. Or That girl. Who cussed you out? And always lying to you. And clean in your face. And treat you horribly. you take her back a million times. But your friend Oh, you who've been there for 10 years, they do anything to you. And. you Ready. you Ready to cut them off. You been Listen More to the Gorilla album this weekend? Huh? you, you Listen More to That. That That That don't deserve with Money Long. Huh? Ra Hey man. Hey, hey. Sat out. Big Glow bro.


Like I. I ran That album. I Really wish That. I coulda Like sat down with her. And just also just contributed. And helped That album because It is amazing. And, there's so many songs. I really coulda hear myself helping with. Honestly. I Love Glo. I didn't know Glow was Like. I knew she was tough, but she's super tough. know And. I can't wait to hear. That Outta context. And interview with you. Charlemagne. Absolutely, but I think you right man. you know. But people, you know why they treat you Like That because you been around for so long. And, they think you gonna always be there. know You. Right. That's exactly what It is. we thank you And. And. you And And. you know how Penis does People Trav Like, you know Jesus AT night. Yo Jesus sources close to the penis. No, Seriously though. No. He said yes, it's a problem. People can really be demonized out here. That's right.


you absolutely right have to the best Of us, right? Shaw It Happened to me too. I get It Know. Bye And penis. Flu is a real thing. The what? Penis. Flu. Flu. You just gonna make a turn. Pick true. Hello, who's this Ja from Indy. Good Morning Breakfast Club. Hey, from Indy real Quick. I'm gonna ride. I'm always on Lauren, but I'm with her this time with her brother Carmen getting engaged. It's not your fault, Carmen. It's the men. I meet guys all the time. And, I got guys. You know And. They're always Like. There ain't no good women out here. I meet a bunch of them. So your brother picked out one. And settled down with her. So Carmen don't feel bad. The men out here playing with you too. I'm sorry, Lauren Oh Me. I'm not feeling what I feel bad about. So you single And ain't got you, Ain't got you.


But nobody wanna wipe you up. you know I'm saying you If you out here. It's wintertime. It's cold. you still ain't got no boo to cuddle with Valentine's Day right around the corner. you gonna be lonely again In Like. 12 months or something. Right? We Christmas is coming up. That's right. All right. And I got a group chat. And. We buy good gifts for each other. And, It, Friendsgiving, And. I'm gonna be with my friends. And, they're significant. All We I, appreciate That Breakfast Club, Lauren. Again. It's not your fault. Hey, Y'all act Like. Y'all act Like. I'm really out here fighting for my life in these single streets. Like. I'm doing all right. Trust Me. I don't know. Like him saying it's not your fault. I mean, you know, there are some things internally you probably do need to change 'cause you attract what you are. I'm just saying. What time is It? It's six 20. you get started already.


Get It off your chest. Just wake up. 8, 5 8 5. One Oh, five one. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Morning The, Breakfast Club. It's a new day. This is your time to get It off your chest Wake. Wake up. Whether you're mad or blessed, it's Time to get up. And get something. Call Up now. Eight hundred five eight five one Oh five one. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast Club. Hello, who's this? Hi, my name is Bishop from New York. How are you? Charlamagne. And. The rest of you, Bishop. Good morning. Get off your chest. Yes. So I've been Listen More to so much being said about the economy And, how Trump is good with the economy. And, all of That And I keep telling myself, how are people believing That Trump is good with the economy.


He inherited Obama's economy. And rode on That wave And. Everybody thought That. He he created the economy. No, It was all Obama's policies, And everything he did to save the country. The recession. That brought America And the economy to what It was when he handed over to to Trump. Now, Trump wrote on That economy. And told the World told all Americans That That was his policy. That was never his policy. Now That Trump messed up That economy. And Biden, And Harris came in to fix It And. They're in the process of fixing It And. We're beginning to see the economy turn around against Trump is coming around again to want to take over the same economy.


That, they have fixed And now claim That to be his. That's what It looks. Like. It's about to happen. So I don't understand why people keep thinking That. The Republicans are good with the economy when in fact it's the Democrats. That have been rescuing America from every Republican administration. That have destroyed the economy. So I just want you to stress this to Kamala. She needs to talk More about this. I'm glad Obama came out over the weekend to state this in, in, in Pittsburgh. But when you meet with her tomorrow, you need to stress with, with Madame Vice president. She needs to keep stressing to Americans.


That Democrats are the ones That are actually good with, with, with the atomic. Okay, We lemme, we, we listen. My brother lemme ask you question. Why don't you go the the iHeartRadio app. Search for The Breakfast Club podcast. Tap the mic, record your question for Kamala Harris. Hit sin And. Let your voice be heard. That's what the talkback feature is for. So for everybody out there, that's Listen More to my voice right now. If, you have a question for the vice president. 'cause I will be talking to her tomorrow. AT 5:00 PM Do exactly what I just told you to do. Open your iHeartRadio app, search for The Breakfast Club podcast. Tap the mic, record your question for Kamala Harris. Hit sin And. you can let your voice be heard. And That brother was absolutely right. And I. Don't know why That narrative exists. That, the economy does better under Republicans.


But since World war I I, the economy absolutely, positively does better under Democrat presidents. That's just a, that's just a fact. you know, over The weekend, I was salute to Tony Danzer, the, the icon of legend. I was on a plane with him this weekend from Who's the boss know From Who's the boss? And he was asking. He was Like. you know, a lot of these other countries, Like, uk, Canada, And, France, when they have, when they campaign, they only campaign for a short period of time. know only 30 days. And a lot of times, And other countries, they have a cap of how much they can actually raise. And. He was Like. It's just weird. That America can raise a billion dollars on each side. And just spend That on ads campaigning for so long, he was Like. It should be a cap And. Hopefully some of That money could be used to help people Opposed To just putting up ads.


You say It takes Like. What a billion dollars to win a presidential campaign. know? So You been saying That, I was Like. And. you just don't realize, in a lot of other countries, It takes a lot less time to run for, for office. But here It is they, they run for, for years when they're supposed to be doing their job. And Also, do you know the of, of the 11 recessions in the modern era, 10 have begun under Republican presidents. Like It. It is actually very mind blowing. That Republicans have created this narrative. That, you know, the economy is better when they're in off is It because Of their Like, their stances on taxes. And, how That goes. That know, but they don't know tax. The taxes are always for the the rich, not for the people who actually need It We salute to Tony It was a great, having a great conversation with him over the weekend. We got Sean Stone on the phone. Sean Stone. Good morning.


Hey, good morning, man. Peace And blessing to everybody, man. How are you everybody? You blessed Black And Holly Pivot. Life is amazing. Sean. you experienced Your first hurricane, huh? First hurricane man. That's


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces That Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features. Like wireless Apple call play And. A panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive And Exciting And with new performance, And safety features. Like intelligent all-wheel drive. The kicks is both fun. And safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains Is It a new error for you? Asst, we drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service. And consumer activation of Nissan Connect services Package required use only when safe And legal subject to third party service availability for More information. See Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic, And weather conditions.


Everyone loves getting good advice. And staying in the know there's nothing Like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need or want. It We, thankfully AT And T provides personalized recommendations, And solutions, so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you. And your family, or a product That makes sense for you. And your lifestyle. It feels good knowing That AT And T has your back. They take out all the guesswork, And the stress, letting you get back to simply doing you. Whether you're a dedicated entrepreneur, a multihyphenate creative, a busy parent, or all of the above, you deserve a service provider. That gets you And your needs. So relax And. Let AT And T provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life


This election season. The stakes are higher than ever. I. Think the Choice is clear in this election. Join me, Charlemagne, the God for we the people in Audio Town Hall. Where? Vice President Kamala Harris And, you live from Detroit, Michigan, exclusively on iHeartRadio. They'll tackle the tough questions, depressing issues. And the future of our nation. We may not see eye to eye on every issue, but America, we are not going back. Don't miss this powerful conversation with Vice President Kamala Harris. Tomorrow AT 5:00 PM Eastern, 2:00 PM Pacific on the free iHeartRadio app, hip Hop Beat Station.


Hey, it's Mike And Ian. We're the hosts of how to Do Everything From NPRs. Wait, wait. Don't tell me each week We take your questions And. Find someone much smarter than us to answer Them questions. Like, how do you survive the Bermuda Triangle? How do you find a date inside the Bermuda Triangle? We can't help you, but we will find someone who can Listen to the How to Do Everything Podcast on iHeartRadio.


I Felt Too seen, dragged. I'm NK And. This is Basket case. So I basically had what? Back in the day, they Would call a nervous breakdown. I was crying And. I was inconsolable. It was just very big. Sudden swaps of different Meds. What is wrong with me? Oh. Look. If, you gimme therapy girl. Finally, a cha for the mentally ill girlies on basket case. I. Talk to people about what happens when what we call mental health is shaped by the conditions of the World we live in. Because If, you haven't noticed. We are experiencing some kind of conditions. That are pretty hard to live with. But If, you struggle to cope. The society That created the conditions in the first place will tell you there's something wrong with you. And It will call you a basket case. Listen to Basket case. Every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


US Suck. you know what I mean? No cursing though. But go ahead. Tell us about It. I'm sorry. I'm still waiting for light to come back on right now. Me And, my family be in Like a shelter right now. you know what I mean? So my job ain't up right now because It got flooded. So know that's It was crazy. And never And. Where, where do you live? What part of Florida do you live? So I'm in Sarasota. Sarasota. Know It was definitely hit hard. you know what I mean? So What did they say? And the power was gonna come back. Do they know? Did they give you Allall? The time they, They say up probably around Wednesday or Thursday. Wednesday. And Thursday. And the shelter's taking care of you guys. Y'all got food. And water, And things. Like That know, But, but I ain't trying to be in the shelter too. More too long.


you know what I mean? I. I would Like to take my family out there, you know. But things are tough right now, bro. I never been through something Like this. So It is just crazy. I probably should've never moved from Jersey. You had a So, so you, you experienced both of 'em? Helene, And, Milton, Sean. Yes sir. Yes sir. I probably stayed my butt in Jersey. But you know, I had to take care of my little girl. So that's why, that's my main reason for moving down here, you know? Absolutely. So, so my thing is, you know, I ain't, I ain't begging. But I'm just asking That if anybody want to help me, And my family. I'm just asking The, Breakfast, Club. If it's okay for me to give my cash app out there, know Absolutely.


It's dollar sign. Sean. S-E-A-N-S T. ONE. T. And. That's my cash app man. If anybody want to help, man. Alright. Yes sir. All right, Brother. Appreciate The, Breakfast. Club, man. God bless. All right, brother. All right. Get It off your chest. 805 8 5 1 Oh five one. Now when we come back, we got Just with the Mess with Lauren LaRosa. What we talking about? Ah, We do. We're gonna take some time to send some love to the family of Wanda Smith Radio Personality. That passed away over the weekend. My God. Wanda know. That's right. We'll talk about That when we come back. It's The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ, JNV.


Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to Jess with the Mess with Lauren LaRosa. you music is real. Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't do, She Don't spare. Nobody. World. Why Jess World mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coaches. Lauren, Lauren La Badass. And. I got the mess. Talk to me. So over the weekend, Wanda Smith passed away. AT age 59. This happened a day after her birthday. That's crazy. So Wanda Smith, a lot of you guys will know her, especially anybody Listen More in Atlanta, because I mean she's been dominating radio down there for a very long time.


She was doing the Frank And Wanda in the Morning show. And That started back in 98, I believe 97, 98 on V one Oh three V one. Oh three did post a tribute to her. One of the execs there spoke out, And said, our hearts are weighing heavier today. Asst, we grieve the loss of our beloved Wanda Smith. Someone who always made a smile And, who was a big part of the V one Oh three community for years. So they also did a segment for her over the weekend where they had people call in And, share their stories. 'cause people have met her in so many different facets of absolutely life. And, she was a writer for a deaf comedy gym Comic view. She appeared. She worked with Tyler Perry. She was in Madea, goes to Jail. Madea iss Witness Protection. But also too, she did stand up all the time. AT a a really popular comedy theater down there in Atlanta, Like Weekly.


So people were calling in just sending their love And condolences to her husband, And her three kids. So, just wanted to, you know, take a moment for her. And And, send her some love. Absolutely. Rest in peace to Wanda. Definitely send the healing, healing energy to, to her whole family. That's family. And friends. Absolutely. 58 is very young. Very young. We can other News Bow Wow. Sat down with Roxy Diaz. And. Roxy has this show called More to the Story. It's a podcast And on there. She brings different celebrity names so we can kind of get them to get to know them a little bit better than the stories we normally hear. Her And Bow. Wow. Had one particular conversation just about the industry. Asst a whole And all the takedowns That we're seeing right now. Asst Asst. She called It. Particularly everything that's happening with Diddy right now.


And. Let's take a listen to Bow's conversation on That. Just never thought I'd see It Like this. He's Like the gatekeeper to the game. To the point to where Like beat here we, we can inspect the past two. They just didn't feel right. 'cause there was no motion. There was no parties. Like. The parties That, we attend. Me either you the Terrance says the I Left before, before one. I never stayed. I've only been to two parties. And. I never seen a freak Off. know Like. But It shows how monumental And, how important It was to the culture. Because I said, Jermaine I just, there's no parties And. you feel It. It's Like a whole. It's Like. He was just such a gatekeeper for him. The, the, the liquor And, the, the clubs, the, the, the Mo Like. He was everything. Hip hop know You know what I mean.


So for That to to die out, it's Like. you just would've never thought And. Especially when you look AT somebody, Asst Like. Somebody you studied. Somebody you idolized Bow wow. After this started to go viral, was getting dragged online. Why we, I'll read one user That a tweet. That went really viral. This person said, women have come forward about this man talking about Diddy And. This is all alleged stuff alleging That. He's a demon alleging That. He assaulted them all. Alleged That alleging That. He pimped them out, abusing them, et cetera. The audacity of this man, she's speaking about now to miss That man, because he threw a good effing party. I hate this weird industry with a passion. So I think AT his face.


Of course, people took this Like. Read the room, bro. Like people are saying That, they got That. That. They've been really hurt. We saw, saw assaulted. you know, the video with Cassie being dragged up, And down the hallway. And you upset because BE T, hip-hop awards just went down. And. There was no after party for you to go to. I can understand That on the other side of It, though, when you watch the full interview, And putting what he said into better context. What I believe he's speaking to is how a lot of us felt in the beginning of this Like. Who would've ever thought That? This is how Diddy's story And out of everything That he built know within. Because he's been the lifestyle in the kind of Like, the blueprint for a lot of people moving around the entertainment industry for a very long time. know I guess. 'cause I watched, you know, slew the Roxy I guess. 'cause I watched a lot. More of the context a lot.


More of the in interview, I understood the context. And I understood what Bowa was saying. And 'cause I I said something similar. When It first happened, we didn't know what Diddy was doing behind the scenes. We just looking AT him Asst a mogul. know And. He was a hip hop lifestyle specialist. And, Like. you know, If, you were trying to create some type of business in this industry. He was one of those, one of those blueprints. That, you used to look AT. A lot of people wanted to be just a Business perspective for sure. And not just business. People wanted to be just Like know style. you want a part lifestyle. Like did. you wanted personal know, not just business. People wanted to be Diddy. They wanted to be in their Like. We, you, you can't say you want to be him 'cause you don't really truly know him, but What they think they know of what you Saw, what you saw. Then You Know Like Like the idolizing of him. Correct? The optics of It And. It made me think how Like, when you do Like, now you have to give disclaimers about anything you attended with Diddy.


Anything you did with Diddy. When people do talk about this time in his life, Like years from now, it's gonna overshadow a lot. Like You know Like everything. Tell Oh it's a rap. Know we I, I I. Do understand what people can get upset though? 'cause it's Like If. you, you run all the charges, And all the allegations down And. Then somebody goes, we What about the parties, bro? Bro, there's not gonna be no parties. BE T, weekend I can see what a see get some backlash. Know I. So no couch to stand on is is being a concern. It's crazy, but know man, And It is hilarious. When everyone wants folks to know what Diddy parties they attended. You gotta say It. Like. There's tears, there's levels. AT. People Can connect you parties differently. I left AT. I left AT 8:00 PM I. Don't know what Happened after Eight. I went home this weekend after That.


Nick Cannon clip That we did in here. We talked about the parties. My family was Like. Wait, I mean you, you, you, you been to a couple of them. I ain't never none of That other Stuff. Oh, you had to explain to your people's why. What you Multiple to mom. You Diddy party. you was AT Called me know she was Like ho. What? I understand the concern. know. Mm know I don't even wanna talk about Diddy parties. All right. We. That was just with the mess with L la Rosa. Now when we come back, we got front page news, Morgan would be joining us. So don't go anywhere. It The, Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy we are The, Breakfast Club. Laura LaRosa filling in for Jess. So let's get in some front page news. Start off with some quick sports. WNBA. The liberty tied up the series with the links. They won.


80, 66. The Mets lost to the Dodgers. 9 2 0. The Dodgers lead game. One of the series And, then NFL. We'll go through 'em fast. Bears beat the Jaguars. Buccaneers beat the saints. The Ravens beat the commanders. Cols beat the Titans. The Packers beat the Cardinals. The Texas beat the Patriots. The Eagles beat the Browns. The Steelers beat the Raiders. The Chargers beat the Broncos. The Panthers lost to the Falcons. My giants lost last night. And the lions washed the Cowboys last night. 47, 9. It was Oh man. First of all, Nobody got washed. Oh did. Yes, I did. We? A loss is a loss. know, okay, the the end of the day. Y'all took an L. Yesterday we And, we took an L. Nobody cares about what the final score is. You're affecting. All right, I'm not It is a loss.


Is a loss. It don't matter. you lost. you lost It. Don't matter how you lost, you lost Oh. My goodness. Alright, we can. Monday night football, the Buffaloes bills take on the Jets AT eight 15 tonight. Come on Morgan. You ever heard That saying, where they say the loudest person in the room is usually the nevermind I'm not. You ever heard That phrase about how you need to clean your glasses? Don't let talk to you Like. That don't. Lemme Talk. Alright. So anyways, Know. So top of the headlines right now, the massive cleanup, And recovery efforts continue after back Toback Strikes from hurricanes Helene And Milton. President Biden says Those impacted by recent storms will get the help they need. He recently traveled to Florida to tour St. Petersburg. One of the hardest hit areas by hurricane Milton.


Let's hear More from President Biden. I spoke with first responders when working around the clock. Allison met with small business owners here. And homeowners have taken a real beating these back-to-back storms. I'm here in Florida for the second time in two weeks. And to survey the damage from another catastrophic storm. Hurricane Milton Know. So Biden announced $612 million in federal funding for six Department of Energy projects in the southeast. That's span over the areas. That were impacted by the storms. Milton slammed into the state. Florida Asst a category three last week killing AT least 16 people.


Just terrible. So I will continue to keep you guys updated on those recovery efforts out there. Meanwhile, vice president Kamala Harris, she was on the campaign trail in Scottsdale, Arizona. She told her audience on Friday, That America needs to come together during this election. Adding That there has been too much negativity. Let's hear from VP Harris in Arizona. What's AT stake in this election? Whoa. It's packed with some stuff. It's packed with some fundamental stuff because that's part of what is the perversion of what some people are suggesting. Asst though It is a sign of weakness. Swift empathy Know. So she went on to say That.


There have been forces AT work trying to drive Americans apart over the past couple of years. Of course, Arizona is among a handful of swing states. That could be a deciding factor in this upcoming election. Meanwhile, vi vice President Harris, she is releasing an opportunity agenda. This is Like breaking news by the way. She's releasing an opportunity agenda for black men, focused on equipping them with the tools to achieve financial freedom. Lower costs to better provide for themselves, And their families. And protect their rights. In this agenda, Harris lays out providing $1 million loans. That will fully be forgivable to black entrepreneurs, And others to start businesses championing education training And mentorship programs.


That help black men get good paying jobs in high demand industries. And lead their communities including pathways to become teachers. Investing in More black male teachers promoting registered apprenticeships, cred, And, credentialing opportunities, And, black commun communities strengthening the public service loan forgiveness program, investing in leadership training, And mentorship program. She goes on to lay out other agendas in this plan, supporting the regulatory framework of cryptocurrency. And other digital assets. So black men who invest in And own their assets are protected. Launching a national health equity initiative focused on black men. That address sickle cell disease, diabetes, mental health. That should be, you know, that's one of your things. Charlamagne prostate cancer, And other health challenges.


That disproportionately impact men. And. Lastly, but not legalizing recreational marijuana. And. Creating opportunities for black Americans to succeed in this industry. know. So this comes Asst Democratic Congressman Jim Clyburn says he's concerned about black men turning out to vote this November, appearing on CNN State of the Union. The South Carolina representative said he rep, he remains positive after talks he's had with black voters. Let's hear from Clyburn. Yes, I am concerned about black men staying home or voted for Trump. But my concerns don't tend to keep me from being energetic about this campaign.


Black men, Like, everybody else wanna know exactly what I can expect from Harris administration. And, I've been very direct with them. And. I've also contrasted That to what they can expect from a Trump administration. Of course, this comes on the heels of Oh president, former President Obama's comments last week where he said, It is not acceptable for black men to sit out of this election. What are your thoughts on this? Charlamagne I mean. You're gonna be talking with her about these very topics tomorrow. know It Flu to my South Carolina og. Mr Clyburn. Great guy. I, don't I. Don't Like That narrative. 'cause black men are always the second largest voting block for demo for Democrats behind black women.


I think this narrative. That black men don't want to vote for vice President Kamala Harris because she's a woman. It's complete nonsense. There is a disdain for the Democratic party. Asst a whole, but it's nothing personal towards the VP And. Even with That disdain for the Democratic party that's been around for the last couple of elections. And still 85% of black men voted for Hillary Clinton. And, I, I, I, I. Think it's Like. 80% of of black men voted for Biden. So we always show up. And It should be treated Like. Any other voting block. Like, Mr Clyburn said Like. you know, they just, black men want to know what to expect from a a Harris Wall administration. And, you know what I don't. Like really, for real, for real is in 2016, 52% of white women voted for Donald Trump.


55% of white women voted for Donald Trump in 2020. Ain't nobody waving their finger. AT them. And telling them, you know, don't make the same mistake. That. Y'all made the last couple of elections. Y'all are the reason. That, there's no More Roe v. Wade. Y'all are the reason. That, you know, women's rights are being attacked all over the country. Why? Nobody waving their finger AT the white women, especially when they voted against their own interest in 2016. And there was a white woman running. That's right. That's all you know. That's all. And, And, And, And also too, it's crazy, you know, in regards to the initiative That she just put out, because people are going to think That. That's just the reaction to what Obama said. But you know, she's really, really, really been on this for a while.


Like. This isn't new Like. you know, her outreach to black men. you know her, her conversations with black men. Like n none. None of this is new. And I was reading I. Think I was reading a political article earlier this morning. And It said It. Somebody said it's too late in the campaign for this, but I'm Like damn. Her campaigns just launched. know Like I. Don't know why we keep acting Like. This is Like a regular campaign. Her campaign was only what a hundred days Know, seven days. know something. Like. That. Come on. Alright, And. Even if It is just in a campaign initiative, you know, if she, if And when It, you know, if she is elected, you know the It would be a nice you to already have the plan laid out. Asst opposed to concepts of a plan. I'm not you absolutely That. Absolutely. So You know that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood. you can follow me on social AT Morgan Media. Make sure you check out More News coverage with us AT, the Black Information Network.


Download the free iHeartRadio app And. Visit B I n news.com. Thank y'all. Alright, now when we come back, Charlamagne sat down with Glo Rilla out of context, which is a a a series That. He does That releases today, AT 10:00 AM We gonna get That on nine 9:00 AM 9:00 AM And And. We're gonna get That on this morning, so don't move. We gonna do That when we come back. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. We are The Breakfast Club. DJ E Envy. Jess, hilarious Charlamagne, the guy Lauren And, LaRosa filling in for Jess. Now, Charlamagne had a conversation with Gorilla. Her album Glorious is out right now. This is from his outer context series, And. I'm gonna get It on right now. And, you can watch It on YouTube later. AT 9:00 AM Big Glo, What you Do.


How are you man? I'm great. How are you? I'm blessed. Black And Holly famous. you know, before I do these conversations, I Like, to set an intention. So my intention for this conversation is for people to listen to this interview, And. Then go listen to your music with a different ear so they can recognize the anointing That God has on Gloria. Hallelujah. Woods life. You know. Okay, that's the intention. Now You know negative tweets you have in impact on you. But I'm gonna read you a positive tweet. Somebody said about you. All right. A young lady named Julia Brown, sugar Baker posted a video working out the whole lawn. And. She said, I need gorilla to write a devotional book of daily affirmations. She says Glow makes her feel Like. She's a young person.


And reminds her That. I can do all things through Christ. That strengthens me. How do you receive That when you hear It? I love seeing stuff. Like, That, Like Oh. Wow. I really? Like I I speak a certain message to you. That make you feel Like, That, Like It make me feel great. And. I. Don't think you realize how much gorilla music I. Listen to And. One thing I've grown to understand about you is there is a difference between a gorilla, the rapper, And, Gloria, hallelujah Woods, but Gloria Hallelujah be popping up too. And, she be rapping. Asst, we. So what's the difference between Gorilla And? Gloria I ain't gonna say it's a her difference. It ain't a her difference. But I'm gonna say Like, I'm just a hundred percent aggressive. And Like straight talking.


When I rap, you know what I'm saying? And. Straight Like. But in real life, I'm Like actually. Nice because You're from the south. You know Southern hospitality, you know, I'm just, I'm I'm cooler. Like. I. Ain't Asst mean Like. People think Like. How I rap. I'm aggressive this how I am. But I'm actually nice. You know a a lot of artists, man, you know, they put out projects before their debut album. And. They put out so much music, And. Then when the, when the debut album comes out, there's really no difference with you. I can hear the elevation of the art know. So what was your approach to make glorious your debut album? Special It was just Like. So I had dropped of my ep. Of course And then It was Like. Last year. I was working on my album.


And. It's Like. I was just overthinking It a lot. Like. 'cause You know I wanted It to be big 50 to be my first album. And. I had kinda got off track a little bit And. Then that's when I made my mix tape. 'cause I'm Like. Okay, That. That put me back on track to where I needed to be After the everything, everything Know. Okay. So when I dropped everything, everything It had just gave me Like, the It. It gave me my confidence back. I had sleep, lost my confidence a little bit And. Then I was just Like. Okay. When I make this album, I gotta touch different subjects. you know what I'm saying? Like. I don't just want It to be a body of work. Talking about the same Like, I wanna talk about different things in the album, Did you lose your confidence 'cause of what other people were saying? Or just because you was putting too much fresh on yourself? Both of 'em. Okay. know Like. I was trying to, I was overthinking too hard one trying to go too big.


And. Then the people came too. And I had kind of just lost a little bit of my confidence. And, in the intro you say, be humble, That cocky take you down. Now did you have a moment when you first started popping where you was feeling yourself? And It was impacting your career in any way. I ain't never get cocky. Like I really wasn't talking about myself right there, you know, 'cause I,


the World Is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces That Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features. Like wireless Apple call play And. A panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive And. Exciting And with new performance, And safety features. Like intelligent. All-Wheel Drive. The kicks is both fun. And safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand New era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is It a new era for you? Asst, we drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service, And consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required use only when safe. And legal subject to third party service availability for More information. See Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction. And all conditions always monitor traffic. And weather conditions.


This election season, the stakes are higher than ever. I. Think the choice is clear in this election. Join me Charlamagne tha God for we the people in Audio Town Hall with Vice President Kamala Harris. And. you live from Detroit, Michigan, exclusively on iHeartRadio. They'll tackle the tough questions, depressing issues. And the future of our nation. We May not see eye to eye on every issue, but America, we are not going Back. Don't miss this powerful conversation with Vice President Kamala Harris. Tomorrow AT 5:00 PM Eastern, 2:00 PM Pacific on the free iHeartRadio app, hip hop beat station.


Hey, it's Mike And Ian. We're the hosts of how to Do Everything from NPRs. Wait, wait. Don't tell me each Week we take your questions And. Find someone much smarter than us to answer them Questions. Like, how do you survive the Bermuda Triangle? How do you find a date inside the Bermuda Triangle? We can't help you, but we will find someone who can Listen to the hot of your Everything podcast on iHeartRadio.


I fell too. Scene dragged. I'm NK And. This is basket case. So I basically had what back in the day, they would Call a nervous breakdown. I was crying And. I was inconsolable. It was just very big. Sudden swaps of different meds. What is wrong with me? Oh. Look. If, you gimme therapy girl. Finally, a show for the mentally ill girlies on basket case. I. Talk to people about what happens when what we call mental health is shaped by the conditions of the World we live in. Because If, you haven't noticed, we are experiencing some kind of conditions. That are pretty hard to live with. But If, you struggle to cope. The society That created the conditions in the first place will tell you there's something wrong with you. And It will call you a basket case. Listen to basket case every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Definitely.


Car Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was murdered. There are crooks everywhere you look. Now the situation is desperate. My name is Manuel Delia I am one of the hosts of Crooks Everywhere. A podcast That unearths the plot to murder a one woman. WikiLeaks definitely exposed the culture of crime. And corruption. That were turning her beloved country into a mafia state. And. She paid the ultimate price. Listen to Crooks everywhere on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcast.


I Forever. Stay humble. I ain't never got to a point where I was just cocky. Like got my nose turned up Like know. Now I done got cocky to her. Like know You know I'm me, but Like not the other type of cocky. So you talking to other people know, okay, now in, in the, in the last dance, right, Michael Jordan takes a lot of things. Personal. And It motivates him. you seen the last dance, the Michael Jordan documentary? Nah, I ain't never Seen It. Oh. you need to watch It. He takes, he takes everything personal. And, you posted how you bookmark the tweet of someone saying you fell off so fast, And so bad. And It put a battery in your back. What did you feel in in, in That moment? And, how did you use That energy from That Tweet to your advantage? Because for me, I ain't think It could happen. 'cause You know my ability, my raping ability.


And. So when I started seeing a lot of people say That And seeing Like That. I'm Like Oh. Okay, so y'all playing with me. I'm gonna show you Like. I'm the type of person I Like to prove people wrong. And I Like. To show people Like Oh. This what you think. All right, I'm gonna show you this. Why you think they felt Like That so fast though? Because I saw one person tweet from Like made to Like. And It was only Like. November It was only Like. Five or six months you had been up. know why they wanted you to fall off so Bad? I don't know. I think they split kind of do That to almost everybody, especially female artists. I don't know why, but they wanted me to fall off so bad. I don't know why. Now is It true? That, you were homeschooled until the fifth grade. Why? Because my mama wanted us to, she didn't want us to be of the World. That's what she used to say.


She wanted to keep us Like. My momma was Like. She a super Christian And. So know she didn't want us to be in the World I. Guess A super Christian know. we just you a regular Christian Asst, a super Like. My momma Like Like, my momma go to church. Asst Asst many times the church opened my mama there And. She could be there seven days a week. She gonna be there. And. you got what? Nine siblings, right? Do all of them have some type of religious reference in their name because you, hallelujah is they're Like an Amen And the other Like. No Like. She named a lot of us names out of the Bible Like. My brother And I Daniel, my little sister named Miracle. My youngest brother named Joshua And. She say that's the Hebrew name for Jesus.


Jesus And. She was Like. That's her last child. And. She was Like. It is finished. Like. That's what Jesus said on the cross. So know she did do a lot about Biblical references with us. Did That put a lot of pressure on you when you was young to Like always try to be perfect? No I knew I won't. Nobody was perfect. You knew That early. you know also in the intro you also say, police pulled me over, caught me sleeping, but I'm sober now. Then later on you say If you make mistakes, but don't let be the failure but a try And. We all saw the video of you getting pulled over for the, for the DU I. What did That That moment teach you? What I said in the phone? You Know. Did you know That in That moment? No It didn't in the moment. Like Did. you knew in That moment Like.


Okay, I'm about, this was a mistake, but I'm gonna learn from It. I Mean I really can't speak too much on there right now. Oh. Alright. Okay, you, you said AT the end of the intro. you love criticism. know And people always make you feel crazy. So how have you learned to deal with critics And And haters To just prove them wrong every time? 'cause they gonna always come back around. And hop back on the train every time. Like, A lot of times when the hate come, It be bandwagon. Hate Like. They on the hate you 'cause the next person do I don't even know if they really be actually Listen More to the music. For real. Or they just get on social media. And know. See what a few other people saying exactly. And. Then they Like. you know what, let me, let me, let me get in. Get involved with the with the mob real quick. know I love how one, hold on. you say you popping It so hard because you ain't used to.


Do you ever think you will get to a point where you get used to this life? I still ain't got used to It Asst of now Like I still a certain happen. I be Like. Wow, this is really me. This is really my life. And. So that's why Like I just be Like stunned the way I do. 'cause back then I ain't never pictured this going on. Like. I knew I had a dream. I knew It was a possibility. But I ain't know It was gonna happen. Happen for real. Really? you seem Like the type of person. Like, That, That That can manifest things. And, If. you see what you want your life to be. know. But you know you can manifest And. When It really happened, you Like Oh. It really happened. Like, I'm shocked. Really? Are you? Are you talking about the level That? you AT right now know Like because I mean to be honest. you doing, you doing some white people too.


you on these late night shows, And you on these award shows. you know, know is That what It is. It is just big all around Like. I never imagined this going on. know Like. I knew I was gonna make It, but I ain't know this big And That fast. All right, we got More with Gorilla when we come back. Don't move, it's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. We are The Breakfast. Club. Now Charlamagne got a chance to sit down with Gorilla for her album. Glorious, which is out right now from is out of Context series, which releases this morning. AT 9:00 AM Let's get into part two. You got a record with Lotto called Procedure Are Men Really Trying to Trap you? And Get you Pregnant, Know, really know.


How do you handle That One 800? That's crazy. So you really, in the records, you said That, you might have to get your tubes tied. If you don't really mean That Know, but Like I do wanna have kids, but not my own kids. Like. I wanna do the surrogate. know I want somebody else to have my baby. I want them to have my DNA. But I don't want have It. Like, We that's smart though. know why? Just 'cause of your career or just you just don't I. Just don't want to actually have a baby You Know what, what did you see somebody have a bad experience? That made you feel Like I don't wanna carry no baby Like. All my friends got kids And. They just Like. They can't do It. They restricted a lot when they pregnant. And, I'm Like. Nah, I don't want go through That.


we, It's just for nine months. Oh, that's too long. You see, you said a month before you blew up, you were still swiping cards. Was That true? If, You don't wanna expound on That? No. Now we, we gotta talk about Rain down where Kirk, Franklin, sh La Moore, And Kiara. She just another example of the anointing on Gloria Hallelujahs life. How did That record come together? And, why those particular gospel artists? Okay, so for a minute, I was Like I wanna do a gospel song. Bja Blige, nevermind he part of the record too. He had, he did the chorus. He sent the beat And, he sent the chorus And. So I instantly wrote the verse.


Soon Asst, he sent the song. Go And, then I'm Like. 'cause he had a Kirk Franklin sample on there. AT first And. So I'm Like, you know, I would really, I would really love if Kirk Franklin actually got on the song And. Then he set up everything else. And, everything just came together. Wow. Did you have to talk to Kirk And, all of them And? Tell him what the record was about AT first. No, my people had sent It to him know And. Then they, he did It so quick. And so fast. I was so happy. What made you want to Like do a, a full on gospel record? It feel Like Because I always wanted to do one And. Then my mama always be asking me, when you gonna do a gospel record? I'm Like I'm gonna do one for sure. I always wanted to do one though. And That was Like the perfect one. Like, that's one I actually I almost.


It's probably about a year. And a half old. Wow. know Was It was It, was It difficult to write? Just emotion. Like I, everything That I said on there. I I actually felt It was so easy to write. Like I Like I said when he sent It to me, I had wrote It quick. Asst And And. The church was, was a major part of your upbringing. know And Like you said your, your your, your mother was super Christian And. She didn't want you to be of the World. So when you was creating this record, did you say, man, I don't know if I if I want to mix this, mix this record with the other stuff I'm doing? Nah. 'cause You know Like It is balance. So when I just knew I wanted a gospel record on my album, And That really That, they helped me come up with the name of the album too.


Oh glorious. So, so the other two artists are Chandler Moore, And Kiara, she, you know, you wanted them on there. Asst We, We, I didn't Like, Kirk Franklin brought It together. But when he got those two to be on there, I was happy to, because I'm Like. Okay. They, they some good artists. What'd your momma say? My momma, she heard she ain't heard the finished product yet. I, I'm gonna let her hear It on the album. Did You tell her AT least Know she happy about It? Wow. Now also on Rain down, you say you, you tell the Lord to watch over everyone you love And care for. But you said even though he hate me, Lord watch over my baby father did I hear That. Right. I ain't know you had no kids. I ain't got no kids. So what the hell, who's he you talking? I Was speaking for the people. That do get Oh Like I was Like rapping almost Like in a third person is It.


you know that's gonna confuse people Know You know Because I I I let somebody else hear It And. They thought the same thing. It Like I ain't know they stop Like. I ain't know she had no damn Kid. A lot of people That I there. Here say That. But know It is just for the people who Duke get It. Like It was just a prayer. That I wanted to be Like for other people to use. Okay, all now, you know somebody gonna pop up on the internet talking about, nah, she lying. I'm the baby father. I ain't got no kids. Right? Glows Prayer Know, Why are you holding up God's prayer line, praying to God to help you lead That alone, bro. Like, come on. God got bigger issues to worry about. What's, what's That about? Okay, so a long time ago when I forgot, my I was in my first real relationship. I really had to pray to God to help me be Like the dude alone.


Like, because I didn't know how to And. I was just in my car crying. I'm Like God. Like If, you get outta this. I'll never do It again. And You know girls too. And went through That too. So I'm Like, I'm gonna make a song about It. Did It work? Don't lie now. No I. Swear to God. I ain't talk to You after the first prayer. you mean tell me, after the first prayer you left him alone. No, after the first prayer, you know he gotta eventually come to pass. It ain't going instrument. It happened. Like, That. How many times you mess with him after you prayed the first time? I Can't remember. It been so long. But It but It eventually did work. Okay, now you you, you answered your own question on That record too. 'cause you said it's your taste in men. That. you need to blame. Do you understand? That That, you know? Okay. When did you realize That AT?


What point did you we, first of all, what was your tasting in menu? The ain. Okay. I don't know why I liked them, but know I was Like. Maybe It is 'cause It, It It is some good men out there. But I probably just keep picking the wrong one. How do you know when a person, because you can't, you can't say it's 'cause of they background. you can't say it's 'cause of what they do. 'cause the lawyer could be Ain't And And the drug dealer could be the good guy. So how do You know It ain't about they career? It is just Like what the them Asst a person. So know I be running to the ones. That ain't good. Like good people. we good men. They might be good people but just not good men. Mm. Did you ever think It was anything internal? We me know. Nah, I ain't know the problem. you, That's what everybody who the problem says, you know, That.


Right. I for real. Ain't the problem though. Never. Uhuh you ain't never ever been a problem in a relationship. No, because anytime I be Like. So what, what, what? I need to change what I need to do. They never ain't got nothing. They never got nothing to say. It never be me Because AT That point. They just Ready to leave It alone. It's Like. you probably, you probably been doing too much. Nah, he just don't ever be me. I don't believe That, I'm an angel. I'm Hipping. Since Now. Everything, everything you describe yourself. Asst. The Memphis choir girl turned Husky. Voice rap phenom. Did you ever sing in the church choir? Really? Know I used I used to sing real good And. What happened? you Like. I heard you lost your voice or something. Like That You Know I guess 'cause I started smoking. And I had not sung in so long. Then I just started smoking in high school.


And then I tried to sing one time I went to church with my mama. And I couldn't do It. No More. you just in That moment. you just, she ain't asking you what was wrong with you. I. My momma had been found out. That I had started smoking. But I just couldn't see no More. She still be telling me I still got It. And You know I ain't got It. Like, she just got hoped That. One day I'm gonna start back singing. Mm, I got I got another question about everything is everything because I, I, I love the record. That's You gotta That, you gotta say everything. Everything. Add thing. know I, love the record You know from That Project Emotionally. Was That a tough record to record because the song is very self-reflective And. you talk about what's going on in That Mirror a lot. Was It very hard? Was It hard to record? It was actually easy. Like the songs That.


I'm really speaking on Like. It be easy to record because It be what going on in real life. So Oh. So those are the easier records to write. So what about the Like, the party records, And the turn up records or the radio records. Those are the More difficult ones. Nah, they be easy too. Like because I just really just gotta turn up everything really be easy Because you really being, you know, And. Okay, that's, that's good advice for people. I think that's the hardest thing for a lot of people nowadays. They don't wanna be they self And. I think that's when they get the the, the writer's block is That how you felt early when you were saying That, you know, had got stuck Know. 'cause I was just trying to go big. Like I got to ask them Like Oh what Latina artist can I work with? Like I was just instantly trying to go too big. And. So know why Like?


What was you looking? AT. That made you say man, I need to I need to I need to just jump out the window. And go be Like Like. Why not just build It up? Keep doing what you was doing. And. Build It up Because I feel Like. When I first started, I went from there instantly up. So I just feel Like. I had to keep going higher. And. So I just got lost in the mix to It All. We got More with Gorilla when we come back. Now this is her joint off the album featuring Kirk Franklin. It's called Ray down on me. Mr The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. We are The Breakfast Club, DJ And, the Jess Larry Charlamagne, the guy Lauren Rosa Osa Fill It in for Jess Charlamagne had a chance to sit down with Glo Rilla. Her album Glorious is out right now. Hopefully you guys have picked It up or Listen to It already.


This is from his out of context series, which releases AT 9:00 AM Let's get into part three. Me Megs on the album with the song, how I Look. know And. you got a line, I Love you Say, just drove by the cemetery. There's plenty room for Host. you, you, you And Megan Thee Stallion seem to become Like really close. During your tour together, do you feel Like That experience of love, And Acceptance would made Is the norm with women in the rap game? Or are there usually More conflict? I feel Like. If she genuine, then It just going to happen. Like, you know, a lot of be fake, you know, just industry relationships. But being on tour with me, And, And hanging around her Like. Even now, she'll call me every other day or text me And. I'll do the same to her.


And. It's just genuine. It ain't forced or nothing. Like, That, And. So I just feel Like. If it's genuine, then It ain't gonna be no conflict. How did That relationship first developed? Okay, so I went to a Halloween party. That was the first time I met her And. Then I went to her Like, Nike release party. It was around her birthday And. Then That, same week we went to the studio. Just That same week. know how many songs y'all recorded? We had recorded two, we had recorded Wannabe And, her song Accent. We recorded Accent first And. Then we did wanna be second And then know we just put them jumps out. How was the experience of the to what did you, what did you learn on That? To It was Like. I was already in the, in the midst of building my confidence. 'cause I was going. I was in the gym every day.


I still been in the gym every day. And then Like. My performance just got better. And know It was just Like. That I. Guess It. Make somebody That you Like can, can go to for advice. And, you know, just help guide you through this game. Know Like some certain That, I. Ask her about And. She'll let me know. She'll tell me about It. What about Cardi? You know Cardi is your blood cousin. Do y'all kick It? Does she give you advice on how to navigate through this industry? Know I be calling Carter. Sometime we be talking about stuff. And. She'll give me Like little tips. I love Carter. When you, when you see her Like going off about her relationship, do you call her And? Try to talk her off the ledge? Nah, because you know you gotta let It out sometimes. you know, You don't think people be giving social media too much.


I mean ev to each his own. you know, if she feel Like, that's her way of letting It out, then that's what she gotta Do. And. The the reason I ask That though is 'cause you clearly have no problem calling your friends And telling them the man they with don't deserve them. You know because you got the song And money. Long phenomenal record by the way, called Don't Deserve. know what Inspired That. Record I go through a lot. I done been through a lot of relationships. And then I had friends. Like, That, I learned from And. Their relationships. And, they be going through stuff. And, I be Like. you don't gotta go through That Like. He ain't even, he shouldn't even be the one taking you through That. And. So I just It gave me an idea to make a song about It. The the tone feels It feels similar to Like Eve. Love is Blind know. Was That Like an inspiration for That Record Know?


Because once I was making the record, I was Like. Mm. Ain't nobody made another record. Like That Like Eve did with That song. So know they gave me Inpo too because I love That song Man who put you on all That old music because you, you you got a bar in in the glorious album. And. you see ti Serious And. That's Like a reference to I'm serious. And. you say something Like he said, he said he wanna see the cream. So Cash Rules, that's Wutang. Then this got the lovers blind Tone Like. Who put you on all of That? That, you know That classic music? you my Parents Oh Like. My daddy is 73. My mama was six one. know? But you Said she you she's super Christian. But she know the music though. Oh. So she, she was bumping hip hop, And, the her know. Okay.


Not, Not, not the, not Like, the hip hop That was on tv. Like one, Oh, six, And Park type of hiphop know And. My mama love Tia. My mama upset with Tia. you know I got an old family. Like. So your older siblings And, everybody was know Like. They fought in in their thirties And stuff. So You know a lot about whole school Stuff. So when you was legit, they was, you heard all of That growing up. Got you. Got you. Had your mom met Tia yet? Have you made That happen? I, FaceTime, I I saw Tia in the airport in Atlanta one day. And I FaceTimed my mama. And let her see him And. What'd she say? She was, She was so happy. you know how, how your mama be when they in the bed And, they ain't got they stuff together. They be Like, Uhuh, I don't look right. you was Like That Word. you did a, you did a lot of justice to wipe me down too.


It's hard to remake those Negro spirituals. But you put your own thing on It. What, what gave you the confidence to to touch That album? When the beat came And stuff. But It was just Like. you just gotta be a, he gotta be good. you can't mess up. No. Classic. Did you reach out to Booie to get his, to get his blessing or you just did It And let him hear It Oh. Booie was in the video. He heard the song. I'm talking, I'm talking about before You know you was in the video but before when you just recorded It You know he heard It. When I had put the snippet on, we I was on Live. And I had previewed It Did you make sure he get paid because you know Booie be talking about everybody sampling. He be talking about everybody sampling in his music. And not paying him. Did you make sure he got It money? He good Oh. He good know. Okay. What made you wanna put Sexy on It? Just to do the collab.


Know I always, you know the World been wanting me in the sexy red collab And. you know we had to make That happen. And then I be Like. Okay, this is a fun song. This sound Like song she'll get on because we act I ain't gonna say That but know What you about to say. Y'all act alike? Nah. What? Nothing. My, you know my, my niece is a dj. Nala Simone And. She said That, when you in the club, now you gotta play a sexy red set. you gotta play a gorilla set. So I guess you right. She said you 'cause y'all did a record together. So now she got, she said she's good That, y'all did a record together. 'cause she can put It in the, in That rotation with y'all. Yep. So I, what I was Finn say was we was in the studio working on something And. We actually did another song And. So I'm Like Oh.


you know what I hear you on this song? Like. 'cause she had to go to a show. I'm Like. Okay I'm just gonna send this to you And. you just get on this And. Then she did her verse, Somebody told me y'all was doing an album together. That True. Who told you? That I don't know where the hell I heard. That AT It may come true one day. know but It If, you know one day Is It Like a mix tape or y'all just It maybe can be a mix tape. But we It, we don't. It ain't started yet. How many songs You we one day you Mic And have How many songs Y got together? I Don't know. It's an album coming. Sexy Red Lorea album coming soon Now Crop Top with some biker shorts showing off my Moose Knuckle. My man Nav Green. you took APIC with him? AT Drew's festival.


And. He said in his caption on I Instagram Big Glow wasn't lying Knuckle for damn show hashtag Moose Knuckle Monday. I feel Like. Your Moose knuckle is gonna have its own Instagram page soon. And I never heard a woman own their moose knuckle the way That you have. When did That start? Okay so I ain't gonna lie. Like, when I be posting certain pictures, Like I really got It from the fans 'cause Like, they'll be Like. Damn you got a Moose snuggle on you And. So Like I just took I Like I. They say It all the time. And. So while I was rapping 'cause the line I said do nothing. I'm Like what Rhyme with It do nothing. I'm Like Moose Snuck And, I'm Like. Fuck And. I'm gonna say It Like. 'cause they always be saying It about me. And. So I, that's how That Bar came about.


Own It own everything about you. Why not? Why not know? What's your relationship with Damien a Lila Like you talking about? They just asked him about you the other day. AT a press conference. Look If, you dropping, getting all nervous thinking about That man. Oh, Who nervous? You getting all nervous thinking about That? Man they just, hi. They asked him about you And. He said, you know I, keep my personal life personal. And let It be That. I respect her. Asst an artist. We know each other. She's an artist. I'm an artist. But Asst, far Asst. Anything else? It Ain't nothing going on. That's what I can tell. you Know, That's That know. Did you ever, did y'all ever speak Kick It talk? Nothing. You know, it's a lot of s in the World. And. They keep saying every better. Ask about one. It's going to me up.


You. you better start talking about some.


The World Is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces That Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features. Like wireless Apple call play And. A panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive And exciting And with new performance, And safety features. Like intelligent all-Wheel Drive. The kicks is both fun. And safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan kicks. Only one question remains. Is It a new era for you? Asst, we drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service, And consumer activation of Nissan Connect services Package required use only when safe And legal subject to third party service availability for More information. See Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a is a trademark of AppleLink intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic. And weather conditions.


This election season, the stakes are higher than ever. I. Think the choice is clear in this election. Join me Charlamagne tha God for we the people in Audio Town Hall, where Vice President Kamala Harris And, you live from Detroit, Michigan, exclusively on iHeartRadio. They'll tackle the tough questions, depressing issues in the future of our nation. We May not see eye to eye on every issue, but America, we are not going Back. Don't miss this powerful conversation with Vice President Kamala Harris. Tomorrow AT 5:00 PM Eastern, 2:00 PM Pacific on the free iHeartRadio app, hip hop beat station.


Hey, it's Mike And Ian. We're the hosts of how to Do Everything from NPRs. Wait, wait, don't tell me Each week we take your questions And. Find someone much smarter than us to answer them Questions. Like, how do you survive the Bermuda Triangle? How do you find a date inside the Bermuda Triangle? We can't help you, but we will find someone who can Listen to the How of Your Everything. Podcast on iHeartRadio.


I Felt Too Seen Dragged. I'm NK And. This is Basket case. So I basically had what back in the day, they would Call her nervous breakdown. I was crying And. I was inconsolable. It was just very big sudden swaps of different Meds. What is wrong with me? Oh. Look. If, you gimme therapy girl. Finally, a chauffeur. The mentally ill girlies on basket case. I talk to people about what happens when what we call mental health is shaped by the conditions of the World we live in. Because If, you haven't noticed. We are experiencing some kind of conditions. That are pretty hard to live with. But If, you struggle to cope. The society That created the conditions in the first place will tell you there's something wrong with you. And It will call you a basket case. Listen to basket case. Every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Dene Car Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was murdered. There are crooks everywhere you look. Now the situation is desperate. My name is Manuel Delia I am one of the hosts of Crooks Everywhere. A podcast That unearths the plot to murder a one woman. WikiLeaks definitely expose the culture of crime. And corruption. That. Were turning her beloved country into a mafia state. And. She paid the ultimate price. Listen to Crooks everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Shout out. Shout out a couple other ones. Now does, does anybody in your family have an issue with your music? Because you, you know, Like, you mentioned It a little bit earlier, meaning folks Like to say you can't give glory to God. And still rap about rat. People think It can't be a balance. So does any of your family members ever say glory? you can't do the secular music. Uhuh. What you gotta Do. They just all supportive of It. I ain't gotta do, Does your mom still think you go to church? And, she was Like. Glory. Wherever you AT, make sure you go to church. And, get online. And. Watch something. My mom. Make sure I pray. She always send me Like little videos with certain pastors. And messages, And stuff. But know I always pray. She always text me motivational stuff When you look AT Project Pack, he's preaching.


Now know I saw That. Do you see yourself making That move in the future? For sure. I think It can happen. People already be saying Like, I I. Minister to them in my music. And one day It can Happen. My final question, what does success look Like for? Gorilla, what is your, what is your end goal? What end goal is to make my mark. Where I. Where I made It. It. And I. Be able to take care of all my people. I. Love the way I want to And. know. Know that's Be Gorilla. Thank you know, appreciate you. Thank You. That was a great interview. Good morning everybody. We are The Breakfast. Club If you.


Let's get to Jess with the Mess with Lauren And. LaRosa Real Jessica. Robin Moore just don't do no lying. She don't spell nobody. We I Jess World. Why mess on The? Breakfast Club. She's the coaches. Who? Lauren. Lauren LaRosa. And I got the Mess. Talk to me. So Uncle Charla sat down with Glo Rilla for Outta context with Charlemagne And. The God And. There was a lot of parts of this interview. That I. Think I already knew this, but I'm Like I. Just money Long. He got his booty shorts on. know. But the dude I just feel her so much on so many different levels.


And watching And. Listen More to the interview. What? Why didn't interview just yell That out just now. What was That About? Because he felt That Money Long got the booty shorts on. Know he felt That And I allowed him to, you know, listen, I'm inclusive. Okay? So if that's how he feels, if that's what you do in your spare time, I don't know why you over there looking confused. Like, you ain't never seen the booty shorts. I Don know what you talking about. That's I'm just Like what Know. All right, we what y'all talking about. So in the interview she talks about a lot. Speaking of booty shorts, she talks about working with Sexy Red And. The fact That, there may be some sort of album coming. Let's say, listen, you Did a, you did a lot of justice to wipe me down too. It's hard to remake those negro spirituals. But you put your own thing on It. What, what gave you the confidence to to touch That? The beat. When the beat came And stuff. And. It was just Like.


you just, he gotta be good. you can't mess up. No. Classic. Did you reach out to Booie to get his, to get his blessing? Or you just did It And Let him hear It I don't know. He heard It. When I had put the snippet on, we I was on Live. And. I had preview read. It. Did you make sure he get paid? Because you know, Booy be talking about everybody's sampling. He be talking about everybody sampling in his music. And not paying him. Did you make sure he got his money? He good Oh. He good know. Okay. What made you wanna put Sexy on It? Just to do the collab. You know the World been wanted me in the sexy red collab And. So we had to make That happen. And. Then I was Like. Okay, this is a fun song. This sound Like song she'll get on. Somebody told me y'all was doing an album together. That's True. It May And come true one day. know? But It If, you know, one day is It Like a mix tape. Or you know, this It maybe can be a mix tape. But we ain't It ain't started yet. How many songs you got together, I? Don't know.


It's an album coming. Sexy Red Illa album coming soon. I would love That. Too cold. Too cold. Go Illa Sexy Red album right Now. I Promise you It would, it's a spring Summer album. It would It. It would. It would last until then. It would heat up the street. I would love That. Anytime That come, That comes. I would love That If It comes right around. Now, homecoming, season two Know we ain't got nothing else to do. I still think it's too cold for a gorilla. Sexy right now. I feel what you saying. But I think I I think them. When did she drop Ryan And with my twin And? Them That was winter time too, right? Tomorrow? Nah, I don't think so. That was early. know I feel Like. Like was Party had a leather jacket on in the video. I don't remember I don't know. But I think Gorilla Sexy Red together can heat up the streets. AT, any point in time. I'm totally here for It. It, I. Don't know if we can start a petition to get this out.


But I will sign It. I will wear the T-shirts. Okay, let, Let, let this album work first. Let this album do what it's supposed to Do first, know. 'cause this one is good. Asst, we We can this. What's crazy? So remember I was telling you y'all Like I be feeling her on certain stuff. So Oh Boy know, listen. So she was talking about, you got y y'all brought up the record. That she did with Lotto, where she's, she's talking about Like getting trapped by men. Just different things. Let's take a listen to this audio. And, I'll under explain to y'all why I, why I felt this so much. know She got some, you know, a record with Lotto called Procedure. Are men really trying to trap you? And get you pregnant. Know How? How do you handle That One 800? That's crazy. So you really, in the records, you said That, you might have to get your tubes tied. If, you don't really mean That Know, but Like I do wanna have kids, but not my own kids.


Like. I wanna do the surrogate. know I want somebody else to have my baby. I want them to have my DNA. But I don't want to have It, Like, Oh. That's smart. know why? Just 'cause of your career or just I, just don't want to actually have a baby You. Know what? What did you see somebody have a bad experience? That made you feel Like. I don't wanna carry a baby. Like. All my friends got kids. And. They just Like. They can't do It. They restricted a lot when they pregnant. I'm Like. Nah, I don't wanna go through That. we, It's just for nine months. Oh this too long. When listen, And, you feel That? Yes. The men. Men should be trying to trap You. we you are the prize baby. you baby you me. The point when you are the prize, you have to protect yourself in a certain way. When she said It And, I'm Like. People always talk about Like women trapping men. But no guys be out here trying to get you, who be trying to trap, you know, they be trying to get you.


you gotta be really careful 'cause you end up in a long term situation. you ain't trying to be in Oh. Mind you I told you last week, I haven't said, mind you, your business over my money, my finances, And You know I got the new Bobby. But don't even look over here. I'm just Listen More to you. Okay, great. So That, One word came outta my Mouth. And. When she talked about the nine months pregnancy thing, I do wanna actually experience That. And You know a lot of women Like talk, they have different experiences with pregnancy. But I always say That Like, that's a long time to have to Like sit down. you can't go to happy hour Like. This is a long time. So you Worried about drinking? I'm just, this my lifestyle general. you ain't See nothing else about, but you just worried about Drinking I? No, not just drinking, just life, lifestyle in general. I had a conversation with my homegirl over the weekend. And. She was saying That. Like. That's been one of her biggest things in dealing with sitting Down for nine Months.


Your life is just, It was just different for her. And. She's actually Like preparing for Like what? Her postpartum might be. Like because of That. Because we, I'm gonna tell you. So She's been sitting still for so long. If, you can't sit still for nine months. I, don't know If. you want take the time to raise a child for the next 18 years. If, you can't handle the nine months. We, it'll be Like. It don't slow. It's Longer than It. Slow you down still because I have from my friend said It, don't slow you down. Just make you better. What? Having a kid, We, you ain't gonna be partying Like. you be partying. By the time I have a kid. I'm not gonna wanna be, I'm trying to, my life is gonna change in the next Like year. I'm tired right now. So you, you just be, You just be confusing. God. you be out every night. I always tell you whatever you want to happen in your life. Speak Yes And. I'm going to. Now You just confusing God. What am I confusing him about? I'm gonna have a beautiful family by That time. I'm not gonna be out party.


And And. And be gonna be yachting And a year. I said Like two envy. Relax, I need some time. But I wanna get this last one in because this right here, I was Like. Ooh. So she talked about Damien Lir. you asked her about Damien Littler And. She, she gets asked about him all the time now And, he gets asked about her. Let's take a listen to her response. What's your relationship with Damien Lir? Like talking about, they just asked him about you the other day. AT a press conference. Look, If you dropping, you getting all nervous thinking about That man. Too nervous. you getting all nervous thinking about That. Man, they just, my, they asked him about you And. He said, you know I, keep my personal life personal. And. Let It be That. I. Respect her. Asst an artist. We know each other. She's an artist. I'm an artist. But Asst, far Asst anything else? It Ain't nothing going on. That's what I can tell.


you know? That's That know. Did you ever, did y'all ever speak Kick It talk? Nothing. you know, It's a lot of, in the World And, they keep saying, everybody ask about one. It's going to me up. You, you better start talking about some other you shout out. you shout out. A couple other ones Know. Did you, You, did you listen to That I? Yes, I did. Because the way you be, have setting me up in here? Mm, go ahead If. you just wanna say what? If, You don't want me to ask you about any guys? 'cause it'll mess you up with all your other guys. Lauren. That's what you're saying right now. You doing It? You're doing That thing. That. She just told you. I'm just saying. So you what you Call your cousin? No, I'm calling Nothing Oh. you just Biglow. That's just It big glow because you Like the claim. Cousins, you from the south.


No. I just decided to make sure. But listen. But listen, you, you didn't listen. you said I. What? Don't ask you about no other guys because It mess up with the other guys. Did It mess you up with all the other guys you got? Did I say That or did It Glo just say That? you Just say you over there Bob. The Bob is answering for you. And. That Bob Chicken by itself. Bob is answering for you. The bob. How many guys do you have? I didn't say anything about anything. I just said. So why you feel That? Charlemagne? Why you, Why you feel listen To the Bob. Listen to the Bob. Listen to y'all. The bob is in here bobbing, And, weaving all these questions. Stop. That's what I Got told you. That. That's what I got. Stop. Come back to when you heal, please. you aint heal yet. That's Right. First of all, don't even let me get into It about That one. They told you to Hill last week. What happened with That one? Now They all be lying. They be capping. That's deflection.


Listen to the Bob Charla, stop asking us about one thing 'cause it's a lot going on. Okay, Lord I will stop asking you about your hoes on the radio. Whoa. There will be no More conversation. Why would you, why would you even classify them men? Asst That Don, rapper to That. One guy And Chill. you about That. Dr. King. Rap to That one. King That said Yo, you know, get your stuff together, And, come back, spin the block. Who's That? you See what I'm saying? We, you are n you know mean Oh, my God. Hey you. The The Bob says we how get out here. The Bob says it's time to go That Poor King. Thank you for ing the best. My bob. My Bob. Tired over here, Oh. Lord, listen, the conversation sounded Crazy. Sound crazy. The Outta context conversation with Gorilla will be available. AT 9:00 AM for you.


View And pleasure on my YouTube channel. AT seat of God. And. If. you wanna listen to It on the podcast? It'll be out on black Effect later on today. Asst, we Alright? Shela man, who you giving That down tube, Man. Four after the hour, we need Reginald Reynolds, And Mia, Baggins, I. Think I'm pronouncing her name right? you definitely Pronounce That Wrong. know they need to come to the front of the congregation. We Like to have a word with them. What's the last name again? I. Don't Know. Alright, we'll Get to That next. Used The, Breakfast, Club. you know his list. Don't let him say That. you trying to be a fake Asst. Charlamagne some donkey days, just so Themselves. I been watching Charlamagne. What's Ready for you? Donkey. Donkey. I never heard old donkey other day. What is It? Comic Donkey say It again. Charlamagne. I'm a donkey. know donkey you everything And Charlamagne saying is true.


Yes, donkey. Today for Monday, October 14th goes to Reginald Reynolds. And Mia Batos. I'm sharp Pronounce That name wrong, but we can call her Mia. Bagging dope. They are 35 And, 37 years old. Respectfully, they are from Portland, Oregon. And, I. Don't know why. When I saw this story today, I thought to myself, either I'm experiencing deja vu or I've done this story before. But I figured out the issue. The issue is there is this bag. That. People buy And. The bag says things about drugs on It. This particular in this particular case, Reginald And. Mia had a bag. That said, definitely not a bag full of drugs. Oh, that's what It said on the bag. Definitely not a bag full of drugs. Now, if I was a police officer or any type of law enforcement, And, there was a bag in your car.


That said, definitely not a bag full of drugs. Guess what bag I'm going. Probably search first. Now granted, I wouldn't actually believe someone is stupid enough to have a bag full of drugs. And a bag labeled bag full of drugs. But this is, this is Earth. Okay, 2024. Whatever level of stupidity your brain can conceive, there is a donkey on this planet And, who can achieve. Let's go to ABC 10 for the report, please. Tonight we're looking into a story. That seems hard to believe. It claims a couple was arrested after officers found drugs in a bag. That had definitely not a bag full of drugs printed on It And. Folks, this one is true. The Portland Police Bureau in Oregon, look AT. This posted this picture on social media. They say they discover the bag along with cash.


A gun And scales during a traffic stop Tuesday inside the bag. you guessed It. They found More than 10 grams of fentanyl, And meth. know the couple was booked on drug charges along with unauthorized use of a vehicle. And possession of a Stolen vehicle. See some of these donkeys be layered. Why would you be riding dirty in a stolen car? Mm. Can you please commit to one crime AT a time? Do you simultaneously have to be committing multiple felony offenses? And, if you're going to be in a stolen car, would a Ford Taurus's ignition has been visibly tampered with? Why would you have baggies of drugs just visible in a stolen car? Not to mention, you got this big brown canvas bag labeled definitely not a bag full of drugs.


And in That bag. And in That bag was 79 blue Fentanyl pills three fake what? Like your mouth water is just there. you know this. That's That Like. That's crazy. For you have That in Delaware. Darn three fake Oxycodone tablets. And 230 grams of meth. Not to mention a loaded 38 You know I wrote a book called Get Honest to Die Lying, but damn. Okay, Reginald And meia. you know, they, they, they probably was telling the officers Like. Look, officer, we're just practicing radical honesty. you know, transparency. And crime is a new movement. And That Officer was Like. Thank you for making my job easier. By the way, this transparency, And crime movement still comes with 15 years to life. Now You know what some of you might be thinking.


Is Oregon aren't drugs legal in Oregon? we can. 2020 Oregon decriminalized the possession of small amounts of hard drugs in an effort to redirect city funding from criminalization And toward treatment of substance use disorders. The measure passed with high levels of public support. That faltered, Asst overdose And homelessness rates rose in the state during the COVID-19 pandemic. When Rihanna makeup became widely available, but in September, the state criminalized drug possession. So the moral of the story is all of this was illegal. Okay? There is absolutely no right way to do the wrong thing. Even in Oregon. And, everything Reginald And Mia did was completely wrong. Okay, Reginald And. Mia might be the first criminals in the history of crime who actually labeled the evidence for the police.


And You know they thought labeling It not a bag full of drugs would throw people off Like. There is no way folks would think they were That dumb. But it's not about what we think. It's about what you know about yourself. Reginal And Mia. Okay. you had to know That. you are indeed That dumb. Okay? Please give Reginald Reynolds And Mia bag And STOs the sweet sounds. And the Hamiltons You, the you of the day.


Haw That is ridiculous. I have a question. That's Like Lauren wearing a T-shirt. That says, definitely not single. What'd you say? What Question? Or Like? you wearing a t-shirt saying Definitely healed because know It's a journey. Oh is It. It's a process. know so's mine. Okay, girls. Okay, girls, what is your question, Lauren? I'm been feeling Like with Nene And. Porsche And. Guess who's Nene? I love to be Porsche. Drop a bar for Porsche. Hey, you, you, you just help them out. you thank you, you very much. you help them out. That is absolutely my sugar. P is my girl. But everybody knows That, the real cat. Like. The the comebacks is Nene With Porsche. I love to. It's the house That, Nene leaks built. But anyway, my question before I was rudely interrupted. Yes, ma'am. Is this not entrapment though? Because entrapment, why would you be allowed to sell a bag?


That says, definitely not drugs. Knowing That, someone might put drugs in It because they think it's Like funny or something. 'cause there's this thing called satire And. So whoever made That bag was just making It probably just to be funny. And, they knew That. you know, people would walk around with the bug. And just Like up the bag. Asst Like a fashion statement. But they didn't think they'd actually put drugs inside of It. you got a Birken. What does this say on you? Birken Not fake. If. you fake Like. This Birkin. Shout out to Sonic Saturday. you fake Like. This Birkin. But That has I hate this place. That has nothing. I hate this place. I hate This place. I just That was shade. It was shade. That was a whole tree. Who you go over there planting the today Babies Doing It, feeding the soil. Right guys? Not Gal, don't worry gals. I I got a new Bob. And. I got.


So, I'm Ready When we come back. I'm, I'm armored by the bob today. Don't play with Me. Young Dro And ti will be joining us. We gonna talk to Ti And Young Dro, when we come back. I hate this place. Definitely not a nice person. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good boy. The Breakfast. Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Jess is on maternity leave. So Lauren Ro is filling in And. We got some special guests joining us this morning. Yes indeed. We have T I And, the Brother, young Joe Welcome fellas. Hey. So What's up? How y'all feeling this morning? Man? know Blessed. We know you. We know. We know. We know you. Yes. First And foremost.


Congratulations man. Thank you. you. How does It feel? I heard. That. That. You're not really taking any shows anymore. we That. That got to be the first thing you know. I'm saying. Congratulations. Thank you, I. Appreciate. you know That's How It showed. That's actually our show. Show. But know I'm excited about It, man. you know, it's gonna be a dope show. And And, you know, I still have other performance. And stuff. That. I agreed to when I felt Like. I needed to do It, you know, with PSE or just I, And I And I still, you know what I'm saying? The PSE, you know, what I'm saying. They, they probably, they gonna get Like probably three, four, you know what I'm saying? Three, four of them Like all. Come on y'all. Let's do It. you know, Like One ear, quarter, You You know. I'm just joking, man. I'm just joking. But I'm for real.


I sitting over here looking. AT him, Like. you doing this to me? you doing this to me? Don't worry about It, man. Plenty of room on the yacht, man room On the, you know, I was always told Retirement is not an age. It's an income. And, we heard you say That. This solo album gonna be your last album. know Like NB just said, you said it's gonna be your last show. know, last Paid show. But look, That, That, That, That don't mean That. I'm not going to steal work. Okay? you know what I'm saying? Like. There are other things, That, I'm doing, I'm still writing, producing, directing films. I'm, I'm working on my third one. We about to start AT filming. It's called Situationship. So romantic comedy based in Atlanta. Law Line is looking for love in Atlanta. Good luck. I'm excited about That. It's the first film. That. I'd be directing And, starring in myself, Terrence j Brittany Hall, Dominique Perry.


you know what I'm saying? So, you know, we got, you know what I'm saying? Other things, That, we doing, I'm probably finna shoot my special end of the year. you know what I'm saying? Now, Joe, you took a step back, man. you, you, you, you took a step back. you didn't put out opposite, what, 2015. Mm. Took a step back. know I mean Like, Asst, far Asst. Put putting out albums. You Know Like. you know what I mean? Over That period of time. It. I still put out Like little pieces of projects, And things. That, Like, That of That Nature. you know what I mean? I think we did after That, we had TikTok know You. know what I'm saying? Put out TikTok, And, And. Then I went into rehab. And stuff. Like, That. you know what I mean? So I've been rebuilding myself. Asst a, a person.


Absolutely. you know what I mean? I felt Like. I should dig into the inside of me. And, find out what, what I have to give to the public. you feel what I'm saying? And. If, if, if, if nobody can find the good in you or see the good in you, I, think you should give him a hug. And. Tell him life is difficult for the blind. you know, that's real. He Had he, He had the DD you know what I'm saying? know he the dig. know. When, when did you, when did you decide or what got you into rehab? When was That That call And. And said, this is the time because I mean for my whole career. I I would see Dro in the club with me every week. And Joe was performing. Joe is AT every stage you were, you were the epitome of an artist. 'cause you were out. Know I got tired. Like the same things over And over again, getting high. And saying, I'm not getting high And. you know, repeating, repeating, Repeating the same.


And, I, Like, And, man struggle. The man. Talk about It real overcoming It real struggle. That man back in That, I'm gonna ask you because your crew just doesn't do nothing but laugh. Like, even his now two ti iss, Like Welcome to Like. Nobody takes It. Serious It. But you know what though? What you a bad pill? Got him. you let It all after That bad pill. Guy three bought three. He's telling the truth. Like, nah, but you know, you know, And, Like, Like, all of these things happened to where It made me want to actually seek something better. you know what I mean? So, when I took myself to rehab out in la, did a couple months out there, And It was cool.


you know what I'm saying? I got back out. And I was still tempted to live That kinda life. But I saw what was in front To say, you know, It could actually help people that's going through the same thing. That, you are actually going through, or That you dealt with, you know, I mean the support team. you feel what I'm saying? Because the first time It happened, we had Like an intervention And, he came over. You mean first time Like overdose, first time, or I need to know what the Grand Hustle And intervention looks. Like. We, he came over there. Hey, er, I'm Like, bro. I'm delicate right now. you feel? But I mean Like. The love I got And, the support. I got It. It made me feel safe. It made me feel safe. And. you know what I'm saying? Of course, I do feel ashamed. you know what I'm saying? AT first, you know what I mean? Why? It's A disease. There ain't nothing to be Ashamed about.


we, because Like, we from, you don't supposed to let nobody see you. Like, That. you know what I'm saying? We always talk Like. you know what I'm saying? Once you find yourself in That position, And your brother, call you out on It. you be, you be you be hoping That. you could get rid of It before he come. And check me know. But when he come check me on It, I get mad. AT myself, And be Like. Damn I supposed to got straight before. you know what I mean? My manager would come, or if he would come. you feel what I'm saying? So It was, It Was we. Now the, now the up thing about It is, you know what I'm saying? And, we've had this conversation before. Like Asst, long Asst. He was battling this addiction. Long Asst. He was on drugs. I never actually saw him do drugs. I never saw It, Like. you know what I'm saying? So whatever he would do, he'd do It, And, I. Don't know whether he would hide why he was around me or not.


But I Was. But, but what I'm saying is, when Like, while we was around each other, man, you did what you gonna do, bro. I ain't finna sit around And watch you do this. I ain't going to do It. I feel Like I. Remember That, period. When you was It, feel Like, you was giving Joe tough love. Like. you had to put him to the side. you didn't cut him off. I Didn't put him to the side. I just told him, man, you going either man, either you I, I can't just continue to support you. Deteriorate, destroy yourself. So many of our, our leaders, And, so many of our heroes of our culture are, are passing away If. you know, If, you know, because the Fentanyl epidemic is, is real. Yes, sir. you feel me? And, we've seen so many people fall And not make It. That man made It three times.


What drug was It was It Perk. It was Fentanyl. It was a perk. know, know, It was a perk. know I mean. So once, once I, once I took It, I didn't believe It. you feel what I'm saying? So when It when It happened, I felt Like. I felt Like. Now I'm obligated to tell my story. And. So It can help somebody. That's in, you know, that's fighting addiction. you know what I mean? We just lost a Atlanta legend. know, rest, peace. you know what I'm That's right. You know, And, And for me to be there, And made It through I. Think That, you know, I I should use these, this platform. That, I have, you know, That, he shares With me. And. And, then And. Then It was also after we lost our partner Peanut. The D Peanut. The D Peanut, The Dun Like kind of. He, he died the same way. Same way.


you know what I'm saying? But for, it's a calling on this man life. So when you say, why is he sharing It I? Don't think he has a choice. No I feel Like. He would kind of position to, to survive all the stuff. That, he survived to have the effortless connection with community. you know what I'm saying? Alright. We got More with T. I And Young Joe, when we come back, don't move, it's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Good morning. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get back into our interview with T. I. And. Dr. Lauren, How did you feel after you're in the studio? And, you finally said it's on, it's on the record. Like, did you feel weight lifted off of you? Or did you, were you anxious about how people would respond to knowing exactly what happened, or I felt Like. A weight lifted off of me because of where we recorded AT with Kurt, with Kurt Franklin.


I overdosed in That studio. Wow. Wow. So I. Think That. Where God, where I bought myself. AT God built me right back up. know. Was That a Purposely done thing? Or do I just ended up back? That Studio Know, God just put It, It just happened That way. you know what I'm saying? And, I. And. I was shamed to go back to the studio. you know, I was talking to Guy I was Like I don't want to go back. And And, he was Like. Go back in there. And. Watch what I do you know what I mean? I was gonna ask, did you, did you deal with why you needed, or why you thought you needed those pills? Was It upset? Was It I wanted to turn up? Was did you think you needed It to make a record? Did you deal with That? Part of It? Because that's the part. That scares me with any artist. 'cause it's Like. you take It feeling Like, it's gonna take you to someplace else. And. It's Like. we What made you feel Like? I had to take That pill To It. It. It started out with Like just having fun.


And, you know, in the hood getting high. But then It made me feel Like. I needed It to make good music. you know what I'm saying? And And. Actually, It just stimulated And. I used to just write crazy And. Then It It got to the point where Like It became an an addiction. So It That went out the window. Music went out the window. And. Then I was Like Oh. we I need It to, you know, do this And, do That know You, know what I'm saying? Plus from trauma, you know what I'm saying? Things happened to me when I was younger. you know what I mean? Being shot. And introduced to Demerol. And addicted to That in the hospital. And, you know, from, from the, from the way I got whoopings. Asst a child. How Does That affect you with your kids? How you discipline your kids? I. See, I I I recognized It And.


I'm not gonna do It to That degree.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces That Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features. Like wireless Apple call play And. A panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive And exciting And with new performance, And safety features. Like intelligent all-Wheel Drive. The Kicks is both fun. And safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan kicks. Only one question remains. Is It a new era for you? Asst We Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available features compatible device service, And consumer activation of Nissan Connect services Package required use only when safe And legal subject to third party service availability for More information. See Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of AppleLink intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic, And weather conditions.


This collection season, the stakes are higher than ever. I. Think the choice is clear in this election. Join me, Charlamagne, the God for we the people in Audio Town Hall with Vice President Kamala Harris. And. you live from Detroit, Michigan, exclusively on iHeartRadio. They'll tackle the tough questions, depressing issues in the future of our nation. We may not see eye to eye on every issue, but America, we are not going back. Don't miss this powerful conversation with Vice President Kamala Harris. Tomorrow, AT 5:00 PM Eastern, 2:00 PM Pacific on the free iHeartRadio app, hip Hop Beat Station.


Hey, it's Mike And Ian. We're the hosts of how to Do Everything from NPRs. Wait, wait, don't tell me each Week we take your questions And. Find someone much smarter than us to answer Them questions. Like, how do you survive the Bermuda Triangle? How do you find a date inside the Bermuda Triangle? We can't help you, but we will find someone who can Listen to the How to Do Everything Podcast on iHeartRadio.


I Felt too seen, Dragged. I'm nk And. This is Basket case. So, I basically had what? Back in the day, they would Call a nervous breakdown. I was crying. And. I was inconsolable. It was just very big sudden swaps of different Meds. What is wrong with me? Oh. Look. If, you gimme therapy girl. Finally, a cha for the mentally ill girlies on basket case. I, talk to people about what happens when what we call mental health is shaped by the conditions of the World we live in. Because If, you haven't noticed. We are experiencing some kind of conditions. That are pretty hard to live with. But If, you struggle to cope. The society That created the conditions in the first place will tell you there's something wrong with you. And It will call you a basket case. Listen to Basketcase every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


De Caria was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was murdered. There are crooks everywhere you look. Now the situation is desperate. My name is Manuel Delia I am one of the hosts of Crooks Everywhere. A podcast That unearths the plot to murder a one-woman. WikiLeaks, Daphne exposed the culture of crime. And corruption. That were turning her beloved country into a mafia state. And. She paid the ultimate price. Listen to crooks everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm, I'm a straight mind. But I ain't gonna go That far know, 'cause I don't want the repercussion. I Feel Like Asst, far Asst child discipline is concerned. They just need to know That. They can get they Asst whooped. you see what I'm saying? If, you don't always have to whoop they Asst, but you got to do It. you gotta lay It down one time. And, they're Like. Hey, you, you remember? Okay, now you see what I'm saying? So see, y'all got boys. I got all girls. So it's different. I. Don't know. Oh be mine. AT all know, man. you can't whoop you girl. That's what I'm saying. Y'all got You know you got a strong black woman with you. That's right. you know what I'm absolutely you, you did say It was something your, your daughter was on drugs too, you Said know my, my little girl ended up picking up drugs. So, but It happened. Just Like. How I did It when I was 17, 18? you feel me? And And. It just played back. And. It's the generation.


Generational curse. That. Like. How my father was, my father picked It up. AT, That age. And. He did It for 50 years. you feel me? Then I picked It up, And. Then I. I lived That way. Then my little girl, And, And, I, And, I was thinking about It. And. All of this happened before I went to rehab. The overdose. This And. All of That. you feel what I'm saying? So when It, when she did It, I looked AT, God, And It was just Like. He had just revealed himself. Like, Hey, I'm here now. It is time to start grabbing this by the reigns. you know what I'm saying? So when That happened, I was in rehab. While she was out, we supposed to win together to get the help. you know what I'm saying? And, she wasn't Ready, but I had to go ahead of her to be an example. you Know, And, how's she doing Now?


I actually broke this curse in my family, because that's what's up my brother. That's what's, how is she doing now? She's good, man. Working AT the hospital. Amen. We talk all the time. She, she's doing great, man. She's clean. Amen. You have the It takes a village foundation. That, you do where you're in the schools, talking to the kids. When you're talking to the kids. Like, what are you dissecting from your story to, because some of the kids I saw in these videos were really young. So what are the main issues you're seeing with the kids? And. And. How do you take your story? And kind of mentor them up a bit. So what what what we do is It It still takes a village. We are in the communities. And, And in And in the schools. And in the homes. And. We do Like interventions. And, I, use what I've been through.


And And. Then my, my manager to Dr. Sierra L. She is Like. She's been a LPC for 20 years. And, she's into mental, And, behavioral health. you feel what I'm saying? So when we come into a situation, I try to bring the street part into It. you feel what I'm saying? And, let people know, you know what to do when you're Like. Conflict resolution, If you out in the street. And, you feel Like. you don't want to be no lame And, And, this And That. But some, sometimes they diagnose these young kids with things That. That's not wrong with them, you feel me? Oh, they be Like Oh, he bipolar or he mad If, you know? But only thing is he'd probably be mad AT his dad because he wasn't AT home. Or they don't have nothing, you know, nothing to eat or, you know what I'm saying?


But we give them, we, we diagnose them with stuff. Like That. But my, my partner, she, she covers That area. And. I can tell them about the street part. So we do mentoring, And, all And, And stuff. Like, That. you Know I, do they know when you come in, 'cause the kids are so young, Like, do they know young Joe, Joe, the artist, or are they just Like happy? That, someone's in the school talking to them. That, they can relate to. we In Atlanta nine times outta 10. I probably done been in That project before. Got you. you feel what I'm saying? You know Man everywhere, man know everybody, man know. He gonna look I. And say, Hey man. Who you, who you who your mama of? Who your daddy of know man? Tell your dad. I said, what's It? Like? He, you one of those kind of people. But we do want to go across Like America for the most part. you feel me? So If, you can't identify with who I am.


Asst a rapper you'll identify with. you know what I've been through And, what I've been through is what a lot of, a lot of youth go through. you know what I mean? Rather black, white, whatever. you feel what I'm saying? Like, you've been through If. you done been through the trenches before. I have trenches, stories. And, I have a I have a outcome. That, you know, I made It out. you know what I'm saying? Man? Won't he do It? Thank God. I was just thinking Like, what's your conversation with God? Like. Y'all, y'all story Are God And my partner. Amazing tip. The blessing tip cover. Yes, Like. Wow. Drill cover too. But tip cover. know I mean I. I'm super Covered. know I. Think we both are. That's kinda why I think I understand his position. He understand my position. You know That. God got his hand on him.


'cause I can see It And, man, I'm on bar time. you feel me know I don't supposed to be sitting right here doing this interview. Can I saw him? Ain't no amount of money you could. I saw him. Lifeless. I saw him. I saw It with my own eye. There's no amount of money you can Put That not in person, but, but my son, Like, the money was actually the one That walked in. And, And. And saw It. He FaceTimed me. Say, Hey, what's up with Joe? I'm, I'm trying to wake him up. He won't wake up. Wow. And, I'm Like. Joe. Joe, Hey man. That's what woke me up. I was Like. This is so annoying. My, He was Annoying. FaceTime. What you talking about? Mess up. Get your Asst up, man. He said, then he I heard something. He said, what's wrong? I was Like I don't know.


What do you mean? He was doing what? He was Like he was trying to talk back, but he couldn't talk back. Couldn't talk. So I was Like. Man, don't call the ambulance man. And, you know what I'm saying? They said if he hadn't, if the money hadn't Know, dam money was actually my nephew, actually. Wow. He did the ccp. That's God think. Talk About the family affair. know what I'm, How old was He? Damani was doing CCP route. Know who was he before the Ccp know? He almost broke my chest cap. Did he know? He knew how to do CP Like know when I, when I got, when I was up, And I was came to I was Like. My chest is killing me. He was Like. That's all. I got you. You Gonna be dead. I ain't all That. How old was Damani? AT That age. He might have been 19. Wow. Okay. Know, just say I'm covered is an understatement.


I have something to do. We, we get More music. Dro. What's next? PSC, Dre Tips. Soul. What is p know we got some I. I'm, I'm gonna snag a couple of records. That Drew And tip got together. And That joint project gonna be there. The PSC got a project coming out. With Envy drama. you feel me? Stealing the streets. And. Dr. And Zaytoven got a project coming out called 10 Piece Hot Man, make sure you bring your blue cheese. You Know. So all That, all of that's on the way Word Know. we, it's ti it's Young. Dr. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning, you dig. The Breakfast Club. Real weather. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don't do, She Don't spare.


Nobody, Bro. Jess World mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coaches shoes. Lauren, Lauren LaRosa I back. And. I got the mess. Talk to me. So back in June of this year, Kanye West's ex personal assistant sued him for sexual harassment. This was a, an assistant That. He hired in July of 2021. And. This is the woman who claimed That. Kanye would send her all these Like weird random texts about his private areas. And, different things. Now, she recently amended her lawsuit, And. What she's claiming now is That Kanye allegedly drugged her AT a studio session with Diddy.


So, I don't know, you know what It is about? All this Diddy madness. That is making people attach everything to him. But this is what's happening. So she says, That, she was invited to the studio by Kanye And AT, the time she was managing artists. So she thought It would be a good, you know, opportunity to take her artist into the studio with ye. So she took the artist into the studio. Once they got in the studio, DEI was there, And, there were drinks. That were being served. And. They were told, you have to drink in order to be in here. So she's having a drink. And. Then she says she started feeling disoriented. Woke up the next morning. And didn't remember anything. That happened. She says, sometime later, Like, years later, Kanye came up to her. And was explaining to her what happened. That night said That, they did have sex. And was giving her details of It, but she again, could not remember.


So she says, you know, AT one point she thought she was just Like embarrassed. And, you know, she had embarrassed herself AT a work event because she couldn't remember. But she wasn't gonna say anything about It And. Then once she got the details I, guess that's what made her wanna, you know, move forward with Like a lawsuit or whatever. And And, to be clear, she's not accusing Diddy of any wrongdoing in this. She's accusing Kanye, but she's lumping It in with all the Diddy stuff. People Think when you add Diddy to the story, It makes It More believable. Maybe that's what It sounds. Like. Maybe that's what It is. 'cause it's Like. This is a, this lawsuit was from June. And. It just was recently amended. So I'm Like. Why I Like. Charlamagne said, once you put Didion in, It makes It believable. Makes people, you know, makes It More Salacious Didn't, I didn't say I didn't say I. Didn't say It Makes It More believable.


I said That. They think It makes It More believable. Listen, Matt, when you had Diddy to It Know makes It More salacious puts It back in the press. You know on a lighter note in the, in the West household or I, guess Kanye's not in the house with them anymore. But in the west Family Northwest did an interview with Interview magazine. Kim Kardashian interviewed her. And, let me just tell y'all, Northwest is really one of the ones, she is going to be a force in everything. So in this interview, they're just, you know, talking about different stuff. Like, her favorite artists, her favorite, you know, classes in school. But one of the questions, That has gone viral. That, she was asked right now, she started talking about God, let's take a listen. What's one lesson you'll never forget? To trust God only. Don't trust nobody else except God, because y'all only trust him.


What was the best day of your life In Italy? It was Like. It was just Like. Very chill. Just spending time with my siblings. Just, that's when I really brought them close to God. And I was Like. We had this house there. And. There was Like. These devil statues. And. I was Like. No girl. And. I was Like. What we do, we gotta pray. So then I taught Cheye, And Psalm, how to pray And I taught Saint to pray. God really did his thing After Y'all kids are so Like, just pure And introspective, And Like, hearing her talk about teaching her, her siblings. How to pray I. Don't think people understand how Like with Northwest watching her grow up in the World.


That she grows up in. She just I. Don't know. She's just so, she's so smart. She just I. Don't know. How old is she? I. Think north. How old is she now? Like. Nine or 10 I. Think she's older than That. I'm about to look It up. But they, if I'm getting old, you ancient. That's right. It's a blessing. Okay. 'cause because the way I don't, I don't, I said was Yes you are. It's a blessing to be getting older. Lauren And, LaRosa, my gosh Know, but she's 11. But she has to grow up fast too. you know, it's just so much going on with her. And, And, her family. And, the depress And, all That. She has to grow up fast. Sad. But you know, a lot of kids who are in Like, I feel Like. The celebrity kids live in a bubble a lot. And for North It just seems Like. She's so aware of what's going on in around the World around her, which doesn't always happen. But they asked her too about Like. Does she Like being on camera? And, she said sometimes she doesn't And.


She actually wants to soothe the paparazzi know when they take pictures of her. But she said if she's not tied And, her outfit is good. She's Like. Okay, know, I'll take a picture. And, I'm Like. How does she even Like the, the thought process of being Like? No, I. Wanna sue you for taking my picture. we Remember her family's smart though. you know, know my people take a family who Asst being dumb, but they are billionaires. And Know, dumb Asst little kids, man. Who these little dumb kids. That. Y'all be around all the time. know That. Y'all are just in here gushing over. Northwest. Northwest Sound Like. Most 11 year olds, You know, Most celebrity little kids. Kids are super Smart. Most celebrity little kids are, but get the celebrity. I'm just talking about kids in generality has a to do It because she doesn't celebrity kids don't get to interact with the World the same way That, a regular kid would so know my niece, AT 11 could sit down. And have a very conversation with you. But a celebrity kid is Like. They're homeschooled most of the time.


They don't get around other people. Do You? Do you know That? This one Northwest probably got More stamps on her passport than you. Why are you always ring It back To me? M Why you always ring? Because you know, you know What I'm Saying? Don't feel away. She probably got More stamps on all of us. It's A group thing over here. Seen, she's seen the World. She has seen the World. know what you talking about? You gotta think of family's billionaires. They heavily into business. Like. They, she you, She's supposed to be you. you putting your Delaware a lens off. Wow. He's about to say you putting your Delaware 11-year-old against. No, that's, I'm about to say. By the way, I just wanna say, kids are very smart by the Yes, they are so I. Don't you know I mean kids are very, very intelligent. So then you come, And. Repeat what I just said. But mine is from a Delaware lens. No, you, but no, I'm, I'm if, how many ceilings have you seen Lauren I See one every day.


A heavy ceiling, A burden. Especially Asst. A black woman in the room with you. What Lauren? Just pray. know Foot know your foots on my neck. Back up. Just, just pray. Just pray. That is just what the mess with Lauren Ross, You And, entrench said in the group chat. Just Fat foot. What would Lauren do without us guys in her life keeping our foot on her neck, bro. I feel bad for you. Sometimes you need To, you need to put them feet up. They're a little Thick. That's all right. Alright, Some fluids, I. Be I. Just want I. I wanna remind everybody Now I got diabetes now see there, can you make You don About fluid filled Feet? No you don't. No, you, Why? you keep trying to you yo gals, I. Need a fan? Alright. you be pissing. you gonna make me sweat off my Knee? Rosa And myself will be in North Carolina this weekend.


And. She's single. So fellas pull up on her know, see what I'm saying? We, I'm setting you up. Can y'all give my neck arrested? Sorry, Like. Whoa. Hey yo. Pause. I'm just, fellas, just, you know. Anyway, let's get to the mix. Now you out A corner of me, AT, North Carolina. It's The, Breakfast, Club of Lord, Lord have mercy. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne guy. We are The, Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess And Charla, congratulations you on your mental health expo over the weekend. Know man, the fourth annual mental wealth expo happened over this past weekend. you know, they've been very special the last four years, but this year just felt very, very special. Man. A lot of great psychiatrists, And therapists were there.


Gotta thank Dr. Alfie, Breland Noble. Gotta thank Dr. Rita Walker. Dr. Cheyenne Bryant, just the whole host of people who came through the baby, came through to talk about his new initiative. The Baby Cares. His new mental health initiative. That, he launched in North Carolina. Tyrese came him And. Jason Wilson had a very powerful conversation to close the day about. Just, you know, the power of know. Is there other stuff in before next year? Know I, want to I I. I'm working on doing Like. Some, some, some smaller things. Like me, And the baby was talking about doing something in, in North Carolina. Asst part of his initiative just Like. Some smaller, smaller style expos. That we can do throughout, throughout the year. Because you know, we don't just celebrate World.


We don't celebrate World Mental Health Day just on October 10th or Honor It on just October 10th. you know, you wanna do It all throughout the year 'cause it's not Like you just on your healing journey on World Mental Health Day. So know I want I'm, I'm down to figure out therapy. A lot of people were asking about you Lauren. I'm Down to figure out. S been on me trying to, one of our producers here, she'd been on me since she first met me to do It. But this weekend watching my bro Like really Like, he's established a family. I'm Like. I. Wanna be Ready for this. And. I wanna be Like. I wanna be together for my child. And my know, you know what I Mean? you know, I'm glad you say That 'cause I'm not here to diagnose you, but I tell you all the time, Don't diagnose me. Don't the blind leading And the blind. you better stay over there with you. No, no sight, no sound. No I'm just telling you That, you know you whatever you want to attract And other people.


you have to first have in yourself first know I. Agree. So it's probably Like a lot of internal work. That you need to do know I also And. A lot of people would. That's why a lot of people were asking you about this week because they were Like. Like was, where is Lauren? 'cause she need To be here. I was in the compromise situation this week. And, I'm Like know it's time for me to the you guys. No It was just I. Feel Like. The people know we I feel Like. The people That I attract. I've always tried to figure out Like, why is this, why I keep running to the same type of people. And this weekend. And I was Like. I'm tired of these people. you the reason I Sent you you. The compromise situation is 'cause last week you said you had one guy, And. you said That, you really liked him. And he, he told you to fall back. And change And. Then you said I don't Remember That. I said That. you thought about It. I said I really liked You. And. you said there was another guy. So I thought maybe the two guys ran into each other something. Like, That, Oh. No, they ain't never gonna run into each other. Now don't this Illa even said on her new album, That is she gotta state, she gotta change the type of man she, you need To go to Christian Mingle right now.


What? Why I can't be on Christian Mingle. I'm grown with God The Christian Man to meet your match. you Christian, you single Fineing God soulmate for you. AT Christian mingle. They gotta be a heathing mingle.com right? Somebody look, they got be Outside mingle.com. Lemme see if There's a heathen Man. I don't want a heathen. I want a very we No you would a heath. There is a heathen mingle dating.com. That's what you need to learn. Heathen mingle, heathen mle, heathen mingle. Take your Asst to Heathen Mingle right now. Yes, It is wow If You. What does It Say? It says If, you don't send, Jesus died for nothing. That's your motto, Lord. Oh, I'm not going there. Go To he M.


Wow, there is a Mingle. No, that's Like. That's What you need to be. Nope, your curse is on his Ingle. If, you don't sit. Jesus died for nothing. Jesus Christ. That's Like speed. Date in the room for Lauren's motto is If. you can't beat somebody's blessing then just beat somebody's curse. No If, you can't find your blessing. Then beat somebody's curse. That's you. Alright, Here you go. When we come back, we got the positive know And. More. So don't move. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast, Club And LaRosa filling in for Jet And.


Also, congratulations to Matthew Lynch from Vegas Self is flying him to Powerhouse 2024. All you have to do is download the app. It's an all in one app. you can see what the deal is. It's pretty cool. They have a lot of tips, And tools to help you level up your credit. So you can head over to The Breakfast Club dot iheart.com to enter to win a trip. And tickets to the biggest hip hop show of the year Powerhouse, NYC, And. That's courtesy of self.


Okay, now the positive note is simply this. Learn to be done, not mad, not bothered. Just done. Protect your peace. AT all costs. Have a blessed day. Breakfast Club, bitches. you, y'all finished or y'all done?


Hey Welcome to the Cooper residence. Cooper McAllister, I'm surprised You put my name first. Come on in. From the brains behind the Big Bang theory, And, young Sheldon CBS is excited to Welcome back some beloved familiar folks. Hi I, am so glad. That UNCC are here. And, Georgie AT, a girl. It's a whole new chapter. Georgie And, Mandy's first marriage Premier, CBS Thursday, eight seven Central And streaming on Paramount plus


This election season. The stakes are higher than ever. I. Think the choice is clear in this election. Join me, Charlemagne, the God for we the people in Audio Town Hall, where Vice President Kamala Harris And, you live from Detroit, Michigan, exclusively on iHeartRadio. They'll tackle the tough questions, depressing issues in the future of our nation. We May not see eye to eye on every issue, But America, We are not going Fast. Don't miss this powerful conversation with Vice President Kamala Harris. Tomorrow AT 5:00 PM Eastern, 2:00 PM Pacific on the free iHeartRadio app, hip Hop Beat station.


Curious about queer sexuality. Cruising And, expanding Your Horizons Hip play on the sex positive, And, deeply entertaining podcast. Sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez And. Chris Patterson Rosso Asst. They explore queer sex cruising relationships. And culture in the new iHeartPodcasts S Sniffy Cruising Confessions. S Sniffy Cruising Confessions will Broaden Minds And help you pursue your true goals. you can listen to S Sniffy Cruising Confessions, sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday.


Hey Friends. Hey friends. I'm Jessica Capshaw And. This is Camilla Luddington And. We have a new podcast, call It what It is. you may know us from Graceland Memorial, but did you know That? We are actually besties in real life. And Asst, all besties. Do we navigate the highs And lows of life together, big or small? We are there, And. Now here we are opening up the friendship circle to you. Listen to call It what It is on the iHeartRadio App, apple Podcasts, or Wherever you get your podcasts.


In California during the summer of 1975, within the span of 17 days, And less than 90 miles, two women did something no other woman had done before tried to assassinate the president of the United States. One was the protege of Charles Manson, 26-year-old Lynette Fromm, nicknamed Squeaky the Other, a middle-aged housewife, working undercover for the FB I. Identified by police Asst Sarah Jean Moore, the story of one strange And Violent Summer. This season on the new podcast, rip Current Here episodes of Rip Current early And, completely ad free. And receive exclusive bonus content by subscribing to iHeart True Crime Plus only on apple Podcasts.