
Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing massy seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, Moonroof, ambient lighting, Bose and massaging Leather appointed seats are optional features.


I Wanna take a moment to give a shout out to our sponsor. Stand up to All Hate. This one is important to me because, you know, we joke, we debate, we go at each other, but hate. That's not it. If you see it, stand up to it because there's no reason to hate use. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools in this fight. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate, speak up and call it out. You can learn more by following at what's up with hate on Instagram and TikTok. Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that.


Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Welcome to it takes energy presented by energy transfer where we talk all things oil and natural gas, oil and gas driver economy. Ensure our country's security and open pathways to brighter futures every day. More oil and natural gas than you can imagine moves across the US through 2.5 million miles of underground pipelines, hundreds of rail cars and countless tanker trucks to meet the needs of our country. But did you know that pipelines are 40 times safer than rail and truck? According to government statistics, companies like ours use state-of-the-art satellites and sophisticated control centers to monitor pipelines. 24 hours a day, seven days a week. We are dedicated to getting you the energy you need safely and reliably. Look around and you'll see the essential role oil and gas plays in our modern lives. Our world needs oil and gas and people rely on us to deliver it. To learn more, visit it takes energy.com.


Good morning, usa. Yo yo, yo, Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo Yo. Just hilarious to be here in the second. Charlemagne to God. Peace to the planet. It's Thursday. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and highly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What's is, what is going on, man? Absolutely. Good morning. I wanna salute to everybody out there. You know, I have a book coming out next Tuesday, real life Real Family with me and my wife Gia. And we've been doing press and the amount of love and the amount of support that we've been seeing is just amazing. We hit the road next week, but we've been doing a bunch of podcasts. We've been doing a bunch of virtual interviews, and people have been reading the book and, and, and they've been loving it.


It's just all about how we raise our kids and what we do and how we do it. And, you know, we got six of them. So, are you gonna tell 'em about life after making your wife orgasm? 'cause in the first book you spoke about how you didn't make her orgasm for 10 years. So now, 'cause I know when you do these press runs, people are gonna ask you about that thing in the first book. So are they gonna ask you how things happened after that? Sir, I was with my wife since 16, so that was a long time ago. But yes, somebody asked, I will answer. That is a question that y'all should ask on the press run. Say what happened after you started making her or Gavin Emini here. You just told that story. My, but you can give us the happy ending. You know what Emini here, I'm just saying. Oh goodness. I'm just saying goodness. Also too, man. Just happy to be here.


Ja Rule's gonna be joining us today. Yes. Ja Rule's gonna be joining us. He has a new whiskey. It's called Amber and Opal. We're gonna be talking about his new whiskey. You could get it at Total Wine and everything that he's been up to. And yeah, Ja just got a real storied history, man. And you know, Jas, everything about Ja has aged very well. Yes. The music has aged very, right? Well, he's aged very well. He's, he's, it, it's, it's a lot to talk to Ja Rule about. That's right. Yeah. Of course. The passing of Irv and what Irv meant to this industry. So we gonna talk to Ja about a lot. And also, you know what? Salute to Kerry Hilson. I seen Kerry Sen's interview that we did yesterday, everywhere. Oh, For real? Yeah, it was, it was everywhere. I just, her, her talking about her story, and I'm sure Lauren a a breakdown the aftermath of that interview.


But she hit me yesterday and she just went, Carrie Olson. Okay. And I just wanted to share, she was, Did she tell you that you can share this or you just sharing stuff being a little bird? Mm. You know what I'm saying? You grab your, you see like, you like a little TikTok dot, you grab your phone, ready to read a message. Why do people do that? Stop screenshotting messages people sent you. Stop reading people, messages people sent you. Unless they, unless you ask for permission. Have you said, Hey, would you mind if I share this on the air with people? You're Right. Jesus Christ, man, you right. You 47 years old acting like this. It, it wasn't no gossip. She was just saying, just Ready to tell. She was just saying, Terry hit me. No, she was just Ain't doing. I thought it was beautiful. She was just saying it was, she was just saying thank you. She was like, that's All you gotta say. She Was just saying thank you, God damn.


And she said, extend my sentiments to Charlemagne as well. She's a little Carrie, you know, Carrie's on the original Donkey of the Day intro. She's the one that says Charlemagne the Devil. You didn't know that? No, I didn't know that. That's, that's Carrie Sen. Wow. That is Carrie Sen. Okay. All on the, on the, I think that's the very first Donkey of the Day intro. Maybe the second one, I don't remember. But she's the one that says Charlemagne the Devil. Oh, okay. Yep. Alright, well let's get the show Crack. We got front page news. Seems like some of the tariffs have been paused. I'm sure Morgan to break it all down, but not on China. That, does That mean they're gay? Oh my goodness. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. All right, well let's get the show cracking, man. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody.


It's T-J-A-N-V. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Good morning. What's happening? Let's Get in some front page news. Now. Last night was the return for Luca to Dallas. Of course, the Lakers played Dallas Night last night. The Lakers won. And when I say Luca went off, he got, he went crazy in the first half. I think he scored like 30 something points. He was, he was busting their ass last night And Dallas showed him a lot of love. You'd think Luca won like two or three championships with Dallas. Absolutely. But you know, it did, I, it did make me, I guess for the, not for the first time, 'cause I said it when it first happened, but I literally was like, why the hell would they trade Luca? And I think Dallas bought the same thing last night. It makes no sense. Like, why would y'all trade? Why did y'all trade Luca donkey donkeys?


Again, That didn't make any sense. It didn't make no sense whatsoever. It's just one of those things that you can always crack your head about, but Whatever. Alright, well good morning, Morgan. Good morning everybody. How y'all feeling? Happy, Blessed black and highly favored. Good, good. All I love to hear it. Now we're starting off briefly with some devastating news. We're watching a developing story out of the Dominican Republic where a roof of a popular nightclub collapsed, leaving at least twenty four, a hundred and twenty four, excuse me, dead. But before I get into that, let's have an up, I do have an update on tariffs. So yesterday President Trump announced a 90 day pause on some tariffs. Well, while others will remain like China. So Trump said his 90 day pause on tariffs was not a part of planned negotiations with foreign countries speaking from the Oval Office.


Trump said it's a, it's not a negotiation until it is. Let's take a listen to those comments from President Trump. A lot of times it's not a negotiation until it is. And that happens. And you know, I said outside that you have to have flexibility to do it right. And that's what we have. And we brought everybody to the table. And it may not be a negotiation, it may not last Emini here. You know, things may be as that are, I think are not fair to us. Look, we've been ripped off by every, essentially everybody for 35 years. So of course he added that the US has to stay flexible during this period. And the pause excludes China. But Trump said China does want to make a deal and he's open, he's open to talking with p President Xi, the president also expressed confidence that every that trade that a trade deal will be made with every country.


He said something like 75 countries have come to the table to negotiate, but I'm also feeling like most of this is happening as a result of our market, not so much the global market. Oh, absolutely. I know it sounds good to say he paused it for everybody who didn't retaliate. But let's be clear, Trump knows he's messing up the money. Like you can't run on the economy and point the finger at the Biden administration and say they had made your life harder and didn't get in office and make everyone's life harder, which is exactly what he's done. And when that stock market tanked, the way that it tanked, he knew that he had to pause those tariffs for 90 days. And he, and he's only keeping China in place because he knows that's primarily gonna hurt people who, you know, don't really have money like that. Mm. Yeah. So meanwhile, on Capitol Hill, Senate minority leader, Chuck Schumer held a press conference yesterday, which I was at.


And I will say the presser was already scheduled. Right? But it, it, it was a little bit delayed because it was almost like, okay, Trump made that announcement and then it was like, okay, let's gather our, our regather our thoughts. So they still held the press conference. But yeah. So only moments after Trump made his announcement on pausing tariffs. Senator Chuck Schumer held a press conference on Capitol Hill yesterday. Let's take a listen to what he had to say. This is chaos. This is government by chaos, he keeps changing things from day to day. His advisors are fighting among themselves, calling each other names. And you cannot run a country with such chaos.


So Chuck, Okay, captain obvious. Anything. Alright, that's, I saw you got Chuck. No, but listen, Schumer was also joined by us New York Senator Kristin Gillibrand, who also spoke more on the impact and also Andy Kim of New Jersey, who talked about how the impact already so far will have on small businesses. Let's hear from New York, Senator Chris, Kirsten, excuse me, Gillibrand, because Of this chaos, this incompetence and this carelessness, he has wiped out trillions of dollars from the US economy. The amount of loss of wealth alone from middle class families, from working families from our small businesses is incalculable.


The s and p 500 has continued to drop. It goes up, it goes down further, it goes down again, again. Chaos, incompetence and carelessness. That is the hallmark of the Trump presidency. What do you guys think? Emini here They're right. But we knew that already. Absolutely. Right. Alright. Yeah. So, but I'm gonna go ahead and wrap things up. But that is your front page news for 6:00 AM Yeah. So we will continue to see what happens as a result of the pause now on the tariffs Hawaii. Senator Maisie Hio was also at that press conference and she also gave remarks as well. But yeah, we will continue to see what happens as a result of the pause now on tariffs at 7:00 AM I will give you an update on what's going on in the Dominican Republic with that roof collapse in at that nightclub devastating news there.


Horrible. Yeah, you said 120 is 184 as of this morning of people that passed away from that, that awesome that that roof collapsed. So again, to salute to all, all my Dominicans out there salute and you know, rest in peace. My Dominicans. You Said may I want, I just want everybody, I want the record to show rest in peace to all of those individuals and be said. I'm just letting him, you know, I'm glad that he's representing his people. I am Black, but I'm gonna slu to you. Said my Dominicans Out there said my key word. Shut Up. They're all our people. Okay, That's, that's you go. Thank you Morgan. Yeah, problem. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open again.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1 Hit us up right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Wake up. Wake up. Wake your As. This is your time to get it off your chest, man. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? A MB? I got my Bluetooth headset on. Tell me to take it off Now. You, you clear? You sound clear. Only time I tell people to take it off pause is if it's not clear. Oh, Pause man, it too Early. I said pause man. What That got to do with a pause? Can I said take it off? Take his Heck set off. Nevermind. Morning Terry. What up? Get it off your chest, brother. Oh shoot. Okay.


I'm happy. Off the rip. You said my name correctly. Charlamagne pronounce my name. What's your name? No, say it Jimmy. Just say first Of all now that's a pause telling another man to say my name. Say my name, say name, say name. Jess is running a little late. She'll be here in a second. Her left Laura running a little late too. Alright, so let me get it off my chest. My name's Terry. I'm from Kansas City, Kansas. Gotta emphasize that. No shade to the Missouri side. All up to the Missouri. We one big family. So y'all like chill. Everybody like chill but headlights is way too bright these days And I got astigmatism so it really be messing me up.


And so I can only imagine what y'all going through in New York. Like what, what do it be like dude? People constantly have their high beams on like, what y'all cool? Nah, I think it's, you know a lot of people, they change the light bulbs in their cars and they put these new super LED lights on in the cars. I don't know if you noticed the lights are a a lot brighter and a lot lighter. So I know a lot of people do that. And, and I'm with you yet. I headlights be a little too Bright. For sure. For sure. Yeah. I just wanted to get that off. I got a lot more. I I ain't talk to y'all in a minute man. Like We appreciate you brother. One last thing. I ran into this girl at Walmart yesterday and I'll just leave it at that like Terrifi Real Life, the connection You gotta tell us more is, is he somebody that you gonna go see again?


Y'all going on a date, you got a number? What happened? Okay people, this is what happened. Oh yeah, I got the number. Oh boy. And and that's what like, so the yns, they got this term, they call it fine. Excuse my language, I'm sorry I shouldn't have cut. Yep. But like she was fine and she was looking at me like I was a piece of meat. Oh Boy. And Okay, we get it. First of all, here's the thing I don't like when you-all No I wanna tell you something. Y'all like to say these yns be having these terms. All they did was drop words when we was younger. We used to say, man, she fine ass ish. All they did was drop the ass. But you act like that's some new term.


They just lazy. They don't wanna say more than two words. Terry. We gotta go man. We'll speak to you you next month. We'll speak to you next month. Terry is like one of 'em family members that when they get you on the phone, they just gotta tell you everything that happened in the last Yeah. Telling us about this girl he ain't even gonna know in two weeks. Jesus Christ. Hello? Who's this? Hello? Hello? Hey, what's up? What's your name, bro? Yo. My, my name's Ed. Ed get it off your chest. Hey, Where the ladies at? Man? Yo, listen man, I wanna get, I wanna get off my chest on Som me man. Your so me yo. Right now's not the time. Be joking about Dominicans or or Vy do. So right now we, they, those people are going through something Absolutely rest in Peaces to them. But I'm happy that Envy's, I'm happy that Envy's acknow no.


Yeah, but you gotta understand right now that time to joke. Let's thing if you was a that's Not a joke. You wouldn't be joking. That was not a joke. Envy said my Dominican Lord. And I said envy, I'm glad you acknowledging your people. How is that a joke Dude? Man, right now it's not the time to even like even joke or something like that. Who is joking? Alright Char, you always know how to, how to your way outta stuff man. I give it to you. What you I You I'm, that is not weaseling my way outta nothing. I'm not joking. Envy said, what'd you say? My Dominicans shout. I wanna shout out to all my Dominicans. To all my Dominicans. Absolutely. And I said, yo, that's great that you acknowledging your people. I am not Dominican, but salute to all my baby Out there and rest in peace to everybody who lost their life in that nightclub.


Yeah, I got family condolences. I love what you guys are doing as a community standing together. Do in visuals. We'll talk more about it in front page news, but get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. I'm telling, I'm telling. Hey, whatcha you doing man? I'm call calling. Yo, This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hey Isha. Hey, how are you? We seen you on hold for two damn hours. I just happened to look at the phone. Why? And I'm like, what the hell?


What's going on Tisha? What's up? Why you on hold mama? Oh my goodness. Well first of all, I'm at the group home with my girl, so I wasn't really, I I was on hold but I still was doing my job too. Flew to everybody at the group home. What group home you calling from? I'm not gonna say, but we in Fayetteville, North Carolina. We didn't wait for North Carolina. Well this was off Your chest from Jersey. Okay. So I would like to get this off my chest today. I just wanna say that better days are coming. Today is will be the fifth year that my husband has been going. So my grandfather died on the fourth and my husband died on the ninth. They both died from Covid five years ago. Oh man. Sorry to hear that. Sorry. So yeah, just praying for better days and just for those who do have grandparents and parents and husbands just love them to the best of y'all ability because life is definitely short.


I know before we used to say life is short, but then after Covid life is really, really shorter than what we expect it to be. Yeah man, I love your attitude on life. I love your attitude. You calling from a group home. Yeah. You, you've dealt with all of that loss, but you still are telling people and and encouraging yourself that you know there's gonna be a better tomorrow. That's Right. Absolutely. Yeah. And I wanna give a big shout out to my mom, which is in, she's in Jersey City right now. She's battling with breast cancer. That's my last parent living. And I do go back and forth because you know, I gotta maintain my house and stuff here. But my mom comes before any, any of that. But she knows the situation and just to go back and forth and having her deal with what she's dealing with is hard because medical center ain't worth nothing.


So that was a, they could get the donkey of the monk. How about that? I know that. But other than that, I just wanna shout out Cheryl Williams and just tell you, mom, I love you and I know that you're going through something right now, but we all just praying for better things to come. Absolutely. Absolutely. Well thank you Taisha. Hello. Who's this? What's Going on? What's up Robert? Get it off your chest. Okay, so I want to get off my chest to Charlamagne's point, we always talk about the things that they, you know, that we already know at the country when it comes, comes to regard to Trump administration. But the one thing that they don't do is just kind of talk about it. And what I want to talk about is basically, I know Morgan Wood said that she was there during the, their when in regards to tariffs.


And then all of a sudden Trump said, Hey, you know what, we're gonna call up the tariffs. Wouldn't that be considered inside the trading if you think about it? Oh yeah. A absolutely people, I saw people were pointing that out when he tweeted that. 'cause he tweet right before, right before he paused the tariffs, he said, now is the time to buy. Yeah. Well you know what they said they do an investigation on that. Man, shut up tweet. I swear on everything. No, no, I'm not saying that you're wrong. I'm just saying it don't matter. Oh yeah. True. Like go like why? Listen, here's the thing. What did you Just say brother? You said it was what illegal his Phone is on. Yeah. Do y'all forget, And I want y'all to remember this, the Supreme Court granted him presidential immunity, right? He can get away with any crime he wants to, as long as he says it's an official act. And guess who gets to say, whether it's an official act or not?


The Supreme Court, his Supreme Court. This fight is fixed. Y'all can be mad all y'all want. Y'all can be angry. All y'all want. Y'all can yell and scream and say he needs to be investigated. He's got presidential immunity guys. Jesus. Hello. Who's this? Good morning. So I'm calling 'cause I wanna know how come y'all can't be on Tuby with the whole show? Oh, because it's just clips. It's Tuby. Yeah, Because it's music that plays during the show, commercials that play during the show. So we can't do the FULL SHOW and it's best of moments. But you know what you can do? You can always go watch on YouTube and you can always download The Breakfast Club podcast available on the Black Effect iHeart Radio podcast network. But everywhere you listen to podcasts and you can listen to the FULL SHOW there.


Oh, Okay. Yeah, I didn't know that. Thanks for Calling us. Everybody out there that can hear my voice go download The Breakfast Club podcast. Subscribe to The Breakfast Club podcast. Okay, thank you. Good to know. Yeah, Go to our YouTube page, Get it off your Chest a Hundred. Oh you know what I want to tell people since we talking about it. The third annual Black Effect podcast festival is happening Saturday, April 26th in Atlanta, Georgia at Pullman Yard. So you know, we got some great people that's gonna be on that podcast stage tanking Jay Valentine with their RB Money podcast. Carrie Champion with her Naked podcast, good Moms Bad Choices. And Sarah Jakes Roberts will be there doing Her Woman Evolve podcast live. So go get your tickets right now, black effect.com/podcast festival.


That's black effect.com/podcast festival to get you tickets. Alright, now when we come back, we got the latest with Lauren. Hopefully she's here in time. Both her and Jess are a little late this morning, so hopefully you'll get here in time. If not, it'll be Charlene Envy Again. It's the Breakfast Love. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Lauren's not here. Jeff's not here. No. So do the rumors, What are we doing? Is it, it's not the just with the mess and it's not the latest with Lauren, it's Just, just do something talk. Yeah, just Hit the intro. Lauren coming Straight fast. She gets him from, from somebody that Knows somebody some, well she gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything. A wig. She be having the latest on.


Good Lord. The latest when Lauren la sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit everything. Well it's the latest on The Breakfast Club. Talk to me now. Envy, you picked all of these rumors? No, not really. Yeah. Who? Who helped you? The producers? No. Lauren helped me a little Bit. Lauren. Oh, there go Jess. What's up Jess? All right. Jess here. How you Yeah, wanna do the No, she just walked in. She outta breakfast. You didn't even take her coat off. Okay, Just sit down. Alright, well let's start off with Wendy Williams. All right. Now Wendy Williams had a dinner plan with her niece Alex and her new attorney Joe Taina. You know Joe Taina? He's been up here. He actually represented ASAP Rocky. Yep. But it seems like her guardian, Sabrina Morrissey blocked it from happening.


Now this is ironic because a few weeks ago Sabrina insisted that Wendy was not being kept from seeing her family and going out to dinner. But it seems like it was blocked immediately. So we'll get more information. Oh, What was the reason? Did they give a reason? Nah, there's no clear, clear reason for why Sabrina denied Wendy the right to have dinner with Alex and Joe. Who's your source? My source is Lauren Osa. Now also Source is also claimed that if the guardianship doesn't end soon, Wendy will demand a jury trial with Joe Taina as her lawyer. I thought she was already doing that. Jess, take your coat off. Act like you working. I ain't acting like I'm working. She tired man, your coat off. Damn, she tired. Emini here. This bitch look like easy, easy. You are. You do no time. Why you got Short Girl this morning?


Because my ass short shortened. It just happened to be J Curly. I don't care. Don't I had to put her hat on Yo. Now also, Lauren wanted me to remind you guys on her podcast this week. She broke a Wendy update that she's not running from that cognitive capacity test. She just wants an independent evaluation, not a court appointed one. Yeah. So it's Fair. So she don't trust nobody. You don't trust nobody. Gimme something Sassy man ain't got nothing sassy over there. Barbie announces LeBron James becomes the first athlete with a Ken Doll now. Ooh. Bar Barbie is collaborating with LeBron James Family Foundation to release the first Ken Doll. The doll will feature LeBron in a custom Letterman jacket, cross body bag, shades, beats headphones, and a gold watch.


The doll also will reflect his hike. It'll be an inch taller than the standard Ken Doll and the dolls will be $75. Question. Why is he? Go ahead. Them grown ass men gonna be standing outside trying to get these dolls. I know that's right. Yeah, they want, they they hoping that it's anatomically correct too. But listen, question, why does it still get called a kind? That's what LeBron name, I guess that was the first. I know. But the Ken Doll was the first male Barbie that So so in that world, Ken means male. Yeah, Barbie Means female. Barbie is the female female. Got, Got you, got you, got you. So Yeah, That's It. So that's gonna be, Yeah, Jess. Yeah. Yeah, that's that. What else? That's, that's it. That's It. That's gonna be $75 now.


Now $75. Now one of the things that the, the tariffs from China is impacting is absolutely positively toys. So it's $75, nine might be more than that at this point. And they said there's a very limited edition where the hat actually comes off. Yeah. So you, you know, does This headline come off with it? That's Very messed up actually. I Don dunno. I'm joking. There's there's, there's no, you A clown and you clown. That's crazy. There's no, there's no limited edition. Oh, now also Young Buck Was arrested yesterday. He knew that. Oh my God. Buck you the hat. God dang. I'm showing him his, yeah, his mugshot. God dang. Damn. Yeah, 50 actually posted it. That's why I seen it Now Young Buck was booked into jail on Monday afternoon in some account for 30 days.


Now the district attorney said that Young Buck was supposed to meet twice a month with his sup, with his supervisor, while on bond supervision with a GPS monitoring for two cases, a drug case and a domestic violence case. He didn't, allegedly he didn't meet with him and he was picked up for That. Why? Why 50? Post this Because you know 50,


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like Intelligent All-Wheel Drive, the Kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent All wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


The number one hit True Crime podcast. The girlfriends is back with something new. The Girlfriend Spotlight. Our first two series introduced you to an incredible gang of women who teamed up to fight injustice, showing just how powerful sisterly solidarity can be. And we're keeping this mission alive with the girlfriends spotlight. Each week a different woman sits down with me, Anna Sinfield, to share their incredible story of triumph over adversity. Like Tracy, who survived a terrifying attack. I remembered that feeling of, okay, this is how I die And turned that darkness into the most incredible journey I wanna take over The World and just leave this place better than I found It. Which took her all the way to Paris for the Paralympic Games. Oh my gosh, this is amazing. So come and join our girl gang. Listen to the Girlfriend Spotlight on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Stay on his enemy's neck. Okay. 50 got beef with you. It's up forever. Alright, listen this is new to me. 50 got beef with young buck too. Well yeah, no idea. This, this is from Long ago. Well 50 actually posted. Damn how that nigga head get like that? Damn. Damn. Said police must have hit him in the head. LOL. He always wore a hat. I never knew his head was bald. I never knew his head was like this either. Yeah, it dude look a little altered though. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You show Fit 15 altered that pick a little bit bad. Nah, Nah, That's the mugshot. Yeah, But we used to seeing Buck with braid with a hat on. A hat on That is every, I'm telling you that's a lot of men's fear man. Like when you got a hairline like mine and you don't got a fresh ball, you say I don't have that.


I got a nice head pause. Yeah, you know what Emini here, I don't have a big dome like that but that is every man's fear having to take they hat off somewhere. Damn. And they gotta skull like that. Especially going through TSA. They always make you do it. Oh my God. If they, if they even feel out, you know what, just go because I was ready get into it too. Like if I was to go fly out right now, they'd be like, can you take your head off? It's like sometimes they won't even tell you I And I be like, no y'all can go check me in the back if y'all need to. I'm not taking my head off. They be wanting to do that to humiliate people. Take a picture people. Yeah I want, I seen a guy begging for his life one day at the, please don't make me take my head off. Please, please don't make me take back a black man. Black dude, white dude. Yes. It was Jesus black person. And you waited to see if take his hat off. I was right there. I was behind him. I had no choice.


How he look where he take his hat off? I ain't got nothing to do with that. Damnit Man. And lastly, Saada baby. You know Ada baby from Detroit? Thank I do. He was arrested on Tuesday. Now this is because he was pulled over back in January for allegedly driving with tin windows. They said that they found some kind of substance in his car. They checked it and when it came back, allegedly it came back as a controlled substance. So he was arrested for that and here's his mugshot And I do it again. I do it again. I had fun. That's what looked like. He looked like I had fun. And that is the, I don Know they let you take those. I thought you had to like do it over Like be serious. Yeah. Oh what in the mugshot? Ain't nobody ever tell me. Well How many mugshots you took?


I only got three. I literally only got 3, 3, 3. No, I know people that got like, so like a Google page worth for mugshots. But not only, you know, I you apply. I used to play on mine too. They ain't never make me retake them. All right. Well that is the latest with Lauren. Lauren is running late. Jess just got here yo. And that's crazy. Did you watch Magazine Dreams Last night? You wouldn't make gala? Yo. I went to sleep on it. Yo, I'm 40 minutes into it. It is crazy. I ain't gonna lie. I started watching Magazine Dreams and it It is, it is good. It is, it is. All right. But I Was he not acting his ass off? Yeah, he is. I, well I never ever doubted that. He always act his ass off. I finish. He Just compare him to Denzel. I did not compare him to Zel. I still would not do that. Even only watching 40 minutes of it. But it's definitely a complex movie.


Okay. Yeah It is. I said Denzel, I've never seen Denzel play a role like that. That's what I said. Okay. Alright. Well that is the latest with Lauren. When we come back we got front page news and then Ja Rule will be joining us. So don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are checking out The Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get back in some front page news if you missed it. Earlier we were talking about Luca. He made his return in Dallas. Of course he's a Laker now and he dropped 45 points. Emini here. He was busting ass. They were busting ass last night. I think the first half he had like 38. They might fire Nico today. I'm saying when you look at the reception Luca got and you look at how those people love him and you think to yourself how young Luca is.


There was absolutely no reason to trade Luca Duncan donkey. Not at All. Okay. I don't care how much hookah and Luca, he like, yeah, they, I don, they said he got hoarse. None of that matters ball. 'cause he was overweight. They said his rumors 'cause of his contract. But obviously it's worth it. The Lakers beat the mass 1 12 97. And they did. They gave him, they gave him the type of standing ovation. Yes. And reception that you would think, you thought you would think he won three or four championships in Dallas. Man. Yeah, they love him. He was crying. Yep. Damn. Then came out and dropped 38 first half. But what's up Morgan? Listen, envy, I love the energy, but unfortunately we are dealing with some devastating news out of the Dominican Republic. Santo Domingo to be exact. The death toll continues to climb after a roof collapse at a nightclub jet set nightclub in Dominican Republic.


The early Tuesday tragedy claimed the lives of 184 people with more injured among the dead are two former MLB players. Octavio Doel, who played with 13 teams over 15 seasons after getting his start with the New York Mets in 1999, the 51-year-old was pulled alive from the rubble, but passed away from his injuries. Also lost in the collapse is Tony Blanco, who made appearances in nearly 60 games for the Washington Nationals. A provincial governor and sister of retired MLB star Nelson Cruz was also killed. Moran gay singer, Ruby Paris was also among those dead. He was on state performing during the tragedy.


Now a makeshift vigil is growing in upper Manhattan at Plaza Las Americas as rescue efforts continue at Jetset. And the Dominican community in the Washington Heights area of New York is also still waiting for word about a lot of family and friends. So this stands to impact a lot of Dominican people, not only in the Dominican Republic, but those who live in New York and across the us. So we are sending thoughts and prayers to them. And I will keep you posted on what develops regarding that story. You RIP to all those lives lost. But my first question is, how does something like that happen? Have they said, Well, no, they haven't said as of yet. But my Dominican homies, they told me that that's one of the oldest clubs in the Dominican Republic.


They said it's a very upscale club. They said it's only, I can't tell usually politicians, athletes, actors, actresses like to get in that club. It's not none of the, the younger people in the club you like, you can't wear a hat to get in the club. Like it's very professional and like one of those types of clubs. So yeah, But you, you can be very professional. But clearly the structural, the structure of the club wasn't up to park. But That's what they were saying. It was like, it's one of the oldest clubs, like, I guess it has that history in the, in the dr but that's what they would say. Maybe it was just so old. It was things that, that was not taking, you know, care of. But I, I'm sure we'll find more and more and more like Charla said, And I Condolences, I'm sure that will never open up ever again. 'cause I'm sure there's some type of class action lawsuit coming from all those families. It should be, if it's not, But again, yeah.


Condolences to to, to everybody out there that's lost somebody and that whole Dominican community Emini here. I know, I know. They are are hit. I know they're, they're crying. They Emini here. It's, it's, it's just so nasty. So again, especially if talking about Dominican out there, especially Members still trapped under the rubble They said. And there's still a lot of people trapped under that rubble. So Yeah. That's unfortunate. It's unfortunate. Let's switch gears to Florida. Teacher preparation programs are getting an update to make sure they're not woke. Yesterday the Florida Board of Education passed an amendment to make sure concepts like diversity, equity, and inclusion and critical race theory are eliminated across education in the state of Florida. Now, vice chair Ryan Petty says these programs aren't ex, if the programs aren't explicitly ruled out, they'll simply be renamed and the same ideas will be taught.


And education commissioner Manny Diaz Jr. Says it was crucial that the teacher preparation and school leadership programs are updated to align with state law. Let's take a listen to those Florida education officials, Ryan Petty and Manny Diaz Jr. Our students are in school to learn so that they can achieve their greatest selves in their lives. They're not there to be taught and indoctrinated to become puppets of the left. It's simply unacceptable to base our education on race obsessed and gender confused ideologies. It is even more egregious that those ideologies are used when teaching students how to teach. You know, honestly, when I hear stuff like that, it just reinforces things that I've always heard from my elst.


And that's simply, we can't depend on this system to educate us. Let's be for real. They never really taught us anything about our history. You know what Emini here, all of that was taught in the home first. My daddy gave me the autobiography of Malcolm X when I was a young kid. You know what I'm saying? And as far as like sexuality and gender, I don't want that discussed in the schools either. I want that discussed at home too. Yep. I don't need these people talking to my kids about that. Everything starts within the home. You know, you go to these schools to get a certification. To me, you get a real education at home And in your community. Yeah. Yeah. No, for real. About facts. Envy, what were you gonna say? No, I was gonna say that I, I agree with the same Emini here. It it's like you said, as parents and as a community, we have to teach our kids history.


We have to make sure that they know the correct history. And I'm with Charlamagne when it comes to, to a lot of that sexual conversations. I'd rather have that conversation with my kids. I'd rather, you know, feed them into it when it's, when they, when I feel that they're ready. If I'm their parents. And I just wanna be clear, I don't like that they're rolling back these, I not at all initiatives, but it goes back to just everything my elders have always taught me. You cannot rely on them to teach us about us. That's right. You just can't. All right. T clock it. All right, y'all. And by then, Emini Here, white people just in case we're not clear. Okay. All right. Y'all bringing things home. In the last story. Michelle Obama is talking about the importance of making her own decisions. She made the comments on the Sophia Bush's work in on Sophia Bush's work in Progress podcast.


The former first lady addressed people gossiping about her marriage. And she said, she said, making tough decisions about her own life. Well, you know, that can upset others. Let's take a listen to a first former First Lady Michelle Obama. They Couldn't even fathom that I was making a choice for myself. That they had to assume that my husband And I are divorcing. You know, that she, this couldn't, this couldn't be a grown woman just making a se set of decisions for herself. Yeah. So Obama emphasized the importance of asking herself tough questions in this stage of her life. Like how she wants to spend her free time and with who. You can listen to the whole podcast on iHeartRadio, download that Bree iHeartRadio app.


But what do you guys think about this from, I I would say from a husband perspective, you know, sometimes, you know, the wives need to just, the wives just need to have a moment too. It's not all about just being a wife, a mom, a wife's a a a what I think Michelle Obama is saying here is that sometimes she just wanna be Michelle And she's telling people to mind their business. Yeah. That, yeah, that's what I would say. That's what I took out of it. Mind your business. Every relationship, every marriage is different. You know what, Emini here, if she don't want to go somewhere, she ain't gotta go. You know what? Emini here and my, my relationship is different. Like, you know, sometimes my wife made me go to things I don't wanna go to. I make her go to things that she don't wanna go to it. You know, we, we different. Everybody's different. Every relationship is different. Yep. Like Charlemagne said, mind your business. Yeah. And we act like we know these people. Right. There's 20, there's 24 hours in a day, seven days a week.


We see a small, small, small portion of these people's lives and we act like we know them because we haven't, you know, seen them at a couple of public appearances together. Now all of a sudden they getting divorced. Cut it out, man. Agreed. Now that's your front page news. Follow me on social at Morgan Media. M-O-R-G-Y-N-M-E-D-I-A. And for more news coverage follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@binnews.com. Thank y'all. See y'all on Foreign Day Peace. All right.


Now when we come back, Ja Rule will be joining us. We gonna be kicking it with Ja Rule. He has a new whiskey, Amber and Opal, and we're gonna talk to him next. So don't move, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv. Just Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. We got a special guest in the Building. The legendary Ja Rule. Ladies and gentlemen. Yeah. What up? What up? Family. Family. What's that? Welcome Back. How you feeling first and foremost, brother? Good man. I'm good. Good. You know, and been in and out, but you know, for the most part I'm good. I'm Good. What's aging better, man? You, your music or that whiskey that you got now? That Whiskey We here to promote. Man, We were talking about it the other day. We were saying, you know, from artists, from from our era and even a couple of years before that, your music still connects to People. It's aging well, it ages well, I don't care where you at Young. You hear In restaurants hit on Elevators, medium, You know, I'm saying clubs. Festivals. It, it aged well. Was that the intention when, when you made those records or Not? Definitely just happened. Definitely not. You know, just in there being creative and you know, trying to do something a little different. Everybody was kind of tackling this or that. You know, we was in an era, you know, Diddy was there doing what Bad Boy was doing. And then, you know, you had Ro Rockefeller and you had Ruff Riders. So it was like a, it was, it was a space that needed to be filled. And I think that was the space I filled. You know, JM had the ultimate floss and fly and flashy going on and Xing them was the streets and you know, Diddy, you know, and, and, and Bad Boy was Bad boy. And what they were doing, what they movement. And so, you know, I I kind of just filled the void of, of those female records that was kind of missing in the industry at the moment. I wanna, if you don't mind, I want, I wanna go back a little bit. I've known you for a long time, known of you for a long time, but I don't think a lot of people know the, the true story of, of Ja Rule and how you got signed and your deal and everything. Yeah. With the recent passing of Irv, I just wanted you to talk about that a little bit. Yeah. We need to crack some whiskey for that. I already asked, The cups was on the way. I already asked for the Cups. It a celebratory story though. Emini here. So talk about the first time you met Irv and, and how that was and why you didn't sign a TVT at the time. Well, I did actually sign a, see, so I, I, I'll, I'll, I'll I'll tell the story a little bit. So my man Chris Black big shout to my brother Black, you know, we, we was, we was hustling on Two Fifth and Hollis, you know, doing what young hungry black men do in the selling drugs. That was some drugs, you know. And he used to go to the studio with, with with Irv and Mike Geronimo. He's come back to the block with mix tapes. Like it wasn't mix tapes at the time, it was just like little tapes that they was making basically. You know what I'm saying? So, you know, I'm like, yo, what's up? Like, I want to go rhyme with with Irv. And, and, and, and, and Mike Geronimo at the time, he was DJ Irv. They're like, yeah, I wanna go, go, go rap with them too, you know? 'cause we had like a little group kind of thing we was kind of doing, but not really. I was kind of like, more or less the rapper out of the crew. Me, me and my, my other homeboy. And so when I, when I said that to Black, he was like, yo, I'll bring you up there. So he brought me up there and that's when I met Irv. And Irv was like, yeah, yeah. He think he, he think he nice. He's like, all right, go ahead, put a get in the booth. Lemme see what you, see what you do. And for me, that was a, okay, this is my make it or break it moment. Like this is my moment, moment. Like, this dude right here is is is the, the, the guy that's helping mother get record deals in the neighborhood. So I didn't leave a booth. I wouldn't leave the booth. I just rhyme after rhyme after rhyme and kept going. And I, I, at the time, you know, I had an arsenal at rhymes, Irv, it was like, yeah, this, this, this. Got it. So that's how our relationship started. So that, you know, it, it all just happened so crazy, so fast. You know, like we realized TVT wasn't the situation. I was on hiatus for a long time after that, for like three years because my man Black was part of the group. He went to jail. So he did five years in, in prison. And so they black Child or just Another man? No, no, my man Chris Black. Okay. Chris Black. Chris Black. But that kind of, you know, threw everything off with the group. And so we was, I was basically in hiatus for three years. I didn't know where I was gonna end up. And it was, it was just in limbo. Thank you. You take care. So thank, thank you Lord. Yeah. That good? That that that good. No. Cheers. Cheers. So much. Love y'all man. Cheers. Appreciate y'all. Smells good. It's amazing. Yeah. It's that, that, it's so good. It's, it's, you know, take, check it out. And you are a whiskey drinker. I'm not a whiskey drinker. I thought you tried to. I did. I when, when I saw Fong getting the Uncle Nearest, I tried it then Beyonce, of course. That is very, very smooth. Very Smooth. Isn't it? This The best, this is best whiskey I've ever Had. Very smooth. I'm not dis I'm not even gonna say any, anybody else's whiskey. All I'm gonna say is I've never drank whiskey and not made that faith. Like, gimme something you gotta chase very smooth. This is very smooth. Very smooth. We'll get into that in a minute, you know, because we, we wanted to really create this for the whiskey cube. Wow. You know that, for that reaction of a first time, you know, not a first time, but a, a person who's maybe not a whiskey drinker, Perce, that's what you wanted. You wanted to, you know, You said Irv brings you to Def Jam. How did that feel when, when you first came, DMEX came before you commercialized? Yeah. Wasn't it like y'all were like a year apart, right? Like he came and Well, Ja actually came first. Oh, Okay. I thought it was 97, 98. I was, no, I didn't come first. Exodus Music and Records and everything came first. Yeah. But you know, I, like I said, my situation with Def Jam was already in the Making X. Yeah. It was already in the making in the One And then everybody compared you to him, right? Yeah. And everything that you did was, he's trying to be like DMX. Yeah. How did that affect you during that time? You know, of course it's gonna affect, affect you, you know, and I'm young too, you know, I'm, you know, I gotta chip on my shoulder. I'm like, nah, I'm not trying to be like nobody. I'm me. You know, and, and you know, me and the dog, we, we, we definitely, you know, had our bouts over. We a little stupid like that. But so what I did, I took a extreme gamble. You know, my first album was very successful. I sold Benny Beci, Vinny Beci. Yeah. You know, I sold close to 2 million records on my debut album. And then those things started happening. He's trying to be like, actually he's trying to be like popping, you know? So I said, you know what? I got something, bro. I'm gonna switch it all up. Went out to la, got me a big ass mansion out in, out in Hollywood Hill. First time I ever had anything like this in my life. And it was like the most ghetto mansion you ever wanna see in your life. We had like, rent center furniture in the joint. It was crazy. You know what I'm saying? We, we had a room that we called the dorm and just 10 slept in there, you know what I'm saying? So it was a wild, a wild time. But I wanted the music to reflect new times in my life. You know, things that I was doing now, things I was seeing now, experiencing now, you know? And so I went completely left, grew my hair out, said they can't say I look like X or Pac. Them never had braids, you know what I'm saying? So I grew my hair out, got braids, you know, was wearing it. Wild Little Jimi Hendrix, you know, bandana just looking, just just being me, you know? And the music started to reflect those moments. So it was all your idea to, to change the image in the music. It was like a new debut though, in a lot of ways. That's what felt, And that's how I felt. I felt like this is like new Ja rule. This is like something y'all ain't feel before. This is completely, it's me, but it's, it's, it's like me and with a, with a, with a different, you know,


look to it, you know, feel to it. And, and you know, they didn't, they didn't really like that Def Jam didn't love it. They didn't love the album. They didn't love, you know, where I was going visually with it. They didn't love it. Really. After doing 2 million records, they might, they want you to do what's working. They ain't broke. Don't fix it. Yeah. Then you sold, then you Four or five. I know. But you can't call that, you know, beforehand. Right. And, and like, you, like you, like I said, you know, we was going through a time where a lot of artists was going through Sophomore Jinx. You put out that sophomore album and didn't do, you know, as, as good as the first album. So I was taking a, a big risk in doing it. They wanted me to go change the album. Gotti came and he's like, yo, rule, this is what they say. And I told 'em, go, they self, you know, but it's ultimately your decision.


You know what you want to do. And I'm like, I'm not changing. I'm like, I'm, this is, you know, I just, we just gonna have to fight for what we believe in. And we did. And, and, and it was, it turned out to be a great decision on that, on that side. I was gonna ask you in those moments, like what were the conversations with you and Irv Gotti? 'cause his, he, I never met him before, but his energy seems so short all the time. Yeah. But that's a lot of pressure when you, you know what Emini here, like, y'all are in it. Like, this is the big moment and he gotta say, go yourself. But at the same time, it's like, Hmm. But, you know, Gotti had a different way of speaking and handling, you know, things I've heard, you know, I'm more, a little more diplomatic. Yeah. You know, but, but it's cool. You know, sometimes in life you need both sides. You need Malcolm and you need Martin.


You know what I'm saying? So you need somebody to be like, all right, we going, we gonna talk to Martin right now. We don't wanna talk to Malcolm at the moment, you know, so it, it, it works, you Know. All right. We got more with Ja Rule when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's D ej, NB Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Ja Rule Charlamagne. And you and Irv clearly loved each other. Yeah. Out loud. And people will ask questions like, how did his passing make you feel? It's like, I don't even know if those are appropriate. Yeah. Questions. Yeah. Like I said, I go in and out. I'm very understanding of what life and death is. We're all born to die at some point. That, that that's gonna happen. You know, you know, one of Eric's things he always used to say is, you know, that, that is our destiny.


But in the middle of that, we live, you know, JR rest in peace to JR as well, you know, JR and Lauren. And he always used say, live the Dash, you know, 'cause that's what they put your tombstone 19 whatever, or whatever to, you know, whatever. So he used to say, live the dash. That's just what it is, you know? So I, I, I know that my brother lived, he lived the dash, you know what I'm saying? He lived his life. And so I can be happy in knowing that, but I'm still hurt by the way. It all, you know, just kind of happened so fast. You regret not talking to your brother and being hard on your brother. Like I, I was listening to Chris, his IRVs brother Yeah. During the conversation. And he was like, it was the lifestyle. And I tried to talk to him, but he was like, just Irv didn't listen.


Do you wish he would've been more like, yo, bro, you gotta do this. You gotta go to the doctor, bro. You Gotta do this. Understand about Irv. Yeah. You can't, you're not telling Irv that you, I know Irv, when Irv got his money, he wants something. He's going be, yo, that got the record that, that he ain't gonna stop. And he's the same way with how he wanted to live his life. You like, well, I think last time we was here, he, you know, oh, oh no, no, I'm sorry. It was, it was maybe drink chance, drink chance. And he, and he talking about, he was like, you, he was like, are you taking care? So he was like, not all the time, know what I'm saying? But that's where I used to, you know, one of my last, my last text to him was, yo, how you, how you doing? You taking care of yourself. How's your health? You know what Emini here, how you feeling?


You know what, Emini here, we ain't spoken, you know, a couple of weeks or whatever. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm good. So, you know, you know that that's, that's Irv, you know, and, and I'm happy to know that, that he lived his life the way he did. Frank Sinatra, I did him out. So I'm, I'm happy in knowing that, you know, but I am a little disappointed because I feel he could still be, If you don't mind me asking, if it's too personal, you can say you don't wanna answer it. Have you had those moments now after everything where like, you wake up and, you know, maybe it's like a dream happens and you're like, okay, like I, I hear you. Or like, I feel you. Or like, you know, something like that where it's like a comforting feeling. Nah, you know, I'm not gonna sit here. And I saying I be having like, out of body experiences, you know, I, I just, like I said, I'm, I'm seen a lot of death in my life, and so I've always dealt with it very well.


This is the first one that I, that somebody has died that's very, that's this close to me. You know, that we've built so much. We've done so much together. And so it's a little different. But yeah, it's, it's, it's, yeah, it's tough. But yeah, I can't say that I've, you know, experienced those type of joys I call him. Yeah. Alright, well now let's move on. Now your, your daughter's getting married. Yes. Now did, did the, the young man come to you and ask you, and how was that conversation? Yo, he did, he is a girl. He is a really great dude, man. My dude, te man, he is a good guy. He's Jamaican, you know, so they have that, they have good respect, you know, He laughed when you said he's Jamaican, he's Jamaica.


He's a good dude. He Jamaican. Why, why you say that? I said that. I was getting to The point. Oh, go ahead. Go ahead. Because they have a culture, you know, and, and they have a way, you know, and that, that us African Americans don't, you know what I'm saying? And so it's, you know, it was very respectful and you know, he did it the traditional way. It was cool. You know what, Emini here, and of course I'm, yeah. You know, when You see how many people who have not, you know, survived in hip hop. Yeah. Does it give you more of an appreciation of life? Of course. It's a, it's a dirty game, man. It, it feels like only hip hop goes through that, you know, seeing so many young brothers, guys as a young age, it's, it's kind of crazy, you know, knowing that that's how I thought when I was young in hip hop, you know?


So it's kind of, it's kind of weird to just kind of seeing it all unfold. And, and, and that's how these young brothers, you know, also think, and it's like, you know, we gotta break that, that, that, that cycle too. I saw you said you wish the internet was around during the time of like, you in fifties back and forth. Yeah. But listening to you tell that story, I'm like, don't you, like, aren't you happy that it wasn't 'cause getting to enjoy that without social media, without feeling like you had to post it and tag it and talk about it? Like, Nah, because you know, you sometimes you gotta show certain elements of certain things. Social media was good for that. Social media's good to show certain things. That's what I was just Got you. Without getting too into it involved, What, what similarities did you see in the situation between Kendrick and Drake and you and 50?


And just, I'm just talking about as far as how, you know, the public turned on consumers and Consumer turned on. Yeah. Emini here, you know, that's the fans man, you know, fans of Fickle, you know, I, I knew that, you know, that's what made me kind of transition how I, how I make my money. You know, it was kind of like, okay, I can't put all my eggs in this basket. I kind of, kind of diversified in a lot of different ways because if these slip on me for whatever reason, I ain't like the way I wore my hat. You know what I'm saying? The other day or whatever. And you know, it is that, you know, music, it's a crazy thing, you know? But I do see certain things that are assimilating and just the way, you know, public perception, you know, how people can kind of turn their back on you because you are winning so much.


I think, I think that's what, you know, people really, they, I think that's the issue people really have with it. He's just too hot, man. You know what I'm saying? The boy don't lose. And, and people wanted to see him get a little bit of dent in his armor. That, that that's all You ever stop to think to yourself. You know, all those years ago you put out the clap back record, right? Yeah. And when you put it out, everybody was like, what is Ja doing? Yeah. But now, 25 years later, not only is the record dope, everybody uses the term term clap back. Literally. Yeah. You probably be in the sha room. Like, this is mine. I might can still check her. It's going Like, No, Jasmine Crockett might have that. Jasmine Crockett might it my clap back. She, it's also, it's also interesting to me that you are 50 have not outgrown each other.


And what Emini here by that is, if you're talking to 50, Ja gonna come up. If you're talking to Ja 50 gonna come up. Yeah. Emini here. I don't, I don't bring him up per se at all. No, we do. Yeah, Yeah. The media does. Yeah. But, you know, but, because I think that's because he's a troll and he keeps it going. You know what I'm saying? You be throwing jabs and throwing them back. But you be, you be you be hit. I, you know, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll go to the circus once in a while. You know what Emini here, but I, I really like to stay clear of, of, of that. Yeah. 'cause when residency stuff happen, I was like, oh Lord, I, You know, I, I like to have fun sometimes And I poke jabs at 'em too. But that's all it really is. It's like, it's, and and to me it's like, it's silly, you know?


We're both successful black men And I think the focus should be on continuing to make sure that we, we, we pay it forward, push forward, make sure the culture keeps going forward. I think that's more important. You know, I see some of the things that he gets involved in is this Fs on something like, like up, you know what I'm saying? Like, you know, that's what I be thinking of myself, you know? And so when I see the things that he does and, you know, he did the, the, the earth smoking or nothing. I'm like, how do you feel about that? You saw it. Of course, nobody likes all this goofy, but it's goofy. You know what I'm saying? So I'm like, I'm not, you know, Preem said it best, you know, I spoke to preemie the other day. He,


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple called Play. And a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field, or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities, and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been, because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


The number one hit True Crime podcast. The girlfriends is back with something new. The Girlfriends Spotlight, our first two series introduced you to an incredible gang of women who teamed up to fight injustice, showing just how powerful sisterly solidarity can be. We're keeping this mission alive with the girlfriend's spotlight. Each week, a different woman sits down with me, Anna Sinfield, to share their incredible story of triumph over adversity. Like Luanne, who is raised in a secretive religious community. Do I want my freedom or do I want my family? And found a way to escape When she said, you know, you can leave. Right? It was a light bulb And now helps other women get out too. I loved my girls. I still love my girls. So come and join our Girl gang. Listen to the Girlfriend Spotlight on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? How goes lower from Blumhouse tv? iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst, as he unravels the mystery of his vanished boyfriend. And Santi was gone. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person, sleep with everyone he knew of, obviously. Mm. Pillow talk the most unwelcome window into the human psyche. Follow our out of his element hero as he engages in a series of ill-conceived investigative hookups. Mama always used to say, God gave me gumption in place of a gag reflex. And as I was about to learn, no amount of showering can wash your hands of a bad hookup. Now take a big whiff, my bra. Listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


No, PRIs always got the the right word. 'cause I was hot. You know what I'm saying? I was hot. I, I was, I was ready to go Nuclear. And I, you know, I said, you know, so I spoke to Freeman anyway, and pre said, yo, he said, he said, you know, rule, he said, here's what you gotta understand about who we are and what we are. He said, we are masters of self defense. And I said, I love it. I said, 'cause I'm not, I'm, I'm, I don't want to start trouble, make trouble with people, but if we gotta get into it, make it, oh, I'll, I'll end it. I'll put it to it. Go, I'll take it to the next. You know, so that's why I'm like, you know what that is the, the, the best description of what I am and who I am as a man that I could ever think about. You know what I'm saying? Because that's who we are as men.


We here to protect our family, protect our home, defend our honor, our names, our reputation. That's what we here. I'm not here to be a bully and bother people. I'm not. That's not, that's not what I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm here to do. You know what I'm saying? But I am a master, so, all Right. Well, we're still kicking it with Ja Rule. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. We are The Breakfast Club. Ja Rule is in the building. Charlamagne, you know, I'm sitting Here with you and I'm thinking to myself in a way, you do have to understand why feels the way he feels though, right? When you think about everything that y'all been through, I I really don't really? Yeah, I don The fighting, the shooting, the stabbing. We're shooting. We ain't got nothing to do with that. Oh, well I Don Just say it.


Yeah, yeah. Vince ain gotta do to this. You know what I'm saying? I know the, the reality of it all, you know what I'm saying? And that ain't gotta do with that. But I guess it's good for people to play that when they wanna play that and then play victim when they wanna play victim. You know what I'm saying? So, you know, I, like I said, I leave it all alone. I, I, I live a really, really cool life. I'm in a good space. Sometimes you just gotta remove yourself from the circuit. And that's what I've chosen to do it. So that's why I've been being real, real quiet and cool. Just enjoying my, my time. You know, it's funny 'cause you know, I'll get dms and from, you know, other enemies, you know what they say? A friend of my, Yeah.


A friend. A friend of an enemy of my enemy friend. Enemy of my friend of my friend. Yeah. My friend. I got a lot of, I got a lot of those. You know what I'm saying? No enemy of my enemy of my friend. Enemy of my enemy my friend. You'll be Responding to that. 'cause you probably don't get down with that, right? Like, no, no, no. But it be like, people y'all know very well, enemy the deals would be like, yeah, you see this? Hold on. So y'all, you know what's So crazy? Because we say that all the time when Ja Rule was going through his situation, Ja got jumped. That's why I don't really like to compare the Drake. This is true Kendrick thing. Yeah. You guys jumped. So all of those relationships you never made amends with. I thought, yeah, me and Game is cool. It Was bus moment. Yeah. Eminem for moment. Me, me and me and Axes cross street. Cool. You know, but the rest, yeah, nah, they all, they all on that side know what I'm saying?


So I don I don't pump with them. That's Cool. Now I gotta ask, you know, what was your mind frame and what were your thoughts when they said that they were bringing the fire Festival back? I'm glad, I'm glad you brought that up, Mr. Vy. What was the, I thought you was like, I'm glad you brought that Up. Remember when we was, when I was Here around That time And my good brother Vy was like, Ja, how, how could you have a Partner Doing some what's in his whiskey? What's in his whiskey?


Yo, I just, the job so many times y great hole that Oh yeah, yo, it's possible right in me. You right. Oh, oh man. Swear. But you More cognizant of that now, who you attach your brand to, I'm sure. Yeah, For sure. For, and you know what's crazy, And Andy, you can probably attest to this, like yes he can yeah, attest The beauty of all, you know, you don't wanna go through nothing like, you know, you know, those types of situations. But the beauty of it is now when I vet a situation, people don't get mad at all.


Like when I'm, when I'm like real anal about like, ah, I don't know, let me just check a little bit more, see what this about. Absolutely. They do not like, it's, it is no sweat that like, I get it. Ja, I get it, I get it. You know what I'm saying? So that I guess is a plus for things where people are very forgiving when it comes to how hard I'm, I'm, I'm vetting the next situation that I'm getting into. You have to, you have to Have to, well, with Amber and Opal, speaking of vetting, yeah. I was watching an interview where you talked about, and we had tried this before and we were talking about the tasting and stuff. And I honestly think, Mr. Tell Mr. Liquor, I'm Amber Opal is the whiskey that, that, that you own. I'm not even CS really good. I already knew was Waiting for y'all to taste It. Like, man, this is the first whiskey I've ever tasted.


I'm like, yo, this is actually really good. Wanna drink it? Total. We in total fish. You could do it in coffee. I feel like this in the morning. You could do this in like a good coffee. Yeah. Know what Envy it tastes like an old fashioned already. Yeah. Oh, it is Ice cube. Yeah. Yeah. What do you smell, smell, smell. I'm to up online. 'cause I pour the over ice and called, it was mad at me. I no ice. I, I made a Mistake. It's completely back me alone. But you did a good job with this. What do you smell when you smell it? It's like sweet and smoky at the same time. See That smokey taste that you, that you, that you taste, that smoke finish, that is a, a, a Chinese tea, Chinese black tea that we use called Lap Song Sochu.


You see, you see my black brother back there. I'm, I'm gotta give him more the prop. 'cause he's the whiskey enthusiast outta of the crew. And so this blend, he was sweating, you know what I'm saying? You see he bald too. So he is back there sweating, getting, putting this blend together the right way. And he, and he did the damn thing with it. And, and you know, I was the guy that was tasting it. That was you. That I'm not really a whiskey drinker, but tasting it was like, I could drink this. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. So I was important to the, to the, you know, to the, to the tasting when I thought I wasn't, you know, I was sitting there like, nah, I don't know what I'm tasting. I don't know if this, you know, whatever. And they're like, take, I'm drinking A, B, C, D. I'm like, they all kind of taste the same. Just tell me which one you like. You know what I'm saying?


Right. And, and, and so that, that, that's important. And we, we wanted to really nail that for the whiskey. Curious, you know, what Emini here, people who are maybe first time whiskey drinkers or not really, you know, whiskey Enthusiasts. I guess this is my last question, I guess. Now we gotta go to Ghana. Oh, go to Ghana. We go to school in Ghana. So talk about the school in Ghana that you, That you built. Yeah, so I just got back from Ghana yesterday. Last night I built a six classroom block in NSU Ghana. Amazing feeling. Probably the most important thing that I've done Wow. In my career thus far. You know, I say that because this is something that's gonna live way beyond me. You know, all the thousands of kids that I get to go to this school and, and learn English and learn math and, you know, science and, and history and all those great things.


It's really, really, you know, special. And, and what people have to understand is, you know, we're not in Accra. You know what I'm saying? We're, you know, I, I land in okra in, in, in Ghana, that's the capital. And I, we, we drive two and a half hours outside of okra too in Washington where it's like really, really, really small villages of people. And, and they don't have much of anything. They don't have, you know, a lot of fresh water. You know, they don't have, you know, so we had to build the bathrooms there so they can, you know, have sanitary places. You know, they're still teaching the girls how to, you know, you know, be sanitary with themselves, wash themselves, things of that nature.


And, and you know, with their menstrual cycles and stuff like that, you know, we, we was at a, a tribe out there just now where they still believe that the blood from the a woman's menstrual cycle is evil. And so the women have to go into a outhouse for seven days. What? And wow. Why they're doing their men. So, so it's, it is also a, a learning experience that, you know, we're offering out there too. And I did this through, you know, pencils of promise, Andy, and screw the bronze, you know, foundation. Really. They do really, really great work, man. So I've been working with them for the last few years and you know, I I I, you know, broke ground on the school last year and this year, you know, we here opening the school, cutting the ribbon and the kids are Amazing.


Congratulations. Amazing. Well we appreciate you for joining us. Absolutely. Out and about. Pick up the new whiskey, Amber and Opal. Yeah, for sure. For you said, is it Total Wines Wine? Total wines? Yeah. We, we know, we we going into other spaces too. I ain never seen you drink this much. Really good Emini here. I love, love that Man. It Is really good. No, but that was how we, when we first tried it the last time you were not up here for an interview, but we just ran into you. I was like, this is whiskey real smooth. It's no way. Yeah Lauren, she's definitely, she definitely gave it the stamp of approval first. Yeah. Congrats. She's a drunk so she says you a drunk, not even alcoholic drunk. Oh no, I'm sorry. She does a lot of taste testing. That's what she does.


Wow. Yes. Well actually I used to work in the spirits industry, so, you know, boom Period. That's how I knew to tell you to smell it. But that big nose over there am about to come across as tables. Nasty. All ladies and gentlemen, it's Ja Rule yelled at me, intervention latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight off. She gets from somebody that knows somebody. She gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on the latest with Lauren la Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What was the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk, talk to me.


Carrie Hilson has been trending for the last 24 hours. Yes ma'am. Yes. She's currently trending, trending on Twitter right now because of her interview that she did appear at The Breakfast Club. So while she was here, she talked about being forced to record the Turning Me on Remix. That was the disc record to Beyonce and a few of the, of the other rap girlies. Let's take a listen to her on being forced to record the record. It's a regret, but not in the way that people would think. 'cause that's a song that I actually didn't write. Those are not my words. I was on tour. Paula wanted me to do a remix to turning me on. He had produced the record And I wasn't, because I was on tour with Lil Wayne, I wasn't able to like lay anything down. Some, he had another writer in our camp at the time.


He had her write this, so he played it for me. Like he, this is the remix. But I come into the studio and he plays me this verse And I'm like, I'm not saying that. So I tried to fight him on it and it was quite forceful. In an executive artist way You like Yeah. In an executive artist's way only and kind of threatening my career in a real sense. You're not coming. 'cause my album wasn't out yet, so it was like, you're not coming out if you don't do this. But I was in tears. I was crying. I was adamant that I did not wanna do that. Now she also talked about protecting a ton of people in this situation as well. It leaked like days after I did it, but he promised me that wouldn't happen. So it leaked And I, I protected him. I protected the girl that wrote it who went on to become famous.


I protected everyone in the story. So I had to eat that. And I am still eating it to this day. But that, that is definitely a regret of not fighting even stronger. But when you're that young, you're just kind of like, maybe They know better than me, right? I have to. Yeah. Yeah. What did Timbaland say? I think he just went because they were partners. I think he just went along, but I didn't, I don't remember that we involved him or that he was involved at all. 'cause he did, he hadn't produced that record. What I do know is he went on to work with B and Jay, so did Polo and tour with him and so did Polo. And I would say Carrie, the human was looking at Carrie Hilson the artist. Like, you deserve that. You should have fought harder. Now once the interview started to circulate, the people were like, well who is the writer?


And some people would begin to tag Esther Dean into our post on Instagram. Now Esther Dean came in the comment, she entered the chat and she said, I'm here. And then she commented back to a person who wrote, the writer was definitely Esther Dean. She commented back and said, and did And did Exclamation point. And it was a hit exclamation point. You Can tell when somebody had been waiting to come out the shadows for a while when somebody ain't been talking about for a long time. Nah, I'm here Into the group chat. Shame me to do that though. Yeah. Shame me to do that. At the, at the same time that she did that, she posted a photo with her and Polo dawn to her Instagram. People were in them Instagram comments on that photo, tearing her up Bi Went crazy.


Oh, not even beehive. Just people that that were like, yo, you think this is cute? Yeah. You're admitting to ruining someone's career. You're admitting to being a part of forcing somebody to do something. One girl commented and said it's crazy that you were, that you were gloating about ruining someone's career when yours didn't even take off even with a disc. Yeah, they were, they were going in. They weren't. And people were dropping the bees. It was a whole thing. 10 seconds later. Yep. So then after that we do it again. Envy. 10 seconds later period. She then posted an apology. She said, I submitted a lot of verses for that remix. One got picked and it was co-written with Carrie. Looking back, it was childish and didn't age well. I see how it hurt people, especially women.


And I take full accountability. I've worked with and supported many women since, but that doesn't erase the moment. I'm sorry for my part in it. Growth is real and so is the apology. So she admitted to it, but also brought Carrie along as an accomplishment. She did, she did. Talking about, I co-wrote it with Carrie. I apologize, but She helped. That was so funny. 'cause she posted the picture of Polo Don And she stood on it 10 seconds later. Yeah. Now it wasn't me. It was me and her. Well, Carrie Hilson was not a, she didn't appreciate that because when she was up here, she made it clear that she didn't, those were not her words. You Write the song Lord. So she said Dean, she commented on the shade room and she said, Dean, I personally don't think that this is our fight to have.


I respected you in this matter for 16 years. And I have attempted to do that again yesterday while finally expressing the truth when asked. But since you're coming to the table, let's be clear, you used the word co-wrote, I rewrote three lines in your verse, which was the only battle I won in the whole matter. But you weren't there when all of this was going down and we didn't write it together. Those lines, these lines are mine. I have that the audio for you. So we'll play that. She said she only wrote the binge getting dollars. Boy, go get your money up. Know you ain't the only homie on me lineup. She said that was the softest section of the lines were about a boy. Because not only did she strongly disagree with the unnecessary hateful sentiments towards other women, but she's also been a fan she's never been a fan of, of, of a publicity stunt method.


So I also argued, she also argued that in her trail of attempts that the verse isn't even on subject with the original song. So she was pushing back the whole time. She sat behind the scenes and she said that Easter erde choose chose to stay quiet for over 16 years, but coming out only now when you felt a portion of the heat. I've gotten this all of this time. You know something that was said yesterday that I found interesting. It was Carrie, somebody from Carrie's team was like, you know, everything happened for a reason. Yes. Because they were, they were kind of second guessing whether or not they wanted certain things left in the interview. Correct. Right. And she's right. She said what she said, and the best thing that happened was Esther Dean coming out and say so saying something because people were already pushing back on Carrie saying, oh, you making this up, you making this up.


Correct. But Esther was like, Nope. I did write it. So it it solidified everything Carrie said. Yep. Wow. That song was such a good song. It was definitely a bop And I would dance to it, but I looked like cruising down the street and supposed to be on so I ain't even get up and do it. You look like a nigga with an attitude this morning. I look like. I know. I swear. Yes. Damn, yo. Well, I, I did reach out to Esther Dean, I did reach out to Polo Dawn. They didn't respond to me. Esther Dean though. She did, she posted the apology and she collab one of our posts from the, in The Breakfast Club Instagram. But y'all respond back to me. Got some questions. Oh. Oh, Esther, Dana ain't about to say no, I'm here now. She, no, she backing, hiding where she been for 16 years.


She ain't mess with y'all No more. Her last hit, what was it? Drop Low? Yeah. She, she, she done now she low. She like, I'm done. I'm I'm gonna stay low. Get Low, Esther. Well, The saga is done, hopefully for Karen. I Hope so. I I hope so. So yeah, I'm glad, I'm glad that this is getting some attention now though. And people do know the real story after, you know, after all this time. So thank you Lauren. You welcome you You look Like He yo chill like no. Yo, stop checking me out over there. I'm turning you on. You turning you on. You said she looked like Eazy-E what did you say? She sounded like Eazy-E Yo yo. You do look like Eae now that she said it. I said Lauren saying Emini here. Jeff been saying that all morning. She Said it to me.


I guess she, because we Was late so she drunk looking crazy. No, I, I just was happening to just be looking at her and like, Oh right. Donkey girls hanging from the hat. Who giving a donkey to man? There's a pastor out there that thinks TSA can make you gay. We'll discuss. Oh My God. I hate this place. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. You are checking out The Breakfast Club. I just wanted to know how you came up with the Donkey of the Day. Tell us because you're mean. I'm not. What did I do today? There's a bunch of donkeys out here in the street. That is why Charlamagne here. If we live a life where we bite our tongue based off who we may, we never singing on The Breakfast Club.


The words of Charlamagne's guys, he's a donkey. That was, oh man. Charlamagne you giving donkey today to who now? Well, Buster Rhymes donkey today for Thursday, April 10th goes to a Christian nationalist pastor from Tennessee named Andrew Isker. Okay. He co-hosts a podcast with a guy named CJ Engle and they call their podcast the number one Christian nationalist podcast in The World. They have created a community called Heritage Americans and they have explicitly stated they're longing for the American way of life before women join the workforce. Before civil rights ruined everything and before the lgbtq plus community took all the letters from the alphabet and made it look like a line on the eye chart.


Oh, trust and believe they're from Tennessee. But they absolutely support Florida's don't say gay bill. In fact, they think you can just be turned gay. Now, last time I checked there was only one way to turn gay. And that's to have sex with someone of the same sex. Well, Andrew Isker gerbes the differ. He thinks that airport security scanners, you know the ones that detect weapons and other potential threats. Yes. He thinks those things are a gay beam machine that could turn you into a homosexual. Let's go take a peek into their podcast. Let's listen. Where was the constitution when the Patriot Act was act was passed. Right? Emini Here, gimme a break. Like I had to be molested at the airport to go to Florida. Right? Just to get on an airplane. 'cause I'm not gonna go through the, the gay beam machine. I didn't let CJ do it. I wouldn't let 'em do it. Said you're getting patted down too, buddy.


I don't want them turning you gay. It appears having a guy touch you all over the place is on his face. Seems worse. But you don't really know what's going, what, what those things are doing to you. Now, I am not the highest grade of weed in the dispensary, nor am I a strongest avenger. But I think I can say without a shadow of a doubt that the airport scanner is not gonna make you gay. How many times have you been through it? Right? The employ your results scanner? No, the airport scanner does not want your butt. Okay. Andrew thinks TSA is prison. He thinks TSA stands for take somebody's ass. Okay, technology of sodomy Advancement. Let me be the first to tell you, Andrew, if you go through the airport scanner and then all of a sudden you got another man's blue vein sausage on your brain, then trust me when I tell you that you was craving crotch rockets long before you got to the airport.


Now, Jesus, I know there might be some Christian nationalists out there or other folks who believed this type of foolishness, but a machine designed to detect metal and contraband does not have the side effect of altering one sexual orientation. I know that may sound crazy to you, but you will not develop a taste for tonsil ticklers just because you go through the scanner at the airport. Now I be wondering, where do people come up with this stuff? Is it the internet? Did he consult with anyone about this? Personally? I think you already smoke skin flutes and those closet door walls are closing in on you. And before you get exposed, you throwing this out there so you can have an excuse. Okay? You wanna be able to blame your gayness on airport scanners?


No, no, no. I think you A TSA agent right now, pastor and TSA for you stands for thoroughly sniffing anus. All right? There is no other reason for someone to spread such a theory. This is like saying if you step on a digital scale, it will change your zodiac side. You step on it as a, as a Aries way in 180 step off your way in 180. But now you are Sagittarius. That's not how that works. Okay? You probably think the radiation from microwaves turns people into pedophiles, don't you? Huh? We live in a world where people are trying to run from themselves and you can't run from who you are. Okay? You can't run from what you are. Stop hiding behind religion and blaming airports cans because you like the blow on a man's love whistle.


Okay? The same Bible that you read out of says judge, not that you not be judged, that's Matthew seven one. Okay? The reason you so afraid to be yourself is because you are scared that all the judgment you passed on to others will now be passed on to you. So stop with the baseless fear mongering and spreading misinformation. If you have a passion for pink pickles, who are we to judge? Please give Pastor Andrew Isker the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons. Oh, now you are the Donkey of the Day. You're the Donkey of the Day.


Nothing. Nothing brings me more joy than watching Sid, who's, you know, our digital person. Oh, that's funny. She be here on TikTok. She's So mad. And I can always tell when we got bumped off TikTok, she just looks so defeated and puts the phone down and just stares at me. Or was it the pink pickles? No. No. Sometimes she turns it off because she knows we're gonna get banned. Yeah. Oh, Was it the taste? What was it today? Tickler. You turned It off today? Or did they ban us? It Was gay. It was too much gay, wasn't it? April? You said what? We'll be Back on April 17th. April 17th. Damn. Was it to take somebody's ass? The TSA stand up for take somebody's ass. What was it? Yeah, It was all of it. All Of it. Okay. Especially The way you say gay. You say it all hard, They just, you want to say soft? Yeah, like gay. But That's the, that's the Q con.


Yeah, that's what they, that's that's the only thing they like. Take somebody's ass. Exactly. See now that sounds a little crimey. Like that's too crimey. It's too negative. All right, SLU to TikTok family. We'll see you when? April 17th you said we'll be back April 17th. TikTok all our people on TikTok who have a taste for, okay. Alright, up next Jess. Fix my mess. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you're having relationship issues or problems, you can call Jess right now. (800) 585-1051. Sydnee so mad. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Damn. The Breakfast Club X about Me relationship problems X about me.


You need to beat your coworkers ass X about me. Your coworker need to beat your ass. Call it up then. Dr. Jess, I'm here to fix your mask. Fix your mask. It's getting very much messy. Let me fix this Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's time for Jess. Fix my mess. Hello, who's this? Good morning. This is Trey. Trey, what's up? What's your question for Jess? Hey, good morning Jess. Good morning Charlamagne. Peace King. I've Been married, I've been married for about eight years with my girl and we just don't have sex as much as I would like. And I I what I've learned was sex is more of a higher need from them and women are more like emotional quality.


But what, what's the secret? She says she wants you to be like full her mind and be more romantic. Help with more emotion. Connected is easy on speaker Or are you on speaker, bro? 'cause we can barely hear you on speaker on Bluetooth. Oh, I just took it off. Can you hear me Better? Way better. I can hear you better. Go ahead. I'm sorry. You said you were married for eight years, you're not having sex like y'all used to and you understand what, As much as I would like, I understand that women are more emotional and for men is a higher need, but what she explained is she wants me to feel, make her feel more emotionally connected and romance there. Oh, And I try, but just seems like women make it more hard. Like you want to feel security take the load off. You gotta do like a huge list and then, oh, if you feel like it then you would do it.


And it kind of one more thing. Kind of remind me kind of With DJ Envy, I don't wanna bring back your old thing with the orgasm thing. Yes you Do. Dang, you soloman. Love it. But go ahead. Damn. No, because what think if I like with the stroke or how well you do it or how large you are, how you I guess fill their minds, which is really difficult to understand. Yeah. Because sex is learn. I was 17, sorry, I was triggered. Sorry. 17 to 27. Sorry, I was 17. Oh my god. 17 to 27. So Stop it. 10 years was not 10 years. So you lied in your book. Well, First of all, don't think calling the period triggering envy ho Don't don't, don't trigger 'em y'all all right now. I apologize. Now listen, it could be, so she don't wanna have sex unless she wants to type situation, right?


Yeah. Well, not as often as I would like. Okay. All right. What else is she going through? Like is she, is she, is she stressed out? 'cause of work? Because listen, just from my own experience, like I, I know this to be true when there's a lot going on, I travel so much And I got, you know, the new baby and you know everything that's happening. I got this business, that business and everything. The last thing on my mind is sex. I don't feel like it. I'm not in the mood. You have to be in the mood. Is she stressed out over things? Is she overwhelmed with work? Like what's up? What else is going on with her that you haven't gotten to the bottom of yet? What you think? Yeah, that's true. But it seems like it's always confused. It could be a headache. She, she does have a large, like a big schedule of work with the kids.


But I think I've been my part by trying to help out more, doing dishes here and there, pulling down with the kids. But then it's like, well I'm not feeling emotionally connected. You are Not feeling emotion emotionally connected to her. No, the woman is, she's saying she's not feeling emotionally connected in order to get in the mood or, or romanced enough. Okay. So, oh, so she told you that she, that she feels like you're not romantic enough. You're like she's, there's no, there's a disconnect emotionally there from her side. She feels Yes. I wanna know how I can make her feel emotionally connected in conversation. Mm. Then when you open up, I get mad. So it's like, what do you say? You can't win. Yeah. See, I, I honestly, I ain't gonna lie, I don't know. Do do y'all men have any, 'cause he's saying that she told him, I thought he was telling me that he's emotionally disconnected or something like that, but he said she told him that and he keeps trying to figure it out.


Like, alright, trying to figure out ways he can emotionally connect with her, but it is not working. He, he damned if you do, damned if you don't. So yeah, Emini here. I I would tell you this. Yeah, I know it was a big joke I wrote in my book about it, but yeah, you're right. I was, when I was having sex with my wife as early on, I thought it was like porn. You, you know, I watched porn. That's so I would just go hard. That's what it was. I wasn't Oh yeah. It was just Sex. I wasn't mentally with her. Yeah. Like I was.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new, new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like Intelligent Drive the Kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


The number one hit True Crime podcast. The girlfriends is back with something new. The Girlfriends Spotlight. Our first two series introduced you to an incredible gang of women who teamed up to fight injustice. Showing just how powerful sisterly solidarity can be. We're keeping this mission alive with the Girlfriend Spotlight. Each week a different woman sits down with me, Anna Sinfield, to share their incredible story of triumph over adversity. Like Luann, who was raised in a secretive religious community. Do I want my freedom or do I want my family? And found a way to escape When she said, you know, you can leave. Right? It was a light bulb And now helps other women get out to I loved my girls, I still love my girls. So come and join our Girl gang. Listen to the Girlfriend Spotlight on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? How goes lower from Blumhouse tv? iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst as he unravels the mystery of his vanished boyfriend and Santi was gone. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Sleep with everyone he knew of obviously. Hmm. Pillow talk the most unwelcome window into the human psyche. Follow our out of his element hero as he engages in a series of ill-conceived investigative hookups. Mama always used to say God gave me gumption in place of a gag reflex. And as I was about to learn, no amount of showering can wash your hands of a bad hookup. Now take a big whiff, my bra. Listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Just you know, whatever what it was. But once I got mentally to that level where we were mind fing and having sex, the everything has changed. Yeah. So I think you have to get into her mind, not just have sex, not just pull her panties off. Right. And and just start smashing. You really have to get into it and make her feel loved. Make her feel wanted. Make her feel desired. Yep. That's what you got. I hear you. But how and how, how often should the marriage couple be having sex? What's a good amount of time? Per week. Per week? It just depends on what everybody's different. You know what I'm saying? Like you, I don't know. Depends on work schedule. How many kids you got at the time that you could actually have you? They, you got Crazy jobs and Emini here. Oh. And we can't teach you to how to be sexual with your wife. Like we can't teach you how to touch your wife or make things romantic, light a candle, play some soft music.


Would You ever locked up this sound like he'd be pouncing on her just like killing it Like she, Nah, I think it's because I'm not good at opening up is the main thing. Well if you would've led with that big head then we could've got to the bottom of it sooner. You not good with opening up. So there's a guard up. That's why you can't emotionally, like you can't extend those emo emotions to it 'cause you don't even know how to feel it. All right, look, just jump in my DM 'cause we ain't got time here. Jump in my DM and I'm gonna fix your mess there. And then we gonna put you on a podcast. 'cause Yeah, now it's you. The problem, What color do I need put? So, you know, to make, because I know you probably get a hundred dms and to go to your Te tell me. I Just say I can't emotionally connect with my wife.


I got you. I I'm gonna find you. It ain't too many of dms being sent, so send me that. I got you. And we gonna reconvene there. I got you. Good Luck brother. Just fix my mess. (800) 585-1051. Call her now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Hey, That you plan for the, you got girl pretty, you just took it off the line talking while you coming.


17. You know what girl You got? Girl. You got girl.


I Don You got girl, you got help me baby. It's the real deal. Help me. Help me. Oh my God. I'm all up in your mess. I'm gonna fix it. Fix it, fix it, fix it. Just gonna fix your mess. 'cause my advice is real Warning everybody, it's D EJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's time for just fix my mess.


Now Amman's on the line. She has tickets for your show this weekend, but she's not going. Why? What the hell? I didn't say I wasn't going. Yo Emini here is a clown. What To the story. I'm most definitely going, but, so You're in Orlando though. First of all, you're in Orlando, Florida and you, and you bought tickets to the show that I got at the Funny Bone this weekend. I'm gonna be there all weekend. And what happened? Listen. Yeah. So I bought tickets for me and my dude or whatever, but a couple weeks ago I found out that he was cheating on me. Yeah. Messing up the show. I broke up with yo. Right. Damn. And unfortunately all my home girls are busy. Unfortunately all my home girls are busy And I really don't have anybody to go with.


So I was like, maybe I could just, we could still kick it or whatever at the show and have a good time. I don't know. What do you think? Oh, so you, oh, you know what? Yeah. Bring his ass to the show. You just, I just bring him to the show. Okay. You know, and they gotta be a signal. You gotta let me know like who y'all are, period. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Just let me know what's your name on, on IG or something so I can, so I can be expecting a, a DM from me. Yeah, I'll do. Okay. So I'll DM you and I'll try to, I don't wanna put my my Oh yeah. All, well don't, don't put it out there then, but DM DM me and then tell me exactly. Say I got tickets to your show. I'm the girl who got re who just recently got cheated on and I'm still bringing you to the show.


And we, me Dey gonna make sure that you feel great about this by the end of the show. Oh, I love that. Thank you. Absolutely. Yes, I will. I'm gonna embark you. No problem baby girl. Thank you. Don't forget. All right. I Won't. Now you know this, any man that was gonna go to your show that cheated on that girl, they not going to your show. It's gonna be nothing. Women at the show, yo. In Orlando. I know because any man that just heard that was like, nah, I ain't going there ain't nothing man. But he messing up the show like how you cheat before the show. Why you couldn't cheat after? Damn. Like don't, don't cheat before. By the way, a Jess Hilarious show with all women is great because the studs be coming out to speed. Jess too. Yeah. So you got the studs and then just bringing the ladies out. What are you talking about? What She gonna get there with him and leave with her.


Damn. I'm telling you. They be ready. They be outside lined up with the backpacks. Well Jess will be in Orlando this week, right? What the backpack? I'll be, I'll be with the backpack with the Lambkin dildo thing. You already Know. You already know. I don't care. Be a whole line up with the backpack. It's looking like a field trip, bro. It happen all I love it. But I'll be there at Funny Bone this Friday, this Saturday in Orlando. Get your tickets if you have not yet. And I will be doing meet and greet after every late show on Friday and Saturday. So funny. bone.com or jess official.com. Get your tickets Orlando. All right. When we come back, we got the latest with Laura. What we talking about? Michelle Obama is addressing the divorce rumors. Mm. She calling us to the table to have a conversation.


She calling Us to the front of the congregation. She's calling You to the table. You had the rumor. You think it started it? You think it was Me? Yes. We Gonna talk about it. All right, we'll get to it next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight face Man. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody some, Well she gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything. She be having the latest on the Lord the latest with Lauren LaRosa. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything.


Well, It's the latest On The Breakfast Club. Talk to me. So Michelle Obama, Turn to mic. Oh, Oh Shoot. Dang. Am I on? Can you Hear me? You're Good now. You're good. Can you hear you? So Michelle Obama, she was on the Work in Progress podcast hosted by actress Sophia Bush. And the conversation that they were having was about women being able to make their own decisions and how as a mom, as a wife, as a woman in general, walking through The World, but especially as a mom and a wife, you never wanna make decisions that disappoint other people in this conversation. They then got to what's been the conversation all around that there may be a divorce looming with the Obamas.


Let's take a listen to her on her divorce. We as women, I think we struggle with like disappointing people. Yeah. You know, Emini here so much so that this year people were, you know, they couldn't even fathom that I was making a choice for myself. That they had to assume that my husband And I are divorcing. You know, that she, this wouldn't, this couldn't be a grown woman just making a set of decisions for herself. Right, right. But that's what, that's what society does to us. Yeah. So in this conversation, And I, we, we talked about it here in the latest, I know Morgan talked about this earlier today, but wanted to bring it back in because first of all, her having to address this, I'm like, this is Michelle Obama having to address divorce rumors.


But secondly, Emini here, it was a thing because she chose to not go to a couple events with Barack Obama. People were like, hey, there's, there's, you know, problems in their marriage. Yeah. Now also in this podcast, she begins to talk about, at this point in time when we're not seeing her go different places with him, she's making decisions on her own. Like deciding to like pick up hobbies and just do things that she actually likes to do. Like live A normal life. Yes. Live a normal life. And she, she also talks about, And I thought that this was pretty in interesting after her mom passed away, which, which was in this last year. Mm. Her and her brother looked up and were like, yo, we don't got a lot of time. And we're like the oldest, like we are the oldest now in our family. Our mom is going, if we don't start making decisions now to do things that we wanna do, we're not going to have the time.


Right. So let's Start a podcast. They, they did and they started a podcast together. They did. And she said that again, she's been doing things that you probably wouldn't necessarily always see her doing and she's been doing it separate from her husband and that's okay. Yeah. There's nothing wrong with that. There's Nothing wrong with that at all. But I just thought it was crazy that she came out and actually addressed the stuff. I would've never, That's all you guys have been talking about. When you don't see a popup at certain things, you'd be like, oh, what's there? Is there a problem in their relationship at home? Yeah. Now every re like, like we said earlier, every relationship is different, right? Like there's things that Gia does that I gotta go because I'm the husband And I don't wanna go. And there's things that she comes to that I know she doesn't want to go. But every relationship is different and people should mind their business. That's, that's also what happens when we think we know people. That's right. Like, like there's 24 hours in a day, seven days a week. And because we see brief moments in these people's lives and we haven't seen them together a couple of times, right?


Yeah. They getting a divorce now. I ain't seen 'em with their kids either. She, but I know they stay their parents, She talked about not wanting we ain't them. She talked about not wanting to dis disappoint the kids too. And then as moms Jess you might, you know you understand this, she said as moms, anytime you make a decision, that's the first thing you think about is like, will it disappoint my kids? Yeah. How will my kids feel about it? And you just never even stop to think, yo, I'm never thinking about myself. Yeah, yeah. But speaking of divorce, Tyreek Hill, his wife Kea Hill has filed for divorce from the NFL superstar one day after cops were called over a domestic dispute at their home in Miami. So according to the Sunny Isles Beach Police Department, there's an incident report that was released and it was obtained by TMC sports.


Cops say that Keita who? Keira's Mother Ali, AIA Orissa told them that she had called for emergency services on Monday after she saw Tyreek throw a computer to the floor and then grabbed the couple's. Baby daughter officers on the scene stated that Keta told them she and Tyreek had been arguing frequently lately. And Monday's quarrel was sparked by a comment that he was not involved enough with their daughter. That's when he got irritated. Cops say Kea told them that. Now Tyrek cops wrote said that he had gotten upset with Keita after the argument about their daughter. So he approached her, grabbed the baby, and started walking around the apartment. In his own words officers say in the report he stated, I have the same rights as a father as her as a mother, And I can take my baby whenever I want.


Hmm. Officials say both parties told them that the argument never became physical. No arrests were made and authorities told us, told TMZ on Wednesday, there's no further investigation into the matter. Their direct quote was on Monday we were informed that the police were called to Tyreek Hill's home. And after conversations with Tyreek and members of the family, the police department left the residences with no further incident and the case was closed. Yes. And then I just wanna say baby, you reported that down just now. Okay. Oh thank you. You are welcome. Well, Official Eazy-E stamping me. Wow. Finish right now. Lauren finish And In other relationship news Brandy Ray J What?


Nothing. No, Go. Go ahead Lord Brandy, I, Brandy and Ray J are having some issues As well. Oh God. So Ray J decided to call Kaisa not because now Ray J is beginning to stream and he was telling Kaisa not like, yo, when y'all, you know the Kaisa not his crew be doing these sleepovers. UNC wanna come sleepover? No, Let's take a listen to Ray J. So y'all took showers together, right? No, but we be separated with cement trunks. That's what Emini here. Y'all had sleepovers before, right? Yeah, but not like that. Like yeah, so no, I meant, I didn't mean it like anything Emini here. It like how y'all meant I wanna sleep over too.


I wanna sleep with Y too. That's how Emini here. Pause. I know that was a lot. Wow. Y'all was in the shower. Y'all took a shower together. So I'm like what? I take a shower with them Of course with clothes on bro. You know what Emini here. What? All right Uncle Rick, can I call you up? You know what? You can call me unc man. You definitely Don sleepover. Like If I'm not invited it's cool. I just be heard about it. But they over there sleeping in the bed like I wanna sleep in the bed too. That Sounds crazy. I don mean yo. Wish you Emini here. I'm on my own bunk. Kevin Hart got a bunk. Druke got a bunk. This a big, this a big night. I wanna sleep too. My, that's how I'm saying. Oh I'm sorry. I'm sorry Melly. I'm so sorry. My precious baby. I'm sorry. First of all, y'all know what Ray J meant?


Cut it out. What do you mean? You know exactly what he meant when y'all, when he said he wanted sleepover. You've seen the sleepovers at Kevin Hart. Oh yeah. But in ski and all of them Do. First of all, I didn't understand why Kai. And what About the shadow part though, right? Yeah. Kai, y'all the in the shower half Ass for saying something like that. You, y'all knew what he meant. You knew what he meant. You already know. You couldn't wait for the as jokes that they build. I saw him building up in your mind. That's not true. And you lying. I know what Ray J meant. I don't know what justice meant meant by you. He would be the first one in somebody's behind. Explain that. Yeah. Yes. You'd be the first one in. Somebody's behind. Yo we we should, We should. So You wanna be the front because it's so bad. I am her. You wanna be matter of fact struck ball.


Let's talk about it. Lauren was drunk as hell last night And I was late to work this morning. Come in here drunk like an old man but still wanna be all proper old man. Just said get in your ass. You know you wanna be to somebody's behind Because I didn't wanna say the A word, You know Cur I be cussing but I don't wanna say the a word but To think about it, right? We should actually do a sleepover there. But could you take a shower? What you mean with my hair baby? These bundles don't play with me envy. You Just gotta wrap the, the part, the frontal part down. Yes. And all this can get wet. You gonna Let somebody with all that dye in they bed and tell you if they can take a shower? You be talking to me about my hair all the time and you lost your hair A long time at him. Shoot. Shoot at him. I'm helping you.


Sharpie and your hairline is an ancestor. I'm helping You with him. Alright? Okay, let's get back. Alright, because I gotta say this part real quick before we leave. The reason why I reported this is because Ray J shared a text saying that Brandy hates who he is because all he wants to be is himself and he don't know how to be anybody better than himself. He said he tried but he gets depressed when he tries to change because he doesn't have his wife anymore. He has no stability. He's sorry to assist her for who he is and his mom, he doesn't give a F about nobody else's feelings. And he said FI didn't try to be proper on that, but when it's my family, it makes me feel alone. So I turn up more, stay tuned to my kids who might see this later when they're older. Just know I work hard for you and only you. If I wasn't, if it wasn't for you Melody and Epic, I would've been locked up or dead.


I'm crashing out tonight. 'cause she texted him and said, come on Ray, what's up? What's going on with you? You're so much better than this. Because he wouldn't have a sleepover with Kai. Mm Mm So he screenshotted and put that out there that Brandy texted him. Yeah. That's why she don't be saying nothing to your dumber. Yo. Like why would you even put that out there? Yo, like I think Brandy don't know her brother either. Like if you say Ray J better than this, is he? No, that's the Way of her comforting him. Like she know damn well he better than this. Know that's Ray As A big sister, you always trying and like save you like you know, even if you know they not you like All right. Exactly. Well that is the Maybe come from better than this. That nigga. It is. I'm planning his crash out. He said I'm crashing out tonight. 8:00 PM Go live with me. When Did you, alright. He's going on a 12 hour Twitch screen right now.


Well That is the latest with Lauren. Did Y'all know he had siblings? Yes. Who? Charlamagne. Yeah. I've never heard you talk about them. Yeah. Yeah. You youngest or oldest Second child? No, he talks About it. He talks about his kid, his siblings. Middle child. Two, two younger brothers and younger sister. Remember when he, When he told us about his sisters, remember he said his dad had came in and and he caught him with his sisters talking about Oh yeah, Michael Bivins. Bivins is cute. Oh yeah. Was was that not just my sister and my sister and my cousin? That was your sister. Okay. My oldest sister said my girl, I release some clowns. The mix up next. You're checking out The Breakfast Club Morning everybody, it's D EJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club.


Now we got a salute to Ja Rule for joining us this morning. Hey Salute to the legendary Ja Rule. Say what you want about Ja Rule. Ja Rule is an icon and his music is aging very well. Definitely. Yes, Very well. And he is too. 'cause Ja Rule still a good man because he Wore a guy and he take care of himself. S that's Amazing. Slouch shall out salute to rule. But you know the I thing about rule and Irv And I always say this like even when everybody thought things were so bad for them, they had did so many great investments and had did right with their money that their lifestyles never changed. Nah. Ever. Even when Ja was in prison, his Family was still good. Absolutely everybody was there. Absolutely. It was good. Yeah, that's good. And Irv, you know, before he passed he recently sold his half his masters or something like that for a hundreds of millions of dollars.


Yeah, It was like 300 million of million. Yeah, they were Always good. His family straight. That's what's up. When we come back, we got the positive notice The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now don't forget this weekend Jess is gonna be out in Orlando. I will be in Orlando And I will also be at Funny Bone Comedy Club. We got shows with the Jerry. No, I'm actually not. Okay. Gonna be up there like this. I'm getting my head done As soon as I touch down in Orlando when Orlando's own is going to slay me. So I'll be in here looking right Monday anyway though, y'all, I got two shows tomorrow night at The Funny Bone. Two shows on Saturday night. Get your tickets@jessariofficial.com or funny bone.com.


Can't wait to see y'all Orlando. Alright, Charlamagne, you got a positive note? I do have a positive note, but I want to tell folks, first of all,


make sure go get your tickets for the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival happening April 26th in Atlanta, Georgia at Pullman Yards. Okay, Sarah Jake Roberts will be on that podcast stage tanking Jay Valentine, doing the RB Money Podcast live and a host of others. So go to black effect.com/podcast festival to get your tickets.


But the positive notice simply this, do things for people not because of who they are or what they do in return, but because of who you are. Have a great day Breakfast Club Bitches. Do y'all finish or y'all done?


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


The number one hip podcast. The girlfriends is back with something new. The Girlfriends spotlight. Where each week you'll hear women share their stories of triumph over adversity. You'll meet Luann who escaped a secretive religious community. Do I want my freedom or do I want my family And now helps other women get out too? I loved my girls. I still love my girls. Come and join our Girl gang. Listen to The Girlfriend Spotlight on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts


From The Producers who brought You Princess of South Beach comes a new podcast. The setup. The Setup follows A lonely museum curator. But when the perfect man walks into his life, Well, I guess I'm saying I like you. You like Me? He actually is too good to be true. This is a con. I'm conning you to get the Del Painting. You can do this together. Listen to the setup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Israel Gutierrez and I'm hosting a new podcast, dub Dynasty, the story of how the Golden State Warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors, once again are NBA champions. Today. The Warriors Dynasty remains a alive in large part because of a scrawny six foot two hooper who everyone seems to love for what Steph Has done for the game. He's certainly on that Mount Rushmore, Come revisit this Magical Warrior's ride. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.