
The new year is here, and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime Video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my years stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now You know you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback, Purdue Global. Purdue Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


This is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning Show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years. From developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with a superior lineup of in-stock SUVs, including the Adventure Ready, RAV4, and capable, affordable Corolla cross, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit via toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know, like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you. From daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between, because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store. Or dsw.com.


Good morning. USA. Yo. Yo, Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo. Jess Ario. Good morning. Charlemagne The Guy Beast to the planet. It's Thursday. Yes, it's Thursday. Good morning. Good morning. How y'all feel, man? Feeling good. I feel blessed Black and Holly Favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. Okay. Here, You know, how many Bundles Is that? You know, first of all, I don't know, I get my wigs made. Talk that talk. Talk, that talk. Yeah. Period. That's You did yesterday. I got your hair done. No, no, no, no, no. That's the wig. I just, you know, this is Shelly. I just put her, that's her name. Took her out the bag and Yeah.


Got her together. Put her right on. Okay. Yo, I listened to Day One's Day 26 album. Yeah, it's all right. Really? It is really, really good. It's a lot of like, potential hits on there. Okay. Well, they're joining us this morning, Al, because yeah, they have like four singles or whatever. But like a lot of other songs have potential to be hit singles on there. Okay. It's crazy. I like It. They don't got no machine behind them though. Who they signed to right now. They're independent. They're Independent. They independent. They are independent. Yeah. So That means radio's not gonna play them unless we do, we can do it this morning. They'll be here this morning. Yeah. Radio didn't play them before though, so They Didn't, not really, I don't remember. Dang. I know they Listen Emini here. I remember the TV show. So Emini here, I, you know, like, yeah, they, people sleep on that.


The band era of Bad Boy From Between, between the Danny Kain and Day 26. Yeah. That MTV making the Band era was a, I know, a real part of Bad Boy's Legacy. And that was, but the sad thing about it, nobody ever talks about that part of the legacy. And I don't ever think people really took them serious outside of tv. Yes. Like their talent. Correct. Well, I know, I think a lot of people talk about that part of the legacy. They just don't connect it with the legacy of Bad Boy. You know what, Emini here. Yes. Like when you talk about Bad Boy and you talk about the biggies and the Basses, you don't think of Faith Heaven one. That's right. You don't think of, you Never talk about It, but that, that era was a Hellified era from Bad Boys. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. Well, day 26 is gonna be joining us this morning. They have a new album, like Jess said, it's called Day Ones.


They're actually gonna be performing in New York tonight. They're celebrating their 17th year anniversary as A, that's why you got Shelly out. That's why you got the wig out. First of all, you gonna the day 26 show Tonight? I got shell out 'cause I got tired of them breeds. Don't play with me. Oh, Whatever. You wanna go see Mikey Q I'm definitely about see Willie, Robert, will and Q, all that. Yeah. What's up? They still good there? Well, we gonna be chopping it up with them a little bit. Then we got front page news. Sad, sad, sad news. It's been all over the news. Oh My God. Lord Have mercy. Plane crash in DC I'm sure Morgan will break it down. I got so many questions, man. I I, I just assume there's so many radars. Yeah. And there's so many ways to detect if there's other flying objects or flying crafts in the sky.


It is. And what, what the hell happening? Know. We'll talk to Morgan when we come back. All right. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. And all these host can fight. Morning everybody. Every time I hear Gorilla say that line, I want to see. I wanna see if all of ho you would can fight for real. I just want to see it morning. The way she saying. She just know. Yeah, they get down. I want to see it. We are The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Let's get in some front page news. All Right. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. Envy. Charlemagne and Jess. Yes. We we're dealing with breaking news out of Washington DC or the, the Washington DC area, or as we call it here. The DMV American Eagle Flight 5 3 4 2 was making its final descent into Reagan, Washington National Airport when it collided with a CIR Kosky H 60, A Black Hawk helicopter around 8:30 PM last night.


64 souls were on board the flight, including a crew of four. And there were three souls aboard the Black Hawk helicopter. Now reports say the plane broke into two pieces and dropped into about seven feet of water into the Potomac River while the helicopter was upside down in the water. Of course, search and rescue efforts con continue throughout the night. Let's take a listen to air traffic control when the incident occurred. 4 2, 3 7. Can you see that? Sorry, I don't know if you caught earlier what happened, but there was a collision on the oppression of three. Three we're gonna be shutting down operations for the indefinite future.


If you wanna go back to the gate. Yeah. We, we witnessed the whole thing Aion from us. Fire command. The accident happened in the river. Both the helicopter and the plane crashed in the river. It's east of the approach, end of runway three three. It was a C RJ and a helicopter that hit Jesus Christ. So that, yeah, that flight was inbound from Wichita, Kansas when the accident occurred. And it says to that us figure skaters, a group of us athletes were, and coaches were aboard that flight. We don't have too much information about the victims or their status or their condition at this moment, but that's pretty much what we have in terms of who was aboard that flight.


And of Course, and you, do you say seven feet of water, Morgan? Yes. Seven feet of water. Wow. And also keep in mind that the conditions were extremely icy. It was dark out there and very cold. So the search and rescue missions were, you know, they were dealing with some pretty choppy conditions. DC Mayor Muriel Bowser led a press conference last night with transportation secretary Sean Duffy, who was only been on the job less than two days. As he's dealing with this situation, officials joined them and first responders from the surrounding area in the DMV and Kansas also joined them where the flight was coming in from. So let's take a listen to some of those comments from DC Mayor Muriel Bowser and transportation secretary Sean Duffy, Our fire department, DC FIRE and EMS supported by fire departments and police departments from across the Washington metropolitan region are executing a rescue operation in the Potomac River.


I spoke with President Trump and his team in the situation room, had a conversation with Secretary Pete Hegseth as well. And then with the Kansas delegation and the mayor and others in leadership, as well as Governor Youngin from Virginia, and Governor Kelly from Kansas, from the Department of Transportation. And FA a's perspective, we are going to offer full support to those in the ground to the mayor, but also to the NTSB. Prayer is up for every single soul that was on that flight. I don't care what their race was, their agenda, their sexuality, political party, you know, 18 bodies were recovered so far.


May God be pleased with all of them. Yes. Yes. Absolutely. So the NTSB, of course stands for the National Transportation Safety Board. Authorities in Kansas say they're devastated by the news. Of course. Remember that is where the flight came from. Senator Jerry Moore joined the presser in DC and spoke about the personal impacts that this will have for people from Kansas. Let's hear more from him. It is certainly true that in, in, in Kansas and in Wichita in particular, we're going to know people who are on this flight know their family members know somebody. So this is a very personal circumstance. And I've talked to NTSB, I've talked to the White House, I've talked to the Department of Defense, and I've talked to the CEO of American Airlines, and there is all of us pulling together for the best outcome possible.


That's so sad. Yeah, I, I doubt they know how this happened yet, right, Morgan? No, they do not. As of right now. There was some air traffic control back and forth a little bit that they were talking about. Basically saying that maybe the Black Hawk helicopter pilots or those who were in the PI helicopter, when they asked, Hey, do you see that plane? There was someone on air traffic control asking, do you see that plane? That they may have saw another plane that was taking off and not the one that was near them or above them. Donald Trump or President Donald Trump was briefed and po on the situation. He has been po fully briefed on the situation. And he posted to truth social saying the airplane was on a perfect and routine line of approach to the airport.


The helicopter was going straight at the airplane for an extended period of time. It was a clear night. The lights on the plane were blazing. Why didn't the helicopter go up or down or turn? Why didn't the control tower tell the helicopter to do what to do instead of asking if they saw the plane? This is a situation that it, this is a bad situation that looks like it should have been prevented. Not good. And not Just say, Do they know if the people in the Black Hawk Parish too or they don't know? We don't know. They don't know. But I will tell you this, you know, we all, we everybody got a resource in dc Everybody knows somebody in, I know somebody. So I do have a, a friend who actually flies Black Hawk helicopters. And I'm just, you know, of course I reached out to be like, Hey, you okay over there?


And basically his explanation was that he, he wish he, he was flying for one because he's saying that this just couldn't, this is weird that it happened. And there are protocols in place. So the only thing that he could imagine is that the helicopter was being stored at Boland Air Force Place, which is very close to Reagan airport. And that's pretty much the perspective that he provided me. So they, they Don't have radars. 'cause that, that's the first thing I would think. Like those military helicopters would have all types of radar and, and all types of devices to make sure that there's nothing in their vicinity. You know what Emini here They do. They do have, they do have radar, but unfortunately the visibility supposedly is not, you know, well, the visibility is what it is.


There are certain areas and certain blind spots, whether you're flying a plane or you're flying a black, black hawk. At least these, this is the information that I've gathered over the last few hours regarding this situation. So flights in the area, flights right. Flights in the area have been diverted to other airports. And Reagan National will remain closed at least until 11:00 AM This morning. Wow. Alright. Well thank you Morgan. Appreciate it. Of course. And again, sending out healing and, and praying for, for, for all the families and everybody involved. Just so disgusted, so horrible to wake up this morning, man. Yeah. Alright, we'll see you next hour. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open again.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Ray. Ray. Ray. Yo. Charla, man. Envy. What up are we live? This Is your time to get it off your chest. I Got an indoor pool. I outdoor Pool. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. We can Get on the phone right now here and tell you what. It's, we live. Hello? Who's this? This Ben Man, how y'all doing? What's up Brother? You going for your chest? What's up brother? Ba Man. Hey, I called a couple weeks first of all. Good morning, y'all. Good Morning. Good morning. Oh, these people out here swerving. I had to, you know. Hey, you were swerving. Yeah. Don't turn that, turn that jello ball on you.


Nah, These, the, the, these people out here swerving, but they drive crazy in the morning. But that jello ball on. Yeah. I called a couple, man. I called a couple weeks ago And I was complaining about my girl and her dog and the dog hair. Right. Oh yeah, I remember. Yeah. Okay. Now fast for a couple weeks later. Her mama heal for a couple weeks. Yep. Oh God. All right. Lemme start off by saying this, me and my mother-in-law, we cool, we icy. That's my girl. I I love her to death. Okay. You know best grandma everything. But There's A butt coming. Yep. Course But yeah, her fixing to fall out. Wow. I she is letting these dogs run all around the island.


Well Them dogs. Them them dogs gonna be the death of you bro. You gonna let them dogs you all the way up. No, I'm gonna be the death of them dog. They ain't gonna kill me. They ain't gonna get up outta here. Damn yo. I come home from work soon as I touch my door. Who meeting? He at the door. The dog. The Dog, the dog. I go in the house. First thing I see is, you know you got the little, the little tray table or whatever, you know, you pull out for the little kids to eat on and stuff. Yep. It's hair all over the little table. I'm looking around now. This my mother law now. I can't say nothing to her. So I'm gonna call y'all. I'm talk to y'all just like I'm say to y'all. But I say, Hey, I'm about you back to Puerto Rico because you, but you let me dog run around my house.


My old lady already told you I don't like this. Like listen, we cool, I love you. But put these got dogs where they supposed to be at in there behind the little doggy gate. And don't let 'em come out until I say so. Let 'em go in the backyard. You going and you ain't never coming back. Are They Chihuahuas? No man, it's a American pit and a Oh no T They Gotta stay bro. You might as well. You might as well just be at one with the dog man. You might as well just, just cuddle the dog. Pet the dog and let the dog be your best friend bro. At this point, yeah, You can always tell your mother-in-law that ice on the way. You'd be like, look man, they not playing. They knocking on Puerto Rico state. They knocking Onin.


I don With it. Like they, they don't know the difference. They said something, they knocking on doors, you know what Im saying? Talking about don't know the difference. Tell the ice people don't know the difference. They, they knocking on doors part of my nest. Tell her just for her own safety, she might need to just go back to Puerto Rico before she get mixed up. I Ain't even finna play with that lady. Talk about ice with her. She don't even like to see pump on tv. Damn. All be well. Good luck brother. Y'all have a good one man. Alright, Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5. One of you need to vent and hit us up Now is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Hello Bernie. This is your Time to get it off your chest. Whether You're mad or blessed, I, I hate the way that you walk, way that you talk.


I hate the way dress. Everything with me is best. Call up next. Eight five eight five one oh five one. Not just me, I'm with the coach of Phil. Hello. Who's this? Hey, this is Cory. Hey Cory. Good morning. Get it off your chest Cory. Alright. So I'm not sure y'all remember me calling. I called about Queen LA people like not too long ago. Yes, We remember. Yes. What happened? Did you find some information? No. You were supposed to find it. I know, I tried, but, well, for people that don't know, Cory's a flight attendant. He called before and he from Baltimore and he from bmore. Him and Jess is cool. Yeah. Thank you. So the situation with the flight attendant situation, that flight that happened, it shook the whole industry. I wanted to call in, just be like my heart go out to the whole family of everybody that was on that flight.


It also go out to the crew that was on that flight because we are going to have to deal with something else tomorrow. Now that this happened is gonna restructure everything. What, What are, what are y'all gonna have to deal with? My brother? What we're gonna have to deal with is like, once something happens, the whole industry changes. And the thing is, they trained us to deal with certain stuff, but they don't train us to deal with that. Yeah, I can imagine. Yeah. Emini here because you know, the last time or last time a a commercial flight crashed in the US was like 2009 out that flight that left from Newark. I believe. So it's just like Emini here. What, what, what are y'all supposed to do in, in a situation like this? Yeah, I was gonna say, what do you change? Because it not your fault everything was right, but, but that helicopter so Emini here, what could y'all possibly change?


And it was a military helicopter. Seemed like they, they were on a exercise or something. So the crazy thing is the one that happened in 2009 where US Airways, when they landed on a Hudson, we trained to deal with that. Right. You know what Emini here, we, we trained to once that plane land, whether it's in water or on land, if you alive when it happens, you gotta kick into get and start saving people. But they didn't have no chance. And that's where everything changed. Yeah. That's not even the one I'm talking about. I'm talking about the one that that left from Newark and it crashed into a, a house in Buffalo. They said a plane stalled and then it, it crashed into a house in Buffalo. Was that a small plane or That was a, that was a, a major plane as well. I thought it was an airline.


A commercial flight. Mm. I don't think that, I don't know if that was a commercial flight for Bro. I gotta look. I don't remember. Yeah, Well we appreciate, we appreciate our own flight attendants man. 'cause it's a tough job when, when, when something happens they have to think, you know, every everybody else first and then themselves last. So, you know, we appreciate you Guys. Yeah, it was, it was Kogan Air, my brother. It was, it was a, it was Kogan Air leaving from Newark to, to Buffalo. Mm. Kogan. I honestly, honestly Killed 49 people. Yeah. I never heard of Colgan. Yeah. Killed 49 people. Yeah. I a man on the ground. But thank you for calling in brother. Oh yeah. I about to say. Yeah, no, shout out to all the flight attendants, to all the pilots, even the passengers. When y'all get on that flight, y'all listening to that safety demo.


'cause we not there to play. No Emini here to play no games. Alright. Absolutely. Thank you brother. I'm, you know what's crazy though when you think about it, what, what could a safety demo do for you in that situation? Nothing. A black called helicopter cuts the plane in half. Nothing. Like what, what do you, what is a safety demo supposed to do? I done seen a million safety demos. I ain't never seen that. Nah, they Never did. They, they can't explain, you know, teach that one. But it, it's just very sad man. Yeah, because They teach, they teach you how to, how I guess to maneuver in case of a crash. Crash or not a Water landing. Emergency landing. Yeah. Like but not a midair crash. No. You don't think that you gonna run into another, you know, aerial vehicle when you on a plane. Yeah. Well get it off your chest.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent you can hit us up Now. We got just with the mess coming up. What we talking about Jess, Wendy Williams got rid of that attorney. Mm. So it should be something going on there. Okay. Alright. We'll break that down when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to Jess with the mess. Your music is real. Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't do no Don't Spare nobody Worldwide. Jess Worldwide Method on The Breakfast Club. She's the coaches shooter.


She was Able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it off. Okay. So Lauren, we got Lauren La Rose to break down what that means. That Wendy fired this attorney. 'cause this should be a step toward her freedom, right? A Hundred percent. So there's an attorney, her name is Linda Ky. She's actually Wendy's attorney appointed through the Guardian or the conservatorship. So appointed from the court. So what that, that's Already a no go. Like, Well, Emini here when you're, She's appointed through the guardianship. If Conservatorships work well though they can be good. She's just not in a good situation. But if they work well, they're supposed to like make sure that like, you know, if you're in a place where you do need help with certain things, not even just decision making, but just like financial support, legal support, whatever.


You have people, you know what Emini here. But if the guardianship is not like, you know what I'm saying? Saying if they're not even doing what Wendy wants Them to do. Yeah, yeah. Right. Now why would they be the ones appointing the attorney? Why, how could she even trust that It's appointed by the court? So in the beginning she didn't know, you know what, Emini here got it. Like they all were appointed by the court and the conservator was appointed by, I think it was like Wells Fargo. But so Lindy's, Lindy Linda's role was to basically advocate for Wendy, whatever her best interests were. Right? So I was told that Wendy Williams terminated her attorney because Wendy was demanding that the attorney Linda request a trial by jury as she's having this conservative district conversation trying to be released from the guardianship and the attorney declined to request that. So for those of you, for those of you guys who are like, well why, like, why is that a big deal when you're going into court for anything conservative shit, whatever the case may be.


If you have a jury, you have more people that are able to hear you, see you feel you, and help you make the decision versus just a judge. Right? Right. So if Wendy is feeling like that's what she wants and that's what she asked for, I don't see why it would be an issue. Now I did reach out to Linda Ky I haven't heard back. I don't know what, you know, her thinking is as an attorney and why she would say no. But she said no and she got the ask. Okay. Yeah. So, and then also this shows that Wendy is making decisions for herself. Yeah, A hundred percent. Yeah. She's, Wendy is making big, big, big girl decisions as she should. And she's, she's doing what makes the most sense for her. Right. But I think that this is, this is a good sign though because it means that people are not like fighting against, 'cause sometimes you have attorneys that'll be like, nah, I'm not getting off this case.


I need to be here. And that's a whole nother issue. But yeah. But, And she's still fighting just to be able to go see her father next month for his 94th birthday. They still haven't settled that part. Right. Yeah, they haven't given her the word on that yet. And that's a, that's an easy yes or no. And What about her cats? The cats are gone. Right? She said, well, Wendy said the cats are gone. I don't have an update on the cats. So We don't have an update On No, I can get you an update on the cats though. So Is the attorney fighting to stay on the case or the fact that she fired the attorney's? Like from what I throwing my hands up, I'm out. From what I'm told Lindy, Linda Ky has been fired. I, I have not heard back from her to hear her side of it though. Gotcha. But my source told me that Wendy fired her. So that sounds like it is done. It's in it's null and void. I wonder, Will she accept the firing?


Can you Emini here? I don't know how that works. That's what I'm asking. That's what I was saying. I don fight. I don't know the process because A of it, yeah, I don't know the process of it, but because the court appointed it, if she felt like this decision was being made and Wendy wasn't competent enough to make the decision, I'm sure she could push back. But I, I don't know because I haven't spoken to her her yet. And because like in the conservatorship, a lot of this stuff is protected. So it's like, even if things, things come out in filings, it's gonna be pretty hard to see. Wendy's stuff is sealed. So Yeah, Go ahead. Yesterday Asad went to court and everybody's, you know, happy to see Rihanna. But I'm tripping off of how really said he wasn't a snitch. I don't know what he did then if he didn't snitch. Yeah. So people were tripping off of seeing Rihanna, but you couldn't even see Rihanna. So when she, she did come to court yesterday as news broke.


Prior to that she was gonna be there, but when she got in court, she was seated right behind her man. So she was seated right in the front row next to his mom and his sister. Right behind the defense. But there were videographers and there were photographers in the court who were instructed not to shoot the audience, which they were instructed to do that even before Rihanna came in there. So you didn't, you didn't see her, but she was there. And yesterday in court they talked Terelli just about, you know, the impact of this case on his life. And he does talk about the whole snitching thing. Let's take a listen to him in court. You Talked about in general the consequences that you feared that would come to your career in the music business. You remember that? Yes. Have you since this incident suffered any actual consequences to your career?


Oh, of course. Emini here. It's been on living hell. Death threats. People living snitch for saying something that happened. My social media, everything that I'm doing as far as social media, I don't have a presence there no more.


The new year is here and you wanna stay locked in on whatever you're into. Amazon Prime is a cheat code. See, a lot of people think Amazon Prime is just about getting those packages delivered faster than you can say. I forgot to order that. But really prime is not just one thing. It's all things. A place to stream movies and shows with prime video, Amazon music, and that free one day, same day delivery is everything you need to make the season stress free. Picture this, you're watching Thursday night football and Prime video and the friends are coming through. You need the last minute snacks and drinks. Prime's. Got you. You wanna kick back and chill after the game. Prime Video's got the movies and shows to keep your night rolling. And if you wanna wind down, Amazon music's got the playlist to keep the vibe just right. So whether you're hosting, chilling, or just trying to make it through the hustle of the week, I know I'm doing all things above. Just know prime's got your back. It helps you explore, discover, and get more of what you love all in one place. So visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Hi, this is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years. From developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. And with Toyota's superior lineup of SUVs in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out an adventure Ready RAV4 designed to be the perfect mix of style, practicality and go anywhere attitude or a test drive a capable and affordable Corolla cross with the style space and available tech to keep you cool and connected. And both RAV4 and Corolla Cross are available with all wheel drive giving you the freedom to roam quality, reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Residents at BrightView, senior living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView, great Falls offer vibrant senior, independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


Did you know that there's a victim of identity theft every three seconds? It's identity theft awareness week, which means it's the perfect time to protect your identity with LifeLock. Lots of places like doctor's offices and retailers can accidentally expose your personal info, leaving you open to identity threats. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second and alerts you to more uses of your personal information. And if you do become a victim of identity theft, LifeLock has professional restoration specialists with the experience and know-how to fix identity theft issues guaranteed. Or your money back. Plus plans include the million dollar protection package with up to $3 million in coverage for the most comprehensive plan. Protect yourself this identity theft awareness week and every week of the year with LifeLock. Save up to 40% off your first year at lifelock.com/iheart. That's lifelock.com/iheart to save up to 40% terms. Apply LifeLock for the threats you can't control.


You said You were working in the music industry, managing and then like my artist is, my artist turned on me, my producer, they all turned on me because of this decision I made. They felt like, okay, this is gonna be like, I can't back them up no more. I can't support them with what I'm doing. Going to the police. They didn't want up doing no more. Yeah. So He said he wanna stop seen. How go you be snitching? I don't think he snitching. That's how it is. I don't think he's snitching. Why? 'cause he's a He. He got shot and he's telling people who allegedly shot him. Is he a screed? Dude, I don't know him. I don I don know. Is he a screed dude, that's the thing. I don nothing on That either. I don, but that's just what it is. Emini. Here we gonna call a spade a spade Emini here. Yeah, he Snitching you.


Somebody robbed Doing it though. Oh, I'm absolutely snitching. Even if nobody Me do. That's what I'm saying. I'm call that snitch. Don't see somebody getting robbed. But like you said, I don I don't know if he's a street dude, I don't know their relationship. But we civilians, I'm a law abiding taxpayer citizen. We civilian. Okay. Somebody, if somebody allegedly shoots me or shoots at me, I'm absolutely telling, giving a full description. I don gotta Say let's, if someone shoots you with 9 1 1, what's your emergency? Him. That's True. Well rally her. They actually had this conversation outside the court and one the, a paparazzi that was outside the court. Let's take a listen to that. Hey rally some, some people call you a snitch. What'd you say about that? Snitch. You comment on that. Would you be a snitch of somebody shout at you? Nah, I don't ever snitch. Oh, shut up.


Yes you would. I bitch, shut up. I got a bullet in my leg right now. Emini here. Where you at now though? And I ain't snitch. I ain't snitch though. Where you at? It sound like I need to come get him. I bet she start telling, she start telling on everybody when ice come. Exactly. Mad Enough. You gonna start telling on somebody else. Now did They? But the fact that he asked the the guy, alright, would you snitch if something happened? You he, he's saying Yeah. Yeah, I snitch. So what Emini here. My friend could have killed me basically. So yeah, I I said something. I'm just saying stand on it. Don't say I ain't snitch. I nah, you did Emini here it is what it is. I'm telling I'm a I am a as you should, I am a see something. Say something ass nigga. You hear me?


So am I. But but does he have he has two warrants in Jersey. I read that yesterday, right? They did. You have two outstanding warrants? Yeah, it's like a traffic warrant. Oh, traffic. Is he street? Yeah, sir. Lauren. Like, is he envy? Snitching? I don Dunno nothing about Jeff Envy just snitched. Oh God. Whatever. No, that's a report that I read on the news. What? Talking about That's snitching. Yeah. I, I don't know, I don't know enough about him to know if he's a street guy or not. Honestly, I prefer not to know too much about that. So I Think, I think, I think what he said made perfect sense to me. If somebody shot at you allegedly, or, or shot you, wouldn't you tell? That's just common sense to me. But hey, I'm not in the streets. So Yeah, it, It depends. Like if we fighting and, and we both street dudes, then you can't. But if, if you are a civilian, absolutely all day.


See something, say something. Oh yeah. It's The in jersey just to mention you finger talking about it's, it's oranges for driving without a license and careless driving. Oh, that's not, yeah, it's not. But I think it's just coming up because now he's on the scene and stuff like that. That's until my point member, I was like, people gonna wanna know what Rihanna was wearing. They were tweeting the court reporters like, what is she wearing? What is she wearing? 'cause you couldn't see her. She didn't walk the court though. They didn't catch her walking in the court. She wore orange. An orange jumpsuit. No, she had on even in video of, of, well you have video of ASAP arriving. You don't, I don't know. You don't see her? I didn't see her. You know Why she Had a black shirt and glasses? Because it's not important that she's there. Her husband could be going jail Rihanna for a long time. And her outfit matter. Listen hush. This is not a no Lauren.


No, no. Just listen. Just please hush. This is not a Taylor Swift football game situation. I'm with you. I'm y'all remember Cardi Was pulling up to the court and they was Talking about the outfits? No, I don't remember because she was, she was On child outfits. Outfits always matter. But she Was on child Outfits always matter, y'all. Jesus. I can't wait till you catch a body. I ain't catch. See, let's see. Are you gonna be worrying about if you get it? Well, no, Lauren, significant other coming. She not gonna be worrying about you. Better hope you don't catch nothing because I'm telling everything. You ain't gonna tell before I Do. And I'm coming looking fly. You ain't gonna tell before I do.


Okay. God, nobody care about being there. Yo. This man Ready? Go to jail. Yeah, people, I don't think he's gonna jail either, y'all. I hope not. I hope he's not. Maybe He is. I don't Know. But I hope he's not. 24 years is a long time. I kind of feel like I wish she would've took that deal, but hey, maybe they know something we don't. Yep. And that's just, they know What she was wearing in court. That's Oh, thank you Lord. Thank you. Jesus Christ. All right, when we come back, we got front page news and then day 26 will be joining us. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It D EJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. What's up Morgan? Where are we going now? We are talking about this federal aid freeze that is still in full effect despite there being a resend of the memo.


Anyway, like anyways, good morning y'all. So the White House says, president Trump's executive order freezing federal aid funding remains in full effect. This comes after earlier yesterday, the White House rescinded, the memo issued about the freeze in a post on X White House press. Secretary Caroline Levitt said it's simply a retention of the OMB memo to end any confusion created by the court's injunction. The order was temporarily paused by a federal judge on Tuesday. In a memo, the Office of Management and Budget said the order that that paused all activities connected to the disbursement of federal financial assistance has been rescinded. Trump spoke about that order at the White House on Wednesday.


Let's hear those comments from him. There was a short term pause or funding freeze on certain discretionary spending payments such as government grants only for us to quickly look at the scams, dishonesty, waste, and abuse that's taken place in our government for too long. Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid have not been affected by any action we're taking in any way, shape or form. We are merely looking at parts of the big bureaucracy where there has been tremendous waste and fraud and abuse. So New York Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, she responded to the freeze against with President Trump's federal funding freeze on federal grants and loans.


Now the senator says that several stakeholders are at risk of disrupted services if funding is lost, which includes money for education along with local police and fire departments. Let's hear from New York. Senator Ki Kirsten Gillibrand, They literally do not have the authority to do this. This is against the Constitution. It is unconstitutional and it is illegal. It is a massive power grab. And we're gonna fight back on behalf of our constituents who are the ones who are going to suffer literally a takeover of an entire arm of the federal government. It is not Trump's responsibility to allocate and decide where money is spent. That is Congress's sole purview. They do not have the power of the purse Congress does.


I just want y'all to know that Trump's whole presidency is going to be a constitutional crisis. And you know, this freeze happened without vetting by key officials in the White House. He's never gonna go through the proper checks and balances. No, ever. And it's gonna come a point where the Constitution And I, I said this yesterday when Ashley was here, the constitution is gonna be as much as this paper that I'm holding in my hand. Alright, Well moving on. President Trump's pick to lead the Department of Health and Human Services. He was on Capitol Hill this week for confirmation hearings. Robert f Kevin Kennedy, Jr. He's pushing back against claims that he wants to ban certain foods as well as vaccines. He says he is an anti-vaccine. He's ProSAFE Kennedy was interrupted at least twice by protestors as he spoke and received criticism from Democrats and others on his views on vaccines.


He spoke about President Trump's love for McDonald's. Let's hear more from RFK Jr. And his confirmation hearing. I support the measles vaccine. I support the polio vaccine. If you like a cheeseburger, a McDonald's cheeseburger or a Diet Coke, which my boss loves. And I, you should be able to get them. If you want to eat, host this winky, you should be able to do that. But you should know what the impacts are. So I Agree with that. It is just like, you know, if, if you smoke cigarettes, they have the warnings on the cigarette box, right? So it should be the same thing like, you know, whatever you put into your body, you should know the risk. So at least you know the choice that you're making.


So RFK JR went on to say that United States has the worse healthcare than any other developed nation, yet we spend more on healthcare. That's a fact. And he will also take part in a hearing with the Senate Health Education, labor and Pensions committee today. So, yeah, well, you know, that's what's happening and that's what's going on. And switching gears of the Federal Reserve is leaving interest rates unchanged for now. It comes after fed cut rates three times last year. It also marks the first time policy decision. The first policy decision during the President Trump's second term Federal Reserve chair, Jerome Powell. He spoke about the announcement and here's what he had to say. Right now we, we don't see that.


And we see things as in a really good place for policy and for the economy. And so we feel like we don't need to be in a hurry to, to make any adjustments. The public should be confident that we will continue to do our work as we always have, focusing on using our tools to achieve our goals and really keeping our heads down and doing our work. Well, president Trump has said he recently, he would like to see the Central Bank lower rates and bringing things home to New York. The Department of Justice is reportedly considering dropping the corruption case against New York City Mayor Eric Adams. The, there are multiple reports that DOJ discussions have been taking place on the future of a found five count federal indictment faced by Adams.


It accuses him of briberies taking or accepting bribes from Turkey in the form of luxury travel. Adams has pled not guilty with a trial set for April 21st. President Trump has said the mayor is being treated unfairly and he, he has considered him for a pardon. The mayor has spent time with Trump in recent weeks, both at Mar-a-Lago and at his inauguration New York City Mayor Eric Adams and New York Senator Chuck Schumer. They're also reacting to the plane crash that happened in DC in a post on X Mayor Adams says he has been briefed about the matter and offered his condolences for all those aboard. American Airlines flight 5 3 4 2, Senator Minority leader Chuck Schumer echoed his sentiment saying his heart goes out to everyone who was impacted by the horrific in incident.


And he says he's praying for everyone aboard on board their families and for the brave first responders as they continue to monitor the situation. Of course, I will continue to monitor that situation as it is close to home for me. And I will bring all of that news back to you guys. But You know, you know, mayor Adams has been on partial leave and that's been fuel. Yeah. That's been fueling all type of rumors. I that I I I was even told that he's considering resignation. I don't, I don't know if I necessarily believe that, but that's what, that's what they're, that's what they're throwing out there. Just because he's been on partial leave. You know, when you go on partial leave, everybody starts, you know, wondering why you're not there. Yeah. They Said he was possibly sick, but you know, the way they throwing out these pardons, it is crazy to me. It is just like you get a pardon and you get a pardon and you get a pardon. It's just like nobody takes nothing serious anymore.


Do you think it's possible that Mayor Adams could be setting up for maybe working with the Trump administration? Emini here. He's already gonna be working with the Trump administration. He's the mayor of the biggest city in America. Emini here. More along the cabinet side Side on this cabinet? Yeah, I think so. Yeah, I think so. Oh, maybe Emini here. That could make sense. Emini here maybe. Yeah. When you, when you hear about, you know, these things like, oh, he's resigned. And you'd be like, well why would he resign? Maybe, maybe if he's going to work in the Trump administration that that's, that would make sense. That's another little conspiracy theory you just threw out there, Morgan. That's right. I like that one. I'm saying Gotta stay close to the man. That might pardon you. Yep. Yeah. So that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, follow me on social at Morgan Media. And for more news coverage, follow us at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@binews.com.


Alright, thank you Morgan. Now when we come back, Jess was talking about day 20 six's new album, day one. She says she likes the album. I do. I like it. I like a few songs off there. Okay. And we gonna talk to the next. You always love day 26, right? Yeah, I have, I always liked Them. Name. What? What's your favorite record? What you mean like of all time or just from this album? This in general. I was think the first album was a classic. Oh, Word. Yeah. Okay. So what's the name of it? Day 26 When we come back. No, go anywhere is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy.


Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got some special guests in the Building. Yes, indeed. They got a new album out right now called Day Ones. Ladies and Gentlemen, day 26. Yo. Yo. What's up? What's up? What's up? Good to be here man. Blessed. Good. Good, good, good. How y'all brothers doing? Man? Y'all ain't come up here just to talk about Diddy, did you? Nah, we don't wanna talk about, I'm just saying that's, that's what a lot of former bad Boy artists are doing now. Okay. New album. Day 1 26. There you go. What's kept y'all together all of these years? Just as, as a collective? I would say like the grind that you saw making the band of us even being created as a group. Like that was serious. Like we really walked to get cheesecake. We really stood outside in the cold and put our all into this.


So we take that serious everywhere we go, you know, like, And none of y'all never thought about like just walking home like, you know, okay. But I can say y'all really, really wanted it. But like, nobody ever said like, tell the truth. None of y'all what Through is group members fell off and came back and things of that nature. So we had, you know, we had the, the, the heels and the valleys of didn't fall of groups. But at the same time, I think the passion behind us and action, the, the thing that we really trying to accomplish out here is it is it's what keeps us going. You know what Emini here, we really like to be in front of the fans. We like to, you know, just create the new music and, and be in front of 'em all the time. So I don't remember him making y'all walk with Cheese's. Cake. Yeah, I remember the band. I don we, we walked All The World, we did Washington. The band. They only had to go to, they only had to go to Brooklyn.


Brooklyn. Brooklyn. We had to walk off all the go to all The World across George Washington Bridge. And I swear I don't remember that ever. Damn. Yeah. Yeah. It was Crazy. It was bull. Yeah. Never should have happened. Yeah. Yeah. Do you think that that show really was trying to set y'all up for success? Or was it it just for tv? I think it was more, honestly that show was kind of, in my opinion, it's my opinion. Tv It was tv. Tv it was tv. You know what I'm saying? Not for us though. It, it definitely wasn't set up for the artist to, to succeed after. Definitely wasn't, yeah. Didn Grace was doing. He know what he, he was doing. He put Us. It was only by the grace of God that like we were able to still maintain and still be here to, and still do music and not just do music, but do like, still do amazing music.


Y'all heard yo? No, not yet. No you didn't. Oh yes. Come on. Y'all like RB though, right? Yes. Was here Real RB I'm telling you. Yes, I am here. I'm going to listen. You have to today. Thank you. Yes. And I, I've heard from, And I heroin in the bathroom just now. When I walked in the bathroom, somebody was playing it in the stall. I'm dead. Wasn't me, he was my cousin. New album. They in the stall, he was talking, he was like, I need some music while I'm in here. So, but you said, you said that you feel like TV was made for you guys not to succeed. Why? Why do you feel that way? Emini here?


Just the, just the way the whole thing was like set up. Like even from the contract, you know what I'm saying? The way it was structured when the cameras were gone, it was like, huh, alright guys. It was nice knowing you, you know what I'm saying? Like, yeah, We had to wrap, we had to really go in and fight for our next deal. Like we wasn't already signed, you know what I'm saying? We literally had to have people like Peacock and that really cared about us and what's, what's his name that we did? Troy Taylor. Troy Taylor. It took people like that to go to the label. Like, what are y'all doing bro? Y'all got the hottest RB group in The World here and y'all won't do nothing with 'em. You know? And so that's what it took for us to even get in the door to do another project. They wasn't worried about us like that. They, it was for what? It was for for tv. They looked at it for tv. Yeah. Thought about it for it like that. But then you got people who've been grinding their whole life at certain things. Yeah. So it wasn't just a start at a TV show.


Exactly. It was things that, you know, I was 10 years in writing and stuff like that. I was signed to Clef at the time when I Made the Man And I was at Music World, you know, with Beyonce's father for, for years. So we was already in the game. It was created to make it look like he gave us the, like, put us learn, we learned everything we knew from this situation, everything. But, but it wasn't true. We was vets in the game. We had to get bought out of our contract. Some of us took to be in this Situation. So why would y'all do some of the thing? Because if y'all were already in the industry, right? I, I understand For people that was, this was their first time signing. And, and why would y'all do some of the things that they made y'all do if y'all were there? Like, you were signed, you were signed before y'all were already, your foot was in the door. Why would y'all do some of the stuff that I feel was like, I don't wanna say degrading, but a little degrading, like walk five boroughs across the George Washington Bridge, go get cheesecake.


Like, and y'all know, it wasn't part of the industry that was just part of The show. I think at that point it's just, you know, you got your foot in, but you ain't all the way where you want to go. And you see somebody who's a musical mogul and who can possibly take this thing and take it somewhere else. So you'd be like, all right, cool, I'll go and take that chance. I think there was more of a chance and we just took it, you know what Emini here. And then for some of us, like me, I always wanted to be shining the bad boy. So that was a, that was a big thing for me. Like no matter the deals that I had before that or the deal I was currently in, that's a position that I always wanted to be in. I didn't know what it was before I got into it, but that's where I, it was when I moved to the United States, bad boy was the first RB hip hop that I even knew or heard of. So it had that kind of influence.


And when you got that kind of influence on somebody, especially at a young age, you know what I'm saying? Like, so it's like going after something that you've been going after all your life and then being right there, you might do some things that you wouldn't normally do. I wonder, did people take y'all serious because y'all had talent that was obviously, and there was also the antics of the TV show And I always think about that one scene where y'all was singing y'all ass off and Diddy was like, yeah, but y'all gotta get naked. So like that tone that when it, when it wasn't perfect but it was naked. You know, I'm not saying to do all your joints like that, but when it's, when it's real, it don't really matter. I'd rather get the emotion. So y'all gotta get naked, you know what I'm saying? What? Yeah, super Bowl.


It's a, it's a million things that Did he say at that time that now after this is horrible. We didn't age well. I went back, we went back to watch the clip and you forget how hard y'all was singing. What And how good sound. How good sound. You just remember the naked part. But I'm like, yo, they actually sounded really, really good. Like what? And ain't nobody singing like, like that now. Like that's what also makes it so viral too. Like thank you. Y'all wasn't in no studio. It wasn't no nothing, no touches on y'all voice. No, no nothing. Y'all were really singing like boys, them men, Virginia told y'all to get naked. Naked. Naked was so funny. When he said was so funny when he said it.


I got that clip the other day, I didn't get it. But Emini here, I I'm thinking he was meaning like, you know what I'm saying? You got to be vulnerable while I'm saying it at that time. But it ain't wrong. I interpreted It's just not aging Well, let's Just put it that's true. Aging. Especially with the new allegations or whatever things are, but did that make people take y'all less serious though? Definitely. We, we had a hard time breaking into radio because people really thought it was just a gimmick for TV and we had number one album in the country and couldn't get radio play because it couldn't get radio play because people was literally like, oh we ain't think y'all need that, like y'all from, you know what I'm saying? On tv. Tv. And it was crazy because the people, people really didn't give, give us the chance as far as musically because of it.


They was like, yo, y'all coming to places and, and people coming to see y'all and y'all selling things out. But y'all didn't have a, y'all don't have a record that was pushing. It was, it was more from the TV success. Yeah, the DJs and nobody would really give us that full play. Like yo nah, it's real dope stuff. You know what Emini here. But we just wasn't getting it just because of the TV show and what they thought we already had. You know what, Emini here, all Right, we got more with day 26 when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy we are, The Breakfast Club is still kicking it with day 26. Now what happened to your bad boy deal? 'cause you were still, like you said, still having number one records and everything. So why did it just so Diddy went through some stuff, I guess with, with Atlantic. With Atlantic because Atlantic and we were joint venture between Atlantic and Bad Boy and whatever they went through at the time Atlantic took us from Bad Boy.


Okay, so Atlantic kept y'all in. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. We weren't able to move forward whatever that situation was with Bad Boy. 'cause we was, we had to stay with Atlantic. And when y'all Atlantic, did they believe like they should have? We Were working, they believed and we worked And then Brian decided to you know, do some things that made us lose the situation because Brian, I like, they like To look. I'm gonna tell y'all something. We Like to tell the truth. Nah, y'all like to fabricate A whole lot now I'm gonna be real with y'all, man. Like look, Brian is the bad guy and I'm cool with that. You know what I'm saying? If stuff ain't right to me, man, I'm gonna point it out And I'm gonna point it out and I'm gonna point it out and if, if nothing is being done about it, then I'm just gonna remove myself from that situation. So what happened, Brian And I had to step away 'cause it just wasn't me.


What wasn't right, wasn't right. Just, you know, just some, some business. It wasn't Happen me. Well you should have warned the crew bro. So you just No, that's not, that's not necessarily true. I, I did not leave. We was on a radio promo. Hold on. No, no, no, no. See y'all said, y'all said how's your time? Now your time. Want me to talk clear record? Okay. Allow me to talk. Nah, basically man. Like I wasn't exactly pleased with the management at the time And I just sent a letter of direction to the company Atlantic And I basically like let them know, hey, I had new management. So if there's any business as far as day 26 is concerned, please direct any business as far as Brian is concerned to this person, which is Michael Moose.


And I don't know what happened after that. From My understanding, I seen you as a new artist, solo artist on a one records. That's what I saw. That's true. You no, no, no, no. I got a solo. No, no, no, no. I got a solo deal with, with at the time E one but I wasn't, I wasn't, I was still gonna be a member of the group. I just got a deal as, as a solo artist. There's nothing wrong with that. But Brian did you tell the rest of the group? No. Did you tell the label that? No you just not show up? We knew I was working. We didn't know that. No, we found that out when the tour was over. Jesus. I see the thing is, see Q had already left the group. So we had went down to four by the time we was with Atlantic. So it was already four of us. I just wanted, he already had did something different so they wasn't finna go through it again with him doing it.


He was pulling the same exact thing. He pulled like the same letter, everything. He wrote it in county. But Q told YQ tell y'all ain't, he was very transparent. He started tripping. Yeah. Out the gate. Different, different vehicles and everything. Yes. It was just because I wasn't messing with management. Exactly. See the same Thing. Same thing I got, I got my own management against the group. Yeah. This is why Didi should have never told y y'all I was better than Jody y Y'all got a promo tour, y'all do a radio Tour. He just don't show up. We, we dropped, we had dropped the record made Love Lately, which is our first single without Q. We was in the video all, you know, getting busy and everything. We was getting ready to go on our radio promo radio, radio promo tour. We was number one most added time Before you Hold on.


Before You continue lemme finish. Okay go ahead. And then like, I think we supposed to, we supposed to leave on like that Monday to start in Detroit? No, in Ohio. Columbus. Ohio. Boom. He got it. Damn. They Remember. Yeah Because it was real. I had my backpack. That's how I'm like my backpack and they like, yeah y'all, y'all you sitting down? Yeah Lanny just dropped y'all just Like that. I'm gonna tell you why Atlantic ended up signing TGT and it was a situation where they're pretty much the same type of group. Not really. No, not at all man. It was all you guys catalog. It was all you Brian. It was nothing about t Tyrese Jr Hank, there's a lot of false equivalencies happening in this room today.


Hey man, at this is a minute. At the time we, you was going through some things and you, you did Some things. No I wanted different management but that's what happens when it's a group like you feel me? 'cause you can't make decisions 'cause you making decisions for yourself. But the whole time it's four other people with a, you know, paying for and to take an account And when you bring somebody like a TGT in, they gonna say, all right we giving all, especially back then we gonna give all our resources. That exactly happened this these more established artists right, who have made it Individually. That's right. They come together for that's exactly what happened. But obviously they wanna put it off on me. So you know what guys, I'll take that you know Bow. So who called Brian after? 'cause I know one of y'all called him like my talked To a long talk to him. Long, long time. So how did y'all I was, that was our at the time that was everything.


Our bag. He back end after we thought the label wasn't paying attention. We done went into Atlanta and recorded this bomb album. Lemme tell you this, we just ready to kick the door in in a way that wasn't for making the band, you know, for people can take us serious fight Ryan. And we were finally in that position fight Brian. Don't let them. Do you like this, this? No, don't let them do like this. I don Emini here. Fight for your fight for your credibility. Right? I'll tell you this, why would I shoot a music video? Why would I go to 1 0 6 and park and premiere the, the, the, the video with guys and everything and not plan on being a member of, because You didn't know what your actions was going to lead to bro. You just did something. So Basically I'm supposed to just sit around.


Next question. Intentional. You didn't mean to do it gonna happen. I just wanted my business handled. There we go. The Squad Bro. Are you the youngest? You the baby, the eldest. Are you the what? The why did you leave? What was what? Why did I leave? Why did you leave initially? Well if you watch making the band for like the last season you saw that I was like tripping about management. I remember that the business. So that's why when we went to Atlantic I was like oh he's still involved. No. Who? The manager at the time. Okay, who was the manager? Y'all don't remember? Yeah. Now you wanna be the oldest.


I wanted to ask Robert, 'cause you said something earlier. You said that Didi didn't really know what he was doing, which is shocking 'cause you know, of all the success he's had with r and b groups, like before y'all it was the Jody C it was the one 12. What? What you mean when he said you didn't know what he was doing? Well I just think it was more, I think it was more divine. I think God had more to do with it. I believe he knows good talent. He know how to put it together. I just don't think he thought he was putting together this, that five Well Emini here that all these years later, whether he's involved or not, no matter how much we've been kicked down or that we was still gonna overcome, you know, from these five different places in the, in The World that already put a big wedge be between us to be able to be successful, be able to get rehearsals in and stuff like that. So I just don't think he really knew. I don't think he was really in control. That's just my spiritual opinion.


Right. You know, I think that, you know what? I hate you guys. I hate a passionate person that doesn't have a good work ethic. And I think we're all passionate and have great work ethic And I think that keep us together too. Yeah. Common Do you think Didi don't have a good work ethic? Is that what you're saying? Or no? I say I think he meant as far as other groups and people that can't keep it together, anything like that. Artists got you. Sometimes they have the passion but they don't know how to put the work in behind it. They don't wanna get up early in the morning or I don't know. They just don't wanna put the work in behind it. When, when Brian left the group, well you didn't even have the option but did you think about replacing them? No. You our fans wouldn't have that. Yeah, that's what we felt. We just felt like with them watching us grow on TV and come together, it just been hard to be like, yeah here this new guy.


Yeah, he ain't getting no cheesecake. I feel like that's what they gonna,


The new year is here and you wanna stay locked in on whatever you're into. Amazon Prime is a cheat code. See a lot of people think Amazon Prime is just about getting those packages delivered faster than you can say. I forgot to order that. But really prime is not just one thing. It's all things. A place to stream movies and shows with Prime video, Amazon music and that free one day, same day delivery is everything you need to make the season stress free. Picture this you watching Thursday night football and Prime video and the friends are coming through. You need the last minute snacks and drinks. Prime's got you. You wanna kick back and chill after the game. Prime Videos got the movies and shows to keep your night rolling. And if you wanna wind down, Amazon Music has got the playlist to keep the vibe just right. So whether you're hosting, chilling, or just trying to make it through the hustle of the week, I know I'm doing all things above. Just know prime's got your back. It helps you explore, discover, and get more of what you love all in one place. So visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime Now.


Hi this is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years. From developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. And with Toyota's superior lineup of SUVs in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out an adventure Ready RAV4 designed to be the perfect mix of style, practicality and go anywhere attitude or a test drive a capable and affordable Corolla cross with the style space and available tech to keep you cool and connected. And both RAV4 and Corolla Cross are available with all wheel drive giving you the freedom to roam quality, reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Residents at BrightView, senior living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities. Independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


I'm Grant. And I'm your new Bachelor. A B, C Mondays. Is this real? Is he real? The Bachelor is back and the ladies are head over heels tall, handsome, smart. He's perfect. It's an all new season of romance. I'm 110% ready to fall in love. My love story is gonna happen. And of course drama. These other girls are dating my boyfriend. You act like you don't care. He knows how I feel. I did not know how hard this would be. The Bachelor Monday's eight, seven Central on A, B, C and stream on Hulu.


How the other groups try that and it failed but no Addition to great with it when they put Johnny in. Yeah But that's Johnny Gi. GI Andy somebody. They didn't lose nobody to to add him. They just added an addition to, they didn't like get rid of one of people. Bobby. Bobby. We watched a lot of other dude de Yeah. Yeah that worked times. But the differences goes back to the point like all of y'all are vocalists. You can do that in Destiny's Child. 'cause no disrespect though. You know they, they weren't, Latoya could sing but Latoya I could sing. Yeah but they weren't, they weren't considered the lead singers of the, you know what Emini here.


Right, right, right. Yeah. Let's get into a record. Which y'all wanna hear over you. Over you. You single over you? Yeah. Off our new album. Let's get it on right now. Mr. The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Day 26. They are in the building now. Charlemagne, I do Want to talk to y'all about when I, I know when the Bad Boy reunion tour happened, y'all weren't there. But then y'all did y'all, y'all own thing. Did they even invite y'all? Yeah we did. Yep. Yes we did. They didn't invite you Brian Brian before we got invited. Everybody did. Everybody hates Brian. Brian Went on the radio and said something to to Puff. And then What you said to Puff Man. I just basically was like, yo, like I just find it kind weird That you got all this baby oil.


I don know anything about that but I Just say back to back. Pause, pause. Like I absolutely know nothing about that. I just felt like it was weird that like yo, you, you got a whole bad boy tour come like going on. Like it wasn't like in the beginning stages or talks or anything like that. Nobody reached out to us before to anything. Oh they reached out. I felt like we played a huge part but they reached out, reached communication, communication rules the nation. Okay, hold on. Let him get at he didn't know Transparency brother that Puff, He had us on like certain dates like a week later Brian did an interview saying you know, we need to be on there And I don't why, why we're not on there.


And then he Was like off. Yeah. He was like who the fuck I'm gonna tell r Pierre called me personally. He was like, Hey man, tell your boy Brian to shut the up. You know what I'm saying? I'm like, I'm like well he's like, we already got you on tour but Puff don't wanna put y'all on there no more. 'cause he heard him 'cause he heard what he said or whatever like that Man, this lot to shut up man. Why Said hello to the back guy? I do gotta ask a question though. We heard a guy say that Diddy like to record in the shower like he bathroom, he set up equipment. Have y'all ever, that's why. Have y'all ever recorded a shower the bathroom? No. Hell to the note. I have no idea. I know nothing about that. I just wanna say to be very transparent with y'all, like I've been through so much trauma with this guy man and the whole situation And I just wanna say I think he needs a lot of prayer and he needs mental health.


Like the things that we can relate to, you know? Absolutely. I think that's what's gonna save him or help him. Yeah. Nothing else. I don't think we should talk about him. I don't think we should make fun of him. It's like real si. That's Conversation If you don't mind me asking. You don't gotta answer. How did he, how did he traumatize you personally? I can't talk about it right now. Gotcha, gotcha. But you'll find out soon you had trauma from that dude way before any of these allegations. Right? So when you gotta do interviews and you know these questions are gonna come up, does it trigger things? And it used to and my documents that I have for my mental health, I have his name mentioned in there. But it used to traumatize me a lot to where everybody thought something was really wrong with me. Yeah. And stuff. But I just don't blame him. I blame people around him too because they ain't innocent either.


Or read the clothes, they'll be like this is what I want. Right. But a lot of times they don't know how that happened, you know? So when you hear the AO days and the, you know the D Woods talking, how did that make y'all feel? Emini here for me, I just seen And I, I really didn't know, you know what I'm saying? And for us to be so close with them and experience so much with them. Yeah. To not know that they was experiencing those kind of things. That kind of, that was weird to me. 'cause I had, I literally never heard nothing like that about any of them while we were there. They never, they never disclosed those kind of things with us. And the sad thing when men But Y'all knew your brother was going through something though. Not at that time. We So when, when he ended up coming back to the group, that's when we started to understand things was different. Yeah. And, and seeing a different walk Andand.


Because when I left the group I went to sing Background for Dirty Money. Right. He was on stage with them on the news. That time I was like, I was looking at the news like why is my group member singing backgrounds? Yeah. So he stuck around a little bit longer inside of that, that that formula versus us leaving and doing Atlantic thing and trying to figure that out. So when he got back we did notice different things or whatever. But yeah. Emini here he's a lot better right now. Yeah, for sure. Things are changing. I'm glad you're a lot better. QI Was gonna say, things are changing 'cause when men deal with things, it's usually funny at first. Right. No matter what it is. Like, you know, I'm, I'm not putting your stuff out there, but Charlemagne talks about a time when he was a kid, something happened to him and the first reaction when he tells that story, people Laugh. Right. I couldn't believe that. After you tell the story about you And I couldn't believe when Clue First taught you how to dj.


I laugh about that too. There's nothing there over the picture of you sitting on, on Wendy Williams Lap Clue teaching you how to dj 'cause he came up behind you. See that was a good segue to ask y'all about Freak Off. You haven't been to any Hell no. No sir. No. Okay. No sir. I'm gonna be honest man. Nah, never. Nah. Uhuh nah, nah. I said I think the only time, the only time at the door to a couple but never walked on. So we were blessed to be warned about a lot of this stuff. Yeah. Before we at, before we were ever an opportunity off camera to be involved in it. Wow. So we already knew.


Yeah. We heard what not to do. Where, you know, whatever the case may be. I don't know what was exactly going on in those things. But we were definitely warned not not to go. And I also, I think a lot of people who y on the game some. Oh man. Just a little birdie from the show. Right. From Bad Boy. Just the show in general. A couple of actors told us around it. A dancer. Wow. It was right to, it was, Hey man, stay away from the red door soon. Us to stay away from the rear door. So thats kind of a big thing. Yeah. And my last question. Okay, so y'all got this album out now. Will y'all be touring ly? Will, will it be a tour? Okay. And does, did he recoup anything from y'all now? So y'all are no more not tied to this man At all.


Did we talk about like our publishing? Well he still got our publishing from my, from those album. I thought they gave, they gave it back. He didn't give us anything. We didn't sign. He got on there. So he Offer us, he sold Sony and he can give it to us now. You know, you know make the calls, whatever. But we do All The other money. They sold how much do Think Owe because right now his kids got all that money publishing. It ain't his kids name and his mama. No. Every time I see I be like, man these so the the pub Is in his kid and mama. But for that time when he said I was was giving all my artists back there publishing, We wouldn't, He sat right here and said it. We did. He Said that he gave everybody back. Yeah.


He probably did something. But then I, I was talking to Aubrey during the time and she was telling me a lot of things. I guess she had got offered the situation and she was saying how it wasn't worth it anyway. She got 33. She, she had to sign. So she, She got Aubrey date got $33. Yeah. We doing all these documentaries. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. So how much you think is Owe Outta everything out? 'cause I know y'all, you guys figured it out with accountants and all that. How much think you Know what the thing is, even off the show alone, they made millions of dollars. Yeah. It had to be like off, you know, 70 to a hundred. It was, it was just, it was a lot of money. We just Emini here, I don't know the exact number be 15 million.


Yeah we just, it is Damn 15 million. Correct. They made 14 million. That's what I'm talking. But we didn't go. So what did he change the publishing? 'cause it wasn't in his kid name at first, right? No it was always that was it from the jump. From the jump. It was in The jump. So He already knew which Emini here. I get it. He a father and he got kids 'cause but at the same time, don't erase my name. I'm a father And I got Because I'm a father And I got kids And now we want to know, be able to do for our children the same way. You know what Emini here. So gimme my money.


That's all I care about with the whole Diddy thing. Man. I just want my money bro. I just want my money. I want what I'm worth. The albums that we sold And I the way I should be living And I don't want to see your kids rolling around in car better than mine. That Emini here, that off of my music, off of my stuff. You know what I'm saying? That's just weird. How do you even have that conversation and justify that with somebody? Yeah, but So day one's, he gets nothing from day one. No. At all. Which is available right now. All streaming platforms. That's right. They HR Tamir and the Exclusives. Man they put this album together. Amir, that's my cousin. He Back there. And I think the biggest thing about this album, it is the first album we was able to do with just one writer, one producer. You made that whole type of nucleus with just us. You know, it all other albums always had different producers, you know, different writers including us.


But this right here was just one body of work. You know, one produ that whole type of feel. Yeah. And Emini here it's real r and BI think everybody will enjoy it. Yes. People have called it a classic, you know, so I'm hoping that everybody, you know, go check it out. Yeah. Alright, well Definitely support day 26. And then y'all gotta show New York absolutely Mans. So b established Hoodies. That's amazing. You Know what I'm saying? We appreciate y'all for joining us. It's The Breakfast Club, it's day 26. Appreciate y'all Juan. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Thank you to day 26 for pulling up in Snoop. Just hilarious. Inform informed me that B five reached out to her to come on the show. Yeah. Yo they trying to, you know, all, all of the former Diddy groups are, you know, looking to come back, you know, and they, they've been doing music so they B five.


Yes. B five, the, I can't wait to get to school them. Yes, yes, yes. That was B five. That was New Edition. That was New Edition. They must it over very new edition type of song. They Redid That. So they been working on their music and they look like they haven't aged a bit and they, you know, they back out. You know, so they ain't trying to come up and you know, get their music out there like day 26. Oh they they doing your podcast? No, no, no, no, no. Do record listen to meet y'all. No. No. Oh, okay. They wanted, they wanna meet y'all and give y'all this new music that they got. 'cause it's hot fire. Where Slew. Yeah. Okay. They probably ducking ice right now though. We five all five of 'em. All five of 'em.


With the best man Moore just don't do no lying. She Don't, nobody Worldwide. Just worldwide On The Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you To see. It's time to set it on. Lauren. I know you got something real quick that you got to, that you wanna get to with the Illinois mayor. But there we have an update from the story from this morning, from the DC flight. Yes. The plane crashed. So just an update. There are more now more than 30 bodies that have been recovered from the water.


Oh, have mercy Jesus. After the disaster in the air that happened at near Reagan National Airport. Yeah, the and in total there were 60 passengers in four crew members on board. And there's a massive search and recovery effort that is still underway in the cold water in the river. Lord Heaven, mercy. Yeah. God bless those holes in their families. Okay, so the mayor from Illinois. Yeah. So what's going on? 'cause they got into it. I heard it. They squabbled up. Oh yes. So Dalton, Illinois Mayor, her name is Tiffany Ard, Take the FS off for Illinois. Illinois. Yeah. Don't, don't You caught that Jess. Yeah. Yeah. She got a take the s that Your name up your Track.


You don't read but you know what, you don don't say that no more. 'cause you the one reading now go ahead. The Illinois mayor, her name is Tiffany. He, she had to get busy with her boyfriend because she was at a board of trustee meeting and one of the community activists in the audience stood up and had some words for her. Let's take a listen to the activist. Your restaurant was deemed nasty since you So from women, I already knew by the way you handled Venia. But for you to sit up here and disparage that woman after giving her that fake ass congratulations in the beginning. 'cause you thought you was gonna get what you wanted. I want to educate you. Woo. Erman is a 20 year employee and ain't none of her business ventures ever failed. On top of that, she serves as, as a chief of staff. And she didn't her way to the top.


Woo. She served as a temporary interim executive director for the Dalton Park District until she stepped aside to help her daughter become something you'll never be, which is a married woman. Woo. Wow. We've been hearing about what you've been doing while you've been at work and we gonna exchange your black ass for Stephanie to be the newest member of Ho. So all those in favor say A a now that's a town hall meeting that sound like Wags. I think that was wags to riches. Yeah. You know what that is? That's social media versus real life. That's crazy because I, I I don't know if anything that man was saying is true, but you may get that off on Facebook, but you talk like that in real life in front of somebody. That's exactly what's gonna happen. You gonna get some hands put on.


Yeah. Yeah. So basically what, so she was, Tiffany was trying to respond to what he was saying, but like she could see her trying to like hit the mic, but like nothing happened. And then the guy who was the community activist that was speaking, he like turns around and he's going to a seat and then there's another man that comes up and they exchange words real quick and then they just, everybody just starts going get they Yeah, they start throwing punches And the man is her husband. Right? It's her boyfriend. Her boyfriend. Right. And I feel Like, what did you expect to happen if my man is there? And you talking like that, You ain't got no man. Exactly. But when I get one done messed up the whole 30 When I get one, if y'all talk, talk To me like that. If you want to. Matter of fact, I can't wait to bring him up here to meet you Charlamagne. It's Not gonna happen. It will happen. And you jumping in in me.


I'm not Yep. Mind your light-skinned business. I'm fighting Him right now. Fighting Up. Go, go baby. The bay didn't have security. Well, So police did. Police did respond and try and break it up, but I don't think that they, it was a board of trustee meeting where they were deciding on some stuff with another business in the community and just like community stuff. I don't think maybe she thought it would be the 10th Still she the mayor though, to us. You know what I what I'm saying? Police Security did, Police and police, police, police did respond and break it up. Now, I will say though, the stuff that he said about Mayor Lightfoot and the reporting, the investigation into her, there was an investigation into this mayor that the former Mayor Lightfoot did.


It was about like her mis allegedly mis using funds and stuff like that. So it seems like this is a woman that the community ain't really feeling in general. So I don't What mayor don't misuse funds Emini here. That's, that's just a real question Emini here. Like, which one? Don't show me one that don't what her Attorney, her the mayor, he's attorney said in the face of endless false accusations that outright lies about the mayor. It is unsurprising. It is not unsurprising that violence erupted. Like basically in his social media age, things go unchecked and people go unchecked. That's right. That's right. And this shows you what happens when false information or you know, other information is put out there by people. He's saying what Mayor Lightfoot was saying about the report is false. And when things are put out there and people use it, you put people in danger.


You can Tell how he was talking. Like he was saying things like to get the oohs and the ahs from the crime. Yeah. And like I said, you can, you can get that off on Facebook, right? I'm, I'm sitting there. Yep. And my people sitting here and you think I'm just gonna let you get that off. Yo Not even. And he caught B ended it like B is Done And it's like I know her man was like, yeah, I ain't gotta be her husband to whoop your ass. Like I'm still her her boyfriend though. That's right. I know That's right. Talking go. And you gotta do that to distract from the fact I may not marry you for real. So avoid that discussion at home. Lemme start a fight. Imagine he's going so fast. Imagine that conversation last night at home. Anyway, thank you Lauren. You are welcome. All right. That's just with the Miss Charlamagne who we giving that donker to?


Man, let's talk about somebody who going to hell. Now I don't know if I necessarily believe in hell 'cause I don't know nobody that been to come back to tell me it again. Right? But if there is one, this person is going and he need to come to the front of the congregation, we need to have a word with Him. All right? And then after that, Jess, fix my mess. So if you have relationship problems or any type of problems and you need some advice, you can call Jess right now. Get on those phone lines. +1 800-585-1051. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Your execution on the donkey of the day is something to go. Is it a read? They gave me Donkey of the day And I deserve The people need to know need. Well you need to tell them I am because you have the voice. Tell them. Tell tell. It's time for Donkey of the Day. It's a read, but you're so good at it.


You trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne. There's only one charlamagne Damn charlamagne who you give dustier today to now. Well, sexy red Donkey today for Thursday, January 30th of course goes to a 37-year-old Raleigh, North Carolina man named Carl Bennett. Let me tell you something, I don't know if hell is real, okay? But if it is, God needs to let us get a little peek at it. All right, just a little trail or something. Folks need a brief glimpse of where they possibly going if they don't stop with the foolishness they're doing because there's no doubt in my mind now Carl Bennett is going to hell See there is a lot of alphabet boys in America that folks are scared of. You got the IRS, the FBI, the CIA, the DEA, the LGBTQ plus and now ice.


No, not the kind of ice you gonna want when you are burning an eternal hell Fire. Gimme turn my instrumental love. Right? Okay. Yes. Okay. Not the kind of ice you going want when you are burning an eternal hell fire. I'm talking about the US Immigrations and Custom Enforcement Agency. Okay? Donald Trump promised mass deportations and they may not have reached critical mass yet, but they deporting damn it, okay, it's Trump immigration raid happening all over America. They running up in houses, jobs, restaurants, your butt. Oh hide your kids. Hide your wife ice. Ice baby is supporting everybody out here. And people like Carl Bennett are feasting on that fear. Taking advantage of the anxiety that this current moment brings. You gotta think it's people not going to work because they're scared.


ICE might pick them up. Some migrant families say they're keeping their kids home from schools outta fear out of the fear that ICE may show up. And people like Cole Bennett are feasting on that fear. Let's go to WRAL news to see why Carl Bennett is going to hell new Tonight. A suspect is in jail accused of kidnapping and raping a woman and faking ties to immigration and customs enforcement. Raleigh Police say Carl Bennett threatened to deport the victim if she didn't take part in sexual acts with him. The bureau is Aaron Thomas is live In Raleigh tonight With a crime took place. Aaron, what are you Learning from law enforcement? This motel six Located On appliance court in Raleigh. The site of a reported rape on Sunday arrest warrants say this man, Carl Bennett went to the location and committed a number of crimes including multiple sex offenses.


Bennett, according to these documents, threatened to deport the victim if she did not have sex with him and displayed a business card with a badge on it. Raleigh police did ensure the race or immigration status of the victim involved or waiting to see if any other victims may have been targeted. If you want to control someone, all you have to do is make them feel afraid. Carl Bennett is gonna have a VIP section in hell with bottle service. Satan himself is gonna come get him at the door and walk him to his section. Okay? Platinum membership in Club Hades when Carl Bennett says he knows the owner of the spot. Damn it, he means it because Satan is in him, not on him. The demons in hell that serve as the bouncers going to dap Carl up when he gets there.


Like Carl, we've been expecting you. Okay, you poses as an ice agent to steal some cheeks. You pose as an ice agent to sexually assault a woman who's just here trying to make a better life for herself. This is an elite level sin. Okay? Top tier sin, all right? He might be in hell flexing like y'all, just in general admission. That's crazy. Okay? There is no empathy in this world anymore whatsoever. Emini here you have, you know, immigrant families in absolute panic right now. You have immigrants who you know know they don't have their papers in absolute panic. Some of them have committed horrendous crimes, some of them just looking for a better life. They came to the land of milk and honey, a place of abundance and opportunity. And instead of the American dream, they got the the ultimate nightmare.


This woman just got the ultimate nightmare. Okay? This man displayed a business card and a badge. You gotta give him an extra 20 years because this is such a premeditated, intentional sick crime he thought he could get away with. Okay? He thought he could get away with this because this country don't give a damn about illegal immigrants and he knows that. So he used this opportunity to take advantage of this woman in a terrible way. And I'm gonna tell you something, all ice agents out there, you should be appalled at this crime. You should condemn this crime because the reason Carl was able to get this off was because people aren't surprised that an ice agent would act this way because people believe ice agents act in inappropriate ways to get information outta people. You got to prove them wrong.


I understand you all got a job to do, but you have to let people know you would never do your job like this. When I hear stories like Carl Bennett, I be wanting to ask a Christian, are you sure God forgives all sins through Jesus Christ as long as the scenery, pinch and trust God. Are you sure? Okay. I don't know man. Even if you know God does forgive all sins when you do things this heinous, you got to do some time in hell's VIP sit. Carl Bennett at a VIP table in hell with unlimited fire in Bri brimstone plus a DJ playing his worth life, his worst life choices on repeat. Okay, for at least the equivalent of 25 Earth years, please give Carl Bennett the biggest hee-haw.


Alright, Charlamagne, thank you for that donkey today. Yes indeed. Ask about me relationship problems X about me. You need to beat your coworkers ass X about me. Your coworker need to beat your ass. Call it up. And Dr. Jess, I'm here to fix your mess. Fix your mess. It's getting very much messy. Let me fix this morning everybody. It's DJ envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's time for Jess. Fix my Mess. And we have Keem on the line. Keem, good morning. Good Mor. Good morning. Good morning bro. What's your question for Jess? Yep. What's your question for Jess, bro? Yeah. Alright, first, can I give a shout out to my fiance? Absolutely. All right. Sure. Give a shout to Mimi. I love you girl. I can't wait to marry you.


Hey. Alright, now Jess, I got a question for you. What's that? It's for my, it's for my wedding. So I proposed to my girl last month And I asked my brother to be my best man and my girl asked his girl to be in the wedding also, but since she's not the maid of honor, he decided not to be my best man because he's saying that he don't want nobody to walk with his girl. Now I kind of get it because that's his girl. But you know, I'm like, dang, that's my brother though. I would expect for you to be able to be my best man. So I'm just wondering like, should I be tripping about that? Should I take him out the wedding? Tell I'm even not even making more grooms man, Like Emini here feeling type of wedding Emini here. Most definitely like that.


You most definitely should feel some type of way Emini here that's petty as hell. Like he, he not because his girlfriend can't walk down the aisle with him. He's like reconsidering being in the wedding. Like, are you serious? Yeah, Emini here, he consider being in a wedding, but he's Just say that he'd rather not have the best man role. Wow. And I ain't gonna lie. Like yeah, so Emini here. I'm not gonna lie though. Like they, they matching. I get it because his girl ain't ugly. So especially with the weddings, from what I'm seeing and learning people be feeling a certain type of way when people be walking down the aisle. So I kind of get it, but I'm Like, this has nothing brother, nothing to do with him or his girlfriend. You are getting married to your fiance, this is your wedding.


So it, nobody really worried about him and his girl anyway. You know what I'm saying? Like y'all can have all the time together at the reception or after, after you and your wife say, I do the, it's about you. And the fact that he's willing to exchange that role and you know, like he's willing to give up the role of the best man. You know what I'm saying? Like, you don't got another brother or best friend to get at to like, you wanted your brother to have that. Yeah, I, I do Emini here. I I technically, I'm technically going to have, I was technically going to have two, which is one is my best friend, but then the other was gonna be my brother. But Well it look like your brother Ities is not in the right spot.


It is not really, obviously his top priority is not supporting his brother or he wouldn't really care, you know what I'm saying? He wouldn't give two Fs about not being able to walk down with his girl. You get what I'm saying? Like, nah, that, that's, that's petty and you definitely should feel some type of way. I wouldn't let it get me too down, but you know what, you may just have to have your best friend. Oh, I'm not, I'm still, we still gonna keep doing. Yeah, absolutely. You may just have to have your best friend as your best man. And, and you know what, Emini here, let your brother go ahead and, and just be another groomsman of, of some sort. Alright? For sure. Yeah, for sure. Don't let nothing mess up that day and congratulations. Thank you. I appreciate that. Yeah. Have A good one, brother. Hello. Who's this?


It's Michelle, just, Hey Jess, I love you so much. Hey girl. I love you too. What's up? Okay, so Jess, I've been with this guy for seven years. I wanna call things off. You Wanna what? I Call, I wanna call it off. Okay. So Every time I call it off and just try to push back, he'd do something to make me or make me feel like I need to stay, but it's not healthy. It's not going anywhere. Okay, well what is the, what is the problem? Why are you calling it off? He's The problem. He goes, he goes out with his friend all the time. We used to be like hanging out with each other like all the time. But he goes out with his friend who doesn't have a woman who meets one real bad.


And also like, he just, he just do what he wanna do at times. Okay, so are, do you not trust him? Is it infidelity? Like has he ever cheated? Do you think he's cheating? I don I don't trust him. It's a lot of women that be after him. Okay. I think that's probably it too. But it's like you put yourself out there with your single friends to do, for women to come after you like that. Okay. 'cause I was about to say it is not about women are after him. Men, men women are after my man too. But it's about what your man does if he responds to it, what type of person is he? A person that loves attention? Like is he, you know, but you just said he got a lot of single friends and a lot of times that be kind of the downfall of it.


You know what Emini here, like when you get married and you still hanging out with your single friends, they not gonna feel the same way that you, you know, y'all not gonna have the same problems. Y'all not even gonna have the same type of conversations because you are in a relationship and these people are not. So they can't even really relate to you when you got conversational pieces about your relationship, you know, things like that. Have you sat down and talked to 'em about it? Like YI feel like you act single when you around your friends And I,


The new year is here and you wanna stay locked in on whatever you're into. Amazon Prime is a cheat code. See a lot of people think Amazon Prime is just about getting those packages delivered faster than you can say. I forgot to order that. But really prime is not just one thing. It's all things. A place to stream movies and shows with prime video, Amazon music and that free one day, same day delivery is everything you need to make the season stress free. Picture this, you're watching Thursday night football and Prime video and the friends are coming through. You need the last minute snacks and drinks. Prime's got you. You want to kick back and chill after the game. Prime video's got the movies and shows to keep your night rolling. And if you wanna wind down, Amazon music has got the playlist to keep the vibe just right. So whether you're hosting, chilling, or just trying to make it through the hustle of the week, I know I'm doing all things above. Just know prime's got your back. It helps you explore, discover, and get more of what you love all in one place. So visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into. Whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Hi, this is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years. From developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. And with Toyota's superior lineup of SUVs in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out an adventure Ready RAV4 designed to be the perfect mix of style, practicality and go anywhere attitude or a test drive a capable and affordable Corolla cross with the style space and available tech to keep you cool and connected. And both RAV4 and Corolla Cross are available with all wheel drive giving you the freedom to roam quality, reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Residents at BrightView, senior living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dul Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior, independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


I'm Grant. And I'm your new Bachelor. A BC Mondays. Is this real? Is he real? The bachelor is back and the ladies are head over heels tall, handsome, smart. He's perfect. It's an all new season of romance. I'm 110% ready to fall in love. My love story's gonna happen. And of course drama. These other girls are dating my boyfriend. You act like you don't care. He knows how I feel. I did not know how hard this would be. The bachelor Monday's eight, seven Central on a, B, c and stream on Hulu.


I don't know. I'm just not feeling it. Like what, what I, I do, his friend was married at one point and he got a divorce and you rally see them like hang out. But now a sudden when the divorce is final and he be around a lot of women, it's just like his behind is like included with it. Mm. So have you ever caught him doing something or are you just a, a little insecure, you're just a little scared? That's the Issue. I I literally saw him talking to a female and he act as in oh that's my military friend. Like Yeah, Extra stuff. Well look, you keep trying to break it off but the, you saying he's, he's doing things to make you stay.


What are those things Emini here? 'cause at the end of the day, if you still feeling the same way that you feeling right now, it nothing that he can do. There's nothing that he can do that can prolong this Emini here. 'cause you wasting your time. You, you don't trust him at the end of the day. Don't really, what Do I really sure I'm wasting my time. Yeah. So you know, you know what to Do When I pulled away, when I pulled away, like he'll come back. He'll like spend all his time with me, spend days with me. Does he live with you? He like the repeat cycle. Does he live with you or you doing something for him? Like what? Yeah, we do a lot for each other. Okay. Okay. But no, we don't stay together. We used to stay together. I end up moving out.


So it was like, you know, we're gonna try it this way. Yeah, but it's not going anywhere for me. It's not benefit different. But it's not. But I'm gonna tell you, I'm gonna tell you what the problem is and then I'm gonna let you go. 'cause I, I already know you know what to do. The problem is you're, you're allowing this because you keep saying you're trying to break up with him. Ms. Either you leave him or you stay. You are staying and with hopes that he will change and he really, really had no consequences. For real. 'cause he know he can do something to reel you back in and and continue to, to keep you where he wants you at. You know, not saying he don't love you, but he's in a comfortable situation. You know, you make all these threats about leaving but you ain't going nowhere. So you gotta go somewhere.


You gotta go Really gotta leave factual. Okay. Thank you J. No problem girl. Good luck mama. That's what, that's what happened when you let him hit raw and he blowing that bonky. Why fix my mess. Everything's about bonky man. Everything. But that's what it is though. 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. You feel that breeze? If you need just to fix your mess, you want that breeze back? All right, call her now Mr. The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Me tell out pill help me. Help me. Oh my god. I'm all up in your mess. I'm gonna fix it. Fix it, fix it, fix it. Just gonna fix your mess. 'cause my advice is real morning everybody. It's D-E-J-N-V Jess. Hilarious.


Charlamagne the guy we are The Breakfast Club with in the middle of just fix my mess. Hello? Who's this? Yo, what's good? Good morning, it's Chris. Chris What's up? What's your question for Jess? I wanna know like when you dating a female, how long before y'all should make it official? Say it one more time. When you dating a female? When y'all dating y'all Just dating and figuring each other out. How long? How many months? So how long should I take before y'all take it official? Like I've been going back and forth telling her I think it should be a whole year because I need to see her through all the seasons. Right. I need to her Mad. Right. It gets an old before you for to commit. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. But she, you know, she, a lot of, you know, when I had this debate they thinking when it's good, oh you a good guy. Let just jump right into this. I'm like, you don't even know how I'm gonna act when I'm mad.


You don't even know how I'm gonna act when I'm stressed. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So when I say a Yeah or whatever they thinking that this is just 'cause I want to just weigh my options, but it's not the the kids. Yeah. I just need to see how you are. I I love where you're coming from. It is, it is crazy. It's a shame that she has gone through things in previous relationships that has her thinking. Like, like that's a default setting. Like when a guy says that, oh he, he trying to weigh his options. Like when, nah, he could really be just trying to get to know you because he has done this before in previous relationships or precinct and you know, like just previous dealings with another woman. It hasn't gone right Into relationships. Yeah. I jumped into relationships fast, thinking everything good.


And when they mad I'm like, oh, she's crazy. Or they stress. I'm like, you know, that's, you know what Emini here, so. Yep, yep. I'm just trying to take a little slow. I think you should continue to take it slow And I think that you should explain her, explain that to her. And with that comes a lot of reassurance. You're gonna have to reassure her a lot. You know what Emini here, well just for her. But if it's worth it, you'll do it. You know what, Emini here just to, no, I'm not trying to like weigh my options, babe. I'm just trying. I don't want this to be over so quick after we make it a whole thing. You know what Emini here, like I just wanna get to know you. I wanna know what you like when you mad. And then that's, that's, that's really when a relationship is tested. Like, yo, can you still love me and respect me when you're angry at me?


Exactly. 'cause we say a lot of people hit below the belt. A lot of people regret arguments and that's how they break up. 'cause most of the time during those arguments you say things that you can't take back. So I get it. 'cause people be trying to hurt people so bad. You be trying to hurt the other person so bad. So no, keep doing what you doing, but just Keep, especially when you let, when you let them in with personal stuff. Yeah. And then they turn it around on you. They can you Yeah. It could be thrown back at you. So no, keep doing what you're doing, but just like keep reassuring her that you know this, that's really what it is. You know, like I'm not trying to creep on you. I just wanna make sure this is right. And, and if you, if you wanna make sure it's right, you would respect me and let's just go slow with it and we ain't gotta rush.


Exactly. Yeah. Alright, Jess, Appreciate No problem. Good luck brother. Good luck. Jess. Fix my mess. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got Jess with the mess coming up. Yeah. So you know how ti had inserted himself in a Cardi and Nicki business some years back. He just told Shannon show up ain't me to do it. You regret it. So we gonna get into that. All right. We'll get into that next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club tell you one thing. What's that? Too fast. We don't talk about how work and mothers be having to bust they ass and stuff. Boy. Just you being here yawning your ass off. Yes. And you got children. Yes. People need to understand next. I know. Okay. I was just realizing they act like you're not a working mother.


That'd be waking up at three in the morning. Yes. Coming in here with Shirley on 20 bundles. Shelly, Excuse me, she, It's 20 bundles. Put Shirley, Shelley don't custom made wig makeup on edges laid and raising a newborn. Excuse me. You know what, Emini here and a teenager. Yes. Okay. Don't play with her and doing standup all weekends. Oh my God. And writing a book and all types of stuff And gotta deal with you. Every I just thought you gotta take that out. That was, that was nothing but the Holy Ghost that took that outta me. Sorry. Prayer is crazy. I I You got a couple of extra packs man at home please. You gotta come back the bottom. Why you try to grow your hair like no, I don this.


Your hair back. The want a curly top hit. It is real Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don't do, she don't nobody Worldwide. Worldwide Method on The Breakfast Club. She's a culture shooter. She was Able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to See. It's time to set it on. So last time I asked you about Wendy Katz and you reached out and you got some clarity on that for me. I did. So the cats chitchat and my way are her cats. From what I'm told, the cats are gone. So remember when Wendy called up here? She said that after I had tried to come and visit her the next day, she found out that the cats were gone.


Yes. And gone means that according to the person I spoke to, they were giving away to a family. And there have been people hitting up like Wendy's side of things. I think Charlotte, somebody hit you up too, talking about they think they had Wendy's cats. Somebody Yeah. Remember they hit, they hit all of us and said that they had Wendy's cats. There have been people reaching out saying, Hey, I think I have Wendy's cats. But like, there's nothing that she can do about getting those cats back right now because they were given to a family. But the, the people that are reaching out are like, yo, once she gets everything together, she wants the cats, but they can't verify who the, if the cats are hers or not. Because she can't. But they Are alive. They're alive, that's the thing. Okay. They're alive for sure, but she can't, she can get them back once she gets everything together. Now and y'all also had a question too about the firing of the attorney and how the attorney can push back if she, if she can.


So from what I'm told is that this is really gonna be left up to a judge. So what will happen is the firing is done on Wendy's end. So Wendy has already came out and said, now I don't want you. Now it goes to a judge and the judge is gonna say, okay Wendy, I wanna know why Wendy Williams thinks that she doesn't need this court appointed attorney. She'll, the judge will listen to Wendy. And then if the attorney is fired by the judge at that point then Wendy will be able to say, Hey, I have a lawyer that I think I wanna bring in. And the judge can listen to Wendy and can actually consider that and make that attorney a part of Wendy's team. But before the judge does that, there will be a test, kind of like a health update to see if she's able to make decisions to see if like Okay, does she know what she, what she's talking about at that point? Mm, makes sense.


Yeah. And but that would be good for her because her team and her people have been saying yo, like she's okay. So that, that'll put it on paper that it Depends what the questions are too though. 'cause Emini here, depending on what you they asking anybody you Exactly. I can go up there and sound retarded if I if you ask me the wrong things. You know what Emini here, like they gotta be the right questions. Yeah. I would just have a conversation with her. It probably Is something like that. Or Two hours. It probably is. No, they gotta ask questions 'cause they gotta be the probably the same type of questions that they ask everybody that Yeah, but what but what are the questions? Is what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? Like what are the questions? It's an evaluation. It's definitely gonna be, I know, it, it, it seem like it'll be something that'll trip out probably purposely. Yeah. You can make somebody sound crazy depending on what you ask them. Yeah. Yeah.


So just wanted to give y'all that 'cause I know y'all had the questions in the room. Thank you. So there'll be more on that and we'll keep you, I'll keep you guys updated and then we'll keep the listeners and if viewers updated too, We have another update on the flight. The DC flight. We do. So at this time that we are speaking to you guys, we did a, now this is our third update. What is being reported is that there definitely are going to be no survivors of the crash that happened near the Reagan airport in DC Yeah, we do have a report for that. Let listen, we don't have the report for that yet. Okay. So we'll come what else we got? We'll come back to that. So in the meantime, let's go to a Lil Yachty. 'cause Lil Yachty sat down with Shannon Sharp. Yes. Called Chay. Yeah.


And what happened? One that, because I know a couple years ago he, him and he had said something about Nick and, and Cardi, he kind of jumped in that beef and he said he regretted it. Yeah. Yeah. And he's actually come out a couple times and basically, you know, try to apologize and said he shouldn't have inserted himself, but let's take a listen to him on club. She, she talking about it again. Cardi being offset on the album. Yes. That's lit. Yeah. You know, offset's my big brother. Do you feel that you have to take sides since Cardi B's in your label between her and Nicki Minaj? Yep. And who side are you taking Cardi B? All the time. Every time. So if Nick says, Hey we are gonna do a song together, I couldn't as much as I probably would want to, But you just can't do it. Nah, All. So to clarify, that was the original comments back in 2018, Nicki Card B was happening Light.


No, that was, that was Raha. Shout out to my big si. She had a show at T MZ called Rack ran on BET. So those were the original comments that got him in trouble. But now listen, One of the smart comments though. Yeah. Law 20 and the 48 laws of power did not commit to anyone. It is the fool who always rushes to, to take sides. Well he said that it made Nicki Minaj very upset at him and he regrets it. And now let's take a listen to that. You And Nicki had a beef. You said you wouldn't work with her because your allegiance to Cardi, Cardi B. You want to attract that or You I I I have, and by the way, I respect both of these women aside from the differences And I think they are both very talented women in the industry who have rightfully so on their way to the top.


And to be honest, I really just, I hated that I even answered that question 'cause I kind of just inserted myself in something that had nothing to do with. But you blocked. I'm still blocked. You still blocked. It's cool. I I I love Nicki from a distance. You love Cardi. If you know You ain't never unblock. I was literally About to say that. You know, nigga king ain't getting back. You ain't gotta Worry baby worry it. Once you outside, you outside It won't get in the club. Ever Set's Happen. You gotta respect it. Yeah. Respect it Emini Here, it can't matter what Make, that's just you jumping in girl beef. You know what Emini here, even though he Right. For a lot of the, the the female artists and everything like that, you just still gotta keep it where it's set. Like you still a man. They, they women let them be. Yep. Let them deal with them.


Do that. And I think at the time too, people gotta realize, like when he said those comments, that was when like Cardi was so intertwined with QC and it was like the fake that was home team. Yeah. It was like they were all like this big family. Right. It was like, you know, all of that. So, so yeah. But back to the update on the crash that happened. The plane crash. Yeah. Yeah. So we actually have the audio now. I want you guys to take a listen to it. We've learned just moments ago that there are no survivors. This is now recovery mission. Newly appointed transportation secretary Sean Duffy spoke moments ago about the flight patterns. The helicopter was in a standard pattern. If you live in the DC area, you'll see helicopters up and down the river. This flight pattern is seen oftentimes when you live in DC This was a standard flight pattern last night as well.


The American airline flight coming in the land was in a standard flight pattern as it was coming into DCA. So this was not unusual with a military aircraft flying the river and aircraft landing at DCA spring By geo Beit and Geo. That's why there's so many questions here. Everything seemed to be normal. And that's what's so shocking about this George. He said there that everything appeared to be normal. Now we do have a, a grim update. They have recovered at least 27 bodies from the plane's wreckage at least one body from the helicopter's wreckage. The American aircraft's fuselage was actually found inverted and it was in three different sections underwater.


That's horrible, man. Yeah, that's, that's I did see on C Nnn though horrible that the, the the the, the US Army Black Hawk helicopter was on a training flight. Right. That's what they said. Training mission, training exercise. Yeah. Somebody failed that training. Yeah, because people are like, well why would they have both at the same time? But from what you hear, it's like that's not uncommon. But they are trying to figure out how the didn't helicopter. They each picked up how, how the whole thing happened. So what Was they training for? Like that's what I wanted. When I hear the word training, I'm hearing like, this isn't a person that really has a lot of experience, knows what They're doing. Well and when you start to fly, you normally have to put in a certain amount of hours before they let you get in the air. And normally those trainings are, you're just learning your flight patterns. Like, and There was other people in the helicopter, so they might've been training them, those other people in the copter.


Well that training did not go the way they wanted it to clear. And I Always wanted to know, and maybe you know this 'cause you were a flight attendant when it comes to plane crashes, right. Does the family get a certain amount of money from the airlines? 'cause I I I don I don't think you could sue because anybody would just sue for any amount of money. Like is there a, like, you know, if if something happens, the amount is 500,000 or the amount is a million dollars. 'cause a lot of these people, you know, lose fathers, lose mothers lose. I Feel like the US government probably gonna be responsible for this if it was a, a US black, what is it? The Black Hawk, a US Army Black Hawk on a training flight. If they find out that they rat for, I feel like that's who going to end up having to fit the bill. I definitely think it's gonna be some, I don Probably some losses around. I don't think It can, I I don't know the answer to that question to answer it, but a I Google and according to Google families can receive plane crash, victims can receive financial compensation or damages for loss of their loved one.


This compensation can include funeral and burial expenses, lost income, pain and suffering. You guys heard the new Secretary of Transportation this morning say they're working with all these different people in the family. So I'm assuming that they'll probably try and figure a way to like, you know, just help ease the financial burden, but Gotcha. This is just sad Because it's not the headline's fault at all. Well I think the a the What we're hearing so far, FAA And those reports will come out with their determining fault. Right. Alright. Damn. Yo man. Man, rest in peace. All real rest in peace. That's horrible. That's, Well that is just with the mess. Thank you Lauren. All right, well let's get to the People's Choice Mixes The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are checking out The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, hilarious Charlamagne de Guy.


We are The Breakfast Club. Let me salute to Lincoln Tech. Lincoln Tech is a trade school that teaches everything from HVAC to healthcare to automotive to welding. I went there yesterday and what I'm doing is I'm going through some of their training facilities to learn some of these things. So yesterday I actually learned how to take blood. So if you need me to take blood anytime I could take blood. First of all, what if you need me? You just need me to do it, I'm gonna do it. Like, hey yo, never, never, never. I can do vitals. I could check your vitals. What else did I learn yesterday? And I also learned EKG if, if I need to put it, you know, check your heart Mmla. No. Okay.


I started to say something to you just now, but I'm not gonna say it. Okay. I'm gonna mind my business. I'm gonna say it to you after the air this as soon as we get off air, I got an air full for you. Okay. I got Air Fool for you. I got air full. Oh goodness. You just don't learn Lord. But anyway, and you know what? Salute to day 26 for joining us today. Salute is day 26. Man, Jess is going to see them tonight at SOB. She's so excited. She's like, oh my god, I got two tickets for me. Are you going tonight sos to go see day 26. Yeah, I'm gonna go You going? She asked you like, do you and your wife wanna go with go with us? They're like, oh, little double date night. Oh, you going too? No, I'm not. Yo yo. He is crazy. Yeah, I'm gonna, you know, I love him.


So yeah, we gonna go. Me and a couple of the other producers from up here gonna go, okay, y'all have a good time. Jesus. All right. Know Jesus Y'all. It's a good, you have a good talk. Damn. Me and Q And I said what's up? I will. Alright. Alright. We come back, we got the positive notice The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's CJ NV, just hilarious Charlamagne De Guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Starting to get up outta here. Shaman, you got a positive note? I do man. Learn to ask questions. Okay. It is always better to ask questions than to make assumptions. Have the courage to ask questions until you are as clear as you can be. Once you hear the answer to a question, you won't have to make assumptions because you will know the truth.


Have a great day. Breakfast Club Bitches. Y'all finish or y'all done.


Residents at BrightView, senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dallas Corner in Herndon and BrightView, great Falls offer vibrant senior, independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


This is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years. From developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. To Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with a superior lineup of in-stock SUVs, including the adventure Ready, RAV4, and capable, affordable Corolla cross, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit via toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Juba looking for excitement. Juba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere, play on the train, play at the store, play at home, play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for? Don't delay. Chumba Casino is free to play experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games, including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more. Lived the Chumba life at Chumba Casino dot com. VGW Group, no purchase necessary void. Were prohibited by law. Seek terms and conditions.


I'm so sick of hearing men talk about women's basketball. This is Lexie Brown and Mariah Rose and we've got a new podcast, full circle every Wednesday. We're catching you up on what's going on in women's basketball. We've got you with analysis inside stories and a little bit of tea. Full Circle is an iHeart women's sports production and partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. Listen to Full Circle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.