
Hey, hey, gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist, baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on.


Now, back to the Funk Gear up for Outdoor Adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-Wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Most deals are Barely worth mentioning, but then there's at t's Best deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. You can get it on them when you trade in your eligible smartphone any year, any condition. It's a deal. So good, you'll be Shouting from the rooftops. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on. At and t. At and t connecting Changes everything requires Trade-in of Galaxy, S note or Z Series Smartphone Limited Time offer, 256 gigabytes for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/ Samsung or visit an at t store for details.


Black Tech Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities. That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


This is a morning show for guys day DJ Vy, better known as The People's Choice. This slu to all my light-skinned brothers out there just hilarious. Just for The World. I mask. Just don't do no lying. And charlamagne the guy Don. Get everybody come to The Breakfast Club. I call this the Hot Seat Breakfast Club. It's like on America's porch. Don't feel like my never. Every time I go to The Breakfast Club. I Good morning. USA Yo.


Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo, yo yo. Just hilarious is out. Lauren Laro is holding it down. What's up, Lauren? Good morning. I'm good. How are you today? Good. Charlemagne de God Peace to the planet. It's Thursday. Good morning to you. Good morning. Now there is a, What's happening, man? There is a little delay. Charlemagne is actually broadcasting from the DNC. Yes. I'm at the, the DNC man. The DNC is like A-A-A-N-B-A playoff game. Right? Like the, the United Center is wide open. All the concession stands are open, then they're drinking, having a grand old time. Okay. Okay. I, I didn't know what to expect.


It's a interesting experience. It's, there's A bar at the DNC. Yeah. It's a, it's the United Center, Lauren. It's a, it's what, what the Bulls played. Didn't know that they Allowed people to drink during that, Though. They got food. They got alcohol. Oh. Now, then they're getting effed up. Wow. Then they're getting effed up. I'm sure it's cocaine in the building. Jesus. Oh, yeah. I'm sure it's cocaine in the building. All types of stuff. They having a grand old time. You hear me? So how Was your first time last night? You were there last night. Yeah, I was there last night. You know. We're broadcasting live myself and the Native Land Podcast with Tiffany Cross and Andrew Gillum and the good sister Angela Rye. And yeah, I mean, it's just an interesting experience. Like I said, I didn't know what to expect. I, I maybe, I, I kind of felt, I'm You know watching it on tv You know.


You see all of these politicians and you just, you don't think it's gonna be like a party, but it's a, it's a party. It's a party. It, it's a, it's acel, it's a celebration. So to, so to, so to speak, celebr Celebration. I mean, it's a celebration. A celebration of their new Democratic nominee. Okay. The Vice President Kamala Harris, who did you speak to? You know? I, I, I, Who did you see last time? Who did You speak to? I saw a little bit of everybody, but this morning on the air, we should be playing back. This is the audio I sent last night. We spoke to Governor Gretchen Whitmer. We spoke to Queen Maxine Waters. We spoke to Secretary Marsha Fudge. We spoke to Chairman Jamie Harrison. Who else did we talk to?


I'm drawing a blank right now. Hold lemme look at my phone. Oh, boy. But yes, those, those, those individuals definitely. Okay. Was the playing back this morning. Alright. And also Ice with Vessel will be joining us this morning. Detroit's own, he's on tour right now. He has an album out right now. We gonna be talking to him as well. So let's, oh, Secretary Chuck Schumer. Oh, Chuck Schumer. Yes. Yeah. Secretary Chuck Schumer. We spoke to Secretary Chuck Schumer last night, too. So And I, we'll be broadcasting there again. The Night You know, tonight is the night that the pressure is on. That's right. Pressure is on for the Vice President Kamala Harris. 'cause she has to deliver a resounding speech tonight. Okay. Because You know. She, she, she's gonna be overly, overly scrutinized. Sure. You know, because she hasn't spoken the last few weeks and everybody's just, it's just all eyes on her tonight.


That's all. But I, I, I think she's gonna, I think she's gonna rise to the occasion. Okay. Alright. Well, let's get the show cracking. Front page news coming up. Morgan Wood will be joining us. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. We are The Breakfast Club that's behind the scenes talk. Tell 'em to send it to Mac so Mac can do they all Got it. I I just saw the, the email. David reply. Send Reply. Jesus Christ. Morning we are club. Oh man, God, this ship boy. All right. Well, let's get in some front page news. Absolutely. He said, shit, no, F-E-C-S-E-C. He said, Ship. I said ship. Okay. Hey, hey, Hey, hey, hey, Hey, hey. Don't cut it to my segment. Let's get into it. Morning. Morning. Happy Thursday, y'all. Day three of the DNC. Yeah. It's in the books and Minnesota Governor Tim Walls. He accepted the parties Vice Presidential nomination on Wednesday.


He thanked Vice President Kamala Harris for making him a part of the journey and called the opportunity the honor of his life. Let's hear more from walls at the DNC. Thank you. First of all, the Vice President Harris. Thanks for putting your trust in me and for inviting me to be part of this incredible campaign. We're all here tonight for one beautiful simple reason. We love this country. Country. I know guns. I'm a veteran. I'm a hunter. And. I was a better shot than most Republicans in Congress. And I got the trophies to prove it.


So I don't Know about you. I'm ready to turn the page on these guys. So go ahead, say it with me. We're not going back. What the crowd was chanting last night, the 60-year-old Minnesota governor said he's proud to have protected abortion rights in his state. He and his wife are Als also endured an IVF journey. He also talked about gun control. Adding our first responsibility is to keep our kids safe. He said, if Donald Trump wins, Medicare will be in jeopardy and abortion rights will be stripped away. Meanwhile, former president Bill Clinton, he also took the stage at the DNC on Wednesday night applauding President, president Biden for giving up political power and exiting the 2024 race.


Now, Clinton said, vice President Kamala Harris has a lot of experience serving people. And without saying names, he accused President, the former President Trump, of only caring about himself. I'll skip that audio clip since we're running short on time. Now. Clinton, who is 78, he also joked about being younger than Trump and praised that the Harris Walls ticket calling the pair of two leaders who spent a lifetime of getting the job done. And Oprah Winfrey, she made a surprise appearance at the DNC last night. Winfrey said the Democratic stand together, or the Democrat, excuse me, stand together. It is possible to be conquered. She implored the crowd to stand up the bullies. She also talked about body autonomy and what freedom means to her. Let's hear from Winfrey.


We're now so fired up. We can't wait to leave here and do something. Now there's a certain can that says if we just go to the polls this one time that we'll never have to do it again. Well, You know what you're looking at. A registered independent who's proud to vote again and again and again because I'm an American. And that's what Americans do Now. Ruey, she has had a longstanding of supporting Democratic candidates despite being an independent now to transportation. Secretary Pete Buttigieg. He also took the stage along with former house speaker Nancy Pelosi, house minority leader, Hakeem Jeffries, Maryland Governor.


My governor Westmore, Minnesota Senator, Senator Amy Klobuchar, Pennsylvania governor got Josh Shapiro and the Knight also saw performances by Stevie Wonder. John Legend, and Sheila e and Poet Amanda Gorman. Now, today is the last day of the convention. And Vice President Kamala Harris is expected to accept the party's nomination for president. I I, I must say like most things, they, the DNC is better on TV because I like to actually watch stuff. Like I didn't get to see one speech last night. I was wonder. I was actually upset about it because Yeah, I was Wondering because you guys were still broadcasting. I had to switch over to CNN to actually watch it. Yeah. I wanted to see what, what's more spoke last night too. Right. Am I tripping?


That's What she said. Yep. Yeah. No, he did. Absolutely. I didn't know that. And we would've You know Got you straight to Reach out. I wanted to see governor get the Resources going. Yeah. I wanted to see Secretary Pete. I wanted to see Oprah. And when you like You know when you broadcast and you don't get to see nothing, and then when the broadcast over, like folks is wanting to talk to you while speeches is going on, I, I'd rather be You know sitting at home. Nobody better bother me tonight when the vice president talking either. Okay. We all need to be sitting down watching, listening to hear what she got to say, Sir, if they were drinking last night, they're sleeping right now. Oh. Unless you're me. Alright, well that is front page news. Thank you Morgan. Thank you Morgan. Morgan said, unless you, me, Morgan, you was drunk last night. You, you was one of them drunk. No, I Was just saying. I Yeah. Drunk off tiredness.


You know we hearing this morning. So it is what it is. Get It off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open. Call us up right now. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Wait. Safe To say this is your time to get it off your chest Wake. Wake up. Whether you're mad or blessed, it's Time to get up and get something. Call up now. Eight five eight five one oh five one. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Hi, my name is Eska and I'm calling from Pennsylvania. Hey Eska. Get it off your chest. All right. So I am an immigrant. I came to this country when I was 12 years old. And I became a citizen when it was time to, to vote for Joe Biden because I wanted the orange man out the White House.


And now this is gonna be my second time voting. And I am just so excited. I'm so excited to vote for this woman who is just experienced and qualified. Okay. And just to have somebody with class in the White House, this is the, the highest, most prestigious job. So I'm very excited. Very excited. I'm glad. I'm glad you feel that way. I'm glad you're excited. Very excited. Well, that's what I wanted to get off my chest. All righty. You have three emotions that three emotions I see people have, they have excitement, enthusiasm, or they're just content. And those are all good feelings. Hello? Who's this? Yo, it's Sean from ct Sean from Connecticut.


What up? Get it off your chest. So I'm calling my cousin mama. My baby mother from the Bronx keep trying to take me to court and nothing works out in her favor. She took me for child support, she took me for custody and they just keep giving me all the, all the good deeds and she ain't getting nothing. So that's a good thing. It's a good thing. But it's annoying that I have to keep coming back to New York City to go to court every damn month. Well, you gotta baby You know If. you You know. Eventually she gonna choose violence. Right. I hope not. She, she may lose in the court, but she ain't gonna lose in the street. Not coming from the Bronx. I'm telling you right now. Not She, she not like that. But I'm ready for her cousins and uncles though. That's what I'm trying to tell you. Either way. Violent. She gonna choose violence. Somebody, she gonna push the button in a minute.


It's happening, brother. Come on. Don't don't that on me. Shale. She's Spanish. Dominican. Oh, okay. Either way she's black. She's black. She still gonna choose violence. She's from the Bronx. Good luck Sir. Thank you. I appreciate y'all. The craziest people in America come from the Bronx in all of Florida. How dare you not wear a condom in the Bronx? Are you crazy? Get It off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Phone lines wide open. It's The Breakfast, Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast, Club and You know This is your time to get it off your chest. Keep calling 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? This is Desmond Desmond going on.


Yeah, man, I was just calling man, this man y'all flowers man. Especially to give y'all man that you be having my man popping out loud at work. You high me. I'm at at work right now. I'm getting nah. At work. Yeah. Nah, nah. It seemed like you was just smoking. Well, we appreciate you brother. Thank you for the love man. I Morning. He seemed like he was high this morning. No, his phone just was janky. Hello. Who's this? Good morning. This is snow. What's up snow? Get it off your chest. Okay, so Char, can you hear me? I know he's not there. Hear You? Yes, I can hear you. Hey, good morning, char, Please.


Good morning. Look. Okay. So I just wanted to give you a message this morning. I just wanted to tell you, sometimes you need to give people a little more grace and that's just only speaking from a listener point of view. Give people a little more grace and remember that it's not what you say sometimes, it's how you say it. You are a very intelligent person. It's just sometimes you like to talk to people like me stupid. Well, some people are stupid, including me. You Know Jesus Christ. Yo. It's just like some people are stupid, including me. I literally have a segment on the show called Donkey Today that gives people the credit they deserve for being stupid. And I've gotten donkey today myself, so I don't know what to tell you. Hello. Who's this? Hey, good morning. This is Angel.


Hey Angel. Good morning. Get it off your chest. Hey, Good morning everybody. I just wanted to give a shout out to one of my friends to help promote his music. He's been dedicated to it for a while. And I know it's his passion. So I just kind of You know. Wanna get him out there? And. I. Wanna see him make it? How old is he? He's 34. What kind of music you do? Oh boy. Don't do that. Wrong. Why? See, see what I'm saying? I ain't even say nothing. I didn't say a word. I just asked a stupid question. You started with How old Is he? This never goes, I just want know. It was given. Like, he should give up. You shouldn't become No, I, no, that's what y'all Projection. Projection. What kind of music does he do ma'am? He, He raps and he does a little bit of singing as well. So he kind of don't see Charlamagne.


Why you so negative? Charlemagne ain't say nothing. Charlamagne just asking. You can feel The energy Angel, right? You can feel that Energy. He's about to go. No, it It, it's, it's through the phone. It's crazy. I was gonna ask him, what's his rap name? I'm just trying to give him some promotion. You called up here. You, you should, okay. What's, what's his, what's his rap name? Well, It's Izzy. You guys can look him up on Spotify. It's Why you not play Angel. Where Izzy from? He's from Florence, South Carolina. Yes. The 8 4 3. Okay. I'm a, I'm a salute home team. He's definitely not until I hear it. Salute and Izzy. See just hate off gate.


Sure. Come on. You Better than his. Where's his music at? Like where like what can I listen? He Up on Spotify. You can fucking him up as Izzy. AKA straight up Izzy. B-T-R-I-Z-Z-Y-A-K-A. And then straight up together as one word. Alright, well good luck to Him. Oh, Rizzie the ghetto. Do not, no. What'd You Say? That's the wrong Izzy Charlamagne. Yeah. Album should show up as OG three. OG three. OG three. Alright, thank you. I don't see that's how you promote your people music. Oh, I see it. No I don't. There you. Oh Well Chalo Tri from, from South Carolina From Florence. Get It off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We got Jess with the mess with Lauren LaRosa coming Up.


Yes, we do. We gonna get into us some more. DNCI know Morgan hit it at the top, but Keenan Thompson, he brought SNL to the stage. Alright, we'll get into that. Next. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is filling in for Jess. Hilarious. Who's on maternity leave. Now let's get to Jess with the Mess with Lauren LaRosa Is Real. Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't do, she don't spare nobody worldwide. Jess worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club.


She's the coaches with Lauren. Lauren Osa. And. I got the message. Talk to me. So last night at the DNC, tons of names were there. Of course, Morgan mentioned this morning, Oprah made a surprise pop up. Stevie Wonder who was urging people to vote and remember the time that we're in where we are, what we were doing at this very moment, John Legend and Shelly e performed. Amanda Gorman delivered an amazing poem. But John Legend got some pushback. He performed a tribute to Prince. Let's take a, listen what This is Project 2025, the Republican That wasn't no damn prince.


That was more like court justice. That it, there was a lot of pumpkin spice in that performance. Emmy, why? You say what? When I said John Legend performed the tribute to Prince, why was that your first response? I I was just curious. I know his, I know Tim Wal is from Minnesota. Yeah. Like that was the reason why he did it. That's why they did the tribute to Prince Yes. Is because Tim Wal is from Minnesota. But people were confused why John Legend was picked to do the tribute. I mean, John Legend is talented, but people were like, bro, his range is not Prince's range. So there was Yeah, John John got a certain like sound a certain Yeah. Yeah. It's like a certain thing with John Legend that don't say Prince in no way, shape or form. But, but who, who can reach Prince's level? And Prince's sound like who, who else could there be to do that?


I don't know. I nobody, but I Miguel would be closer to me. Nobody. Nobody Yeah. Is the answer. I just, but Miguel, I feel like John Legend is the mc light of like democratic and pop political stuff and like private events. Because Like Mc Light, it's like the voice. She's always booked. You know you gonna hear Mc like during the war show season, the BT awards show season with John Legend when it comes to po political events and big private events, he's always gonna be booked. You gonna always hear everyday people. So I think they just, he he was in there by default honestly. But, But also it is people from Prince's teams still alive. Right? Like there's people that could go out there and actually perform that performed that record with him that could still go perform that record.


Right? Yeah. They still need the face though. Yeah. Yeah. Not really. They want the name for DNC. It it, it wouldn't, it would be crazy to say Shelly e Marco and so-and-So they need to, why would that Be crazy? Shelly e is a legend. Shelly is a legend. Exactly. That wouldn't be crazy at all. Well, speaking of names Keenan. So they did like a kind of like a spoof on like SNL when Kamala Harris and Tim Walls were first like announced first when Kamala Harris was announced. Like, yo Maya Rudolph get ready. And then when she brought Tim Walls on, they were saying Steve Martin should actually be the person that like recreates Tim Walls. And basically everybody was excited for what SNL was gonna do this season because Kamala been giving us the moment.


It was very smart of them to, to bring Kenan Thompson on the stage last night. Let's take a listen. This is Project 2025, the Republican blueprint for a second Trump term. It is a real document that you can read for yourself@kamalaharris.com slash project 2025. You ever seen a document that could kill a small animal and democracy at the same time? Here it is. You know how when you download an app and there are hundreds of pages there that you don't read. It is just the terms and conditions and you just click agree. Well these are the terms and conditions of a second Trump presidency. You vote for him, you vote for all of this.


Goodness. Now, Becky, you're married, correct? I am. Me and my wife have been together for about eight years. Oh, that's amazing. Very, very cute. But I have got some bad news for you. On page 5 84, project 2025 calls for the elimination of protections for LGBTQ plus Americans. So You know that that's true. Like there's You know Project 2025 talks about how there's gonna be no stud love and they going to ban any vibrator, any vibrator with more than two or three speeds. They banning. Does that actually in the policy, y'all need to read Project 2025 studs. I'm telling you, Honestly, I think what they were trying to do is, is bring more attention to it. 'cause a lot of people kind of, they know about it, but they're not really getting into what Project 2025 is and the fact that although Trump is trying to distance himself now people that were formally working for his campaign are who were a part of the think tank to put this together.


If they put the vibrator thing in there, people probably would pay attention. But I don't, that's not in there. Not even, I don't, I know that that's not in there's, that's not In there. What about stud love? Stu Love is Not in there. No. That is Charlamagne's. Like they are, They are Ben and Stud love. That's what they're getting to. But like You know what I mean? You know how he's taught, right? Right. You gotta read through the lines. Salute the Keen though. It takes nuts to do that because You know a lot of celebrities don't like to get involved.


Hey, hey Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist Baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some Stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrence Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on now back to the funk.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more Intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure Cargo


NFL week one. It is finally here. And a new season means new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sportsbook, an official sports betting partner of the NFL. Are you ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking a player to score a touchdown. Let's go Score big with DraftKings. Sportsbook the best place to bet touchdowns. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app. Use the code Bobby Sports. Put in the code Bobby Sports and get $250 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks. You heard that right? And get one month of NFL plus premium on DraftKings. That's right. DraftKings The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 and Connecticut Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void, New Hampshire, Oregon, and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance for additional terms and responsible gaming resources. C dk eng.co/ft ball. NFL plus premium offer available only to new and former NFL plus subscribers. Additional NFL plus premium terms at nfl.com/terms


And politics because they don't want to turn off any of their audience because I'm sure liberals and Republicans both watch SNL. Liberals and Republicans both support Keenan and people be taking their parties way too seriously. So You know it takes, it takes nuts for Keenan to go out there because most people don't wanna do that 'cause they don't wanna turn off any, any audience. Right, Right. And I don't honestly remember Keenan ever like kind of being vo like a voice on either side. I that I can remember. So that was my first time seeing him being directly involved. So that was led to see up next. Ashanti and Nelly. Congratulations to them. Congrats. They welcomed their baby boy. His name is Kareem Kincaid Haynes. He arrived on July 18th, 2024.


Ashanti posted yesterday some photos of her. It's a photo and a video. Damn. Give some applause. It's something you heathens. Round of applause. Our our board is chop on include bombs. Our board. I was just learning the Board. Our board. Yes. Our board is, I was taking it easy on my sis. What You mean just learning the board. Red And I there. Red is here but we, we got a board itch Tris. What is the girl board op called A board op. Oh okay Boy. It's the most ghetto ass. I mean they, the people don't even care. Whatever you said the baby came July 18th. Yeah, so the BabyBin dropped but we just found out. Okay. Yeah. So not the BabyBin dropped. Like it's a song. The baby been dropped but she posted her body in a, in a video and she captioned it.


It's funny how life's plans aren't always on time. I've been waiting to be a mom for a long time now, but nothing could prepare me for everything motherhood brings. This is what postpartum looks like. I'm loving these super cozy. And then she tagged like a brand 'cause she was like in a very cloy fit. Yep. I'm so proud of my body for giving me my baby. Baby baby baby, baby, baby. Okay baby. Congratulations to Ashanti and Nelly. Shout Out to her. Drop on a clues bomb for Ashanti and Nelly. Boom. Congratulations. We gotta do our own sound effect even though we in a hundred plus market Do the Drake. Congratulations. Do that.


Congratulations. No, that's not a congratulations. It's a combination. Okay. Just do it as congratulations. First of all, don't ever tell me to do Drake. Okay? It's hard for to do anything. He almost give that first Though. He did Get it At first. Okay. He Did. We were all in this together then. He just had to be divisive. You supposed to be. I got too much nigga in me to ever do anything. Drink. Like. Well thank you Charla. Well thank you Lauren la So that was just with the mess with Lauren la So now when we come back we got front page news and then ice. We vil Detroit's own will be joining us. Alright, it's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Now Lauren Laro is filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page news. What's up Morgan?


Hey y'all. Hey. So former President Trump, of course he's responding to the Obama speeches at the Democratic National Convention on Tuesday night. Let's hear more from President Trump. Thank you very much. As always. You are special, special people, great women, they love our country. We defeated isis, we killed the world's top terrorists. We secured our borders, we achieved energy independence. We stood up to China, we protected Israel. We made peace in the Middle East with the Abraham Accords and more, more, more. We did things like nobody ever heard of. Yes. So yesterday at a rally in New York, Trump said, You know. They always say, sir, please stick to policy.


Don't get personal. And yet they're getting personal. Former President Barack Obama and former First Lady, Michelle Obama, of course repeatedly took jabs at Trump during their keynote speeches at the DNC Obama brought up what he described as Trump's weird obsession with crowd sizes. Meanwhile, Michelle Obama questioned, who's gonna tell him that the office he's seeking might be one of those black jobs? Of course we saw those, both, both of those clips going viral. Meanwhile, Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Will reportedly drop out of the 2024 race and support former President Trump. He says he will address the American people on Friday about the present historic moment and his path forward. The independent candidate has failed to gain traction in his campaign and is struggling to get on the ballot.


This also comes as Beyonce is reportedly threatening Trump to the Trump campaign with a cease and desist order. Rolling Stone reports that the threat of the superstars team came after from the White House. She entered the race. Trump so much has not. He has been issued a number of cease and desist orders from musicians for using their songs during his campaign, including Ozzy Osborne, Celine Dion, and the estate of Isaac Hayes to name a few also yesterday during the Yeah. To twist that law. Like, like do You think it should be fair and balanced that everybody should u be able to use music like that? No, I think that when you use somebody's music unauthorized, it should be an automatic fine because I don't think people are scared of cease and desist and You know once you not, once you, once you already air the commercial, I mean you kind of already get your win anyway.


Yeah, right. And by the time It, it gets to court and all that stuff passed the letter, it's like the damage is already done. Yeah, that's right. That's Right there. Yeah. I mean that's, that's insightful. So yesterday also during the DNC in a BIN exclusive Black Information Network exclusives, I spoke with St. Paul Minnesota, mayor Melvin Carter. Now he is the first black mayor of his city. We're not as far as we think we are, we're not as far ahead as we think we are, but we, he spoke to me about representation, how his re reparations initiative intersects with economic development and shout out to 1 0 2 0.5 in the Twin Cities. Let's hear more from Mayor Carter. We have a community called Old Rondo that was a historic, thriving African American community that was uprooted to build a freeway like many communities around our country do.


We've launched a fund to provide up to $110,000 in fully forgivable financing to help descendants of old Rondo purchase or renovate a home. We've eliminated late fines in our libraries, eliminated participation fees for youth sports. And so we're, we're we're doing all of this to just say that our work around economic development historically people say like economic development is building a building or recruiting a company. Those things are important. Our first job around economic development is making sure our residents have the capacity to feed their children, to pay the rent, and to build a better future for our next generation. And so that's, that's, that's the work that we're trying to launch ourselves into. Absolutely. Yeah. I met, I met, I met quite a few black mayors last night at the DNC You know towns I never even heard of.


Like, like my man Michael Owens from Mapleton, Georgia. He said, it's right by Atlanta Salute Mayor Michael Owens. And that is not Atlanta. No, I'm just kidding. But speaking of that, speaking of diversity, And I t says it's in speaking of diversity and unrelated to the D-I-D-N-C-M-I-T says it's incoming freshman class. It's less diverse because of last year's Supreme Court decision to reject affirmative action. The Massachusetts School said about 16% of the class of 2028 are black, Hispanic, native American and Pacific Islander. You see how they roped everybody into that 16%. Now that's down from about 25% in recent years. It's the first incoming class since the court ruled race-based admissions violate the Constitution's equal protection clause.


That's absolutely crazy. And before I go, let me just shout out gossip for including me in the baddies of radio lineup. That's right. Bad. I just put that out there You. know what I'm saying? So yeah. Appreciate what Boston Box Had baddies of radio. Yeah. They had like You know the, the baddest girls in Radio. And I was included in And. I was like, well thanks I see y'all. Okay. Thank y are seeing me because I usually keep my head down and do the work. But You know we out here. So Yeah, that's your front page News. It's up. It's up. Yeah. That's your front page news. You guys can follow me on social at Morgan Media. M-O-R-G-Y-N-M-E-D-I-A. And for more news coverage and updates from the dnc, make sure you're following at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit bi n news.com.


Y'all talk to y'all later. All right. Now when we come back, ice Wear Zo will be joining us. He's on tour right now. He has an album now. And we gonna kick it with Ice Wear Zo Detroit Zone is The. Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren Lar is filling in for Jess and we got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. We got ice with Zo. Welcome. What it do? How you feeling Brother? Man, I'm feeling well brother. I'm feeling blessed. Take it one day at a time. Damn. Turn the headlights off in down that chain man. Man, turn the headlights down. Lord have mercy. You Rich over there man.


He he doing that. He trolling right now because he know he can buy this 50 times over. No, Kent, that's nice though. That's a beautiful chain. We hear people from Detroit talk about the Miles, but what does that mean to you? Like when you say Six Mile and you go get it on a chain like that, like what does that Mean? So six, six Mile is my hood. Like, like high in New York, y'all got like hundred 45th and all that type. Right, right, right, right. So ours just run by the mile. It's, it is literally a mile, a mile long with the radiance for the, for the hood. But it run east to west where You know what I'm saying? So it's my hood, like M Rep, he claim eight mile but m from the six too. He from Six Mile, he grew Up on Bradford. He Bradford and Dresden. Dre. Yeah, G grew up on Dresden. Did he move over there to Eight Mile or did his grandma live on Eight Mile?


I believe. I believe he moved over there eventually. I think Holmes went to Osborne. That's the high school I went to. Yeah. That's on Seven Mile. I seem like Detroit artists are, are, are not beefing as much. And I love to see it in the city. I'm seeing more and more artists out together. So what does that mean for the city? So this how it really is, right? We be having, we be having our little disputes and You know certain people don't rock with certain people. That's just how it go. But we take pride in not bringing it to the internet and not letting the rest of The World know that because it ain't the rest of The World business. We try to figure out how can we diffuse the situation or how can we control the situation and and hash it out if it's possible to hash out. If it ain't possible to hash out, then it's like y'all just go y'all own way as much as possible.


When we out town don't speak to each other, y'all in the same club. Y'all ain't gotta holler. But don't, we ain't gonna embarrass our You. know what I mean? We gonna move like we, we, we respect ourselves. You know we on a mission. This the first time we ever was able to get in any type of position, pause like You, know what I'm saying? Like the very first time. So we can't, we can't mess this opportunity up for nothing in The, World, And, I feel like don't nobody want to be that guy You know what I mean? Nobody want to be that guy that the the the start that we got going on. So I don't, I I it is not the rest of The World business what, what we got going on. But it's definitely like that ain't no city perfect You. know what I mean? Yeah. You can't mess the position up Your love for the city and where you're from. Is that what made you be open to like, I know you had the words for Eminem and then y'all met up at the 50 cent tour and that kind of changed.


Is that what made you be open to stuff like That? To kind of show that publicly as well? Yeah, You know. I ain't never wanted to like speak against him publicly ever, but I just couldn't contain my, my thoughts and how I felt. I feel like I do so much for my city. I do so much for the community that I grew up in, that he grew up in, that a lot of people grew up in and that support don't be there from, from You know certain artists, especially people like, like M Holmes is a, is a megastar You. know what I'm saying? So biggest Rapper ever If, you really wanna detective. Yeah. Like in real life You know what I mean? And I know what them kids get outta seeing me and p seeing me and Doug and Sada and, and skill it. I know what they get outta seeing us being able to talk to them, being able to You know whatever, whatever the case may be.


I know the type of motivation that come from that And I just felt like, damn can I, I felt like Holmes, I wish Holmes would've did that with us. You know And I don't want to say he ain't. That's why I ain't never been been a guy that be like, yeah, M ain't dead nothing. Or put try to put nobody on from the city for one he don't owe nobody nothing. Absolutely nothing at all. And respectfully, he did do what he need to do. He did that for his era. You know when m was our age, he brought, if if it wasn't for m then it wouldn't be no proof, it wouldn't be a D 12, it wouldn't be a race five nine. So the proof is there. He did what he had to do. But You know, we, we just admire everything about him so much and he inspired us so much.


I just, I think we would appreciate it more if we could have met him early on and got some knowledge, got some game, got some type of insight. You know, I, I don't understand how I met and locked in with 50 cent who was from Queens before I met Eminem You. know what I mean? What Did you think about skill of baby comics when he said most, I guess he said most people, I don't dunno if he said most people from Detroit, most people from his generation that Detroit wouldn't consider Eminem the Goat. And when I heard it, I understood he was saying he younger. He You know That that's that's true. Yeah. That's just how it is. Ain't no why should that be a problem? Consider them young as ain't. They ain't listening to that You. know what I mean? They listen to, to most street artists in Detroit. That ain't, that ain't, that just ain't the wave.


It wasn't the wave when I was, when I was like super young and all that. We was listening to the Street Lords and the Cheddar Boys and Ma West and Eli Boys. Like we always like street artists and street music. Like we wouldn't, we wasn't rocking to that. That just ain't Nick m got a fan base. You know. He, he got his fan base, he got people that like that kind of music and the, the music that he make it, it's a way bigger audience to it. So if I was in, I wouldn't even care if a certain audience, audience don't listen to me anyway. 'cause I got a way bigger audience. But it was true as Skilla said, I don't know. He got some flack for that too. Didn't, yeah, yeah he did. Yeah. I don't understand that though. It was just true. That's what It is. Well, If you not from Detroit, you probably don't understand. I I can totally understand being a young dude from the street in Detroit, I'm not riding around the Slim shady.


Put it like this. Right? That's not a dis it's Just is the youngest, is the youngest in New York listening to Jay-Z? Probably not. Probably not. No. Same scenario. It's same thing, same songs I'm sure, but You know. But I doubt that to be honest with you. Yeah, they, I mean they had an argument all the time with the future Jay-Z conversation when Future is like, I'm in the streets. He's not like, I'm they people gonna play Future New Generation. I get it. It's a, it is a generational gap You know what I'm saying? It is all good young as in Detroit don't really understand Jay-Z like they don't get it. They don't care about that music either. Well, congratulations on your record. Just recently went gold. Yeah, I appreciate that bro. Up the scope. My first goal on the independent side, you heard, how Does that feel? Because you, you so independent how that feel it look that chain, what that money look like.


We had that before the chain. How did that feel to go gold Independent that it's a lot different because you spending your own money? Nah, For sure. You know obviously going gold to platinum. It's a trophy You know what I mean? That's what we want. That's what we grind for. But to get it independent, it definitely, it just re it restarted that fire up You. know what I'm saying? Re-motivated me. Keep me energized, brother. Like I, I really appreciate that You know that's something I, I I always wanted, I wanted to go, I wanted to get that. For us, going gold to platinum is like winning a chip in the NBA You, know what I'm saying? Or winning a Super Bowl. So yeah, it made me definitely wanna stay independent though. Does the money really look that much different? Money good. Yeah, money Cool. Yeah. Yeah. I be saving my money up though man. I don't, I money up.


Oh yeah. You, You be investing back in Detroit? Yeah, I own a juice bar in Troy, Michigan. I got it with my wife. It was something that she believed in. It was her vision, something she had a real passion for dope. I didn't understand it at first, but I had to do it because she sat with me while I chased my dreams. She gave me money and let me all her cards up and all that. So I had to rock with her and she made me a believer. 'cause the, that business is a wonderful business. You know, and we in Troy, Michigan. Yep. You mean take care of yourself. Can you say the juice box or physically, mentally you taking care of yourself? Yeah, for the most part. I try to, my kids keep me grounded. You know, we, we all, we all humans, we go through, we deal with mental and all that.


But You know, I I I stay 10 toes down. I keep my chin up. Everybody deal with You. know what I mean? Right. But yeah, I pray a lot. So I think that helped me You know what I mean? All right. We got more with ice wear Zo when we come back. Don't move. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. We are The Breakfast. Club. We're still kicking it with ice wear. Zo Lauren's filling in for Jess. Now you've been very vocal about politics, especially since the DNC is in town. Do you wish you did that? Do you wish you just should have said You know I should've just shut my ass up. No, I don't. You don't care. No, I don't. I don't care. The problem is right. So Why did everybody think he was endorsing Trump though? Because he Took the picture. Because I took a picture. Okay. And that's where I was getting at. Right? We gotta do better with, with with making assumptions.


You know, we gotta get, we gotta get better just overall. Right? I posted a picture. I did not say, Hey, I'm supporting Donald Trump for president. I believe in his brother. I think he can save me. I didn't say none of that. I posted a picture and said, yeah, I feel the first way to change is being able to have a conversation. And everybody took that as, as I supported Trump, somebody DM me going crazy, cussing me out. I said, all right, I'll give you a hundred thousand dollars If. you can tell me what this convers what what was said in this conversation. How I'm gonna tell you what's in the conversation. Just a picture. Exactly, sister. So why would you go that far? Like this, this is a picture. Don't draw conclusions. Have a conversation with me. Ask me, Hey Zo, I don't, I don't like that you took a picture with Trump, but what went on?


Why did you take this picture? What was the end game for this You know? So That's the first thing I did when I saw the picture. IIII hit up Chanel. Yeah. You know I didn't, I don't care whether you take the picture or not. I just wanna know what If you are supporting and what you weren't. Yeah, I just wanted to know what, what was the allure? That's all. Yeah. I, I believe in and letting everybody talk You know if I go to a, a supermarket and they having like a, a farmer's market situation and everybody got a pitch for their product, I want to hear every single pitch. I agree. You cannot just hear one side of anything and run with that and make a, and make a decision based off of one side ideas. You know, I don't believe in everything. I don't like the way the Democrats are.


I don't, not them individually, but more so as a whole. As a party. Yeah. Yeah. As a party. I don't, I don't like it. I don't like the pandering. I feel like it's extremely disrespectful. I think they intellectually manipulate us with strong words like, like racism, stuff like that. I just want to be told the truth. I want to deal with people to, whereas what you see is what you get You know. I want to know who you are on and off camera. So what was the conversation like? What, what, what did y'all speak about? If? you don't mind sharing? Yeah. Actually didn't have a chance to speak about much at all. It, it didn't, it didn't go the way I thought it would go. You know, but we did have a small conversation. I asked him, I just straight up asked, do you have a problem with with black people?


He said, no. Why would I, why would I have a problem with black people? I said, well, it come off that way. You know. And he, he said something that I, that I also believe in his, well, well he shouldn't listen to people. Continue to do your own research. You know and we can have a conversation later. Conversation didn't come. Do I think Trump is racist? I don't know. How would I know? How do any of us know if the man is racist? I don't want to go off of what somebody is telling me. You know, because every time I was told anyone said something or done something, And I went and did the research myself. It was taken outta context or it wasn't that You. know what I mean? So Yeah. But didn't, didn't he reach out to y'all? Yeah. And RFK prior to that RFK reached out to y'all too, right?


Yeah, absolutely. And you met with RFK. Yeah. And y'all took a picture together. And I wanted to meet with Biden as well, but They wouldn't take the meeting from what I heard. Yeah. They wouldn't take the meeting. Yeah. So I can't control who want to come to the hood. You know. I respect that part. Yeah. It don't matter Who went to go. It is went, they went to the naacp, I believe when they came to Detroit. If, you care about us caring enough to come and talk to us. Absolutely. You cannot have a problem with something I do. But you don't have nothing to replace those actions or that decision. You know if I'm biased. It's like, all right, I don't like that. We don't like that. He, he going into the hood and talking to these guys. Let me go to the hood and talk to these guys. You know, come show up. Come come say something different. Tell us who you are. You parented to us in every other way. So come speak to us intellectually.


Have a real conversation with us. Did you at all feel slighted when the conversation you said it?


Hey, hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Hikes baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on. Now back to the Funk.


Hybrid Nation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your getaway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the Great Outdoors Bus with an available toing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while victory on new terrains. Seize the thrill, and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent. All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo go


The way you thought it would. Like. What does that mean? And did you feel slighted by that? Because you said you Didn't No, didn't feel slighted. I didn't, I just didn't care. It didn't matter to me. It, when I say it didn't go the way I thought it would, it wasn't a communication thing. It was just fast. It it, it just went real fast. It was fast movement, You know. So that's all that was. Basically. I just appreciate that Holmes came to the trenches and that he talked to us. You know I didn't get nothing out of it, but got he talked to us. Yeah. And Michigan is a big Battleground state, I don't think no more. I think right now it seemed like Michigan leaning more towards the left. I don't know had Kamela in there. But prior, prior to Kamala, right? Soon as vice President Kamala joined the race, I feel that Michigan started leaning more towards the left You know Michigan always been a battleground state prior to her running.


It was, it was a done deal. It was sold, it was Trump was gonna win that joint. Now she got it. And it's, it's the opposite. So Since all of the, the fallout from the photo and all that stuff, you mentioned that things kind of changed in Michigan. Biden stepped down, Kamala stepped up. How do you feel now about the Democrats? Has that changed for you? Are you still trying to I still feel the same about Democrats, but again, like, it, it, it is more so individual. Obviously Kamala, she a black woman. I'm one of those guys where it's like You know I gotta ride with you right or wrong You know what I mean? I don't believe I heard anything from her as far as any policies and all that. But while when Biden was running, I was willing to accept whatever flaws Trump had to not have Biden as our president.


And. I feel the same about Kamala. I'm willing to rock with her. Right or wrong You know and whatever, whatever she is or whatever she ain't, I'm gonna find out after she elect. So you All gonna vote. I gotta vote. Got you. Got you. Absolutely gotta vote You know who you voting for Yet. I don't want to say this the wrong way. Right? 'cause I, I speak up against this You. know what I mean? Just being, just voting blindly and, and being a fool. Thinking I like thinking intellectually. I don't like thinking emotionally. And I feel like we as black people, we, we think emotionally we try to find a candidate in every area. Someone that we got an emotional connection with. And. I feel like a President's position is bigger than having an emotional connection with you.


Not Supposed to fall in Love with him. We don't need to fall in love. You know the president of the United States. The President of America is the boss. You don't have to love your boss. You know. I have, I had a few jobs in my life. I don't think I ever liked any of my bosses, but it wasn't about that. I didn't need to like them. I'm big on policies. I'm big on telling the truth and keep it in a hundred You know. But again, I one of them guys that I, I ride right or wrong, I want our vote to be respected And I. Think the only way our vote will be respected is if we all figure out how to vote the same way You know. Because if we show some type of pattern in the way we vote, then I don't think we have to worry about the pandering as much. Meaning You know if we all over the place with who we vote for and our vote still not gonna respect.


But if they can see us all vote for one person, then it's like, all right, they coming together somehow some way. Right. Alright. We got more with ice wear vessel. When we come back, it's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess Aria. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Laura London's holding it down for just, and we're still kicking it with ice with Zo. Now you said you're big on policy. What, what policies or, or near and dear to your heart, the, the biggest thing that you wanna see outta any candidate? Like what's near and dear? Like, this is what I'm, I'm more focused on, I would say our border. I don't think it's near and dear to my heart, but I think the border is important. I would like to see our border back. Well, I care about everybody. Why, why, why? From what I know, I don't, it hasn't personally affected Michigan at all, to be honest with you.


Don't, don't nothing that any of the candidates do. I don't think it would affect me. You, you envy. I don't think it would affect none of us. But we can't only just think for ourselves. We gotta try to think for everybody. I think if we voting for which we are, we voting for Kamala, right? I don't think we should pander to each other. I think we should keep it a hundred and say, listen, I don't know all the facts. I don't know what she gonna do. I don't know what she has done, but we just going to do it. You know. Just say that, but don't, alright, If, you look at this, right? This is this. And she actually didn't do this. She it, it was this way. Like, don't lie to me. Don't try to convince me. Don't parent it to me. Don't take advantage of me mentally. Just tell the truth. I don't know. Yeah. But I'm voting for her because she black.


If y'all want me to vote for her 'cause she black, just say it. I'm not, I'm gonna do it. Like, just say I'm definitely not voting for her. 'cause she black. I'm voting for her because I like her message of rebuilding the middle class. I like her message of You know saying, I feel like You know everybody should have the opportunity to own a small business. Have the opportunity to own a home. You know, putting more money back in the working class people's pockets. That's why I'm supporting. Yeah. Yeah. And I like her stance on mental health. And I. Like that she's been a leader in maternal health. Like I'm not, I'm not, I I'm I'm way past voting people 'cause they black. Just because they black 'cause all skinned folk. People. So do you think we got, you think we deserve to be able to ask questions? Not only should you ask questions, they should pull up to the trenches and have these conversations Because we gotta learn how to agree to disagree.


That's right. You know. We gotta learn how to provide different ideas and different mindsets. If we all did the exact same thing, we ate the same, dressed the same look, the same thought, the same had the same children, wives and husbands like, what, what would The World be Then You know. I think that's what create a great company. A guy that got a a, a Fortune 500 company. He went and hired different people with different ideas that could bring different things to the table. But I do got some questions, right? And, I feel like you like mad educated. What was her position as vice president? What, what have she done? Oh, A lot of things. I mean, she About a thousand days, over a thousand days, She was a leader in maternal health. You know when it comes to mental health, she gave 280, 80 $5 million to mental health to increase the number of mental health professionals in schools.


Where is the mental health professionals at? Where they at? Yeah. Because, well, I know, I know in North, how Are we getting access to them? You know, I bro, I got so many little homies in the, in the city, just in Mont Hood alone that don't have access to nothing. No type of mental health to free therapy, things like that. They don't have no access to that. You know, we pulling up to the trenches. We, we we talking to them You. know what I'm saying? I feel like that about the representative's. A great question. I feel like that about the representative of my neighborhood. I do a picnic every single year. Me and my big homie d Dawson, it's called the six Nick. We give away clothes, shoes, we got free everything. Just a whole day of fun. I've literally, not only that, right? Of course we do the book bags stuff.


We do the Thanksgiving, we do full blown mental health events and all this. I have absolutely never seen the pers I don't even know, I don't even know this guy name the local representative. I've never seen them And, I feel like I'm being taken advantage of. I feel like I'm doing something. I'm doing a job and somebody else is getting paid for it. Mm. I feel like I'm doing this brother job, but he receiving the finances for this. I've never seen him You know. And if somebody was to challenge him and say, what have you done? I'm sure he got a long list of, of big words that he can say, well, we dev did the developing characteristics. We did the money. Every, every three months, you get 6,000.


When you buy the first home, you get 2% off. The 3% with the 5% don't equal. You just going to have a list of things and a bunch of big words. But it's still not answering the question. And I'm, when I say answer the question, answering the question with actions. Right. You know, not just, not just big words and paragraphs. So I'm voting for her 'cause she black. I'm saying no, no, this No, I am, but I'm giving you, I'm giving you some reasons though that like a capping the insulin at $35. That's something that directly impacts people that we know in the hood. But, But all right. I probably know one person that, that got diabetes. So like when I ask these questions, I'm asking, I'm in the trenches. They need help. A Lot of their grand I'm sure Do it.


Grandmothers and parents that, that you speaking of. I'm sure a lot of them got diabetes. No, for sure. They, they, they probably do. And I think c insulin at $35 is important. But realistically, right. Me being able to buy extra egg or two You know when I was a child, I don't think that ever benefited my mind to be able to buy extra two eggs to get another carton. The milk. Like, I feel like that's, that's, that's planned. That's like peas, like bigger everyday issues That you gotta get through before you can even go to the grocery store to get The egg. I get what you're saying before Weand, before even get to the grocery store, 35 Cap on is a $35 cap on insulin. Helps A lot. It does help a lot. No, I think it, I I I'm not saying it don't help. Right? Yeah. And Even what you saying, I understand what you're saying too. Be about seeing things in your own You know backyard.


But when I hear her talk about what she wants to do with the economy, what she wants to do in regards You know the mental health, rebuilding the middle class. I've seen her do those things, but they're quiet 'cause she's vice president. Yeah. They quiet. They quiet, they real quiet. And I. I'm just going off of her actions and what I, what I see would actually benefit. Nothing has changed and nothing, absolutely nothing has changed in the trenches for over a thousand days. Nothing has changed You know what I mean? However many days, and listen, And I want people to understand this. Right. My questions for Kamala is not me defending the opposing party or or her or her opponent. My questions are for her. So I feel like that's gaslighting. If I ask a question about Kamala and somebody say, but what have Trump did?


I'm not talking, I'm not asking about Trump If. you plan On voting for I wanna Vote, vote for this woman. Exactly. So I got questions about her. I get it. Right. I get it. Why, why, why is we bringing up Donald Trump? You know I'm asking about Kamala. You Gonna ask questions about the car you buying? Absolutely. If. you going dealership, I want If. you plan on buying that car? You gonna ask every single Question you want. So how do it want it make sense? If, if I go ask about a a a a Mercedes and they, and I'm like, well, what, why do these Mercedes tires look like that? Well, you should see the Ford Tire. Why is that? How is that beneficial? Absolutely. So I want us as a community to stop gaslighting each other. Stop trying to tear each other down when we got questions, If you feel I'm wrong about anything? Then respectfully come with proof to educate me about something.


We gotta learn how to respectfully disagree, right? So, yeah, I'm voting for her because she black. Because that's what I supposed to do. That's what I'm told. That's what y'all want. That's what I'm doing. Now somebody take this outta context, right? I want them to do that because that, that's gonna prove my point. Because guess what I'm gonna say? Bringing out over Here. She losing my Manager lose. But guess what I'm gonna do? We gonna post a full context. Hear what you saying. Okay? And it's up to y'all black people to, to, to speak up for me and say, that's not what he said. Go look at the full context. Let's see if we can do that real. I Get exactly what what you Do bring critical thinking back. Critical Thinking. Now, the reason you here is you on tour right now. Yes, absolutely. Talk about that tour.


This this is your own tour. Yeah, this is my first tour. I ain't never been on tour. This is my first tour ever. Wow. I I independently absolutely never been on tour. Yep. Doing it independently. Me and my brother Peasy. That's my twin right there. You know we from the same hood, same part, all that You. know what I mean? So yeah, Tour is out right now. How can people get tickets? I'm, I'm, listen. I'm terrible 'cause I'm ghetto. 'cause guess what? Linking my bio. Linking the bio. She said, she said before you even go There, sell tickets. Yeah. No, the link in my bio. Y'all. Come on. We, let's get this. Y'all know what we doing now? Y'all know the link. That bio starts September 12th in LA Bringing, we we coming to ghetto near you.


We bringing the trenchers out. Listen, check this out, right? I'm bringing my food truck. I'm bringing merch. I'm bringing everything I'm bringing You. know what I mean? We bringing all the guys. We're bringing studio, studio equipment. We're bringing the cameras. You wanna do a verse? You wanna shoot a video? We doing that? You want some merch? We got that. You hungry? We got a food truck outside. We thugging it out. We master p with this word. Yeah, we on all that. Y'all grab them tickets though. For real though. This is my first tour Welcome To our outside tour. Welcome to our side. All right, well we appreciate you for joining us. Always my Brother. Appreciate y'all brother. And live from the sixth two coming soon. November 20th. Y'all get ready? Let's get it. Let's turn up. It's ice wear. Zo. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy.


Jess Aria. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is filling in for Jess. And let's get to Jess. The mess news is real weather. Jess, Robin Moore. Jess, don't do no lying. Don't do that. Lie. She don't spare. Nobody. Nobody worldwide. Jess worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's a coach. Shoes. Lauren, Lauren Osa. I'm back. And, I got the mess. Talk, talk to me. So Oprah may headlined yesterday for her guest appearance at the DNC back in Chicago. And there was a pretty interesting conversation that she had prior to that with Al Roker, where she talked about her age and reaching the age that she's at.


Let's take a listen. I I'm just curious, what were your thoughts about 70? I was excited to make the number. I'm excited to make every number. I remember many, many years ago as a young girl, I had always thought that I would never make it to the sixties or seventies. Really? I had this number in my head that I thought, okay, I'm gonna be out by then. Why? And then when I passed the number, I don't know why. I think, I think I, I had a vision of it when I was a kid. And, I think it is because under the circumstances that I was living when I was a little girl in Milwaukee on welfare with my mother and what I now know, that if I had stayed in those circumstances, I probably wouldn't be here.


You know, I wouldn't be here healthy and strong and vibrant. I did not realize Oprah was 70 years old. I was gonna say the same thing. I had no clue she was 70 either And, And Oprah. Plus she was like early sixties. Right? But that's because Oprah, she's, she's still outside. She moving, she looking good. She You know what I mean? But also too, I thought it was pretty interesting because I think people see Oprah as the icon that she is right now and forget how much she's had to come through. So to hear her say And I, I hear my homie say that all the time. But it was pretty interesting to hear a woman say that like the circumstances that she went through, she even think she would make it to be this old And I. Don't, I mean, Yeah, go ahead. If You know Oprah's story, You know the extreme she came from. But I mean, You know as, as a, as a person born in 1,978, You know, 46 years old.


She, she kind of been Oprah our whole lives. For real You know. No, for real. So I thought that was interesting. Now moving on to another icon, Nicki Minaj. So Nicki Minaj went live on Station head and she had a few things to get off of her chest. One of them you guys know, she recently launched her Label and she had something to say to artists who declined to sign to her Label A mother tell somebody they don't really wanna sign with heavy on it. But then they'll go and sign with the white peoples and guess who the white peoples finna call always? Oh, Nya Mirage. Oh, they always make sure they get a good, get the attention of the Barbs.


So you would be surprised, and I'm not talking about doing ad libs on any songs if their name is not on the Pink Friday too. They're not a heavy on an artist. Now that is pretty interesting because currently, and, and for some months now, there has been speculation that there is a little discourse between her And I Spice. And when I say discourse, I don't mean like a friendly back and forth. I mean like the girls is speculating that Nicki Minaj does not care for Ice Spice whatsoever anymore. She was very supportive of Ice Ice in the beginning. She put her own song, she You know crowned her the, the the Princess of hip Hop, all that stuff. And then things just fell apart. There were early reports that Ice Spice was Sus was supposed to sign to Nicki Mina's Label when the Label was first announced.


And then it didn't happen. And Ice Spice signed to a major. So Ice Spice signed a long time ago though, though, but before I thought Nicki had that Label. Yeah, but it, so I'm assuming that whatever came out of about Ice Spices deal came out around the same time that the conversations begin to happen about Ice Spice and Nicki Minaj or whatever their situation was supposed to be. So people are putting two and two together and basically saying that this is her speaking directly to that. And then she says like, if your name isn't on Pink Friday too, which Ice Best's name is not on Pink Friday too. That you're not You know what I mean? Like, basically Don't ask me about these people outside of the Ice Ice speculation though. I think she has a valid point about artists not signing to her. And, and You know people can pick and choose where they wanna do their business at.


Right? But if the labels are gonna pick up the phone and call Nicki Minaj about you anyway because you, she got, you got a feature from her like you've been seen around her. It's like why not sign to a Nicki Minaj? She is Nicki Minaj at the end of the day. So you're gonna get the same look. So why not? Man? Nicki needs to narrate every single Halloween theme show when she be on them Twitter spaces or whatever. Her voice be sounding. So Ill Hello? It was a start talking stormy night and she was creeping through the woods. She just needs to narrate every single Halloween theme show there is. Okay. But Nicki Ben OG at that, she got the character. She got Roman, she got all them people. They be calling her crazy. But Nicki know what she doing. She animated. A Lot of people don't want to sign with artists though.


'cause they feel like artists don't have the infrastructure or they're, they're always too busy to actually run a Label. And we've seen that several times. I mean, I could feel that, but, but you, you see how a successful little Wayne's Label, did you see how successful Jay-Z's Label did? But a lot of people do feel that way. I hear that. I hear that. Yeah. But how, how, how many of those labels, how many of those labels, and I'm not saying that this is about Nick, I'm just saying how many of those labels were successful because of the artists. I mean, You know Shot Salute to Lil Wayne, but Lil Wayne also had people like You know Cortez Bryant You. know what I mean? Like And I. And a lot of times it'd be those people who are really the brains of Yeah. Of, of the operation. That's why I said the infrastructure You know. Most, most people wanna make sure the artist has the infrastructure. Same thing with Rockefeller. Like you said, it was Damon Bigs that was running the, the, the day to day You know.


But a lot of it too, I feel like with, with the artists today, like the girls like iPic who are getting signed because they're so big on the internet and maybe you love their music. A lot of people feel like the labels have lost their touch of really filling the music and really understanding how to strategize and not just look at numbers. And Nicki Minaja has gotten credit a couple times, like I know with Meek, remember that song that they put out together? Meek, what's the name of the song where it was them two on That? Dun Yeah. Yeah. It was the number one record. Yep. And they, there was a conversation about how she was the one who told 'em, no, you need to put this out that's gonna go for the radio that'll Yep. Like she under, she knows what she's doing all the time. So I, I mean, clearly, I mean, she's she's been in this game a long time. She's still putting a pitch so she knows what works. Yeah. So, I mean, I just, I I I feel her on this one.


I don't always agree with Nikki, but I felt her on that one. But speaking of Ice Spice, ice Spice is about to make a acting debut that I don't think you guys would ever have imagined. Let's take a listen and don't ask me about No, no, that's asking about no, that we filmed that a couple months ago. Let's just say I don't really look like myself. So I'm excited to see how that looks on camera. I'm in it real quick. Have a little cameo type thing. But I was so nervous. So Were you on set with Denzel? Yes, I was. And he's, he has like a very like, powerful like vibe And I was just like a little intimidated, but mostly nervous.


And, but he just kept saying like, don't be like, like, just don't be nervous. Like, congrats, like you're, you're great and stuff. And so he was really encouraging and, and sweet. Yeah. So it's a crime thriller. It's a reinterpretation of the Akira Co. I, I'm gonna say the last, I messed his last name up Thriller High and Low. But I would've never thought I was gonna put Denzel Washington in the Queen of fart in the same conversation ever. Like that that, that threw me for a loop. But we're not shout out to her. We're we're, we're not, we're not, we're not doing that. She's in a movie. She's in a movie with him. She's not in a conversation with him. Wait, That there's headlines that put Denzel Washington and Ice Spice in the same conversation?


No, She's in the movie. Not, not in the same conversation in the movie, But I mean, but you have to mi when you mention the movie, the headlines are literally saying Ice Spice said to appear in Spike Lee's High and Low with Denzel Washington. She might have, she might have a, in The, I'm saying I would've Never thought, I Never thought that I was gonna see Ice A came cameo and anything that Denzel Washington is doing, and it's no shade to ice face. Why? It's like the caliber of Denzel Washington is like, you don't just do popup cameos now She doesn't say she's acting with him like a, a acting role. She has a cameo. That's What I'm saying. She, she, we don't, she could play a number of roles. I mean, think about a movie like Training Day. Think about You know Dr. Dre and Training Day. Think about Snoop Dogg and Training Day. Like I can see her playing like You know. Yeah.


Hey, hey. Gather Round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist Baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some Stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night, the million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on. Now back to the funk.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the Great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more Intelligent, All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo,


Some type of role she Gotta support an actress. Her personality is just so like dull. Like I love the music, but I can't see her in a movie. You said She dull, dull. She's very monotone in her personality. I would dull. I wouldn't see her Boring basic. You just call it ice Ice Basic, Lauren. Okay. Okay. You tell me more. You Love putting words in my mouth. Like you listen to I said what? I said her I love her music. But her, her, her. I can't imagine her asking as A cameo though. It could be just like a quick little cameo. One two thing. And I love her too. But did you? Yo If. you think she wh her she whack Lord. Did you see Young Miami in the B The BMF cameo? Yes. And how'd you feel about that? She needed some work. And don't play with Denzel Washington.


You don't put need work with Zel Washington. Yeah, But even Lauren Just shot at Ice Spice and Young Miami. Miami, Miami even said Young Miami, listen to this show every morning. Said that was her first row. She said she needed some work, but that was her first row. But we don't know what Ice Spice is gonna be Doing. I wish her the best because baby, I would've never thought I would read a headline that said Ice Spice and Denzel Washington. Lauren said Ice spice trash on all levels. That's crazy. Did you, You You know what I want see Nicki Minaj. Do I wanna see Nicki Minaj read the It's the Great Pumpkin Charlie Brown out loud. That's what I want for her. That's All with you. Alright. That's, that's What I Want. Can you imagine Nicki? I'll find a pumpkin patch that is real sincere and I'll sit in that pumpkin patch and tell that great pumpkin appears.


That's what I want. Why You holding that cup like that, auntie? Because I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. Shoot. Alright. You be Shooting, Lord. I Ain't gonna, I'm listening to you. Just shoot on all the female rappers. All right. That's what I'm hearing. Damn. We ain't got no music. Charlamagne, who you giving that donkey to? Speaking of shooting, we need a man named Antonio Riano. He's a fugitive. He will, he was a fugitive on the run for 20 years for killing a man. But he got arrested. You'll never find out. You'll never guess how. All right, We'll get into that. Nexus. The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Don't did You're a drunk. Don't.


Huh? I'm gonna fatten all that around your eyes, man. Throw them blows, man. They waiting for Charlemagne to tap these gloves. Let's go. You had to make a judgment of who was gonna be on the donkey of the day. They chose you. The Breakfast. Club bitches. Who's Donkey of the Day today? Well, at Sharon Donkey of the day for Thursday, August 22nd, goes to 62-year-old Antonio Riano. Now I'm telling you right now, when Trump and Fox News hear this story, they're gonna blame Democrats. Okay? This story will be used as an example, as the Why America needs stronger borders. We have some people who are on the far right who listen to The Breakfast Club. I met some of them last night at the DNC And I guarantee you when they hear this story, they're gonna scream, build the wall.


See, Antonio Riano killed a man 20 years ago. A 25-year-old man named Benjamin Baca sending healing energy, love, and light to the family of that human. Antonio killed him in broad daylight outside of a bar. December, December of 2004, police were called to the Roundhouse Bar in Cincinnati and found a man shot once in the head after interviewing witnesses, investigators learned the suspect was commonly known as El Diablo. And they later identified him as Antonio Riano. Surveillance video also showed him lighting off the shots outside the bar. So police went to search his residence, but police said no one was at home. But the TV was left on and whoever was there left in a hurry.


When police later searched l Diablo's home and they learned to use several fake names and had papers to create false documentation to obtain different id. And prosecutors said Riano was in the country unlawfully at the time of the shooting. Mind you, this was 2004. So Democrats and Republicans can keep acting like the border isn't a bipartisan issue, but it is. And that's why it will take a bipartisan solution to fix it, because the border has been a problem under every administration. Now I'm just giving you a timeline of police trying to find Antonio or Riano. Okay? A teacher at the elementary school, Reno's daughter attended, told police, they overheard the child's mother say they were moving to New Jersey where a family had previously lived.


Police contacted Jersey authorities, but they were told by their contacts that he had just left the country. Rihanna's baby mama told police she had just fought with Rihanna the night before the shooting and had left him. And that a friend drove him to Mexico. Two years after the shooting, the owner of the home Antonio was staying in found the gun. He used to kill Benjamin. And they even found out he bought ammo from a local Walmart an hour before the shooting. Now this is where it starts to get really good. The Butler County Sheriff's Office lifted Riano was a wanted fugitive, and the case was even profiled on America's Most Wanted. So Antonio, listen to me, y'all. Antonio is a wanted fugitive who was profiled on America's Most Wanted.


But police never stopped looking for that ass. Okay? They never stopped looking for him for 20 years. And then lo and behold, the rise of social media. Okay? Paul Newton or Newtown, the lead investigator, was searching on social media for clues to Antonio's whereabouts when he stumbled across Antonio's Facebook account. Why would a fugitive who's been on America's most wanted and been on the run for 20 years have a Facebook account? I'll tell you why. Because money isn't the root of all evil nowadays. Attention is, but that's not the kicker. Not only did he have a Facebook account, this man, Antonio Riano, who has been on the run for 20 years, who was featured as a fugitive on America's Most Wanted, this man had a job.


Would you like to know what his occupation was? Let's go to Fox 19 now and send you for the report, please. One of Butler County's most wanted and Antonio Reno, he is accused of killing someone outside of a bar in Hamilton. In 2004, investigators in the US Marshals tracked him down to Mexico, where he was serving as a police officer. The crime scene tape has long been taken down at the corner of East Avenue and Long Street. But in 2004, this was the spot where investigators found Benjamin Baccato dead. He was shot in the face, surveillance cameras on the building captured the ordeal. And in the days that followed, police identified Riano as the suspect and found the murder weapon hidden inside his apartment.


They say the only issue was Rihanna had fled the country and went into hiding. That was 20 years ago. It's all about catching the bad guy and tracking him down because I think he thought he was home Free. Once the prosecutor's office located Rihanna, they spent several years filing paperwork with federal authorities to get him back to Hamilton to face charges. Lord have mercy working as a police officer. Yes, he figured, If, you can't beat him, join him, but continue to run from him. Okay? He was a police officer for the past three and a half years in Mexico, which according to his lawyers, shows he was not trying to hide from anyone. And his lawyers argue he has no other criminal history.


Now, If, you shoot a man in the head and kill him dead. Do you need any other criminal history? I believe that murder is more than enough. Okay? I just don't understand how you can be a fugitive on the run for murder for 20 years and become a cop. He probably got employed of a month as a cop every month because he always knew where to find the criminals. And that place he found them was called Deira. His favorite part about being a police officer was probably chasing himself to keep in shape. Antonio figured the best place to hide was in plain sight, right under their noses. He probably makes for a great cop because now he has experience on both sides of the law. Who better to catch a killer than the guy who already knows how it's done? The hypocrisy of this man to go hunt down criminals.


He probably was serving warrants and everything when he himself is running from the law. I bet Antonio Riano never took any time off from his job because he knows the only person who could catch him was himself. Now Antonio is in custody. He's been extradited to Cincinnati to stand trial and it's been ordered that riano be detained without bond until the conclusion of his criminal proceedings. A decision that came in a re came in response to a request from prosecutors. Now, Antonio was asked in court why he did what he did. And this is what he said. I don't know. I don't know. We looked everywhere. I don't know either.


Please give Antonio Riano the biggest heehaw, All right. Crazy world Sure is. All right, well thank you for that donkey today. Yes ma'am. Sir, sir, sir. With y'all. Yes. Now he acting frozen. Now you, now you acting frozen. Now he frozen after he wanna be there with his little tea. He had a little pinky up drinking little tea auntie. All a little upset. But anyway, Charlemagne is out at the DNC. Yes, I am in Chicago at the D-N-C-D-N-C is like Coachella for people who've de devoted their life to politics. I didn't know what to expect coming out here to the DNC, but it's, it's at the United Center right where the Bulls play.


So it's like all the concession stands are open. So they in here drinking, eating chicken fingers, french fries, having a grand old time. Alright. And yesterday you got a chance to speak with a couple of people, right? Oh, shoot, I forgot we about to do that. Yes. Oh my goodness. I, I I, I could, I'm out here broadcasting live, but also with the Native Land Podcast. The Native Land podcast is the flagship show on Reason Choice Media with iHeart. It's Andrew Gillum, Tiffany Cross, and my good sister Angela Rye. So we, we chopped it up with quite a few people yesterday, I think this morning we're gonna play for you big crutch. Governor Gretchen Whitmer and Queen Maxine Waters, they popped up on us and Senator Chuck Schumer. So we gonna get those all for you when, when we come back.


Alright? So don't move us, it's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is filling in for Jess now. Charlamagne is at the DNC. And yesterday he got a chance to sit down with a bunch of people. But we're gonna get some of those interviews on. Let's start off with first he sat down with Maxine Waters and Gretchen Whitmore. Hey, Maxine Waters. Yeah. Love you, queen. Oh my God. How are you? I'm good. I'm absolutely enthused for the first time in a long time. Yeah. You know. You know as a o, as a, as a og Ms. Waters You know who has seen America change so much throughout your lifetime.


You know. How does it feel as a black woman to see another black woman in a position to potentially be the next president of the United States of America? Well, You know, I really do feel that change is come about. I really do think that we're in a period of time where we're seeing America face the truth about the citizens of this country and the fact that they have been excluded and denied. And you have competent, capable, talented women, men and women, but black women who have really been undermined us consistently in this country now rising to the position of power and influence. So I feel really good about being a black woman right now.


Yes. I, I asked Secretary Fge the same thing, And I want to ask you as well. How different is this moment now as opposed to 2016 with with Hillary? Well, I think if the fact that it's a black woman is different You know what I'm saying? This is something that America never dreamed really about and never thought about the possibility of. And so, yes, Hillary was a woman and had women behind her, black women, white women, women, You know, hoping that she could be president. But to have a black capable, competent woman whose career has led us to this point, who has done everything anybody could have told her that she should have done in order to get to this point in her life, in our lives, it's different.


And it's inspiring, it's motivational and it's like You know. You can sit back and you can watch it and you can say, yeah, we knew that someday it might happen, but we weren't sure. Yeah. But we gonna keep on fighting for it. That's it. Yeah. Yeah. That's it. Congresswoman, I'm across the hall over here. How are you? I'm good. Good, good. Well, we've had, we've been joined by a, a a, a woman, a guest who Big Grant Introduction To here in a Minute. Big. I know Auntie Max and Big I love it. That should be a movie, I feel like, right? A superhero movie. A superhero movie. And now I wanna ask you, because you are about to be the chairwoman of the Financial Services Committee, when we take back the House of Representatives, I'm curious to know whether or not you got a top three that you just got a, when you get there priority, that you're going to be dismantling, raising up, expanding as you take leadership down.


Oh my goodness. Let me tell you, I served as chair of the financial services committee until we lost the house. Yeah, yeah. And now I'm hopeful that I'll get that gavel back. Yeah. Because once I got it back, I know What to do. Right? That's right. That's right. And so, top on my agenda is housing. Yes. We have a housing crisis in this country. Yeah. Every night in the Los Angeles, greater Los Angeles area. That's 70,000 people on the streets in this country. There are 753,000 people sleeping on the streets at night. We have a housing crisis in this country and we can do better. As a matter of fact, in addition to the bills that I have, $150 billion bill, I've had a bill for $350 billion.


It was killed by Cinema and Manchin, but we now have the bill redone $150 billion. We also have the President Biden, who's already talking about creating new units, affordable units, and doing something I never thought I would agree to. And that is given tax credits to the developers who are willing to build affordable units and do it in such a way that not only are they affordable, but they're safe and they're secure. So that's one of my top priorities. The second thing that we've got to do is we've got to make sure that the banks and financial institutions of this country, first of all, opinion, their fair taxes say so, number two, that they're not ripping us off with predatory lending.


We've got to do more than we ever did with the Dodd-Frank reforms, and make sure we bring them in. And we make sure that we move with diversity and inclusion and get some black people up in the c-suites so that the influence that they can have to make things right. In some of our banks, we've got some gangster banks, but I'm ready to Do it. I know you are. I'm ready. I know you're, Thank you so much, congresswoman. But we wanna bring Governor Whit, I wanna tell you. So this is Governor Gretchen Whitmer, big gre. A big gretch of Michigan. Thank you so much, governor, we're so honored to, to have you with us. I Want, I wanna to ask you, governor, 'cause I saw a poll today that said she had a, the vice president had a three point lead on, on Trump in Michigan.


What can she do to keep that momentum going and not fumble Michigan the way Hillary Clinton did in 2016? Well, I mean, we're on the ground in Michigan. Don't, I don't think anyone's gonna I'll. Yeah, no one's gonna, I'll get to that. No one's gonna take Michigan for granted. But You know, doing that voter contact is so important. Yeah. We cannot write anyone off. We can't make any assumptions that people, okay, the black community's just gonna show up because it's Kamala Harris. No, we gotta do the work. That's, we gotta show up. We gotta earn people's support. That's right. And that's is true in every community. And so that's what we're doing. I I I got a question for you and Queen Maxine You know, we know that a lot of Republicans probably won't certify the results of the election come November if it gets to the Supreme Court in light of a lot of their recent rulings. I think they might overturn it if the Vice President wins.


How concerned are y'all about that? I'm very concerned that Trump has been able to put in place people in several states or or in charge of the election system. Yeah. And that's real. And some of them are going to be turning people away. Some are going to be finding they did not dot the i across the t all kind of little tricks. Right. And so we've got to be on top of this. Not only do we have to have monitors, we have to anticipate when we learn things are going on, we have to move very quickly to get our lawyers out there You know, challenging because I think this is real. That's right. Yes. I I I wanna, 'cause Charlamagne brought up a point about a, a fumble in Michigan.


And I think it speaks right to the question about how concerned are you about the infrastructure of this country and voting, voting rights and voter suppression when it comes to November and it being a, a fair playing field. Well, I am concerned about it. We gotta get ready. Yeah. Because as, as the congresswoman said, yeah. Now one thing that I wanna Yes. Point out that I think should give us all yes You know some hope, not false hope, but some hope is in the most important swing states in the country. We got Tony Evers as the governor in Wisconsin. We got Josh Shapiro in Pennsylvania. We had Katie Hobbs in the Arizona. We got Roy Cooper in North Carolina and me and Michigan. Yeah. We got Democrats who are gonna make sure these votes are protected and counted.


Yeah. It's still gonna be a challenge. It's Gotta be a challenge. But if any of our opponents had been in the position we're in, yeah. I'd be a lot more work. I agree with you Governor And I. Think the beauty of it is, is that we do have you there as hopefully a a felt a fell safe. Big. Her team is standing there. Big go. Big gotta go. Thank you. Thank You so much. Come to Michigan as we get closer to this election, we welcome you in people to know. We'd love to do that all. Thank you So much. Thank you Governor. Governor Luck. Thank you so much for this. Thank you. So thank you. Thank you Congresswoman. Thank you so much. Yes. We love you so much. This give Up Queen. I was delighted to be on that. How you doing Senator? How you doing Peter?


Thank you guys so much Senator. So much. Alright. Charlem mate is at the DNC yesterday. He got a chance to sit down with a bunch of people. That was his conversation with Maxine Waters and Gretchen Whitmer. Now when we come back, Charlemagne in the Native Land Podcast. Got a chance to sit down with Chuck s Schumer. We're gonna get that on when we come back. It's The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody is DJNV. Jess Charlamagne, the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren la is filling in for Charlamagne now Charlamagne's out at the DNC with the Native Land podcast. And he got a chance to sit down With Chuck Schumer. What? Yeah. I'm trying to take a breath. But it's a lot. Right? Where you have Queen Maxine Waters come up here and then you got big GRE come up here at the same time. It's a lot. A lot. And then we have majority leader Chuck Schumer, who's joining us now.


Quite a big difference from just a few weeks ago, huh? Oh man. Are we cooking? We cooking? I have been at every convention since 1984. None is as happy. None is as unified and none is as committing to win as this one. We're going all the way. That's right. It is so great. I cannot tell you even More than oh eight. More Than oh eight even. Because You know why there's a, we have the positive. We have Kamala, we have walls. But You know there's a negative. We cannot let that son of a gun get back into office. I'm gonna tell you that, that president is no effing good. How's that?


That's better You know. You know. I like that You introduced her to No Kings Act after the Supreme Court presidential immunity ruling. And in light of the Supreme Court's recent rulings, how concerned do you about them potentially interfering in this election? Because You know he Donald Trump is gonna challenge it. Gonna Challenge it. Hey, you bet. Trump has no principles. He has no morals. He will do anything he can to win no matter what coroner he has to cut. No matter how many rules and laws he has to break, that's why he's gonna go to jail. But in because of the previous stuff he's done. That's right. And so let me just say we are vigilant. We got the best election lawyers on the case. We are training thousands of lawyers. We are making sure on election day they don't screw around and deter.


People from voting You know what they used to do. They used to tell, they used to send out African-American neighborhoods. Voting Day has been changed. Yeah. Vote Thursday. Yep. These guys won't stop at anything. That's what the Republicans used to do. But we are now prepared. We were not prepared years ago. We are. Why are more people in, in, in your position just calling out this?


Hey, hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrence Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on. Now back to the funk.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in a spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery. You have the Great Outdoors Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent. All-wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing. Got an owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo


Supreme Court has an illegitimate institution at this point. They should You know the right wing, these very rich, greedy people who didn't wanna pay any taxes, who didn't want the government to do any You know. They said I built my company with my own hands, although half of 'em inherited it. Yeah, that's right. And say, right. How dare your government tell me how I ought to treat my workers, my my customers or the land and air and water that I own. That's what they did. And they realized, Charlemagne, that they couldn't get this done even when they controlled the elected branches of government. How Senate, because there was, and President 'cause it was so far to the F and right so far to the right. And so they tried to take over the courts.


We have an obligation to try and stop them. The Supreme Court is a more RAs now who would've thought of this? The ethics of that court. Yeah. So these rich, fat rich people are paying for cars for trips. At the same time they're paying somebody to some law firm to go to a lawyer and make their case. That is outrageous. And I'll tell you who should, we should blame among others. The Chief Justice John Roberts who one said he's calling Balls and strikes. He could stop this with the flick of his PenFed. Where the hell is he? Hmm. So the president has made it a stated goal to get reform on the Supreme Court. I'm I'm just, what's your prognosis for we get between now lame duck and obviously a new presidency for Some change.


La Duck will be hard 'cause the Republicans can control a house. A few Right. Wingers seem to run the show and they will stop at nothing to keep the court the way it is. But if we And please vote, vote, vote, vote. If we keep the Senate, win the house, win the presidency, Supreme Court reform is gonna be at the top of our agenda. 'cause we cannot let these unelected people take away women's rights, take away others' rights. You know we talk about freedom. Yeah. They used to talk about freedom. They don't believe in freedom. We do. Yeah, that's right. But we also believe in economic freedom. We believe you should have a good education so you can get a decent job freedom to be able to pick your job. We talk about freedom to be able to afford a house.


You know one of the great things Kamala just did is this young people, a lot of young people have enough money to pay the monthly mortgage, but they don't have any money for the down payment. Yeah. No one can save that much these days. And so what she said, what Kamala said is very simple. 25,000 bucks. The federal government, if you're a first time home buyer to help you with that down payment. People when they hear that, particularly the younger people who we have to make sure vote, they're gonna love that. Yeah. She knows what she's talking about. Yeah. I knew her in the Senate. She was great. For The people out there who may not understand the severity of what the, the power of this court and what they've done, what specifically can be done as soon as possible? Do we expand the courts That has to go through the Senate?


If we do, I mean Right. 'cause at this point our democratic institutions are corro, corroding, tease. The first step in getting, getting rid of the morass on the court is to vote. 'cause if they keep the house, if they win the Senate or if they win the presidency, any one of the three, they will block it. They will fight for this court. But once we get it, there are very, there are a lot of proposals out there on the, on the table. There's expanding the court. There's term limits. There's, I have a proposal that's much simpler. It's limiting their jurisdiction in certain areas. You know Justice Alito said Congress can't regulate the courts. Well pardon me sir. Mr. Justice, you didn't either read or understand the constitution. That's right. It says it explicitly in there. That's right.


And so we can do that relatively easily and and limit the kind of jurisdiction that they have in the past, maybe people said they'll never get it done. Well we saw what happened with choice. Absolutely. We heard what j one of the justices, I think it was, I can't remember which one. Maybe it was Justice Thomas. He said, next is gay rights. He sure did gay marriage, but He But he's not gonna go after biracial marriage. Interracial, interracial. Inter We knew what Interracial, interracial inter Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He not gonna go over either one. Exactly. You Never know what, you never know what these guys will do. Well, he Can't. Right. He got Jenny. We doesn't know what The hypocrisy of these folks is so large.


You can't hold them to any standard of consistency. Look at this. But when Mitch McConnell said, you don't can't vote on a justice within about six months before the election. Oh, a year. And then there was another vacancy and he put someone in several a month before. That's right. They have no consistency. They will do anything Yeah. To keep this court intact because they know that their agenda is so far the right they're doing the, that no one will accept it in the elected branches. That's right. This has to be, you are right. This has to be one of our biggest fights. But Doesn't it take more courage from Democrats when it comes to situations like that? Like I, I, Democrats have a reputation for being cowards because they don't push back on things like that. Well, hey Charlamagne, I'm from Brooklyn.


We fight. So I wanna just say Senator Schumer's staff is waving him down so hard. He almost lost his train of thought. He asked me us to go. We, we are so grateful for your time tonight. Thank you Leader. Thank you. Majority Leader Schumer. We are looking For, let just say folks Yes. Onto victory. We must win. We have to the future of this country, the future of The, World and democracy. Yeah. Depends on this. And demo. And by the way, can I just say one, one of the very first things we're gonna do if we get the power is put the John Lewis Right Voting Rights Act, the Freedom to Vote Act on the floor of the Senate changing those rules and we will get it done. I love it. Thank you. I love it. Thank you Leader you. I hope you count our reparation. Me too. We appreciate you. Thank, thank you leader. See it. Thank you.


I echo your sentiment, you policing. We need all that. We got a lot to do. Senator Schumer. He careful. We got a big agenda. We got, we Need to be in there. Yes. Yep. Thank You so much. Last time we had the power. We had the most successful congress. Most sexual presidency give Joe Biden credit. That's right. Since Johnson. And maybe since Roosevelt. It'll happen again. Even more. You ain't seen. No. You ain't seen nothing yet. All Right. That was Senator Chuck Schumer. Shout Charlamagne. And the Native Land podcast, they will Be out. That's right. Spoke to Angela Rye. Andrew Gillum. Tiffany Cross. That's right. We'll be out there broadcast again tonight. I forgot who we got on tonight. I think I saw Governor West Moore on the schedule. Maybe Governor Shapiro pop up on us. I'm not sure, but we'll see. Okay. Alright. And when we come back we got Just with the Mess with Lauren La The.


Breakfast. Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast. Club. She don't nobody worldwide. Just worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coach with Lauren. Lauren And. I got the mess. Talk to me. It's Been a crazy morning. It Has. It has. So Janet Jackson, we wanna give a shout out to her. She just announced that she is going to be doing a Vegas residency, another Vegas residency. She had one back in 2019 that actually grossed 20, 20 12 $0.9 million.


But she is doing another one. It will start New Year's Week. First show is December 30th and it's reported not confirmed, but it is reported that she's going to be paid the upward of $13 million for this residency. So if that is true, shout out to her. That's dope. She deserves it all Sis is legend. And then had something to say. No. Okay. Cardi B. So Cardi B has hopped online. Well, Go ahead I, I'm gonna say that I can't wait to go see Janet Jackson's residency in Vegas. I love those residencies in Vegas. Vegas is a great place to go for the weekend. Yep. To have a date night and like You know, going to see those residencies, whether it's Usher, whether it's New Edition, whether it's Janet Jackson If, you was born in 1,970 something. That's our era. Baby Jode. C Jode. I think Jode Wu-Tang did one as well.


Wutang had one. Na well no, I think Nas came out to one of the Wu-Tang shows. I'm not mistaken. Yep. Yeah. Long story short, we lived for those. All your uncles and aunties live for those. Okay. Okay. We do too. Nieces. We live for it too. All right. I like them Elbows too. Ashley Elbow What you over there looking like an elbow? Just Ignore him. Just ignore him. Keep going, Keep going. So Cardi B hopped online. She's been recently addressing a bunch of stuff. Y'all know how Cardi B get, so there was a fan who tweeted and response to a photo she posted of her and her best friend, star Brim. And Star Brim is holding her stomach. You know Cardi B is expecting her new baby will offset. And the fan said that Cardi B is bleaching her skin because she looks really light in the photo. Number one. She has blonde hair, which always makes you a little bit lighter.


Look a little bit lighter. And then there's obviously if flash on them. But Cardi B got on X and she said she's not bleaching while she's pregnant. She asked was the fandom, she said actually her pregnancy is, is kind of taking a toll on her. She's slightly anemic. The baby is sucking the energy outta her body to the point where she's normally pale. Her eyes are sunken, her veins are green. She can't tan under the sun because she gets hot super fast and then she gets dizzy. So she told them to please stop thinking with their, can I say a no? No. Okay. Please stop thinking with the word that I cannot say you Ass. Yeah. Yeah. And then also Cardi B addressed some rumors about a recent home that people were saying was up for sale in Atlanta that her offset owned.


She said, it's not up for sale whatsoever. Let's take a listen to the audio. Not everything that I do is because, oh, I just filed for divorce. The blogs make everything so dramatic. Also, I don't even know why that white girl from TikTok talking about that I'm losing my properties and everything. Like no, like I just moved in my CRI in Jersey And I just signed a very, very big deal. I just signed on the Dotted Inc. A very, very big deal for something that I've been wanting to do for a very long time. So money's good. Money's great over here. Y'all really need to stop listening to that is that is blind items with no receipts. Y'all been making a crazy story about me and this which, and if I ever, if I ever decide to sell like the, well my part of the Atlanta house, if this don't wanna buy it, then I'll put it on sale.


But I don't think y'all be understanding. I don't live in Atlanta. I live here. I live in Jersey. So go ahead. No, I was gonna say You know Claudia is 31. So she's from the generation that grew up on the internet like, like truly grew up on the in internet. But I promise you, yes, y'all don't owe these people explanations for anything. These people are committed to misunderstanding you. They jealous, they envious. They want to say things to piss you off. They want to say things to ruin you day. Y'all don't have to get online and explain nothing to these heathens, but It gotta be a headache. Right. She just bought a a a A crib in in Manhattan. Right. She just posted it and they say, oh she just bought a new crib to move out. She's like, no, I still have my house in Jersey. Right. I just bought one in the city. Like, what's wrong with y'all? Yeah. Sometimes it just feels like she just has to answer.


'cause if not these blogs we running with Anything. And then they were saying like there were like smaller headlines that picked up, which is why it got the TikTok and the girl she's talking about that and the house in Atlanta that she owns with Offset was under foreclosure. They couldn't afford it, blah blah blah. And actually she was saying like, no, it's worth $5 million. Well it was worth 5 million when we bought it and now it's worth seven. So actually we doing good. Like check the receipts please. But I hear what you're saying. But I think with carding, even though it gets a, it gets a little annoying to watch sometimes. Like girl, you don't have to respond to everything. It's why people love her for real though. It's like she's gonna get out there for herself every time. But that's, people know that too. Yeah. Every and that's why they do it. Well they know she gonna respond but Yeah. And then that's Bardy and some more Georgia news. Real quick, I wanted to shout this out because I thought that this was Fire Gunna has his gunna great giveaways and they are teaming up with the Black Music Action Coalition and they're going to be giving families in a certain area of Fulton County, like a certain zip code, a thousand dollars a month for a year.


It's a $500,000 initiative. And you also get like mental health resources and financial literacy resources as well. But it's basically a part of his like challenge to give tangible items to people in his community. Which right now a thousand dollars extra a month can do Wonders for a family. So shout out to That. Yeah, shout out to him for that All. Well that is just with The Mess with Lauren LaRosa. All right, let's get to the mix. To People's Choice Mix. It's The Breakfast, Club. Get your ass up. Morning everybody, it's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is filling in for Jess and we gotta salute to Detroit's own ice wear Zel for joining us this morning. Yes, I'm sure Ice Wear Ezzo gonna have the computer is Puting later.


I'm sure You Know. And also I'm sure people will be talking And also Charlamagne you out at the DNC, right? I am out here at the DNC man I got here yesterday. I'm here broadcasting live along with the Native Land Podcast. Andrew Gillum, Tiffany Cross, and Angela Rye. If, you haven't subscribed to the Native Land podcast. You should. You should. Very informative podcast yesterday we spoke to a lot of people. We spoke to Secretary. Secretary Chuck Schumer, not the secretary, Chuck Sch, Senator Chuck Schumer. We spoke to Governor Gretchen Whitmer. We showed, we spoke to Marsha Fudge, we spoke to Queen Maxine Waters. And so You know we played a couple of those for you last hour.


The rest of it is up on a Native Land podcast YouTube page as well as Breakfast Club YouTube page. But I'll be here tonight too, to watch the Vice President Kamala Harris. Pressure is on, but I think she's gonna rise to the occasion. In, in, in, in a real way. And I. Think You know the fact that she hasn't done no interviews in the last few, few weeks. It's gonna have a lot of people tuned in tonight. So I hope she focuses a lot on policy. 'cause that's one thing that a lot of people have been saying. They haven't felt like they've heard enough about this week at the DNC People's You know policy positions. And she's the person running for president. So I hope she really lays out a great case for America to wanna support her in November.


All Right, well tune in tonight and when we come back we have the positive note. It's The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's the EJ Envy. Jess LAIs. Charlamagne, the guy we are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa is filling in for Jess. Yes sir. And who we have on the line. This is Tez Tez. What's up? You called us up and you said you needed some bread, some money. If. you win this money. What you do with the money, Man, I'm finna spread it off for a couple things, man. First and foremost, my girl starting her second semester nursing school. Gotta get her books and her equipment with that. We got a 10 year anniversary coming up and take her out to do something nice and hey, Okay bro, congratulations. You won that thousand dollars, bro. Hey man, I can't believe I'm really on the phone with y'all right now, which is Great.


That's part of The Breakfast Club Daily Bread. So congratulations. Now If, you wanna enter, just hit up The Breakfast Club dot iheart.com and is sponsored by self. And we appreciate you, brother. Good luck with all, with everything that you're doing with that bread. Congratulations on nursing school today.


Thanks. Thanks. I also, we gotta send a birthday. Shout out to Vicki who works up here with us. Abby Vicki baby. Alright, Snoop V Man. It's good people right there. That's right. And you got a positive note. I do. The positive note is simply this, we can't be afraid of change. All right? You may feel very secure in the pond that you are in, but If, you never venture out of it. You will never know that there is such a thing as an ocean. All right? So don't be afraid to change. Have a blessed day Breakfast Club bitches. You finished or y'all done?


Hey, hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist, baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrence Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on now, back to the Funk.