
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent All-Wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions,


piece Of the planet Charlemagne Godhead.


And I want you to know from Curtis 50 cent Jackson and the executive producers of Power comes the explosive new season of the Stars original series Raising Canaan. In the riveting fourth season, slates have seemingly been wiped clean for Canaan Rock and the rest of the Thomas family. However, in the eye of the storm one very dangerous obstacle, looms large, unique is alive. Unique makes a volatile and violent return as he hunched to upend the lives of the Thomas family. Don't miss the season from Mayor Raising Canaan March 7th, only on Stars In the Stars app.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


On a serious note, I'm still thinking about that one commercial with Tom Brady and Snoop Dogg. The one where they're hating on each other, but when you actually hear them, the reasons for hating someone or something are just stupid. That commercial stuck with me. There's so much hate in this country and it's got to stop. So join us at iHeart and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out. You can learn more by following at what's up with hate. Good morning. USA. Yo Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo Yo. Welcome back to Rios. Good morning. Charlemagne The guy. Peace to the planet. Guess what day it is? Guess what day it is? Home Day.


Good morning. How y'all feeling out there? I feel blessed. Black and Holly favor. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What's happening? Good morning. Just hilarious. Back from vacate. How You feeling? I got me a little tan. I got a little darker. I was like, oh God. Three days pregnant. Don't even know it Yet. Absolutely not. Don't play. I'm not pregnant, yo. I'm not. So where'd you go? We went to Cancun, Mexico. Oh, you went to Mexico? Yes, absolutely. Yo, home. Listen, you said home. Why? I didn't. It's not my home. Yo, why didn't I know that? The, the pineapples, there's like, that's like a little, a little stem symbol for swingers. Yes. Had no idea. Huh? I swear I did not know that. Yeah, that's what You mean. That's like the logo. So like, If you have a pineapple or you wear a pineapple or you have a pineapple, a Own Get Trump.


I'm just explaining guy Here. Boy. See, obviously he know about it. I did. I didn't know. So Chris, Somebody tried me before. That's why I know. Yeah. We been, we was getting tried the whole four days we were there and we went to a beautiful resort. It was nice. How many Days did he make the pineapple shorts? He, He only, he had, he wore 'em for one day. But they knew like they Seen it. They memorized it. Yes. Yes. So if you wear pineapples short, all the white couples just in Mexico. I don No, no, no. I think it's adult only. All the adult only inclusive resorts. Oh, see, I was that an adult only inclusive? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. If you wear pineapples, people think you a swinger. It's a yes. A sign Swinging. Like you were into swinging. You're into Never knew that. Doing the dude with the older white couples. Now you about to have me Google. And they Was, they was, you know, people do it. It's like a sport.


Yes. It's like a whole thing. People pay for it. They, they scout you out on the, at the pool, on the beach, Wherever. And they love black Couples. And they love black couples. Yes. They said upside down. Told 'em I old Mexican. He said, I, Chris had, Chris told him like, oh yeah, I'm, I'm Mexican and black. They just was like, oh yeah, this a, this is a, a great special right here. Hybrid. A hybrid. A hybrid. Yeah. The best of both worlds. I said, look, I ain't in all that Happened to me too. I something very similar. Pineapple shorts, bathing suit, because I guess they sell 'em a lot. Yes. And purposely that happened And I didn't understand why. Right. And then when I got back home, somebody explained to me, And I said, wow. Whole Time. Why was it just male couples for you though? But oh my God. Oh my God.


Oh my God. Is there a reason for that? I'm sexy to everybody. I don't. I don. Right. Doesn't Matter. Right. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Shoot all the pineapple swingers out there. Yeah. Yeah. Who Knew? We gotta get charlamagne some pineapple shorts. Mm. I'm glad you had a good time. Thank you. I appreciate That. All right. Now we got some special guests joining us this morning. We do, man. It feel like Atlanta's heavy, this heavy here this morning From Real Housewives of Atlanta. We have Pia Williams. She'll be joining us. Yes. This is the 16th season of Real Housewives of Atlanta. Now I'm gonna send you the first episode you need to watch. It's real. Okay. It's crazy. Really good. Really good. Really good. I'm, and then also Dr. Jamal. Bryan. He's from your side of town. Pastor Jamal Bryan. Absolutely. Pastor Jamal Bryan From Baltimore, Maryland.


Actually, that's right. S right, he's doing the 40 day Lent fast of Target, But he in, he in Atlanta right now too. Right. That's What I'm, why do I connect Pastor Jamal with Atlanta? Because it's church. It's congregations in Atlanta. But, but he's from Baltimore. Yeah, But he lived down, they've been living, living down there for a while. He don't say church pew though. No, no, no, no. Nah, no. Nah. He, he don't, that's everybody. Don't talk with the eew. You know what I'm saying? That's just, that's just like two or three maybe generations. Everybody don't eat. Don't e all. Well, let's get the show cracking. Did y'all watch Trump last night? I Did. It was long. He wasn't supposed to. I thought we were supposed to be boycotting or Who, who said that? You know. Nah, but you know what's crazy at that? He left Emini here at he, he was done. He left. He ain't even wait for the Democrats to respond.


Like it was crazy. Just got outta Dodge. So that's When everybody, and then it was late. It was too late. It was like 11 o'clock. He was talking for a long time. It was the longest state of the union ever. So I, I was Like, man, he was talking a long time. Longest State the union ever. It was 99 minutes, I think they said. Yeah. All right, well, we'll break that down when we come back with Morgan. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Start off with some quick sports. Congratulations to LeBron. It becomes the first NBA player to score 50,000 combined points. That's regular season and playoffs. So congratulations to him. Go Salute LeBron man. Third best, NBA player of all time dropping on the food bond for.


Yeah, that'll be a big argument. I'm also Kyrie Irving. Kyrie Irving has torn his ACL. He's gonna be out for the remainder of the season. And congratulations to Saquon Barkley. He signed a two year $41.2 million contract extension with the Eagles. That's a big deal for Rie Irvin, by the way, Emini here, that, you know, some people say that could be a career ending injury. Yeah. I say he's 32 years old. I think he could, he could bounce back, but it's gonna be a long time. And the ca the Mavericks only had a two, three year window. Yeah, By the way, yeah. Because Anthony Davis is injured, he's injured, And I don't know how Clay Thompson has been playing recently. So we'll see. Well, good morning, Morgan. Good morning. DJ Envy, char, Rene, God and Jess.


Hilarious. Y'all doing all right? Yeah. Yes. Oh, y'all tired. 'cause y'all stayed up watching that. I did. It felt like a Western conference, basketball game. It was very late. I watched it and then coming off of a plane from vacation. Yes. Tired. You are like, I need another vacation. Okay, let me disclaim by saying that there's no way I'm gonna get to it all. Okay. But I'm gonna try my best, y'all. All right. So President Trump touted his leadership and plans for the US and the longest address ever to a joint session of Congress. Trump said, since he was sworn in six weeks ago, there has been nothing but swift and unrelenting action. He went on to say his administration has accomplished more in 43 days than the o than others have accomplished in four years or eight years. During his joint address to Congress, he spoke about DEI, immigration, the economy, border security, the budget, tariffs, doge, the Ukraine, Russian War energy.


And he also slammed the Biden administration saying he inherited an economic catastrophe and an inflation nightmare. Let's take a listen to President Trump's comments on the economy. Their policies drove up, energy prices, pushed up grocery costs, and drove the necessities of life out of reach for millions and millions of Americans. If not never had anything like it. As president, I'm fighting every day to reverse this damage and make America affordable again. What do you guys think About what? Just overall, the whole speech or just Emini here. E economy. You know, Emini here.


It's too early to tell Emini here. There's a lot of, he's, he's done a lot of things. Well, I'll Just say this. During his speech, he did speak about the budget saying that the gold card will help with the federal budget and o overall economy. He said the Gold Card will be sold for $5 million. Remember, this is the one that is allowing a pathway to citizenship and will allow most successful job creating people from all over The World to get a path to US citizenship. Trump said the gold car recipients will pay a lot of money, and that will help reduce the national debt. He also defended his use of tariffs that went into effect yesterday against Mexico, Canada, and China, saying there will be more tariffs on April 2nd. Let's take a listen to Trump's comments on tariffs. Tariffs are not just about protecting American jobs.


They're about protecting the soul of our country. Tariffs are about making America rich again and making America great again. And it's happening, and it will happen rather quickly. There'll be a little disturbance, but we're okay with that. Who Said that? Oh, that Mercy. Who said, okay. A little disturbance. But as a result, Trump says that he does love American farmers and the tariffs will help them adding, he'll place reciprocal tariffs on agricultural products coming into America. Starting on April 2nd. And I, Trump also talked about the Ukraine, Russian War, he said he's, he's working tirelessly speaking to both sides in negotiations to end that conflict. He mentioned that he received a letter from Ukrainian President Zelensky saying that Zelensky is actually willing to negotiate as soon as possible.


So let's take a listen to those comments. It's time to stop this madness. It's time to halt the killing. It's time to end the senseless war. If you wanna end wars, you have to talk to both sides. Earlier today, I received an important letter from President Zelensky of Ukraine. The letter reads, Ukraine is ready to come to the negotiating table as soon as possible. Yep. So of course this comes as Trump, he's, you know, he's critical of or criticizes the fact that the US has sent hun billions of dollars in support to Ukraine's defense. But that, I'm gonna wrap that up for 6:00 AM at 7:00 AM We can continue and talk a little bit about DEI and some of the drama that happened on the house floor.


The only thing I kept thinking last night was, I really don't know what Democrats do like Emini here. What do you mean? They, they clearly lost a long time ago, back in November. But just as a party, it's like Republicans and Democrats aren't even playing the same game. They not in the same league. Like they aren't speaking the same language. And I don't know what Democrats can do to cut through Emini here. They, they, they, and my, my my other thought was a lot of them honestly shouldn't have shown up if they weren't going to be more disruptive. Like salute the Congressman Al Green OG got some nuts. You know what I'm saying? Meanwhile, the rest of them out there holding up signs like they had a silent auction. So I, I, I just, I just don't know. I, I don't, I don't know what they do because Trump can stand up there and, you know, say whatever he wants tell a lot of lies.


But nobody cares. Because if you're a Democrat, you think Republicans are always lying. If you're a Republican, you think Democrats are always lying. So nobody is listening objectively. But at this point, Americans are just gonna have to let things play out. But, but when the inevitable fumble from Republicans come, I just don't know if Democrats have the team to recover. So the team that will always win will be the team that has a game plan, regardless of how terrible that team's policies may be for the American people. I guess, was it effective? Like, everything that was done, was it effective? What Trump last night? No, Not Trump. The Democrats and everything that they did. The silent, not the silent auction, but holding up the signs and Exactly. All that. I wonder if it was effective, you know? No. Alright, well, we'll talk more next hour.


Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, phone lines are wide open again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. It's the bas it's the, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. It's the basketball club. It's the basketball Club. Breakfast club. It's a new day. This is your time to get it off your chest. Wait, wake up. Whether you're mad or blessed, it's Time to get up and get something. Call up Now. Eight five eight five one oh five one. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. What's your name, brother. This is Jason from the BMV. Good morning. DJ M Charlamagne. And think Lauren today. Jess. Hilarious as hell. What's up?


Oh, Jess. Yep. Yep. Welcome. Welcome back Justin. Hope your vacation went well. Thank You. Love it. Did appreciate that. Yeah, I wasn't talking about last night. Of course it was entertaining. I went to sleep after about an hour and 40 minutes. But I think you made some strong points. But the main thing is the nation is still on divide. So I think like Charlamagne said, with the federal situation, you made some good points. Like little it fact check that some social security members are over 240 and things like that. That's not true. No. Okay. Yeah. That's just not true. But yeah. Yeah. That was hilarious. But, and then the Democrats sitting down, which was expected. It's just a de divide that I don't like. But Trump's shown like a, like that strong side of him.


I think it's what people expect, but it's just like you said, where you go about it. But it was entertaining. The comedy show was good. I tell you when I tell you when, I'll tell you when Trump got me, when I was just like, damn. When he said, he said, when I got shot at in Butler and God sped my life, he sped my life so I can make America great again. I was like, damn. He might be right. Shut up, man. He did, because I'm just like, Emini here. He did get shot at and he did, he did live like the bullet just missed him. Emini here. He's here. He's clearly here for a reason. I don't know what that reason is. He Got, he got me when he, when when the little black boy, he said he only had four months to live and he said he had five years and made the man that made the young man a special agent.


They should have brushed that little boy hair though. He Didn't have no hair. He had, obviously He did have Hair. Well he had little patches, but Because he had brain cancer. Yeah, it was complication. Yeah. Yeah. You right brush his Head. You know what? Hello? Who's This? Hey, this is Walt baby. Love from Bridgeport, Connecticut. Hey, what's up brother? Get it off your chest. Hey listen, I just, I got through two days in a row. It's a miracle. God is definitely good. I just had to call back when I knew that. Just hilarious. Was back on the show this morning And I tried to call you And I got through. Jeff, you were missed. I'm one of your biggest fans. I will start looking at the autobiography, but I'm from Bridgeport, Connecticut And I wanna welcome you back to The Breakfast Club and wish you nothing but success.


Hey Bridgeport, thank you so much. I appreciate that. You Are welcome. Have a good Day. You too, baby. All Righty brother. How many times Jess gonna get Welcome back to The Breakfast Club. Jess. Jess, how many times you gonna get welcome back? She was on vacation as I leave. I don know. Anytime. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Keep calling 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? Hey, what's up Emmy? This is Dre. Hey, what's up Dre? Get it off your chest, brother. Hey listen man, I'm gonna get to on my, this is more so for Charlamagne man.


Okay. Hey listen, I, I know that you come out very strong, right? You are very strong when you think Republicans do something disrespectful. But when the Democrats do something disrespectful, you don't got nothing to say. I think it was very disrespectful, right? That regardless of how they feel about Trump, when they were celebrating that, that little boy from Texas and the police officers and family, them, them, them people that got killed and everyone was, was basically the tension was for them. Nobody stood up. You don't think that was disrespectful? I think Democrats definitely should have, they definitely should have applauded that like, you know, you can't, you can't be so against another party that, you know, you don't applaud basics.


Things like that. Like Yeah, I do think that was, I don't, yeah, I think it was disrespectful. I don't know. I don't know if disrespectful is the word I would use, but I think that they should have definitely applauded it. Yep. Or at Least disrespect. They applaud Word. They applauded it, but they didn't stand up. Nah, I, I I'm so, I, the the, the camera I watched, they sat right down. They didn't applaud anything man. No, they applauded that because I remember even when El I forgot what, I forgot what Elizabeth Warren was applauding, but remember p President Trump was like, even Pocahontas likes it. Well that's one thing. That's the one part of it. But the whole collective sat down and did nothing at all. 'cause they hated Trump. But hey, you're, you're totally wrong because you know what's so funny?


Whenever I criticize democrats, Democrats call in sounding like you do. And whenever I criticize Republicans, Republicans call and sounding like you do. And that's why I said we can never be objective. Because if a Republican says something, Democrats automatically say it's a lie. If Democrats say something to Republicans automatically say it's a lie. Nobody can ever be objective and just call it down the middle. I sure it's the way you say it though. When you criticize Democrat, you call 'em stupid because they think Republican is winning and it's getting away with stuff that's not criticism. That's not criticism. You don't listen. It's The way you say it. You don't listen to me enough. Then you should listen more. Alright man, have a Good one brother. Alright, you too. Hello. Who's this? This is Marshall. What's up brother? Get it off of your chest. So I watched the watch President Trump last night and the thing he said about he was gonna do for the farmers, no matter what he do for the farmers, ain't nobody to work the farm land.


He getting rid of all they they work workers. Y'all gonna have robots. What he Gonna do for The robots going, Elon's robots gonna be out there in a minute. Uncle Charla, no robots gonna be out there. Elon's robot. Elon robot gonna be right there in South Carolina. Man. What you talking about? Hey, you might be right though. This is a good point you, but how much on robots gonna cost the American people to make? I have no idea. He Not gonna get rich. He definitely is. But The place you gonna go right, right through the roof. The dims need some younger blood in they man because they, they cowards Man. I'm a you not lying. Like I can't even sit here and sit here and tell you that you lying. I I, I literally watched that speech last night And I said to myself, I don't know what Democrats do.


I feel like they shouldn't have shown up if they weren't gonna be more disruptive. That's all I kept thinking. I'm like, God dang, they such suckers. They hold. Yeah, They, they, they, they soft man. They hold up signs like they had a silent auction. Like they don't want nobody to know what they bidding on. And then the signs they need to Say when Obama up there, when Obama was up there, the folks was you lying. Joe Wilson, Joe Stock, Carolina Disruptive Congress and everything. Yeah. Joe Wilson, the congressman from South Carolina, LA la When Marjorie Taylor Greene going at Biden, like, if you gonna be disruptive, be disruptive, man. Like them signs one shine said, I thought it said must stinks, but it said must steals Mu it said yeah must. And then the other one just said said false.


They're false. It must said liar. And another one said, did you pay your taxes? Something like that. When Congressman Al Green got kicked out, all of them should have started been a disruptive and and they all should have got kicked out. Like they, they just don't act like it's a real issue. Right. You understand what I'm saying? They just act like they're mad. Like are you, like they don't act like things are as bad as they ever say it is. Right? Like it's just, I don't know Man. Well get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We got rumors coming up. Yeah. So I know Morgan got into the, the Trump and the State of the Union and front page news, but we gonna break down the Zeus network part of It. Alright, we'll get to that Zeus network, The state, The union man.


Nah, it was given bad's West last night up in there. Alright, we'll get into it when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Good morning. And let's get to the Rumors Worldwide Mess on The Breakfast Club. She's the Lauren. Lauren LaRosa And I got the mess. Talk to me. So did it or did it not get a little ghetto at the state of Union last night? I think It was ghetto from the time that it started. And I know, I know Morgan talked a bit about this, but I wanted to talk about it.


She was giving more policy. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. You know what Emini here? Yeah, a hundred percent. Which is, you know what Emini here, that's what we do in the front page news. But over here I wanted to talk about some things that the, like some conversations that sparked from last night. So first, I know I mentioned, I heard you guys talking a little bit about DJ Daniel. He was a 13-year-old kid, little boy. Yeah. That was given a secret service clearance last night during the City Union address. I take a listen to that. Joining us at the gallery tonight is a young man who truly loves our police. His name is DJ Daniel. He is 13 years old and he has always dreamed of becoming a police officer. But in 2018, DJ was diagnosed with brain cancer.


The doctors gave him five months at most to live. That was more than six years ago. And tonight, DJ, we're going to do you the biggest honor of them all. I am asking our new secret service director Sean Curran, to officially make you an agent of the United States Secret Service. That was was a great moment. That was dope. Was And then it was like Rafiki holding up symbol. Remember? Picked him up and held him up. He kept Him up. His father picked him up. Yeah. Excited. DJJ held up the badge. And when he first, when Trump announced it, DJ's fist was looking like for real Happening. He said, damn. He said, damn, damn, damn For real boy up like that though. He Kept no, he did it a couple times, was like Big boy, We saw him.


Yeah. But he's excited. And then he hugged the agent. He he asked the agent, can I hug you? It looked like we hugged the agent. He was really happy, man. He hugged Sean Kern. I thought I was like, oh, like I literally said, oh. And I'm like, I, there's no way that anything like this can be made bad at all. And then you, It was an effective stunt. It was so effective. Right. But then you had people I arguing, okay, this was, this was race baiting. This little black boy shouldn't have been used as a prop. And I'm like, are y'all like he's black. I don't whatever. He's a person of color obviously. So I don't know his Not African American ethnic African American guarantee. But when I, when I saw His hair was nappy Head was not nappy at all. It wasn't He was black. The dad, you think he was black? His dad black. His dad was black. His dad was on the, I don't know if that was his dad, but yeah.


Like that was, I just don't think little boy black wasn't me. It was patchy, but it wasn't nappy. Well, it was very Effective stunt. Yes. That's, that's my point. So what I'm saying, the point of me and mentioning is not only was it a good moment, but I think it made people, And I, I think to Trump's like what they were trying to do. And he is so good at what he does and he does it so subtly. It made people start arguing about all the wrong stuff. I'm like, how are y'all upset? That's, he's a master at it. Yeah. How are y'all upset that this little book, this is one of his dreams. He wanted to be a police officer. You know what Emini here, But why don't we call it a stunt? Like he might've really wanted to do that. That might not have been a stunt because he he's definitely a stunt. A stunt. They do it on both sides too. Don't get me wrong at the Senator Union. Do it on both Sides. Yeah. A stunt makes you feel like it wasn't, it wasn't hard. It wasn't hard coming from heart or something with some type of different intent.


That's right. Yeah. Was get that boy a Wish. You know what he did it it for this, for us to be having this conversation right here. It's effective. That's why it's a Stunt. Well, there Was a few of those he did yesterday. The the trans one, was That a stunt? Which one? Absolutely Not. That was very much, was a valuable, He was about it. It was a good moment that identified as a stunt. Okay, well, so here's the, here's one of the, the conversation that I was wanted to get into about this as well is like, y'all are arguing about that. But the realty here is that if we have a conversation about some of the stuff that Trump has been dismantling some of the efforts to find cures for cancer and other daily disorders and diseases is on that list. But you're giving this little boy this badge and you're wanting him to have this full life, but you're not help, you no longer wanna help him figure out the reason why he's been able to be here this long despite what Dr.


Said to him. So I thought that, I'm like, wow, that went over people's head. I don I don't know how, but it did. And then I know we talked a little about the resistance and what people, or tried to talk about the resistance and what people should have been doing or whatever. I do wanna, you know, it was very subtle. It was only a few of them. But I know Jasmine Crockett walked out yesterday. Rep Ayana Presley walked out yesterday and there were a few other reps that walked out. And Jasmine Crockett actually was interviewed about what she would tell Trump last night. Let's take a listen to this. If you could tell a sequel, if you could tell Donald Trump Anything tonight, what would you tell him? I would tell him to grow a spine and Stop being Putin's Hoe Damn Jesus. Right. Drop on a cruise. My pajab. And I thought That that was a great moment as well too.


That I, people tried. They, I Didn't, that was better than the whole Democratic rebuttal that they had. That woman, I don't know who that freshman senator was. That was better. The whole democratic Rebutt. She Even came on. I didn't even know she came on. Yeah, I didn't know. She came on. And the group of women that were with Jasmine Crockett that walked out there were like four, the five other senators. They all had on the good trouble t-shirts as well too. And then Jasmine Crockett did the they, the, the Super Bowl Kendrick Lamar. Yeah. The little Super Bowl. Kendrick Lamar ski for TikTok. We don't need all that. We don't need all of this because it's two women. They, they didn't have the rhythm that wasn't on beat. No, that was off. Like, you know, I Jesus, Y'all the people, they they tried last night. They tried, no, we don't Need that. We don't need that. I also, y'all saw the moment where Trump, in the beginning Trump was talking about Melania working with foster care and in the pan to her and she smiled.


That was my first time ever her seeing her. She lost her husband. What? Yeah. I was like, this is her first, my me and my me moment. Like, okay. But I wanted to also go into now, 'cause Elon Musk was a topic of conversation online last night as well. Because Trump introduced him as the person that was heading Doge and like all those efforts. But he said before that Elon wasn't that person in Court. They say something totally different. Exactly. But yesterday online, Elon was viral because he retweeted something that, this is crazy. Yes. It was very crazy. He retweeted something that Ben Shapiro said about George Floyd. Let's take a listen to what Ben Shapiro said. If We are issuing pardons, there is one person that President Trump should pardon from federal charges forth with that person is Derek Chauvin. The inciting event for the BLM riots that caused $2 billion in property damage in the United States and set America's race relations on their worst footing in my lifetime, was in fact the railroading of Derek Chauvin in the death of George Floyd.


The evidence demonstrates Derek Chauvin did not in fact commit murder of George Floyd. George Floyd was high on fentanyl. He had a significant pre-existing heart condition. George Floyd was saying he could not breathe before he was even out of the car. Derek Chauvin, for large segments of even the tape that was shown, had his knee on George Floyd's shoulder or back, not on his neck. The autopsy of George Floyd showed that he had no damage to his trachea. That probably George Floyd died of excited delirium. And who was Ben Shapiro? For people that don't know, Ben Shapiro is a, he's a, he's a pundit. He's a a conservative pundit. He has a a big, he is a big platform. People do listen to him. But I wanna correct His own podcast. He writes for the Newsweek, the Ben Shapiro show.


Just for people that don't know, he's an attorney that don't know who he is. Ben Shapiro's A big Deal. Yes. And I want Go ahead. Oh, I wanna correct first of all, George Floyd, the the autopsy report that came out that he's referring to concluded that George Floyd died from


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Charlemagne tha God here. And I want you to know from Curtis 50 cent Jackson and the executive producers of Power, the hit Star's original series, raising Canaan is coming back The new season of the Family Crime drama continues the origin story of fan favorite Canaan Stark, originally played by 50 cent in the flagship series Power as he delves further into his evolution from a devoted son into the ruthless villain that fans have known and loved from the jump. This is a transformative season for Canaan that you won't wanna miss the new season of Raising Canaan Premiers March 7th, only on Stars in the Stars app.


Have you seen this new commercial from standup to all Hate? It's Snoop Dogg and Tom Brady spewing hate at each other. But when you really listen to them, the reasons are just so stupid. This one really stopped me. It's a strong reminder that hate in our country continues to be out of control. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it, if you see hate speak up, call it out and learn more by following at what's up with


hate. At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah. Don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table at and t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details


From a cardiopulmonary pulmonary arrest from the knee that was to his neck in the amount of time that it was there. Not an overdose. There was things that came up in the autopsy report that he's referring to, but that it was not determined. George Floyd's, the reason why George Floyd passed away. So I did wanna correct that, but Elon Musk retweeted this and he said this is something we should consider. And I thought that that too because that was a huge conversation during, during the State of the Union, people were online arguing about this. You had all set, chime in, chiming in, and he was upset as he should be. He called Elon racist. People were responding to him like driver ferry not a Tesla then. But again, I'm like, That's a Distraction. The timing is kind of crazy. Right? It's a distraction. It it, it's, it's part of the economy of en engagement through en arrangement.


Yes. He knows that's gonna piss everybody off. He knows that's gonna get everybody talking. That's a distraction. Like, come On. And it's hard to steer away from because it's like, it's like watching Baddies West's. Like you don't know why you're so entertained, but you're just watching all this stuff. Yeah, but it was, it was crazy yesterday online. So did you Read, did you reach out to Bancroft? I did reach out to Crot. I, he has not gotten back to me yet. Okay. But I did because he represents a lot of the Floyd family members. That's why I asked him from Phile Floyd, who is George Floyd's brother. So I did reach out to just see if they even care, but he didn't respond and normally does. And maybe he doesn't wanna even give this anymore light. I wouldn't be mad. I don't even give it no energy. Yeah. Alright. That's all for me. All right, well that is the rumor. Thank you Lauren. Thank you Jess. Thank you Lauren. All right. When we come back, we got front page news and then Pia Williams will be joining us. Of course, real Housewives of Atlanta comes back this Sunday season 16.


And Porsche's back. So we'll talk to in a little bit. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody is DJ and the just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get back in some front page news. Now congratulations to LeBron James. He becomes the first to score 50,000 combined points in the NBA regular season and playoffs. So congratulations to LeBron Broun. LeBron. Now also, well, not LeBron. LeBron. LeBron. LeBron James. LeBron James. Yep. And also, congratulations to Sequan Barkley. He signed a two year $41.2 million contract extension. That's That. Y'all, you just want me the Super Bowl one? Yep. That, that makes him the highest paid running back in NFL history and the giant just gave that away.


Anyway. What's up Morgan? Hey. And V you mad about it or no? Yes. Well he wouldn't have got that money with the Giants 'cause he wouldn't have had the season he had last year with the New York Giants. So God, you know, works in mysterious ways or does God work in mysterious ways? I don't think God is mysterious at all. I think it's quite plain. Well, tell me how plain last night was in this President's joint address. So the conversation does continue regarding President Trump's joint address to Congress. Trump touted going after diversity, equity and inclusion hiring practice on a federal level. He describes his changes as a common sense revolution. Let's hear those comments from President Trump. In regards to de And I.


We've ended the tyranny of so-called diversity, equity, and inclusion policies all across the entire federal government and indeed the private sector and our military. What I have just described is only a small fraction of the common sense revolution that is now because of us sweeping the entire world, common sense has become a common theme and we will never go back. Ooh. Was that a shot throne? We not going back. Okay. Anyways. Maybe, maybe I, I'm the only one that heard that. But he then talked about his efforts to end federal funding for schools that allow transgender women to compete in women's sports. He also said that he ended Biden Administration's electric man vehicle mandate as well.


There was some drama on the house floor. Representative Al Green, he, you know, stood up in protest. He was removed for that protest. A Texas Democrat refused to sit down during the speech and was yelling something at Trump before he was escorted out. Now Republicans tried to calm him down or drown him out by yelling U-S-A-U-S-A. So let's hear how speaker Mike Johnson's call to order when that whole incident took place. Mr. Green, take your seat. Take your seat sir. Finding that members continue to engage in willful and concerted disruption of property decorum. The chair now directs the sergeant at Arms to restore order. Remove this gentleman from the chamber.


Hmm. Hey man. Salute, salute. The Congressman OG Green And I respect it. Emini here. That's the kind of stuff Democrats historically never do. You know, we saw Congressman Joe Wilson do it to Obama back in the day when he yelled, you lied. We saw Marjorie Taylor Green do it to Biden. So I don I don't mind that kind of disruption. You know, I actually wish that, you know, the Democrats would've been more disruptive. I didn't know you could kick people out for that though. That was oh, oh, Oh, oh. Yeah. There are all kinds of rules on Capitol Hill. Congressman Green, he lit later, talked to reporters about that incident. He's saying in his words, no mandate to cut Medicaid. So let's hear from Representative Al Green about, from his side, about what happened in that incident. I have people who are very fearful.


These are poor people and they have only Medicaid in their lives when it comes to their healthcare. And I want him to know that his budget calls for deep cuts in Medicaid. We need to raise the cap on social security. There's a possibility that it's going to be hurt and we gotta protect Medicare. I I believe I I I agree with him a hundred percent. He gotta protect Medicare. But I believe Democrats really dropped the ball there to make more of a statement. Because, you know, Al Green is an old man. He got a cane. He looked like the old dude from New Jack City, you know, screaming at, screaming at Nino Brown. Like, I feel like when he stood up and you know, he, he, he was disruptive and he made that noise. More democrats, you know, should have stood up with him. 'cause they can't kick everybody out.


Right. It's easy to, to remove one older gentleman than it is to remove a whole bunch of people. And I think that they should have, you know, they should have stood up with 'em instead of just holding up them signs looking like they had a silent auction. Hmm. United, we stand the numbers. That's a good point. Alright. So, you know, You, what they shoulda did, they shoulda have had federal workers who got fired who were MAGA there. And they should have let them wear their MAGA apparel. And they should have let them stand up and, you know, be disruptive about losing their jobs. Okay, next time, you know, maybe you need to head to Capitol Hill strongly. No, I don know. Speaking of the Dems response though, Senator Alyssa Slotkin, she says Americans want change, but it has to be done in a responsible way and not recklessly.


They had a response. Yes. The Democrats responded. What Time they came on? One o'clock in the morning, 1130. Pretty much about, about 1230 for sure. Yeah. So the Michigan Senator said the re said remarks, excuse me, made remarks while delivering the Democratic response to President Trump's address to the joint session of Congress. Now, slackin said that Trump talked a big game about the economy during his speech. But she urged Americans to read the fine print. She also took aim at Elon Musk and what she called the mindless firing of critical federal workers. Let's hear more from Alyssa Slackin. Most Americans share three core beliefs that the middle class is the engine of our country. That strong national security protects us from harm.


And that our democracy, no matter how messy, is unparalleled and worth fighting for the mindless firing of people who work to protect our nuclear weapons, keep our planes from crashing and conduct the research that finds the cure for cancer, only to rehire them two days later. No, CEO in America could do that without being summarily fired. She's not wrong about that. But the freshman senator called Trump's confrontational meaning with Ukrainian President Zelensky a spectacle and a bad episode of reality TV that summed up Trump's whole approach to The World. So Yeah, but you know what? That that's what they need. 'cause I don't even know who heard the Democrats rebuttal. I never even heard of that woman in my life. What's her name? Her name is Alyssa Slotkin and she is a freshman senator.


And she said, that's okay. That's how she opened her speech. That her response, she's like, it's okay if y'all don't know who I am. And she introduced herself. No, that's not okay if like, where's a OC at? Where's Jasmine Crockett? Where's somebody that, where's Ayanna Presley? Where's some, where's the person that folks are going to actually hear Jasmine Wasn't at Jasmine Crockett. Jasmine. Jasmine. Yeah. She, yeah, she was, she walked out. She was up there doing TikTok. Yeah, she, she Took TikTok. She did the little Kenrick thing. TikTok Here. Yeah, she walked out. But, but that's what Emini here, when I say Democrats don't do anything, that cuts through. So only thing I can say is, man, Americans have to just let everything play out. Like, you know, in a way you can't react to everything that the Trump administration does. You just gotta protect what you can, prevent what you can. And they need to be coming up with a plan for the future. Like, what is Democrats Project 2028?


No. Now I, I I was still a little confused. The boycott was, we did not want to hear what Trump was doing in the next couple of months. What Boycott? Well, well I thought it was boycotting Target. Ain't that what Pastor Jam Obama for? Okay, Well, well the fact that we did not want to watch, we Wasn't supposed to watch that. Oh, you talking about the State of the Union thing next? We weren't supposed to watch the State of the Union. All of them did. Yes. I think that they were just creating alternative programming. So if you're a person who wants accurate information, if you're a person who, you know, didn't wanna sit up there and listen to Trump Live for 90 minutes, they were just giving you alternative Programming to get facts. Okay. That's what I believe that was for. Alright. I just wasn't sure. Alright, So that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, follow me on social at Morgan Media. And for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network.


Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us at BIN news.com. Alright. Alright, well thank you Morgan. Now when we come back from Real Housewives of Atlanta, Portia Williams will be joining us. She's capital P. So, so it's no, no more. It's no more it, it's done. No more Di Okay. What you his name Goia? Yes. Yeah, no more because I know he gone, but I didn't know if the last name is gone. It is official. Everything is done. So now she back to Williams. Yes. Okay, perfect. And we gonna talk to her next It don't move it The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. And we got a special guest in the building. Capital Pasha is back.


Portia Williams. Welcome. What's good? How you feeling? I'm Feeling good. I was just saying I love you. Oh, I, I Love you the show. Love you. Why is her name Lauren? Like your sister? Yes. I love me a good Lauren. Lauren. Lauren. Yes. Lauren's are Special people. They really are. I was just saying this morning how many I have. My assistant is Lauren. Lauren. We have another PHUs Lauren. It's just Lauren's everywhere. Lauren's everywhere. You look Rich. Thank. Thank you. You Giving money, giving Rich honey. The spirit Is giving Rich thank back on Housewives. Yes. Who would've thought three Years away from the show and now I'm back. It's really exciting to be honest with you. So what Now though? Because you get a lot of money, Portia, it's not like you need to be on Real Housewives of Atlanta.


I, God Has, you know what it's, God has really been good to me three years away from reality Tv. Me. I know nobody, nobody getting money. God has been good to me. Really good to me. Okay. In spite off. But no, you know, I have a certain relationship with my fans. I've been doing a show for 10 years and they're really not fans. I call them supporters because they've been with me through everything. A divorce, giving birth to Pilar on tv, like ups and downs of life. And so, you know, I really felt like at the time it was gonna be great to share my life, my happily married life, you know? But I, one thing about me and my fans do respect, I'm transparent. So even though it didn't turn out the story that I wanted to share, right.


I still was open with what I had. Let's, let's, I want to know, let's start with the divorce, right? Oh, let's do people automatically. Right. People assumed top of the morning, people assumed it was infidelity. But you know, in the first episode you talk about you would go to the airport and you would always get pulled to the side and you got to the point you was like, why the hell do we keep getting pulled to the side? Right, Right, right. What did He call ice on son? No, no. It doesn't benefit me at all for him to be locked up mentally and financially. It doesn't benefit me. You know, just because you're going through a divorce doesn't mean you hate someone. I hate actions, I hate lies. I hate a lot of characteristics. But I love the person, you know, And I would never wish harm on anybody. And at the end of the day, I know that he's the type of person, he's a slithering snake.


He's gonna find his way out of it. I'm sure he'll be fine. Dang. You know? And I pray for him, his family And I hope they all figure it out this going forward. So where is it at right now? Because last, like the last reports were like, he's detained the this and shit was denied. Like so where is he physically and like what's happening right now? So I only know as much as you guys know and as much as what's online, as far as I know, they've been posting that he's still being detained. So in Georgia, I'm not, not sure. I haven't looked into it that much. I just know I'm trying to finish my divorce And I can't do that if I don't have a person to divorce. Really? You gotta be out the door. We need to, we need To be in court. Of course. Well, you know, he wanted to be, have our last court date, which was just a couple weeks a week ago.


He asked for it to be in person. I didn't want it to be in person because I knew this whole thing. You know when I got enlightened about the what you mean You knew this whole thing. So you did call Ace? No, I Knew that already had a peculiar situation with the United States of America. Gotcha. And so it wasn't gonna benefit me or him for it to be in person. We had already done a year's worth of the divorce over Zoom. Right. So why in person, why are you fighting for that girl? You would've showed up looking just like that too. Who me? Ko. Oh well you know, you gotta getting that last look. Yeah, you would've Dang. Period. Now I don't want the divorce that you can do Now you also filed that he didn't want you to to record in the house. Yes.


Yes. So I did. But It was your house. Yes, our house. So Emini here, I know he's explained it a thousand different ways online. He has documented our entire divorce on the Simon show online. And then I have the housewives I suppose. But yeah, there is paperwork in place that would make it a marital property 50 50 split outside of that being enforced. It is a premarital property or whatever. But you know, I am on the other side of this. Like we've been divorcing now through this crisis for a whole year. Mm. And you know, I've emotionally I, it's caught up with what I had to do. So like emotionally I feel like I'm ready to be done with it.


I'm ready to heal. Gotcha. Ready to move on. But you know, here comes a reality show. So here's the part of my life where it gets interesting. Mm. I'm done with the divorce, but I had to deal with it all the darkness on camera. Oh wow. So it comes right back. Yeah. And so now it has to come back. So now I have to be super preyed up. I have to be super vigilant of who's around me of energies. I have to be very protective of my peace at this point because I know what I'm getting into more than any other season. Right. This season could affect me more than any other squad. And girl, this is your season. Like Emini here. You've always been like you Kenya, Nene, Kandy, y'all are the OG girls. Yeah. But right now I think we're all excited because you have been away from the show. We know that Kenya eventually exits Nene's not there.


K's not there. So it's like we are looking for you to bring back how it used to feel. Yeah. So there's so many eyes and people are gonna critique it so much. So like what's the daily mantra with filming? Because these girls are not, they're not always gonna give you that protected piece that you're talking about. Well, no, 'cause I just met a couple, a couple of them. So I know that Show started with bs. It's little Protect Me. It was like, Hey girl, what you stole? I was like, wait, what? So, you know, for me I, I came back into this kind of feeling, brand new, not gonna lie, like three years is a really long time from having cameras in your life on a daily basis. I was looking into the damn camera land for most of the time. Like I was for, I was getting stumbling over words. It was like brand new Porsche all over again. Right. And then I Just say, you know what, I talked to the producer.


So this was collaborative me coming back, A big part of me coming back was collaborative. We had conversations, my husband or estranged husband and production about how I wanted to be and how I asked them to be was completely honest. I asked them, can I break the fourth wall? Fourth wall on reality TV is saying I'm late because I had to film my my Mama house because it's a cease and desist on my crib. You know what I'm saying? So I told 'em, I said, listen, the only way I can do this is to just speak my truth and be 100% honest. You can edit what you gotta do later. Right. But for me to get through this at this dark time and losing like my person, I have to be as honest as I possibly can. And they agreed to that And I feel like they stuck with that.


You know, I gotta see the show. But I feel like they stuck to letting me just live authentically. Gotcha. I saw Dr. Simone Whitmore call you a mean girl. Why does she say that about you? Capital P. You're so nice. I Dunno. I don dunno it. I couldn't really understand what she was saying. I think Simone is reaching that straws. I Emini here. I, I don't know. I think Simone is full of it. Just like that piece of doodoo she had on her head. Like she just, to me, she on her show sometimes when you are on reality tv. Right? She's a ob, GYN. She started on a show and you know, she was a regular person and now on the camera, sometimes when you start lacking in story, you start lacking as a person individually, you start just reaching and coming at on point.


So she's lacking. So when people lack, they try to deflect and come to you. Yeah. I didn't get mean and Girl from the first episode. I got late. You was late. I was late but I didn't get late. I didn't get mean. And girl should Be, I try not to be late. But again, logistics, behind the scenes, things that you will see going, things you don't know. I had to film at my mom's house because you know, I couldn't film in my house at the time and she lives out in Duluth baby. And that was on a Friday in the rain. So wait you talking, you're talking about filming at your mom's house in the house because on, I saw online that you, so you weren't awarded so possession of the house. So I was, but you still can't film there. So I was so no, here's the thing. I could film, I could do what I want in my house. I could film like a whole porn on my house.


I can do what I want. Right. Oh my God. Go there. Heard you Of everything Go air. I know. I ain't had nothing in a while so I just had to think about it. But okay. So I could do what I want in my house. However, he sent the cease and assist to Bravo. So when he sent that to Bravo, they don't wanna play with that. Right. So I needed to get a separate document that said I can film in the house to give to them so they don't have to worry about him harassing them with legal things. Right. Gotcha. But can he, he send anything legally being that he's here illegally? Let me Google that. I'm not an immigration attorney. Yeah, I Don dunno. But If he has an attorney, he could send whatever He wants. But I would think everything he sends is null and void. Yeah. But Rob I'm sure don't wanna fight that. Well let's Help out All. We got more with Porsche Williams when we come back.


Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren Osa is here with us as well. We're still kicking it with Portia Williams Real Housewives of Atlanta. Charlemagne. I Wanna ask you about the Samal thing. 'cause she said I think she was, if I'm not mistaken, correct me Lauren, she was saying that Fria left her show to come back with you. Yeah. 'cause they freaking F So it's like now the reunion of the them as a friend. She was basically saying that Fri and fracking over there to check was whack. Like okay. So that's what happened very well. Because I was gonna ask you that because Fader comes in later in the season. I'm like, was that switch because what did you need the friend or like did it switch the money thing We always need fa I don't give a damn. We always need the legends of Real Housewives of Atlanta.


Mm. There's just certain situations to where we can't have some of them back. But if there was a, where there's a will, there's a way I wanted to have fa back. The cast wanted Fa back and Bravo wanted her back in her home on Housewives. Now how Title you and Drew Drew, You know what Drew, it's some people you just realize, okay, you just a little, is she still an ambassador of Go Naked hair? Absolutely not. Okay. Go naked Hair is Porsche's hair. Brian. I can't put my hair on people's head. And then they think they're me. Like that's what I can't do. Like that's what we not gonna do. You don't become Porsche by wearing Porsche's hair. You need to just enjoy my hair, take it out when it's dirty and put it in back in when it's clean. You know? Right. Like you can't just like all that.


She is a, she's the okay person. I think for a lot of her friends. I think they love her. I think they trust her. I think if you're not her friend, you shouldn't trust her and you shouldn't be around her. Okay. So with you saying you shouldn't trust her, you shouldn't be around her and she's not wearing go naked hair anymore. You were not happy about the allegations that she might be in a relationship or whatever with Dennis your ex. See this is why I like Breakfast Club. You ask the question that need to be answered. Okay. So here's the thing on the show, I don't know how it's gonna come off again 'cause this just the show has to sensationalize things. Right? Right. So how good is it for me to be going through a divorce And I'm still jealous about my baby daddy. That's bs. Right? So in real life she actually was trying to film with him behind my back and that's just not cool.


Come on. We House Wise Wait film filming him on the show as a Film with him on Housewives. So it's just not cool. Right. It felt like a setup for me in some way. So you didn't know Drew was recording with Dennis. You didn't know anything. You didn't know that they were speaking. You didn't know that they were talking, holding hands into that episode. Hold their hands To the club. That's what they said on the episode. I didn't know any of that. So You found out right then in that episode? I what's so funny, I saw the episode and she was like, she asked him And I said yes. And she talked to me And I say yes. And I'm like, that's just not true. Like I genuinely didn't know. Look at the end of the day, like I told Shamia, if Drew and Dennis wanna get together, I just hope she can do baby hair for Pilar. Like I'm happy with you. I think she's a great parent. I think if him and her were to get together and you know they could have a solid relationship, that's good too.


Just don't screw me where you asked me to come back to be. She had been asking me to come back to Housewives and when I came back, this is what you had waiting on me, this wax storyline that y'all came up with. Oh. So I see what you're Saying. So if it was real you wouldn't have a problem with it. Of course Not. I've never got, listen, the everybody knows Dennis And I have a great co-parent relationship and it is strictly because his personal life is his personal life and mine is mine. So He didn't say nothing to you at all either you found out on the show. So y'all didn't have no conversation. You know, he Ain't gonna tell me because he could benefit off me finding out on the show. She surprised. Surprise, surprise, surprise. Yeah. That what he wouldn't on. You still love Dennis? Cool. Yes.


Yeah. Not like, you know, please don't take that sound bite like that Emini here. Yes. As in that's my daughter's father and, And I want the absolute best for him. But Do you love him like still let him sweat on you type of way? You should have said sling hot dogs. That's what you should have said on me. No, no, No. I can't even, I and, and you know, this has been a period of time I've been divorcing a year, you know, and a lot of people move fast even in their divorce time. I just don't see him in that way. I just don't. I, And I think because it's because of Pilar. You don't play with that. You know, I, I'm already going through a divorce and she's already, you know, losing someone who she called a stepdad, Popeye, et cetera.


I don't wanna play with her seeing me and her father be in a relationship and then break up that's not responsible for me. So the love I have for her just causes me not even to be attracted to him in that way. Wow. At all. 'cause I just don't, we have so many ups and downs. Our relationship can be toxic at times And I just don't wanna enter into that space with him. Y have a Great relationship, parenting, co-parenting. You have a Great relationship. We have a good co-parent from Well I am single right now. So we gonna see how it works out when I get somebody. Is that hard to find somebody though, Porsche? Because you are also high profile. No me. Yeah. For you because you're high profile you on tv, people may not wanna be, they may not want their life involved in that. True So, so caliber of people. I do, I do tend to attract a lot of opportunists.


Mm. So yes. The people who probably are opportunists and who are in their own lane doing their own thing and don't wanna part of anything I have going on probably tend to skew away from trying to date me. Right. Which is the, the downside of being a reality star. But I just feel like at the end of the day right now, I can't even think about that. Like I can't even imagine me like being with someone else right now because I still have the energy of my husband around me. Wow. I do. So when that's done, I think maybe the atmosphere will be like her king is coming. You, You said something that was interesting. You said that you can't get the energy of Simon off you. What makes you get the energy of a person off you? Like Lauren got Sage.


Your sister got this age. Did she? She could. She could. But you know this divorce, it's gonna take some time. It's gonna take time to the public. Our relationship was so sensationalized that I don't think they saw it as a real relationship, but I genuinely did love my husband And I had all kind of plans. If you have ever been married in a long-term relationship, everything you do, you're considering that person. They're a part of it. Yeah. So everything I'm still doing, I'm having to piece him out of it, you know, and I'm still in our home. I would like to redecorate or do whatever, but I gotta still wait to see what's gonna happen with that. He And I stop talking about Simon, this is not true.


You wrote this. Is this true? Is that you? Me, I Don Dunno. Is This real? We don't even know what it is. I don know. They just handed me that. What does it say? This can't be real. They just handed me that. I have no idea. Oh wow. Okay. So Lauren, look at that. What is happening? Sorry, I'm just playing. I made that up that I was like, what? What happened y'all? What Charlamagne put together? Like, and lemme tell you before the interview, he didn't tell none of us. Right. I thought it was something with me.


I Seen him laughing and giggling. So we knew he was up to something but he even planned it 'cause he had somebody walking in the letter says, yo Funny this is, I don know this is this. You know, people online. Of course they're making jokes like oh you know, she called or whatever. This is like a person who I have shared a life with. I don't want nothing to happen to him. I don't want, I didn't want him deported. Like at the end of the day they scared me. I was like, Mr. Mental health just threw you off. Huh? What? You Right. Like do you know what I'm, I don dunno what's going on. You disrupting my piece. I thought you all my, I really thought something happened to somebody.


'cause you look like you were about to cry. Yeah. Alright. Woo shot. Woo shot. That's quite back to the show. Go back to show. There was a lot of men that were happy that he, that that happened to him though. They Were. Yes. Because how do you feel about you? Because they wanna hide. Well and that's the scary part about being online. Like going in on a personality that people actually like you don't know who could have done anything. Yeah. You know what Emini here, you, you just don't know. All Right, we got more with Portia Williams when we come back it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren Osa is hanging with us this morning and we're still kicking it with Portia Williams from Real Housewives of Atlanta Charlamagne. What happened on when y'all shot the Upshaw? Because we had Nini up here. Yeah.


And she said you blocked her from, but you, oh you wouldn't do it with her. I was doing this show called The Upshaw's and she kinda was like, she didn't wanna do the Upshaw with me. She didn't tell me that. She told the production crew and the production told us that. You know, is That true? I don't believe portion. It's the truth really Seem like that type. Why she not catty like that Where she's, did something happen a little bit like that? She did that. So no, it's not that I wouldn't do it with her. So I signed on to do the Upshaw's And I had just filed. So when it happened I had already signed up to do the show And I really couldn't cancel at that point. So when I got there I just was sitting in the green room or the waiting area And I just like start breaking down.


Oh man. Then she was in the room next to me just hearing her voice broke me down. Mm. Because I just felt you, when you're going through divorce, you just feel so alone. Just hearing her voice just, it was just too familiar. And you know, I had not talked to her. I didn't know how I could face her. I didn't know how I could face anybody. So it genuinely wasn't me saying no I don't work with this person or that person, whomever. 'cause I agreed to it. I just wasn't capable of doing it that day. Mentally and emotionally, Mentally and emotionally. I could not gather myself at all. So when I spoke to them, they were like, you know, I understand you're not gonna be able to act as a housewife today. They ended up letting me go home and then they said, we'll fill you in, we'll fill in your spot with Cynthia.


And then after that, in true Nene fashion, she just turned it into something about herself. And in genuinely wasn't about her. It was about me. You know what I'm saying? Like her actions of like taking Simon's side and hanging out with him with women or whatever they were doing. Which is fine 'cause in a divorce you gonna pick a side. I can't judge if she wanted to go over there. Who, who knows. She may think he right and I'm wrong. Mm. It is what it is. Gotcha. You know you said you like seeing the OGs on the show. Would you welcome Nini back? Yes. I would welcome her back. Emini here. It ain't gonna look like I'm welcoming her back. Let me get that straight. We gonna have a time in the beginning. But I'm, I'm for what's good for the show.


But I just feel like realistically, as much as we all love Nene and Emini here, miss Nene, realistically you just can't sue a net worth. You cannot say things about Andy Cohen that are that damaging and expect that bridge to still be standing. So unfortunately, I just don't know if she can cross that and come back. I got one more show question 'cause I know you also are acting too. Okay. You got a lifetime situation we wanna talk about, but Kenya, so I know she's not gonna finish out the season because of what happened with her and Brittany, but they were saying that she could come back potentially season 17. Who said that? I thought that she was only who spent it for for the rest of 16. No, I be saying that in real life.


I thought she was only suspended for season 16 and could potentially come back for 17. No, I would hope that's true. I I just can't see. I'm in 100% agreement with her not being here. I would love her to be at the reunion I'm for what's best for the show. Hmm. And I loved where Kenya was going. She's not that happy with me right now. You know why she not happy with you right now? I thought y'all were doing better this season. She didn't like when I said that when I compared her to Brit And I said they were similar. Oh. And I said they were similar but I, I meant because they're both fabulous. They're both to me speak their mind like, you know she, when you don't like somebody you don't wanna be compared to 'em. So Right. Got you. But whatever girl I got hell I gotta talk about you you a part of the show.


Don't you wanna be talking about I, it's kind of crazy though. I didn't even think about the reunion. Like the fact that she won't even be on the ring Who said that It's possible. I'm still hopeful. I'm still hopeful. She is. She's still a big part of the show. She's not the show she didn't make.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information. See Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of AppleLink intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Charlemagne tha God here. And I want you to know from Curtis 50 cent Jackson and the executive producers of Power, the hit Stars original series Raising Canaan is coming back the new season of the Family Crime drama continues the origin story of fan favorite Canaan Star originally played by 50 cent in the flagship series Power as he delves further into his evolution from a devoted son into the ruthless villain that fans have known and love from the jump. This is a transformative season for Canaan that you won't want to miss the new season of Raising Canaan Premiers March 7th only on Stars in the Stars app.


Have you seen this new commercial from standup to all Hate? It's Snoop Dogg and Tom Brady spewing hate at each other. But when you really listen to them, the reasons are just so stupid. This one really stopped me. It's a strong reminder that hate in our country continues to be out of control. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out and learn more by following at what's up with


hate. Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just start in your field or even look at the switch things up. Add find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


Could break the season. But Kenya is a person who I've been doing this with for a very long time. And for once we were possibly about to have a season of not being foes. You know what I'm saying? Fre, I have to say when Fre came in, she helped to elevate the show as well and keep us where we needed to be because everybody been wanting see her. She been gone the whole time. Came been gone. Yeah. So you know, it's, people wanted her back and Kandy has been really upset about how Kenia has been treated by the network. She's been very vocal about that. And then Fader coming back. I don't know if K's too excited about that as well too. But yeah. Do you feel like the network protects you guys the way that they should? 'cause K that's what Kandy saying. It's like the network didn't protect one of their stars, which is Ken.


I still work for the network so I don't share certain sentiment. Okay, let's be clear. All right. I'm saying that I think Kenya deserves an opportunity. Mm. And an opportunity can be given to anyone. You can always say no. She can say whatever she wants to say to Brit, the cast, the crew and whoever and they can say no. But I believe she deserves that opportunity. I ain't say a damn thing about the network. Love the network. Talk about all this money you're getting pampered by Porsche. Best Lifetime Series. Yep. Go Naked Hair. The, what is it? The Lifetime movie? Yeah. It's Detective Ebony Williams in the upcoming lifetime movie. Single black female three. The final chapter. Yes. Yes. That was, that was big for me.


I always want to be in a lifetime movie. I am obsessed with Lifetime And I am amongst the cast of great women who've been, they had two other movies. This is the third installment, the last one. And I played Detective. I looked totally different in this movie. I even stopped doing Botox for this movie. I did. I was like, you know what, I'm not doing any Botox. I want my whole face to move. How does I gotta look at the trailer. Oh, it's frozen right now. I hope so. No, but in the trailer feel, no, no you look good. But in the trailer. 'cause I know when you saw the Botox, there's lines in there every freaking line. I got lines on my forehead, I a crow's feet. I got all of it because my role is so different from who I am. Right. Like I'm an alcoholic. I'm a bit of a stalker. Like, you know, I ain't gonna say who else, what else I've done in that movie.


But I, I think it's gonna be a good look for me in the acting world because it's totally different from me playing myself and a lot of other things that I've done before. I, I got one last question. Will a Nigerian man get another shot? Or do you feel like the stereotype is true and all of them are scammers now? Well you just done Well I'm Nigerian so Okay. Of course I would date another one. You know, I would, I would marry another one. I wanna love and marry who is gonna be honest and love me. I'm not ready to get married. I'm not rushing into none of that Emini here unless about So you Say that down girl, none last. See by the end of the season we'd been like, oh, Portia got a new ring. I know it be me. You would get Married again. I would Right. I would get married again. Why?


Of course. So just because of him I can't get married again. I can't enjoy the comfort and the security of being, I love being married. Yeah. Yeah. I love being called somebody's wife. I love waking up every morning sitting at your feet asking you what you need me to do. Like I, I just love that. That's in me. I'm a southern girl And I think that's probably why Nigerian men and like men of wealth like me because I am very submissive and I'm very loving and I'm very, even though I'm all that I am bossy, I can shift that a bit for my man. Do they have to have wealth? You know, I was thinking about that. I was thinking about that. And I think about didn't have a daughter, they don't have to have wealth. They do have to have self.


So you need to be self-sufficient. You need to have your own business about yourself and you need to be able to come in here if I get pregnant and provide for our child. But I do, I like this new conversation of like Dolly Parton. Oh RIP to her husband Die 60. But I liked her relationship. Like they were separated a lot of the time. It's in space physically, but they kept their relationship strong. Like I don't feel like I have to live with my husband Shirley. Ralph does that too. Yeah. Shirley, Ralph And I loved when she told us that. I don't think it has to be traditional. I feel like my next relationship will not be traditional. So You mean I wonder what that means in the between time It'll be a little bit open. So, okay. Oh you would do an open release for really not with another female.


So you could go and have another man but he can't have another woman. I haven't found one who's gonna allow that. If you know one let me know. But no, they don't allow that. They don't allow that. I just mean as far as like your tradition of him having to be in the house. Got you. I honestly could be in a house with just my baby and be good and then we come and visit my husband. So you need A break sometime. Have Enough houses though. Emini here. You have enough rooms in your house Exactly. To be able to do that. So why y'all didn't just do it? 'cause I also like to be under people. That's why I'm so confused. 'cause I watching you Confused. Yo, I'm My me my me my man. So I'm sitting here like girl Jesus Christ p ladies and gentlemen real Housewives of Atlanta that comes on this Sunday. Seven. You were everything I thought gonna be Bible and Peacock and we appreciate you for stopping through us.


Thank you. Capital P. This was great. PORs Williams. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Now let's get to the rooms. World mess on The Breakfast Club. She's the Lauren. Lauren, I'm back And I got the mess. Talk to me. People made a Kim k for kind of sort of joining the, the Free Tory movement. Yeah, indirectly. So what Happened? So she, she posted a video and she, she put a Tori song on there. Yeah, She posted Tori Slaps. I'm not even gonna hold you. Torres Blaine's music is good, but that, you know, that's the argument right now. First. So Kim Kardashian posted this video. She just on the beach in the swimsuit, she put a Tory Long a Tory Lane song to it.


Tory Lane then repost it to his Instagram. So all of his fans go over to her Instagram. They're flooding her comments with the umbrellas for the raindrops. Did she Bringing these brothers home? She, but she's not, she didn't say that she didn't lean into it or whatever. So, but it, it caused a conversation because yesterday Tory Lane debuted his album art for his new album that he has coming. The album name is Peterson. So this is the photo. In the photo. It is Tory Lanes. He is currently behind bars still. Even with this photo being released, he's currently still behind bars. You Guys zoom out so we can see how small he is. Well he, he trying to look a little big, you know when you Yeah. Spend a little time behind bars, you be doing like the Okay star. Yes. So the photo, it was taken while behind bars.


The album itself was created while he's behind bars. It's being engineered. He says by one of his best engineers and he says that this is the first time that The World is ever going to hear music at a high level. Good music from someone who's behind bars talking about the prison experience in real time. And y'all remember we did that story about when they came in and it was a huge fight when he was on the phone, but you are rapping. Yep. So it seems like it's gonna be a lot more of those type of moments on there as well too. Just, You know, with Kim k it's, it's, people gotta learn to separate the art from the artists at this point. Right. Because if, if a person may has some dope music and they have some dope music before they committed a crime and went to jail, you should still like, you should still be able to like the music, right? Yeah. That shouldn't that shouldn't be a, a co-sign of the artist. Yeah.


Well did he? Yeah, I I haven't stopped listening to anybody who's been convicted. Whatever. We notorious straight shooter with the music, so, oh Wow. What a term. What a term. The Music slaps and slaps expect Album. Yes. I'm expecting this album to be just as great as his other work. Jess. So let me tell you about Lauren. Lauren text me at five 30 in the morning, right? Envy, can you reach out to Tori's people? I wanna know who took the picture in jail. What was it taken on? What type of device? Jesus. How many days did it take to take that photo shoot? How many takes like how many different photos? Who Am I gonna ask? How many photos in jail? Change Outfit. They would know they, they had to find that Information. Shoot, they would've had to, if there were multiple photos sent, they would've had to make it look like, you know, this looks so artsy.


They had to art it up so they would've known how many photos they did. That Way whoever took the picture was probably a man. And he was like, yeah, yeah you look good. Yo, you look good. Flex Flex this way, flex this muscle, turn this way. But it Looks like exactly what it is. Like he's in jail. Emini here. It ain't too many poses. He Did. But who am I gonna ask? Who am I gonna ask? You got you got the yard, you got the, what else they be doing in there? This little TV area, I'm assuming where he was on the phone. It's a couple places he could have posted up A couple places. Yeah. He gonna be rapping or singing or doing what he do. Both I think's gonna be a little bit of what he do doing show both, but bars to, to y'all point about being able to support him and like all of that to Lane's recently sat down for an interview from behind bars. He's doing a lot. He working and he talked about that. He talked about people not feeling like and actually choosing not to publicly support him.


Let's take a listen to this interview. All those people were scared. They were scared to say how they truly felt because they come to me and we have long hour, long conversations on how we all feel like, yo, now we know you're innocent because of them screaming and crying and saying, I can't believe they got you like this. But when it comes to public time, it's like nobody's saying what they really feel. I've even seen people say the opposite of what they feel the opposite of what they told me because it was benefiting to them at that time. And that's speak to me. And a lot of black people might that like have done fake ass to me and say, Hey, X, Y, Z, da da da da da da and Aiden Ross, this white boy, he went all against black culture.


Like it's not about a culture thing. This is my brother And I don't care about what y'all talking about. I disagree. I think everybody, there was a lot of people who was in support of Tory and there was a lot of people saying that they felt like Tory was innocent. Not at First. I don't remember that. Not at first. It was a lot of people. But not supporting Tory not playing his music. They banned him for a while. At First nobody, I feel like Tory had the internet on his side. Like a mother. I don know what You talking, I think it depends on what side of the coin you were on. Because there, there were people that were coming for me on his side, but there were a lot of people who weren't saying things. And that's I think who he, who he's referring to. And you heard him get a little bit emotional. Yeah. So that'd be, it must be someone, people that he thought were close to him before he got locked up. He were up About it on Day Star Peterson, the album, the whole album from beginning to end is about his feelings toward this whole Situation.


Yep. And that was the, he was on the Full Sin podcast and what he was referring to when he was mentioning Aidan Ross was because Aidan Ross came on the, that that show and had the free tour shirt. I remember. Yeah. And, and it was, you know, it was a big deal. 'cause Aidan Ross does have a huge online following, but yeah, so that'll be coming out. That's supposed to his, that album Peterson is gonna drop Friday. So once we listen, we'll be back. Okay. 'cause I'm sure there's some things on up in there. I definitely understand what you mean though. When he say, you know, people will tell you one thing in, in private and then go against you publicly. Man, that happened to me so many times. Like with all my previous controversies or whatever, a person will be like, oh I, you ain't do nothing wrong. You stood up for us and everything and then be like, but I can't support you, you know, publicly, you know, 'cause then it's gonna mess up.


How do you respond To that? Because they, I'm working with them. So what Do you say in response to that block? That person you clowned out. You are a clown for life. But that's it. I feel like That happens. They identify as a clown or they're actually a clown. You Whatever they identify, I call 'em, you know, I call 'em how I see him. Yeah. But I think it happens. Clowns happens, happens a lot to everybody. Right. Because nobody, we seen it with Jay when Jay was just going through his stuff. We see it all the time with celebrities and people wanna get out the way. They don't want none of that. Nothing on them. They just wanna be comfortable and clean. And we see it all the time. All time. I know Tore ended up in jail, but the court of public opinion seemed like they was way more against Meg than they was against Tory. I feel like they gave Meg hell at first. The Tory did go to jails. Yeah. But the court of public opinion convicted he wanted the court of public opinion. Yeah, For sure.


I think there are people right now still arguing that. And that's why when she did that move to have certain things restraining again, remember she asked for the order while he was still locked up. People came out again and were like, what's wrong with you? Why are you doing this? That man's locked up. And I was like, whoa. Like, you know, she's over here. She's saying she's a victim. But yeah, I just wanna tell you that, that the source that you wanted me to reach out to said he'll get all the info. He just woke up, he said, but good morning. He said it was, he says, I just hit him trying to see who he, who took it and, and when it got edited. But yeah, they will have vinyl and CDs for this album. So it'll be actual physical. I thought Album thought to do that though. I thought you couldn't make do, do music from behind in jail. Well I've, I've also asked some questions about any clearances he had to get.


'cause remember he got raided as well too. So we'll have more on that. 'cause I, I, I, you know, to your point, there are some things. Yeah. And the whole Lord situation about my question, the restraining order. There is a, there's a method to my madness. Y'all, we will answer those questions for you guys shortly right here on The Breakfast Club. Okay? If I was a lawyer, I would hate to see Lauren coming. Good morning. Oh my God. Go back to sleep. Yo, she hits at five in the morning. No, four 30 this morning. But that's 'cause last night I fell asleep watching the State of the Union. I would've called you last night, but it was, I was trying to figure out Trump. He had me in the daze a little bit. I'm Like, you want me to reach out to somebody that early? Like that's disrespectful. Just say good morning. They know you start work early. Alright. Alright. Well that is, thank you Lord. That is the rumors. Thank you. All right. Now Charlamagne, who you giving that donkey too? Man? I need the Democrats to come to the front of the congregation.


We like to have a word with them, all of them as a party Staff and Mother Fing crew. Come on. Even the ones holding up the sign. Definitely the pickleball. Paddle polishes. We need To talk about even the Ladies in the pink. I don't even know what you're talking about. See? Dang. You ain't know that the word pink as a resistance thing as well too. Some of the Democrats. But go ahead. I didn't even know That. All right, we'll get to that. Next is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, you are checking out The Breakfast Club. This is a miracle. There is No question that there are problems in this country between police and community. Yes, you Are. A donkey Went to the latest on that police killing of a black man, not a new development in the Deadly Spa shooting Rampage, man yesterday.


It was a really bad day for him. And this is what he did. And so we are in a state of emergency, Okay? White supremacist violence is, it always has been the number one threat to our society. But I'm also very proud that my wife is white. The Breakfast Club bitches. All Right, Charlene, please tell me why was I your Donkey of the day? Donkey of the Day for Wednesday, March 5th goes to the Democrats, all of them as a party staff and Mother Fing crew for the way they left Congressman Al Green out there on an island unto himself. First of all, salute to Congressman Al Green drop on a clues, bombs for Congressman Al Green. You got some Dutch. So G Okay, if you didn't watch the State of the Union last night, then you missed 77-year-old Congressman Al Green stand up and disrupt President Donald Trump's speech.


Now I was, as I was watching the state of the Union, the only thing I kept thinking was I really don't know what Democrats do. Okay? Trump is a force of nature, all right? You can't stop him. You can only hope to contain him. And that energy has been projected on the whole Republican party. And regardless of how you feel about their policies, regardless of how you, how we know, okay, their policies are gonna ruin the American economy. Guaranteed. They just come off strong Democrats. Democrats come off as weak, okay? And Democrats are never able to properly articulate the threat. They say Republicans are okay. They go to the extremes, right? We've heard all the greatest hits threat to democracy, fascist, constitutional crisis. And even if these things are true, Democrats never quite act like it.


And last night was more of the same. Okay? That's why, once again, I wanna salute Congressman Al Greene for standing up and attempting to call a thing a thing. Okay? If Trump is as bad as Democrats say he is, then somebody in the Democratic Party has to act like it. Okay? Somebody has to throw a middle finger to tradition. Somebody has to throw a middle finger to the norms and do something different. You got to try something different. Okay? Michelle Obama said, when they go low, we go high. Well, that is the old play from a old playbook in 2025. When they go low, you gotta take it to the flow with 'em. Okay? You gotta scrub the mother effing ground. And Congressman Al Green took a page outta the Republican playbook.


He did what? Republican Congressman from South Carolina, Joe Wilson did when he had, when he yelled, you lied at Obama. Let's listen. The reforms, the reforms I'm proposing would not apply to those who are here illegal. Not true. I feel so light now in retrospect. Right now, let's not forget Marjorie Taylor Green disrupting President Biden at his State of the Union speech. It's not about him. It's not about me. I'd be a winner. Not really. I Lincoln.


Lincoln Riley, an innocent young woman who was killed by an illegal Biden, spun that. Well, so listen, I know right Wing media is gonna spin it like Congressman Al Green and Democrats were being petty. Well, they learned from the best. Okay, would you like to hear how Congressman Al Green got down last night? Well, let's go to Sky News Australia for the report, please. Mr. Green, take your seat. Take your seat, sir. No, take your seat. Democrat. Representative Al Green was dramatically kicked out of the chamber after disrupting Donald Trump's joint address to Congress tonight. Finding That members continue to engage in willful and concerted disruption of proper decorum.


The chair now directs the sergeant at Arms to restore order. Remove this gentleman from the chamber. Green showed no remorse for his disruption, saying it was worth being kicked out to make his point. It is, It is the best way to get it across to a person who uses his incivility, who uses his incivility against our civility. I, I'm willing to suffer whatever punishment is available to me. I didn't say to anyone, don't punish me. I've said I'll accept the punishment, but it's worth it to let people know that there are some of us who are going to stand up against this President's desire to cut Medicaid, Medicare and Social Security.


Were you saying and, And I'm also working on my articles of impeachment. This president is unfit, he should not hold the office. 34 felony convictions two times impeached Drop on a bomb for Al Green. I have no problem with what the OG did there, but here's my issue. Old men for council, young men for war. Where was the Young Warriors? Okay. Even if you didn't want to set it off like Congressman Al Green did. You gotta stand with him when he does. Okay? You gotta walk out with him in protest when they kicked him out. Al Green is 77. He out there with a cane. Okay? Looking like the old man in New Jack City. Rest in peace to Bill Cobbs. Remember when the old man was telling Nino Brown, he going to hell?


That's how Congressman Al Green looked. But where was the rest of the Democrats? Huh? Y'all left Captain America to fight the black order by himself. Imagine if those portals opened up in Avenges in game, but instead of coming out to fight, the rest of the Avengers just sat there and watched, watched Captain America get embarrassed. That's what Democrats did to Congressman Al Green last night. And it made an already weak party. Look weaker. Okay? House speaker Mike Johnson called for the house sergeant at Arms to remove Al Green from the chamber Democrats. Y'all should have walked out with him. Emini here. Look, I don't know what else it is for thems to do. They are just a lost party. No real fight whatsoever. It's like Republicans and Democrats aren't even playing the same game. They not in the same league. They not shooting at the same basket.


They aren't even speaking the same language. And I don't know what Democrats do to cut through because when they have moments, they make a statement. Like last night they fumble. Now I know all the oth, all the older Democrats. Okay? The Congressman Clyde Burns of The World and Nancy Pelosi, Chuck Schumer, the ones that go along to get along like Hakeem Jeffries. I know they gonna follow protocol and show up to the State of the Union. But the younger ones, you all honestly shouldn't have shown up if you weren't going to be more disruptive. Okay? Poor Al Green, he, he dropped his nuts. Okay? Maybe he thought if I set it off, folks will follow suit. Well, no, y'all out there holding up signs like it's a silent auction. Okay? Matter of fact, they weren't even signs.


They were pickleball paddles, okay? Democrats were out there looking like a bunch of pickleball, paddle polishers, okay? They this, they really were looking like they wanted to challenge Trump and the Republican party to a friendly game of pickleball. When diplomacy fails, perhaps a friendly pickleball match on the house floor can settle the score. No. Look man, we in strange times, okay? Because Trump can stand up there and tell a lot of lies. But nobody cares because if you are a Democrat, you think Republicans are always lying. If you are a Republican, you think Democrats are always lying. So nobody is listening objectively. Okay? But at this point, it's not about policy, sadly, it's about optics. And I don't know how Democrats can change the optics without a massive overhaul of the whole party.


Okay? America, we are just gonna have to let things play out. But when the inevitable fumble from Republicans come and it will, because the economy is only gonna get worse getting run teed, okay? People will not be able to afford their basic needs. Guaranteed. It's been 11 recessions in this country since World War ii, okay? 10 have been under Republican presidents. We more than likely will be headed towards another one. So Republicans are gonna fumble. I just believe that when they do, Democrats don't have the team to recover the ball because Congressman Al Green had the ball last night and you're damn sure didn't have the team to block for him. Please give the Democratic party the sweet down to the Hamiltons You of the day.


You're the doggie of the day. Heehaw. Lets look the Congressman, I agree once again, man. Absolutely. Question, why did you use Australian news team? I have no idea. Ask. Ask our producers. Oh, I was just curious why you use the Australian news team stuff about American stuff. I just, I thought that Was weird. I had no idea. I just so many people covering that. Just why Did you do that? They Didn't. Australia couldn't Believe it either. They was like, hold up, we got a report there. Emini here. I don't care either way. I thought it was a good report Over there. I'm just curious why it austral. Our producers texted me now to tell me why he use, We don't do good news reports in America.


We Not. Not not Really. Trump would be mad. That is, he said Keep it American. That is true. And you, you just going to go in, use It Australia When we got all these news cash channel 2, 4, 5, 7, 9. And the podcast is Sunshine right now. Eddie said, 'cause they had the best report. Oh, that's what he said. Luther Sky News. Well, they gonna put a tariff on him. All right, well thank you for that donkey of today. Now when we come back, Dr. Pastor Jamal Bryant will be joining us. That's right. He wants to do a 40 day lit fast of target. And we'll talk to him when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess Aria.


Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren Osa is here. We got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. Yeah. Pastor Jamal Bryant. Welcome brother. Thank You sir. Good to Be with y'all. How you feeling this morning? Feel great. Let's talk about this. The 40 day fast of Target. Yes. And this is something that you're trying to put into play and why I, I'm not trying. You are putting into play. Why? No, no, we, yeah. So people are asking, and why did we pick Target when Walmart out order McDonald's is out order. John Deere's out order. Bank of America's out order. Amazon man, Amazon is outta order is we wanted to go. The African Proverbs says, if you want to eat an elephant, do one piece at a time. So we pick Target first for several reasons.


Number one, target is headquartered in the same city. George Floyd was killed when George Floyd was killed. Target came out, made an announcement that they're gonna invest $2 billion in the black business, 2 billion drum roll. And it starts December of 2025. When Trump made the announcement January of 2025. They dishonor that commitment. So we wanted to hold them accountable because when they made the the pledge, it had nothing to do with DEI. Secondly, I am embarrassed Breakfast Club to say to you, Negro spend $12 million a day in Target.


Mm. And I don't know any black business that amassed that much money in any singular day. Said 12 million a Day, a day. Number three, target is on 27 college campuses and not one HBCU. Number four, outside of the federal government, target is the largest employer of black people. There are 400,000 black people on payroll and don't honor us. So if we are given that kind of money, that much human capital and to not honor us, I think is dismally disrespected. And because they're publicly traded, we wanted to see what will happen in their, in those 40 days that shows the data.


This is the impact when black people walk away and to share it with those share crops. So it will not just be 40 days, but every movement has to have a benchmark. It's gotta have a strategy and you gotta have some data. What do you say? Why are you calling it a fast and not a boycott? Yeah, I called it a fast because this was a call to the black church to become active. Something happened silently that scholars and historians are gonna have to pay attention to the rise of Black Lives Matter. Charlemagne was the very first movement of civil rights for black people that was not birthed out at the church. Mm. The very first civil rights movement that happened that didn't have a religious leader at the front.


And so the black church is going backwards. Mm. This is the largest demographic of black people since we've been in America who don't go to church at all, who don't sub.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like Intelligent All-Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Charlemagne tha God here. And I want you to know from Curtis 50 cent Jackson and the executive producers of Power, the Hit Star's original series, raising Canaan is coming back. The new season of the Family Crime Drama continues the origin story of fan favorite Canaan Stark, originally played by 50 cent in the flagship series Power. As he delves further into his evolution from a devoted son into the ruthless villain that fans have known and loved from the jump. This is a transformative season for Canaan that you won't wanna miss the new season of Raising Canaan Premieres March 7th, only on Stars in the Stars app.


Have you seen this new commercial from standup to all Hate? It's Snoop Dogg and Tom Brady spewing hate at each other. But when you really listen to them, the reasons are just so stupid. This one really stopped me. It's a strong reminder that hate in our country continues to be out of control. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out and learn more by following at what's up with hate.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been, because like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Drive to organize religion. We are 28%, the largest amount of black people who self-identify as atheists who say they don't believe in God, don't believe in nothing. So this was a call specifically for black Christians to show the younger generation, our head is not in the sand. We are part of it, but we are aligning it with prayer that those 40 days is a high holy season for the Christian community. We're praying because this is a spiritual warfare that we're under with JD Vance and Donald Trump with all of the things that are happening with these executive orders. Marching is good, protesting is necessary, petitions are important.


But if we don't bring a spiritual grounding to it, I think that we're gonna miss it. During the Montgomery bus boycott that last 381 days. What nobody talks about is for 381 days every night they went back to the church for prayer. So I think that in the movement, you've gotta have a faith entity intertwined in it in order for you to move forward. What Do you say to some of the people that have black products in Target? Yes. That they say that, you know, because of this boycott, if a boycott happens and people are stopping to go to Target, that is gonna affect their products even more. I know we had the co-founders of Rucker Roots on The Breakfast Club, the founder of the Lip Bar. Yeah. And they were saying that if people don't come into the store, which Target is their hugest manufacturer?


They hugest buyer. So what happens to those products? Number one, the Lip Bar and all of those entities understand a new thing out called Dropship. You don't have to go in a physical store to, to help them because of that. In foresight, we partner with the US Black Chamber of Commerce. So every person that goes to Target fast.org, within an hour, I send you a digital directory of 300,000 black businesses across the country. So we don't want those businesses to be adversely impacted. We want people to support them, but do it online. I can support the Lip Bar and not go into Target to do it.


I can go online to do it. And so I think that as innovative and creative people as black people are, let's do it online. We do everything else online. So let's support 'em and the 1000 black vendors who are placed in Target, we're gonna prominently place on the website so that you'll be able to find them quickly without any pause. Two things to what you're saying. So the first thing when they were up here, they talked about the inventory and just how much money they have to put ahead to be in these stores that comes outta their own pocket. Yes. That they will lose out on if people do not, if they're not supporting these like companies or whatever. Yes. So even if you're buying it from their website, because they already in contract for this amount of inventory we allotted to Target, they lose.


I don't they don't profit on that now. Yeah. Well that money has already been spent. A, a movement comes with Inconvenience. It came a a, that same argument happened in the Montgomery Bus boycott. The question was asked, what do we do for the bus mechanics who were all black? So what they did is they pulled all of those bus mechanics out of Montgomery and set up garages at the churches. What nobody is talking about is four mechanic shops came out of it. So I understand that it's an inconvenience. I know we gotta go a different route, but I would then say, that's up. The ante is a business principle. Let's buy more to cover. What is that? Loss companies take losses all the time, but a group of misguided preachers went into Target in Detroit and said, let's just buy black inventory and come out and still supporting Target.


So I think that we've gotta come a way, even if we gotta raise the price in order to make the balance, let's do it. One of the things that black people do wrong, whenever it is we're supporting black business, we always want to discount. Let's pay full price and support 'em. Let's not just do it with lip service, but let's do it through the investment. We have More with Pastor Jamal Bryant when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody's DJ Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess Charlamagne, the guy. We are The, The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is here with us this morning and we're still kicking it with Pastor Jamal Bryant. Lauren, The women from Rucker Roots I own Jameson and Ellen Sellers talked about how even in Walmart's, majority of their clientele that they make a large amount of their money off of on those products.


They don't have the access to the.com. So being able to walk into like it's just, it's just different in some of the lower area rural areas. Yes. So being able to walk into a Walmart or a Target helps them as far as inventory and creates access for those people. What about that? But Yeah, I, I think that we've gotta ask ourselves what is the principle and is the principle more important than the profit? You've gotta a whole lot of churches who have space that is underutilized and un underused. The fact that in 2025, we don't have a minority owned retail space to direct people on says that we gotta reevaluate how we do business. So going into Target to buy whatever this product is to say, Hey, forget that they don't honor us.


Forget that they've disrespected the George Floyd family. Forget that they are only allowing black people on entry level positions. Let's do it for lipstick. I think that we're losing the larger conversation. I wanna see the sisters win. I I wanna see them do overwhelmingly well. But I think that we gotta get into a room and figure out how do we make it more accessible for those in rural areas. I don't think that the answer is to sh keep shooting ourselves in the foot and then ask for a cast. But will we ever get there Pastor? Like you know, I, we want to get there, right? Yeah. Will we ever own our own Target slash Walmart? Will we ever own our own car manufacturer? Yeah. Will we ever own our own so we can rely on it?


It just seems like we're far stretched from that. Yeah. So one of the things that we're asking for Target to do, and for all of the demands that we're asking of Target, please go to Target fast.org. I'm asking Target to partner with 10 HBCUs to show our businesses how to scale up and to go into the retail space. Reverend Sharpton is one of my mentors, but in the history of black people, we have never marched black people into a white business to say spend money here. So we gotta figure out how it is that we really reroute and redirect so that we can create an ecosystem for us to be able to do it.


I think that is possible, but there's a plan that has to be afoot in order to make it done. I saw you say that Target has been trying to reach out to you. Yes. But you, you I don't wanna talk to no diversity. No. Officer I don talk you, you may not have a job next week. You reached out during Black History Month. I don't know if you gonna make it to St. Patrick's Day. So I, I need somebody who got some job security and got some influence to make a decision. I think this generation don't want symbolic wins. They want substantive strides. That's right. And if you just doing there to say we met, we talked all the street credibility is gone. Right. I need somebody who can make a decision and you gotta ask envy what's in the mind of A CEO that can lose $12 million a day and say I'm not me.


So The person who reached out to you felt had no influence. Yeah. Not enough influence. Got you. Yeah. So you gonna send the black people out to talk to the black guy, black guy, Go talk to the black guy. We See what your people mad about. Yeah. Settle them down. Got you. Yeah, no, no, no, no, no. I need to talk to the CEO or I need to talk to somebody who was on that board of Target or who can really help me understand where you are and if you all are being punked by JD Vance and Trump. Tell me that. Let's figure out how we can walk alongside each other. Well we Know that's what it is. Yeah, That's what it is. But tell me that. That's Exactly Yeah, yeah, Yeah. When you, so I know that in talking about meeting eventually y'all wanna have a conversation or there is something scheduled, right? You guys will be meeting June 12th in Minneapolis.


That's when their stockholders meeting is. Oh, the shareholders meeting. Okay. Yeah. So we, we are planning on going there. I'm hoping that we have resolved by Then. That's what I was getting to. Yes. That we can't wait till June, but June 12th and there now is an underground murmur that they don't even wanna do an in-person shareholder meeting. They want to do it by Zoom because they don't Want you guys to show up. Yeah, okay. Yes. But that's why it's important for you to have the data to show how this has been impacted. How much money you've lo lost in the stock and what is at stake. So we wanted to take, take all of that to the shareholders meeting June 12th. My Last question for you, where are you at now numbers wise? 'cause I know you were looking to get a hundred thousand people by we this Wednesday the fifth when it starts and you are at seven, we Got 110,000 people.


Got you have come. And we did it before we ever got to The Breakfast Club. So now y'all, we got to get to one 50. We gotta, we gotta get to one 50 because numbers is power. It was important for me to have tangible evidence of how many people are standing behind us that is not just a post, it's not just likes and shares, but a hundred thousand people. I can press a button and send a email to say, Hey, we outside in Target. Hey we in Cincinnati so that the people at Target know that we mean business. That is not just symbolism but there's substance behind it. Well How can people get behind you? Go to Target fast.org. It's just one word there.


You'll see what is our list of demands when it is that you sign up for Target Fast. I'm gonna send you a digital directory to those 300,000 businesses. And even for those of you who don't go to church or watch online, I'm gonna send you a daily prayer devotional so that you can stay focused, no pun intended. So you can stay on target for what it is that we trying to get done. Alright, well we appreciate you for joining us this morning. Again, target fast.org and thank you so much brother man. Thank you. And when y'all come to Atlanta, I'm coming through. Okay. I ain't even got a ticket. I'm coming. Oh, you Celebrate soon. Well, yeah, he came, pastor Jamal's popped up through my Black Effect podcast festival. I'm coming this year. I Wanna come to New Birth man. You gotta come. I wanna come one Sunday and check It out. Yeah, you gotta come.


Absolutely. There's room at the Cross. Thank. Hey, let me say this to you. Okay, I'm from Baltimore. Do you know the first place I ever had crabs? Charleston, South Carolina. Monk's Corner. Monk's Corner. Okay. Monk's Corner. A ME Church right there after Jameson. Blake, James, Blake, this back in the eighties. Alright. Okay. It was the first place I ever had cre. My family was from Georgetown, South Carolina. Okay. So we used to come down there every summer. But Baltimore, they first time you had crabs and you from Baltimore. I Don Was they better than Baltimore? They Cooking them with a beer. Never. Let's not go too far. Bond. But no, no. Baltimore, my crab ain't no trauma. It's trauma that I had to do it in South Carolina before I had. And South Carolina is amazing. 50 free. It's it's amazing.


It's great. It's just not as good as Baltimore. But it's good. Thank y'all. Pastor Jamal O'Brien. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Thank you. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody's Steve, dj, nv, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's skip to the rumors Mike on Guys World on The Breakfast Club. Lauren, Lauren Laas And I got the mess. Talk, talk To me. So one of my favorite comedians, Damon Waynes. I love the whole family. He sat down with Big boy. Yes. And he had said something very interesting. So he talked about not getting back on stage doing, doing standup.


He doesn't plan to do that anytime soon. Let's take a listen. Do you see Damon Waynes getting back on stage? No. Not Because man, you are a master comedian, Bro. Well I appreciate it and, and when I was doing it and loved it, it's just the audience is too dumb right now. I my standup ain't fodder for someone to, you know, to pick apart. Right. It's like, here's the joke, you don't like it, don't laugh, keep it moving. Now they think they have some say and Everybody's super offended. Right. Well they're being programmed to be offended 'cause they're really not. Mm. Like when, you know, when I was doing standup And I was in the clubs, people were laughing. Right. It's just now it's different. You have to have a conversation because if you go stand and go, man, I hate, soon as you say hate everybody's little hairs bristle up and they, you know, they ready to boo.


Right. But if you go, man, I don't understand. Gotcha. It, it's a conversation. He's right. Yep. It's, I just thought it was so crazy because Emini here, I think with him being like, you know, he's doing the show with his son and he's moving around so much right now to, to see them on stage. I would be anybody's gonna, that's gonna sell out anywhere. People don't Wanna see it. Well Just say, y'all can go there and be offended. Like he said, man, if you and you think pieces with no thought, I Wouldn't be offended. Like Dave Chappelle tries to break that mold all the time. But people always say they offended and they always have a problem with him. It's, but like he said, comedian. A comedian. Yeah. But my shows they crazy. Like they, I I don't, I don't bleep nothing out. I don't act like I basically, if you buy a ticket and you are that type of person, you will be offended at my shows.


And so what, you know what Emini here because there's certain things that you can't talk about online that you can talk about on stage. I'm from Baltimore. I've been, I've been the same raw comic that I've been, you know, it's just that I learned very quickly that the stage, the same thing that translate on into, you know, laughs on the stage is not, it don't play well online. You know. Have people been offended at your show though? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But they, they, they don't laugh and they laugh at the next joke. They keep it moving just like he said. But now it, it is different. It, it, it is different. But I don't think that nor Waynes could ever live up to their full capacity that they did when they first came out these days. I See some big backs get offended at your show. But I think that's the only because I was there. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


Around that whole time. Yeah. With that whole recent was back Really? He diagnosed them with, with Big just Had a joke about it. Was They out there protesting? I say they was getting the steps in. Yeah, they, no they wasn't at my show protesting but Charlamagne just sitting in the audience triggered a bunch of big people while he was there because Yeah. And I went on, I told her how it was, he was the one that I pointed him out and anything. I didn't call y'all big Shaw buy my tickets all the time. Y'all are good people In the club. That club had a two wing basket minimum. So it was crazy in there that night. It's Normally two drinks. Why? But not for that night. Because, because a bunch of big back in the Yeah but nah, he had New Jersey. Big people missed, pissed off though. But Yeah. But super serve your audience.


That's all. If you don't, if people don't like it, don't listen. But if people that do like it, you know, feed those folks, that's all Like he said, the audience too dumb. He damn right. He too dumb. And then the new trend is being offended and sensitive about something. So it's like, nah, he, he could never get back on stage. 'cause he is not the type of comic that you can water down. Right. He's not the type of comic that's gonna change. And that's what I would be excited about. But I do get the other side of it. But he did talk about like just where comedy is today and the time that he chose the exit. Let's take a listen to that too. Do you feel like you got in and, and so called out at the right time? Oh, it's the best time. When I was coming up there was Arsenio Hall, Robert Townsend, my brother Keenan, Eddie Murphy, John Witherspoon, Paul Mooney.


Oh The Heavy Raiders. And everybody was different. Everybody had a different voice and a different take even on the same joke. Now I watch comedy and it's the same take on the same joke, same thing. There are some people out there that are funny, genuinely funny, but for the most part I'm not impressed. It doesn't, it doesn't make me want to get up there Because it's safe. A lot of comics playing is safe, you know, and comedy ain't supposed to be safe. It's supposed to be limitless. You See the same thing. You see the same thing. People sounding the same. Yeah, absolutely. Talking about the same thing, the same topics over and over. People scared to really dive into like the breakdown of jokes 'cause they scared of hurting somebody. Feelings. They scared of being recorded because somebody material end up online that's, that's grounds for you to be canceled and criticizing everything too.


Even Marlin like his, his little brother Marlon Wayne's like he did his, he, I don't think Marlon gonna ever stop doing comedy but Right. People saw his special and tried to murder him. 'cause he has a child that's trans. Right. You know, know what Emini here and they and he jokes about it and his daughter know. Well I don't know what, what, what the sex is now, but if you Marlon Wayne's son or daughter, you already know what's up. You know what Emini here. So it's like, and The jokes probably fly in her house and we talked about that up here. Yes he did. You know, but people like try to cancel him. Yeah. And you know, like, you know, what is that that called the, the suit? It's a lawsuit where somebody feel offended. They can def the first class something suit something. I don know what that is. Something About the First Amendment.


Yeah. People were trying to, I don't know. I don't know you the one that know all of that. But they were, people were trying to write Netflix for like they, he, they wanted to get his special off of there because that's crazy. He was offending other twin. He was talking about his own child. You know, the last time David Williams probably got canceled was up here on The Breakfast Club. And We had a conversation about that and we probably Crazy. Probably the reason why he don't wanna do it no more. We don't got nothing to do with standup. But what'd He Say? Nope. I, I chose not to include that audio. No, don't, no, don't do that. Why? Why he wanna rehash that? See that you part of the problem said Not to include it. You brought it up. I chose not to include it. Yeah. But I'm not telling people what he got canceled for Is what I'm saying. I wasn't gonna tell them Excuse. I was letting her know I chose not to include it so that we wouldn't have to talk about it.


Oh, I wouldn't let you play that. I wouldn't listen that Now worry about everybody gonna go back. I can't wait to go on YouTube to look at this. It Crazy. Nope, It's gone. Well, Doesn't Exist. What happened with Travis Scott Real Quick? We got some time. Yeah. So the, the Travis Scott was at the WE, he Put some pause on somebody. What Happened? Yeah. What was it? It was called the chamber. Where's my Hold on, But, okay, so Travis Scott, he, so WWE star, Cody Rhodes, Travis Scott, the Rock and John Cena were all in the ring with him. Mm. That happened over the weekend and that happened Saturday. Tons of people there. Drake, I think there was a ton, tons of celebrity there. But basically there was a video that went viral from their little skit that they did because you have John Cena holding Cody Rhode down, he's getting with him.


Then you got the Rock slapping him with this like custom belt that Travis Scott made. And then Travis Scott holds, holds Cory Cody Rhodes, I'm sorry and slaps him. But the way he slaps him, even I feel like John Cena and the Rock kind of paused a little bit. It was Like, yo, this fake like what you, what you doing? He brought the Y in energy. Wow. Like it was, it was kind of crazy. But I couldn't tell if Cody Rose was actually like hurt or not. Because again, you know that There's wrestling man. What? There are reports Wrestling, Listen to this. Now there are reports, and he's supposed to address this on Friday that he suffered a black guy and a busted eardrum as a result of the slack. Like it went too far. It Hap it happened sometime because The only person who ain't a real wrestler is Trav Travis.


So yeah, he didn't know but Andrex supposed to train them or something like prior to that They probably, he probably didn't expect the Trav Travis to slap him like that Emini Here. He didn't have, he was, he was pinned down. He, he Rose didn't have a choice. But I feel like in that moment, even with me, I don't watch WWE e but I was like, I think That was a little bit too, that's not what happened in rehearsal. Y'all Didn't feel like that when y'all watched the video. This is a prime example. Oh my God. Of what we talking about. I'm gonna tell you why, what you mean because if you always tune, it's, it's always the people who don't tune into something on the regular who come in and then all of a sudden get offended. So if you always been watching Damon Wan, you like, oh he's funny as hell, but then here come a stranger that ain't never watched and that one joke will offend. Same thing with this wrestling thing, right? If you watch wrestling all the time, you used to this type of stuff, it's normal.


But she's just, I don't watch wrestling. But now she watched wrestling one time And I was offended too far. Was not offended. I think it Was too much. I was just like, yo, like that was a, that was crazy. You didn't feel like that when you watched it? No. Red. Did you feel like that when you watched it? I've seen people hit With folding chairs and wrestling, all Types of things. Texas, Jack Manchin. No, But Man child, it's A certain style. Like they Don It's different. Alright, well that is the rumor. You, you pass out if you see the hell in the cell with who was who? Cactus Jack Paul At that time when he fell through the care. I can't remember. I've Seen the cage stuff and all that too. Well let's get to the mix. The People Choice Mix. He was Buddy get your requested now is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. You are checking out The Breakfast Club Everybody.


It's Djj n Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club and welcome back Jess. What's up man? You know Jess was in Mexico and it's always interesting how, how, how did the Mexicans treat you in America? Treat an American. Now They treat yo they, they treated me great, to be honest. You know what Emini here but it, yo I was having a conversation with a man. A lot of them are hurt about what's, what's happening. They, they don't like that Gulf of America being changed. You know, they ain't, they don't like that. They feel like the whole deportation thing. They don't like that. But they wait till we get crazy ass drunk and don't wanna hit me with that. Like they ain't even asked Chris. Like they asked me Emini here, Chris the Mexican? Yeah, he half Mexican though.


Like he still got a black side. Y'all can ask him that too. Like they, and he's sitting over there with them like, yeah babe, that's crazy. I told them that's crazy. Like they wanted to, we was taking shots, right? And so we cool whatever. Some of them might sneak and take shots. They ain't really supposed to be drinking like that, but they taking shots and he's like, man, everything is changing. The Gulf of America is is Emini here. The Gulf of Mexico is not the Gulf of America Emini here. It's not the Gulf of Mexico anymore. And and then they asked that I vote for Trump and, And I'm like, man, your peoples voted for him. It's a lot of Mexicans that voted for that too. Don't be over here talking, talking to me about This. We saw your recap. Can we, can we play Justin? We We saw it too. That's why I ain't going back over there now.


I'm so happy you chose Mexico for the vacation. It is just too bad now that Gulf of Mexico is the Gulf of America now. Everything changing. It makes us really sad. You know, you're President Donald Trump sent all my friends and all of my cousins home. They go there to make a better life and now they're back here stuck. Maybe you vote for him when no chase. Yes. I always wanted to go to America to see the Statue of Liberty be strong. Yes. I'm very strong Emini here. I don't know I that or maybe I want to go to the Super Bowl to see they're not like us. And now it's changed to Gulf of America. It's still No, it's still No, no it's not. No it's not. And you, you know that. And what if one day you can't come here to vacation together? Let's, let's just have a shot.


I ain't gonna lie. Yo, that scared me for them to be like, yo, what if one day you can't come over here to turn up? What if we stop accepting y'all in our country? What if we start treating y'all the way y'all treat us? That's Probably gonna happen. I'm like, yeah, he started scaring me. I'm glad we were home the next day because I'm like, damn. You know, I, I get it, but it's like, yo, a lot of your people voted for this man too. Like a lot of them, matter of fact, some of them that he sent home voted for him probably so. Well no. 'cause you can't vote if you Right. You gotta be a legal Resident. Right. But Emini here, I don't have nothing to do with that. Know What Emini here, you just want you, you just want to eat your tequila. I just wanted to turn drinking your tequila, eat taco. You Know what Emini here, like he was serious. Yo. But he did say the Wonder dude that was, that was obviously me doing the voiceover. But that, that came from a real conversation.


The guy was like, yo, I always wanted to go see the Statue of Liberty. He said that and he was like, and the Super Bowl Kendrick was at the Super Bowl and we wanted to see the not like us and we, And I was like, if y'all got tv, you know that's it. Y'all could just watch it. I don't know what the, I don't know what you want me to say. Jesus. Damn well we glad you back. We glad you made it Back. I'm glad I'm thinking about not going back now. Yo, that scared. Does Chris speak? Does Chris speak Spanish? No. No. So didn't know they was saying So I'm sitting over there mad. I'm like, yo, use your Mexican superpowers. How you wanna be Mexican in America? But when we get over here, you African American, like you don't just pick your side like that. You both at all times. Like that was pissing me off. He left me out there hanging.


He wanted to be with his cousins. Stupid. All right, well we come back positive. Do The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Hi everybody. CJ And DJ Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now you got a positive note? I do. But I want to tell people, first of all man,


make sure you go get your tickets for the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival happening Saturday, April 26th at Pullman Yards in Atlanta, Georgia. Yes, it is year three of an Unforgettable Day of Live podcast. Inspiring Conversations and Cultural Celebration Podcast Culture celebration. Okay. It's hosted by Mandy and Weezy of Decisions. Decisions. We got the Trap Nerd podcast there For the gamers, good Moms Bad Choices is going to be there. Carrie Champions gonna be there with her Naked and Sports podcast tanking. Jay Valentine will be there doing the r and b Money podcast live. And Sarah Jakes Roberts will be there doing The Woman Evolve podcast live. So go get your tickets right now at black effect.com/podcast Festival. Okay, Saturday, April 26th. Third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival Atlanta. Can't wait to see you there.


And Don't forget y'all, your girl, just hilarious will be in Atlanta next week. I'm not doing shows on the weekend. I'm gonna be there during the week next Wednesday and Thursday. That's March 12th and 13th. I will be at Atlanta Comedy Theater for the popup shows. I got four of 'em. We got two on the 12th, that's on Wednesday. And then we got two on Thursday. I'll be broadcasting from Atlanta. So y'all still gonna hear me on the radio in the morning? Come see me at night. Get your tickets@jessofficial.com or show clicks.com. I'll see you next week, Atlanta. And the positive note is simply this, stop reacting to everything. Okay? Becoming less reactive is a huge part of growth and a huge part of decreasing your stress.


Okay? If you let everything get you worked up, you're damaging your mind, body, and spirit. So stop reacting to everything. Have a blessed day, breakfast Club Bitches, you'all finished or y'all done? Peace of the planet, Charlemagne Tha Godhead.


And I want you to know from Curtis, 50 cent Jackson and the executive Producers of Power comes the explosive new season of the Stars original series Raising Canaan. In the riveting fourth season, slates have seemingly been wiped clean for Canaan Rock and the rest of the Thomas family. However, in the eye of the storm, when very dangerous obstacle looms large, unique is alive, unique makes a volatile and violent return as he hunched the upend the lives of the time family. Don't miss the season Premier Mayor Raising Canaan, March 7th, only on Stars and The Stars app.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Ready to celebrate The magic of Live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals, and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival. With hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days and over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest.


Explore the lineup@sxsw.com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want in service, you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.