
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company,


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education and employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required. Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke. Break This Christmas.


So you're Her, right? You're the boxer. Experience, the incredible true story. As long As I'm boxing, I'm gonna be Okay. A Claressa Shields my Baby. Going to the lip. Let's go. Critics are calling the fire inside and inspirational. Knock out crowd pleaser. If I've been trained for this gold medal, I'm gonna need exactly what the man gets. It's a monumental achievement. I've been Working my whole life for This. The fire inside, based on the incredible true story rated PG 13 may be inappropriate for children under 13 only theaters everywhere. Christmas Day.


Good Morning. You SA Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Just hilarious. Good morning. Charlamagne the guy. Peace To the planet. Guess what day it is? Guess what day it is? Home Day. It's about that time y'all. Yo, You know what I'm saying? Another, first of all, another day to be here to serve our beautiful listeners. I feel blessed black and highly favored, but it's about that time y'all. Why did I think it was Friday? It's not. I swear, I thought it was Friday. Tomorrow will be off Friday though. I know, right? And tomorrow, Thursday. And that's our last day before holiday vacation. That's right. That right. Time to wrap this thing up For a couple of weeks.


A few weeks. Yeah. A couple of weeks. A few weeks. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Don't say a couple. Okay. A couple of weeks. Don't downplay it. That's right. I'm a few. I am happy to be taking this holiday vacation. Okay. Absolutely. That is right. And we have a great 2024. 2024 has been a fantastic year. We're here, right? Everybody's still alive, Right? We are definitely here. And y'all breathing right? Enjoy the moment, man. Absolutely. I am. Even, even if things aren't going exactly the way you want them to go or things didn't go exactly the way you wanted them to go this year, just be happy that you alive and God still has a plan for you. Enjoy the current moment that you're in. That's right. I love that. And salute to everybody in Atlanta. I'm headed to Atlanta. Actually, we are having our jingle ball for our station out in Atlanta. 96.1. The beat. So if you haven't got your tickets, get your tickets.


It's the concert is tomorrow. It's almost sold out if you want. See Gunna gorilla, sexy red, ti I, Edie t Payne, the Kid, Laroi, Tanasha, and Khalid that goes down tomorrow. So if you haven't got your tickets again, that's Jingle Ball Atlanta, get your tickets. 96.1 to B. I'll be out there with that. Shout to Louis V and the whole staff in Atlanta. Look to my guy. Louis V. What you pointing that Jeff? He's trying to get raise attention. Oh, mean trying to get his attention. Not yet. So we got some special guests joining us this morning. We have Corde, he'll be joining us. His album, the Crossroads is out right now. I like Corde a lot, man. He gets, he gets busy and, and and always delivers good projects, good music for some reason. For some reason the music doesn't, doesn't, doesn't stick out the way it should, I think.


But he gets busy. All right. So we'll talk the court day and also Jason Lee will be joining us this morning. Jason Lee Messing. Councilman Councilman? I know Councilman. Yeah. Councilman Jason Lee, of course, founder of Hollywood on Lock. We'll be chopping it up with him in a little bit. Jason Lee, like a Councilman Off Power. It's like, yeah, it's like a character. That's somebody in one of them power shows, bro. This guy who turned from Messy blogger. A cultural critic to Councilman. That's right. So we'll be talking with Jason Lee and let's get the show cracking. All right. Now, today is the Dog's DM X's Birthday, man. So let's start off with some dmx. Happy heaven Bond Day DMX. Absolutely. What we got this morning. And You Know, You know I love this time of year. 'cause everybody always plays the DMX Rudolph. The Red Nose reindeer. That's right. No, no. I don't think they realized that was here.


It was Well, oh, for real. It was at Power Wheel. That was after a breakfast Club interview. That's right. And he walked into the next studio and we used to have a social media person named Vanessa SLU to Vanessa. And she just asked him to do that. She was like, yo, Damn. He was there that day for what? Like seven hours? Nah, that Was another time. Oh, that was, he wasn't there seven hours that Day. Yeah, that day he was eating hot dogs. From the hot dogs staying outside. No, it wasn't that day. It was another day. Another Day. He Been up here a lot. Actually. Like three or four breakfast club interviews, Man. That's what's up. It's the rest in peace to the dog. It's DMX. Get at me dog. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. Not to be spade and neutered. It is. It's DJ and V Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne tha God. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's getting some front page news. Now, last night, if you follow the 2024 NBA cup, the Milwaukee Bucks won last night.


There'd be OKC 97 to 81. Now Yiannis was the MVP. He finished with 26 points, 19 rebounds N 10 assist. So salute to the Milwaukee Bucks. All right. Morning Morgan. Good morning. Good morning, NV, Charlemagne and Jess. Hilarious. Y'all feeling all right? Yes. Yes ma'am. Let's Black and Holly favorites. All right. I love to hear it. So, breaking news out of the nation's capitol, Washington dc former DC drug kingpin, Rachel Edmund has died at the age of 60. Now he was released from prison over the summer after serving 30 years, or excuse me, over 30 years behind bars. And yesterday he died in a halfway house in Nashville. Now, Edmund was given a life sentence in 1990, at the age of 24, after being convicted on drug charges and has been identified as the person who introduced crack cocaine to the district.


Now there is no word or on his cause of death as of yet. So, we'll, I Thought I saw people say it was a heart attack. It wasn't a heart attack. The I do not have official word as of yet. Oh, Got you, got you, got You. Yeah. But I will continue to keep you guys posted on that. And I'll take a look 'cause You know how things develop. More news coming out about the D, the deadly shooting in Madison, Wisconsin. Authorities say the motive of the 15-year-old girl has a combination of factors. Although Madison Police Chief Sean Barnes, he's not yet ready to reveal those factors while the investigation continues. Now, a teacher, a student, and a student at the Abundant Life Christian School were killed. And it appears the student shooter then turned the gun on herself, You know, and killed herself there.


He also says investigators are looking at an online document that may be connected to the shooter. And he further described the aftermath of the situation. Let's hear more from Madison Police Chief Sean Barnes. We're looking into her online activity. We're asking anyone who knew her or who may have insights into her feelings leading up to yesterday to please contact the Madison area Crime Stoppers. At this time, we cannot verify its authenticity. We have detectives working today to determine where this document originated and who actually shared it online. The past 24 hours have been a flurry of emotion, sadness, anger, disappointment, grief for the Madison community.


Yeah, so police Chief Barnes, he went on to say that everyone was targeted and there was no specific target in that incident. Now investigators said the girl's family is fully cooperating and they have searched her home. Two people remain in critical condition with what is said to be life-threatening injuries in regards to that incident. Horrible. Yeah, absolutely terrible. Let's talk really quickly about Luigi Manni. He is being indicted official in officially for the killing of United Healthcare. CEO. Brian Thompson, Manhattan District attorney Alvin Bragg announced the the Grand Jury indictment on Tuesday. Now, Bragg also talked about the charges included in the indictment. And in addition to the timeline of the crime, let's hear more from Manhattan District Attorney Alvin Bragg.


This was a frightening, well-planned, targeted murder that was intended to cause shock and attention and intimidation. They include one count of murder in the first degree as a killing and furtherest of terrorism. Two counts of murder in the second degree. One charging of the killing was done as an act of terrorism. And the second pertaining to the fact that the killing was intentional For nearly an hour, we alleged the defendant waited in the area near the Hilton Hotel waiting for Mr. Thompson to appear. Yes. So Mani is still in custody in Pennsylvania after being arrested.


Adam McDonald's on December 9th, as he Should be. You, you're right. He of of course, is accused of a shoot fatally shooting the New York Thompson on a New York City sidewalk on December 4th. He faces 20 years to life in prison if convicted of first degree murder. The indictment also includes a dozen charges, including first and second degree murder, as well as several weapons charges. Now he is scheduled to have a preliminary hearing take place next Monday, but I believe that has been moved up to this Thursday tomorrow upon request of parties involved. Now that hearing will be held at the Blair County Courthouse in Holidaysburg, Pennsylvania. And this comes as a Manhattan Grand jury, of course, recently indicted him and Governor Kathy Hoel is like trying to issue that warrant to extradite him from Pennsylvania back to New York.


Well, he should be indicted. He should go to jail for the rest of his life. Brian Thompson is dead. His kids will grow up without a father and the healthcare system hasn't changed. And this is not a precedent that you wanna want to wanna start. And I see idiots say we don't care about, we don't care about corporate interests. This has nothing to do with corporate interests. This has to do with humanity. And yes, we wish these CEOs of these major companies thought about people's humanity, but they don't. And personally, if I don't want something to happen to me or people I love, I don't celebrate. That's something, when it happens to others, Two wrongs, don't make a right is what he's saying or right. That's what you're saying. I don't know if I'm saying that, but I'm just saying that personally. If I don't want something to happen to me or people I love, I don't celebrate.


That's something, when it happens to other people, it's, it's quite simple for me. All right. Well at is front page news. Thank you Morgan. I see you next hour. Alright. All right, Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open again, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. It's a new day. This is your time to get it off your chest. Wake up whether you're mad or blessed, it's time To get up and get something. Call up now. (800) 585-1051. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Good morning man. Top of the morning everybody is Santos. Santos.


Santos brother. How you doing man? How's everybody doing? Jess, if you there, Laura? Charlemagne, DJ Envy, top of the morning. Hope everybody's good. Y'all alive. That's good. Peace. I just wanted to get off my chest man. Look, I'm a truck driver. It is crazy out here. It's slippery. I just need people to be careful. I need people to make sure that they are available for the holidays. That's it. That is very true. You be careful out there as well, brother. You already know man. Hey DJ, And I got you man. There you go. I here, I here. You gotta do it again. I got you. Hey you go. You can't be blowing nothing. You already, man. You can't be blowing nothing from no man after saying it's slippery out there son. Oh God. See Here you go again early in the morning with that type Of energy.


Man. I have a good day man. Man, man. Envy wanted it again season. I ain't hear that. Do that again. Can't do it again. You heard that? I thought I was the only person that peeped there. Oh my goodness. Hello? Who's this me twice is crazy. Damn. How y'all doing Terrance? What's up? I you off your chest Man. Good morning. Just thankful man. I'm 52, been married 32 years. What a blessing. First 20 years wasn't nothing but cheating. Messing around in the streets the last 20 years. Faithful black man ain't cheated. So what I'm thankful for is for that man upstairs. Let me live long enough to change my life. Look at God my wrong. Look at God. God. You Know what I'm saying? If he had called me, if he'd have called me home 20 years ago, man it'd been a different story.


That's right. So I just wanna look, know I'm thankful bro. You gave Your wife And I lost my job last month. Oh really? Last. And I got more joy in my heart than anybody at the job. I guarantee you. Well, ain't stressed, ain't worried straight. Thankful. Well I'm glad you gave your call For You gave your wife them 20 good elderly years, man. Them senior citizen years. You, you, you. Only 52. My god. You only 50. You know what? You know what y'all mean. Ain't ain't nothing. Ain't nothing better than having a wife that's not threatened by another woman that's comfortable in her marriage. I ain't know. It feels so good, man. Don't make sense. That's a beautiful feeling. Don't make it sound like she had. She ain't have no reason to be insecure. You made it that way. You just said 28 so you built that character from her.


Hey, hey. But I thank y'all for taking that call this morning, but I want that man upstairs to know I'm not ashamed of him. That's right. I'm thankful for Him. That's right. Where you from? Where you from? I'm from Detroit. Man. I called y'all before. Remember that guy y'all looked up with, the dad had the picture with his son was in prison? Yes sir. They took the picture again when he graduated. Yep. Yep. Yes sir. You know they sent that video around so man, five times it's posted all over the internet. Went viral. Took my wife out the picture and said he did. The dad did it by himself Man. He just, he look at it everywhere. T-R-R-E-N-C-E-E-V on, on online, any of them.


And on my website. And I got it posted. They took it off And I took my wife off the picture. She beast Mom, You sound like an old 52 girl. I'm not gonna lie. This is like I'm six years from 52 but you sound like you about to do the color purple. Well That well that's 30 years of smoking weed while you're at work and trying to hide and trying to hide It. Okay, okay, okay, okay. You ain't gotta hide it no more. It's legal in Michigan. No, I'm good to go baby. But thank y'all man. This Morning. Yes sir. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Keep calling 805 8 5 1 0 5 1.


We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? What's going on man? It's beef from Norfolk Man. Good morning. Good morning beef nor What's up. Peace to the God. What's going on King? Peace King. How you doing black man? Man, I'm good brother. Man Lil first and foremost want to get that man. Good morning to y'all. Shout out to Vic man for getting that damn job, man. That's Right. Michael Vick officially. That's Dope. Congratulations. Yeah. Yo, yo. Them young men is they fired up man, they fired up my son. My son actually plays on the team, You know, so we real fired up about that man. Also want to send some good energy man. For the victims man of that shooting man. We gotta get these kids from mental health man. Gotta get 'em, You know, get some help for these kids man.


Some how on waste. So You know, that's all I got for real, man. You know my son's birthday was just the day, so, You know, sending some good energy, man. Happy Belated to your son man. Absolutely. And you absolutely right. You know, we just gotta do our part to make sure these kids are mentally and emotionally healthy so they not out here projecting that pain and that trauma that they're experiencing on other people. On other people. Yeah man. It's where I talk to my son. Like, like I said, he's in college his third year in college now. So I talk to him all the time, You know son, you need something, we need to talk whatever, get it And I mean, let me know something, You know, so, You know, I, I, I firmly believe that. And, and Charlamagne, I really appreciate you what you've been doing man. For the community, for the people. Y'all got a lot of listeners out here man.


So y'all don't know how much y'all impact the, You know, You know, society and communities and all that. So I appreciate y'all for that man. But thank you. Y'all do y'all thing man. I'm listening man. I'm listening. I gonna hop in this truck, get this money man. I Appreciate you out. Be safe out there man. And we thank all our listeners man. We, we can't, we can't do any of this without y'all. So we appreciate you wholeheartedly. Gratitude is always my attitude. Absolutely. Jasmine. Good morning. Good morning Breakfast Club. How you feeling this morning? I could Be better. I'm trying of cold right now. My car went out on me last night and so I have to drive my parents' extra car but it doesn't have any heat and I'm in Detroit. It's 25 degrees and I'm freezing.


I got an hour drive home And I'm freezing. Jesus. Oh damn. I'm sorry about that. I'm sorry about that Mom. How you Called there today? Huh? I said who's all in the studio today Is Jess, Charlemagne and Envy The Breakfast Club. Hey Jess. Hey girl. Hey. So I'm just, You know, on my ride home Well be safe out there and then You know, at least you got a car 'cause I'm sure there's some people out there. If their car broke down they wouldn't have a car. They'd be on the bus right now. So be grateful and thankful for that. At least you gotta all drive. I absolutely am. I'm like I'm thankful at least my parents have an extra car. Don't have heat, but she just getting me where I need to go. All that's right. Well you have a good one. Enjoy your holidays. That's holidays. Alright Jasmine, get it off your chest.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent you can hit us up now. We got just the mess coming up. What we talking about? Yes. Big mouth speaks on Remy and Pat. Not, I called him big mouth 'cause he called himself big mouth fat up. Right. So we going see what he said about that. Alright. He said he not supposed to speak about Remming Pat. He said he wasn't, but he big mouthing so we going ahead what he said. All right, we'll get into that Nexus. The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ NV just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. You sound Like you just got probed. Don't ever do That. Don't ever Please don't ever do that again. Please. One more day, two more days.


It's gonna be a lot of for him. All right, well let's get to the mess. Real Moore just don't do no lying. Don't Do, She Don't spell nobody Worldwide. Worldwide on The Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She Was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get You to see. It's time to set it on. So Fat Joe was a guest on the newest episode of My Expert Opinion with Math hfa. Shout out to Math hfa. They seemingly filmed the episode the same day that that Remy exposed Pappus for his relationship with Claressa Shields. So of course they asked Joe about it and this is what he said.


My sister never tells me her personal relationship business, but what I know is I left y'all last night. We went to Brooklyn Chop House. She treated 10 grown men to dinner. And I woke up in the morning and then my phone was going crazy. And they was like, yo, look what's going on? I'm like, what the, how do you manage that? I don't even know how to manage that well. 'cause because of him, she made me love him. Really love him. You know what I'm saying? That's my goddaughter's father. Like I tried to tell you I'm old school morals. I don't, I don't like none of that shit. You know what I'm saying? What I can't do is stop it or, or have that. Like they won't listen to me. For the first time she ever asked me for advice, I said, listen, it's different.


This is your husband. Nobody come to my house, tell my wife I can't get in the middle of that. That's y'all. You know, I wish this didn't happen. Salute the math haffer. But I'm just sitting here trying to figure out one thing outta that whole conversation. Hmm. Why, why the hell did Remy have to pay for 10 grown men dinner? Listen, we gonna get to that. I like the advice that he gave his sister though. You know what I'm saying? That's different because of course this is his sister. They, they're very close and like he said, he made, she made me love her husband. I had to love her husband. You know what I'm saying? Because that's my sister. That was, You know, and then that's also my goddaughter's father. That was the most adult advice that he could have ever given. And then that also tells me if she went to him and asked for advice for that, it was something still there. She didn't pro, she probably, I don't know, but she probably didn't wanna leave her husband.


I, it, she sound like she still maybe wanted to work through it. He said from the first time she asked me for advice. So, You know, I I Respect all of that. Yeah, same. Why did Remy have to pay for 10 grown people? Okay. Maybe she wanted to treat. Yeah, maybe She wanted to treat, maybe it was a holiday thing. Maybe she's like, yeah, I got This one. I I doubt that she took 10, You know, Remy for a long time. You know, Remy's very generous. Shane ain't never treat him to dinner though. No. Probably not. Okay. That's probably why. But it don't mean that they was brokeman. She just wanted To take, I just wanna know why. Maybe that she wanted to treat. Yeah, maybe she just wanted to treat, I got this woman she did say last, last, last week with in the midst all the drama. She the one with the bag. You know what I'm saying? That true. So maybe she wanted to take our people's out. And I do have a rule. I don't pay for nothing if I'm around somebody who's richer than me.


If we ever, You know That's Right. Pay for the Dinner. That's right. But people must have been calling Papoose broke after that had circulated the conversation with Fat Joe because he posted this. He said, peace to my brother, fat Joe. I think y'all misunderstood his interview. I was not at Brooklyn Chop house with them. I do spend, I do spend thousands of dollars there regularly. I love that place. Now I I thank you for that Poo. But I don't think nobody thought that he was there because that same night, if, if, if it lines up, Remy said she came home and he was already there on the phone. He fell asleep on the phone with Clarissa. So yeah, she was coming in from the restaurant. So yeah, you couldn't have been there, You know, but thank you for that piece. We never said that she was broke.


You know what I'm saying? Move him forward Luther Pap Right. Move him Forward. He said, I'm sick of this Yo 50 cent speaks of allegations. So he was on the episode, a recent episode of Flagrant with Andrew Schultz. That's right. And during the con all right. And during the conversation he explained, You know, You know that's this nigga friend he said it is. That's right. I know that's right. All right. He explained why he's comfortable making jokes about these sexual assault cases, Bro. That's the thing. Why do people come to my page? Yeah. This what they said to me buddy. Well, you're an ex buddy then you're not worried at all out. Why? Because you don't got nothing. I don't have it. Why sound skeptical? You know, that's some like opportunist. He's, yeah, they'll just throw out the, but that it would take more for them to say some of the, that you see these people say, ah, look, you met the girl in 2003.


You hung out with her. You had a good time after the show. It was 30 girls there. You just went y hung out. Right. And y'all just part ways. Mm. Right. So there's no negative things between it. But she look up at the TV now, you've been a success since then. Feel like that's my life. I was supposed to be there and that and be upset with you and say something. Do you remember where, I think it's your baby mom, where it's like she was kind of speaking out and then all of a sudden the house just got burnt down. Yeah. But You know, it happens. Left eye. Hmm. Well, fifties. Right. But then there's also a part of it. People can just make up allegations and accusations. The beauty of it is the truth will always re reveal itself. But by the time the accusations and allegations come out, think about all the things that you could potentially lose.


Yeah. You probably lost everything. 'cause people believe it. Like you said, they're, they're, they're quiet when you, when you don't get convicted. But when they accuse you, boy, that's right. He's every right. That's right Loud. That's right. Very, very loud. That's Right. That's why when 50 said that, what did he say? He said that, that he doesn't worry about things because he doesn't have anything. But you don't gotta have anything now. Yeah. People can make up, people make up stories every day. B come And the fact that they heard him say that, that would make somebody wanna come out anyway, You know, these days. But moving on, Lauren, yesterday, Megan, the stallion's team filed for a restraining order against Tory. Even though he still locked up. How, how can you do that? So it's, so yeah, they did number one. They did. And they filed it because they're saying that he is harassing her from behind bars.


Hmm. Yeah. So they're alleging that he caused Meg emotional distress and he's causing more harm to her reputation while still locked up. Now I just feel like there's so many other celebrities outside, outside that's causing, that would be causing her more stress than him being behind bars. I mean, he's just trying to come Home. I get what? I'm confused with that too. I don't understand. If he's not directly talking to her, why Don't you let Lauren tell the story? Yeah, That's what I'm asking. Go ahead. That's what I'm asking. Is he directly talking to Him? I understand the confusion because I think a lot of people are like, well, he's locked up. Like how, yeah. So basically what they're saying is that he's done a few different things that are basically like, kind of like trolling or like poking the bear a little bit, right?


So they're saying that he, remember when he filed to, like, he wanted to go back in and like look at the, the, the gun and the fragments and like, he was trying to say, I'm actually innocent. You guys need to revisit this. It's called like CAPAs corpus or something like that. Meg seem is saying when he did that, he did it allegedly on purpose because it was the day before her Amazon doc was about to drop. And he knew that that would make people have a conversation. It's what the legend have a conversation about whether she was lying or not. 'cause you guys know that that's been like, the big thing is like a lot of people do think that Meg was shot. There are some people who think that she was lying, right? And then he's sitting in jail. A court ruled that, You know, according to the court, he shot the gun, he was found guilty, right? Even he was found guilty of the charges. But they're saying that he did all that to start up that conversation again.


Which, You know, that, that causes people to go in her comments that causes people to be, You know, just at her even they're saying that this can even cause like harm to her as a music artist. Because then she gets in a place where she's talked about where she don't wanna do music, she don't wanna do anything. It causes her that distress. And she's even talked about before at one point, even wanting to kind of take her own life. So all of this then piles on. They're, they're also saying that. Well, and it was a big thing too about does the LAPD have the gun And I have the gun. Yeah. They, they said they Have it. Yes. But the LAD yes. They came back out and said, no, we do have the gun. Because they also alleged that when he tried to reclaim his innocence and things of that nature. But they also said he's using third party bloggers allegedly to come in and, and spread false information. There's one blogger that Meg has a civil suit against right now for doing such that


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with a nice cold Coca-Cola copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola company.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple called play and a panoramic moon roof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information. See Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


It is Ryan Seacrest here. There was a recent social media trend, which consisted of flying on a plane with no music, no movies, no entertainment, but a better trend would be going to Chumba Casino dot com. It's like having a mini social Casino in your pocket. Chumba Casino has over a hundred online Casino style games, all absolutely free. It's the most fun you can have online and on a plane. Live the Chumba life at Chumba Casino dot com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus Terms Inc.


The Holiday season should remind us that faith and family are the most important things in life. I'm Rick Julius, a partner at Cordell and Cordell. We hope that you succeed in coming together this holiday season with those you love to create wonderful memories. Holidays have this magical power to magnify small things into ever greater memories over time. Offices in Philadelphia, Redner and Allentown, Pennsylvania and Mount Laurel, New Jersey. Rick Julius licensed in Pennsylvania only Michelle Ferreri licensed in New Jersey and Pennsylvania online@cordellcordell.com.


They actually went in and there's Megan's lawyers obtained Zelle records from this blogger. And according to the records that Megan's lawyers have, they have payments including a $3,000 payment in 2020. A $200 payment, a thousand dollars payment, which they are alleging was payment for this blogger to spread false information or fraud falsehoods as they're calling it about Megan, which again causes all the stuff that we talked about before. So basically they like, look, she needs a restraining order and it's a civil one, not a criminal one because there's laws that like you can't get a criminal order of protection after you've already been convicted of a crime. So The restraining order is gonna, it, it is gonna stop em from talking about her or essentially she can't Around us. Essentially.


Essentially that's what they're trying to do. 'cause she had that before. She had the, the restraining order and she had the gag order, but it was from 20 20 20 to like 2023. And that's over. Now I'm saying, So she saying the blog illegal or unethical? I mean, I know it's unethical, but is it illegal? I think if you can prove that I I don criminally, I'm not, I can't answer that question. I don't know for sure, but I know civilly the way that they have this set up, if they can prove that what that blogger put out calls for Megan to not make money or to, You know, if it was false, any harm if and because it wasn't true then civilly. Yeah. Like, that's like Cari Natasha K right? Yeah. Wow. But let me ask you a question. So, But they have to prove it though. There's a burden of proof there. Even With the proceedings now you, you, you have to like, I can't put out a proceeding on her on somebody's birthday because it might cha it might cause harm or I might put it out before her doc.


Crazy. Like it's a proceeding, it's a court proceeding. You, you should be able to put out a court proceeding whenever you want, right? Or is that considered? They, they, we got a but so you mean like when they're filing proceeding? Because you Just said that he put out a proceeding the day before her Amazon thing dropped. And if, and if he did that, why would that be a problem? Now you have to, You Know, I think they're trying to allege at the time and he knew it would stir up these, neg these negative things because of what they're claiming and the stuff that they, he claimed and it wasn't true. Do you get what I'm saying? So it's like the non-truth Gotcha. The burden of them proving that and then that costing them or Megan harm by saying she can't make money, she can't think she's being attacked. Yes man is trying to come home and anyway, thank you litigious Lauren. You're welcome. Thank you. Alright. You started using words like proceedings. I was go envy.


Now didn't follow proceedings. All right, well that was just with the mess. Now when we come back, we got front page news and then court day will be joining us. Is album the Crossroads out right now? It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Now let's start off with some quick sports. The Milwaukee Bucks won the 2024 NBA Cup last night. They won 97 81, they beat the OKC. Now Yiannis had 26 points, 19 rebounds in 10 assist. So congratulations to the Milwaukee Bucks. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning Envy, Charlemagne and Jess. And happy Wednesday to y'all. Peace Morgan. Thank you girl. President-elect Donald Trump.


He is considering intervening in Congress's potential ban on TikTok. How important is TikTok to you guys under federal law? TikTok must cut ties with its Chinese parent company by mid-January. I believe the date is January 19th, right before inauguration or be banned in the United States. Now this comes as TikTok is asking the Supreme Court to block a law that could ban the video app. The law, which requires it to be sold or shut down again, goes in effect on January 19th. Now TikTok on Monday petition the high court to stop the law arguing it violates the company's first amendment, free speech rights. The company has, or the app has around 170 million users in the US Now, Trump spoke to the media on Monday from his Mar-a-Lago, a state in Palm Beach, Florida.


And here's what he had to say about the TikTok ban and what he may do when he's in office. I will take a look at TikTok. You know, I have a warm spot in my heart for TikTok because I won youth by 34 points. And there are those that say that TikTok has something to do with that. Now, Joe Rogan did, and some of the other people that were recommended by my son Barron, whoever he knew names. I said, who is that? Tell me, who's that? Dad, you gotta be kidding. I can't believe you don't know. And I did those interviews and it was actually sort of cute if you wanna know the truth. But we did 'em and that had an impact. But TikTok had an impact and so we're taking a look at it.


So any thoughts on that, you guys? Is it TikTok that important to you guys? People, You know, what do you think about this band? I mean, I I, it's important to my son, but it's not important to me. That's not one of my heavy, heavily engaging social medias. You know? I know it's gonna affect a bunch of kids though. A bunch of kids. Yeah. And You know influencers, You know who yeah. Make Money. They make a lot of money. TikTok makes, makes you more money than Instagram. You know what I'm saying? So Like you said, it doesn't affect me, but my kids, my daughters are on there because like, they have like a little dance group where they do dances and they follow and it's short. So they watch it on TikTok. That's right. So they watch those dance groups and hashtag dance and all that so it, it'll affect them. But I love one thing Donald Trump says, you can really tell that Donald Trump listen to the younger people around him.


He listened to his son, He listened to his son. Didn't know what his son was talking about, but it was like, yo, You know what? I'm gonna trust my son. I don't know who this dude is, but if my son goes this way and it and it, and it helped him. Well, you don't have to ban it. They don't gotta ban it, just sell it to sell it to somebody American like Frank McCord and Project Liberty wanna buy it. So I mean, like it don't, don't ban it, just, just sell it to somebody. America. Yeah. There's a bunch of people wanna buy it. I see. Yeah. All right. Well during that same presser president-elect, Trump says Mexico and Canada are on notice over the border crisis now. He criticized the Biden administration over reports. It's auctioning off pieces of the border wall. Let's hear more from Trump on the border. And what they're doing is really an act. It's almost, it's almost a criminal act. They know we're gonna use it and if we don't have it, we're gonna have to rebuild it.


Yeah. So he touched on of course, the border wall. He touched on several other sub subjects. He said he spoke to Israeli leader Benjamin Netanyahu, who once again promised all hell would break loose if Hamas doesn't release the hostages before he takes office. Trump said he's a big believer in the polio vaccine. Also speaking to reports that health and human services nominee Robert at Kennedy wants to revoke its approval. So Trump is, I guess on he's, he's gearing up for the job. I, in other news, in New York, a city judge is denying Mayor Eric Adams, his attempt to dismiss one of the federal corruption charges he faces. Manhattan Federal court, judge Dale Ho is disagreeing with Adam's claim regarding the bribery count.


Now, Adam's lawyer had argued that the allegation doesn't meet the legal standard for bribery. Adams pleaded not guilty in September to an indictment accusing him of taking legal campaign money and bribes like airline perks from the Turkish government. Meanwhile, on Monday, president-elect Donald Trump again said he would consider or look at pardoning pardoning Adams downplaying the travel upgrades and adding that Adams was treated unfairly. And switching gears, New York City mayor Eric Adams is considering using executive order to override the city sanctuary city laws, city sanctuary city laws in order to address criminal migrants. Let's hear for Mayor Eric Adams regarding dangerous migrants.


Many dangerous gangs are in our city. Ice would like to go after them. We should be coordinating to go after dangerous people. Of course, madams met with Trump's, so incoming border czar last week, and he talked about how to go after violent migrant offenders. Now critics have argued that Adams, of course, he's doing all of this surrounding his federal corruption charges. Of course, trying to gain favor with Trump and his incoming administration. Yeah, it's amazing. It's amazing to me how those elected officials are a year too late on that rhetoric though. People in those neighborhoods were saying those things A year ago they was telling you about the gangs in those neighborhoods a year ago, and they was dismissing those folks and saying those folks were spreading MAGA messaging.


Right. But if they literally would've just listened to the people in the community a year ago and listen to what the people were saying and they would've realized these people aren't anti-immigrant. They just want their communities to be safe. Right. It's just that simple. Well, let's switch gears really quickly to Virginia, A high school, a principal of a high school is apologizing after a teacher passed around a piece of raw cotton. I wanna hear you guys thoughts on this. Raw cotton during an advanced history lesson on the invention of the cotton gin. Now, pastor Michelle Thomas, president of Loudoun County NAACP says she received a complaint about the lesson at Riverside High School. Let's hear more from Pastor Michelle Thomas from the naacp. Black students were extremely embarrassed and humiliated in some sections of the class.


We had students that were actually laughing and making jokes. So in a letter to parents, the school's principal said, administrators, teachers and counselors will work together to support the students involved and promised to be better prepared in the future. The school district says the teacher should have realized the subject was sensitive. For some students, it adds that its policies require that parents be notified before controversial topics are discussed in the classroom. But in this case, that did not happen passing a piece of cotton around. Is that wrong? What you Guys think? Not that I think of. I need more context that don't sound, that don't sound wrong. They say black people was holding, only black people touched the cotton. They just passed cotton and said this is where it came from. Right. By the way, history, American history is controversial.


So I need, I need to get permission from parents to talk about history. The past. Well, yeah. When you start to think about some of the schools, You know, where some subject matters are starting to be banned. Well, yeah. You Know, as you understand, because Especially the racial undertones, they yeah. History. But they not being banned because black, black people want 'em banned. They being banned because these white folks don't be wanting real history taught about America. And the gag is sometimes those be the students that be the most uncomfortable. So, I mean, I don't like, like, like Charlamagne said, I need more context. But if they're just passing around cotton to show what raw, raw cotton is and how it was created from the cotton gin, I don't see nothing wrong with that. I think that, remember we reported stories, we had stories about projects where white stu, I mean, white teachers are making black students, that's different.


Slaves stuff's different like that for plays and stuff, right? Like that. But this, no, I don't think it's This, this is not so much a problem. And I think I, it actually add, and to add context, if you ever held a piece of cotton that further gives you context of what, You know, maybe slaves went through. Because if, If, if you said the teacher was under five 'cause she had students picking raw cotton during, that would be different. That's what I'm Saying. But just passing it around, touching it to talk about the invention of the cotton gin don't sound and slavery. I don't, I don't, I don't see the problem. Yeah, that sound crazy. This is literally the most sensitive, insensitive generation ever sensitive because No, no sensitive. And I, I'm insensitive.


Yeah. Why? Because they'll, when it comes to something like United I Healthcare, CEO killing, they'll be like great rebel against the machine. You know, the, the healthcare system sucks. People should get shot down in the street. But then, oh my god, you gotta touching cotton. Yep. You passing around rock cotton in the classroom. Like, come on Man. Couldn't agree more with that. Insensitive and sensitive. Yeah. Yeah. All right. So yeah, that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, follow me on social at Morgan Media. And for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network, download the pre iHeart Radio app and visit BIN news.com. Thank you Morgan. Thank you girl. All right. When we come back, court day Will will be joining us. His new album is out right now, the Crossroads. So don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. We got The Brother Cord Day. Welcome back. What's up y'all? How y'all feeling? What's up my brother? Man, I feel good. I got a third Breakfast Club interview, man. That's, that's tight man. A lot of people don't get to the third one, man. Man, that's true. Yeah. I never thought about that. Well, how you Feeling? Happy holidays, Man. Nah, I appreciate y'all. I'm feeling good, man. You know, just landed this morning, so I'm good. I feel like the Crossroads, which is your new project, I feel like it should be in a lot of rap album of the year categories. I concur. Yeah, I agree. Why do you think it's not? Because all the black people got fired outta Atlantic. So it ain't no team. Jesus ain't no more to put Down. Oh my goodness.


Look, You know what, what, what God has in store for me. No man can get in the way of, that's right. And I think post album marketing is just as important, if not more important than pre album marketing. You know what I'm saying? Like, I've had albums to where they really get their legs like six months later after it comes out. You know what I'm saying? You still, you got a tour, you gotta, I mean, the album's been out a month and I'm doing this with y'all. It's gonna be a bunch of new people who may not have even known I dropped something that see this. So I think post album Postle marketing is just like super important, You know? You know, we Had a Boss man dealer up here and he said that he values reaction over sales. Okay. So what do you consider successful this album or any album?


I guess it depends on how you define reaction. So, but I guess how people, I don't know because I'm an artist And I'm sensitive about my right, the quote Erica. So I try not to put too much like, I guess thought or energy into reaction. But it, I, I'll be, I'll be alive. I say it don't feel good when people are like, yo, I love this album. I've been getting a lot of that amongst this album. A lot of people telling me it's my best work. I'm seeing it online. A bunch of people rock with it. But for me, it's when I'm performing it, that validation for me is when I'm performing it and people are like reciting the lyrics to me. People are coming to see me and when I'm out and about and people are coming up like, yo, this line like just really registered with me. Or like, this song really connected with me. You know, me and my family talked about this.


And so that, I guess that's the validation more so. So that's Success to you when people know your stuff, listen to your stuff, your core, you don't need a number to make it successful, or do you? No, just more so I think to the point I, we just made earlier, and even the boss Delos point is just like, people liking it, people enjoying it. It does feel good when people enjoy your music, right? As a artist, you gotta have a sense of like not giving a fuck. You gotta, like, when you in there creating and you put it out, you be like, yo, you gotta think. Like, I don't give a fuck. People think like truly that's the only way you gonna ever put anything out. Right? But it at, at the same token, it feels really good when people actually do like the work that you're putting out. So that feels good to, to get such like positive like feedback from real people and fans that's out there that I'm meeting in real life and like fans online.


But then also again that, that validation for me is when I'm performing it and people are rapping the lyrics back to me, coming to see me perform the music. So validation comes in a multitude of ways for sure. Why is it called the Crossroads? You said it's your third time up here, this's also your third album. Yeah. And this is the crossroads, is that, does this have something to do with your personal life? How you feel? At what point in your life are you right now? Yeah, I feel You did You Dying or something that's, Oh my God, this is not about The phone and Harmony. This is the Crossroads can mean a number of things, sir, But, well I did Sample Bone Intro. Yeah. On the intro, but more so for me it, I had to pay homage. If I'm gonna call the album The Crossroads, I gotta bring some Bone Thugs in it. But for me, just more so it's like when I was making this, the Crossroads represent for me is like not necessarily know where I'm going.


And when I was making this album, I kept saying I'm at a crossroads. I'm at a crossroads, I'm at a cross. I say it like on like seven different songs before I even knew the title of the project. And so I'm like, why I keep saying this in music. Am I at a crossroads? You know, quarter life crisis is like a real thing. Quarter Life crisis. Yeah. You never heard of that? No. No. You know, I think somebody, I forgot who it was a artist made a album called Quarter Life Crisis. I can't think of the name of it. I don't think it was like a really big album. But like I looked at, it's a thing How old are You now? 30? No. Oh my god, I'm 27, bro. The World thing in The World to be 30 Midlife crisis. I said Quarter Life. I mean, I'm a fresh 27 too, but, but that's a, but even that 27 club, You know, like, not to speak that energy.


I'm gonna live a long, prosperous life. But yeah, just more so the, the feeling of unknowing where I'm going next. You know what I'm saying? And that's an exciting thing. But it's also, it's scary honestly. So that's how I came up with the Crossroads. I don't Believe in vision boards and stuff like that. Like, I mean, 'cause You know, they always say you can tell you God your plans, but he might, God will laugh at you like your good plan God. Yeah. We planned God laugh. That's right. Yeah. That's a, a proverb. But I think it's a Yiddish proverb. But I say all this to say, yeah, I definitely make vision boards. I do like a planner. At the end of every year, beginning of next year, I've been doing a, I write in my little notebook where I journal at a lot. And honestly, yo, I knocked out a bunch of stuff that I wrote down.


I, I did like a thought bubble of goals more so at the end of last year. And I knocked out a bunch of those stuff. Like, one of my thought bubbles was like to have a song with, with, with ye formerly known as Kanye West. That was on my thought bubble. So yeah, I do vision boards, I write down goals and dreams and stuff, but I haven't done a vision board since 2018. So I, I literally thought about that like a couple days ago. I'm like, nah, at the end of this year I'm gonna do another vision board. But I always like write down my goals and stuff for the next year. For sure. How has your life, how Has your life changed now that you have a child, right? Because your daughter is one years old And one and a half. One and A half years. Yes sir. So How, how has things changed as a young father? Yeah, for me it's more having a respect for my time, You know what I'm saying? Being more like disciplined when it comes to my time.


And also having more respect for other people's time. You know? 'cause I'm like, I want people to respect my time. 'cause I got kids. I, I can, You know, when I leave the house, it needs to be something important or something that I love to do. Something that's fulfilling fulfillment for me is going into the studio, enjoying good times with friends. You know, my job is, I mean, You know, this is essentially part I, I want, this doesn't even feel like a job to me though, to be honest. But I say this to say, yeah, you don't even take Your coat off. Yeah, nah, exactly. It's a fresh coat. But I say all this to say, yeah, when I leave the house, it has to be something important, You know? So it just really has me focused on like time management and versus before, like I'll, I'll be, You know, as an artist, like, you'll be in the studio from like 9:00 PM to 6:00 AM one day.


Then the next day it might be like from 7:00 PM to 3:00 AM So you're kind of all over the place versus like, when, since I had a daughter, it's like now I'm in the studio from 9:00 AM to 6:00 PM six days a week. And then three out of those six days I come back to the studio from like 10:00 PM to 4:00 AM. So it's more of like a regimented of me, like recording and stuff. And I think I'm more productive now because I don't take my time for granted, You know? Does that Feel like work though? Like, if you set like, work hours, nine to six. 'cause creativity comes all times a day. All times a night. Like, yeah, That's why I do that. That's why I do three times a day. I do it at night too. But I've noticed all the most successful artists that I've talked with or linked with, they work like that. Like Pharrell, he works like from like 9:00 AM to like three.


Like, he works at like a nine to five. Okay. I've seen somewhere. Eminem is in the studio every day from nine to five. He takes a lunch break at noon. You know what I'm saying? A bunch of other successful artists, I know they like on a regimented schedule because where I guess motivation is low, that's where discipline kicks in or inspiration, You know, is low. That's where just like discipline comes in. And what I've learned too is like, every verse that I write is equity. You know what I'm saying? Whether that verse makes the album or not, that verse can be used for, let's say somebody wants me on their song, I could use that verse for that song. I could use that verse for like a movie sink, a video game sink. You know what I'm saying? And so me, I I really, it doesn't feel like work to me above all else because like, I love doing this.


Yeah. Like, I love, like being in the dojo, if you would, You know, And I switch up the times and locations of where I cook at. Like, I might like rent outta Airbnb for like two months, bring all my studio equipment there and we just creating outta there. I might, You know, I I I find creative ways to get creative. All right. We got more with court day when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's CJNV. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club now we're still kicking it with Cord Day. So what's your relationship with Wayne? Oh, Wayne is the one I've gained so many gems from Wayne. Like, honestly, like when it comes to creativity, when it comes to creating music. Like he, he gave me some gems of like, you have to treat every single song.


Like it's people's first time hearing you. And it sounds so simple, but it like lit a fire under my brain of like, nah, son. Like that is, yo, it's so simple. But it says so much of like, what happens is I've been blessed. I have like a core audience and the core fans that like rocks with me no matter what I put out. But that can also become a hindrance because you, in the studio, you like, yo, my fans gonna love this regardless. Like no matter what I do. Versus you taking that approach of like, I gotta make a first impression on people. I gotta treat every song. Like it's people's first time hearing it. It makes you like want to give it your all. Yeah. If you, if that makes sense. And wanna make sure like, yo, is this worth hearing? You wanna make a good first impression and the fan that way, the fans that you already have, they're gonna be like, oh my God, this is the greatest thing in The World.


And for somebody who's like 50 50 on you, who may like, okay, I heard a song, I heard a freestyle, I don't know. Like they hear a song then or a album. Then they like, oh nah. Like they legit, You know, I think that was a huge thing I learned from Wayne. And also like that work ethic just by just, he teaches by, by doing, You know what I'm saying? Like his, I've been able to be blessed to watch him up close and his work ethic is like incredible and his love for music. It, it just never goes anywhere. And you understand why he sold like 300 million records and been, he's like hip hop's Michael Jackson, if you would, because if you think about it, there's not that many people that were like child stars that went on to become superstars and more successful as they get older. You know what I'm saying?


How Many, how many songs y'all got in the vault together? One joint. We got one on like unreleased joint. Okay. Yeah. That, that mentorship and that guidance is like you is, you can't put a price tag on that. How'd y'all meet? I did a interview with, he had a young Money, not had, he has a Young Money radio. Oh, that Apple music. Yeah. So we started with that. Then I got his number, he shot me his number through there. And it's just been like back and forth since then, You know? And The song oh six Dreaming. Yeah. Talk about your mom and her musical dreams and how she tried out for making a band and American Idol. Yep. And you sampled one of her old songs. How she feel about that when she heard it? Oh, she liked it. Yeah. She liked it a lot. Yeah, she definitely liked it. 'cause it's just like, that's one of my favorite songs.


'cause it's obviously, it's close to home, but it's like a story of irony of just like, and also a story of how like, you can love something so much that it gets passed down to your kids whether you like it and whether, You know, you have an influence on that, like outwardly or not, You know? And so I, I love it again. 'cause it's a close to home. It's a story of irony and it's just hip hop of like, yo, I sampled one of my mom's old songs telling the story. I mean, she definitely got her pub and points for sure. She ain't charged me. I made sure, You know, she eating off that. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So she gotta just do for show. So I, I say all this to say, I, I rock with that song a lot. Ain't You kind of glad she ain't make the band? I know you aec static. She ain't make the band right now. You say, you say that on the record, you, you said, I can't remember what the line was, but on you said, you basically said you think Puff is a victim of his own karma.


He made him run six miles and your mom didn't make the band. So do you really, do you think that, do you think Puff is a victim of his own karma? Because you said, look at Puff now. That's one way that it can be interpreted, it can be interpreted in a bunch of different ways. You know, it just depends on like what lens or what air you listening to it. What'd You mean by the Bar? You know what? To be honest, like, that bar was something I was so like hesitant on saying because like above all else, not even above all else, like above all else, I'm a human being. Right? But with a, being a human being, I'm, I'm super like publicly, I don't ever wanna speak bad about another black man, but damn the is making it hard. You know what I'm saying? Honestly, like pause. Oh my God.


Oh my God. Super Paul Crazy. Yo, my goodness Said Puff is making it hard. Yo. Wow. You know what I meant by that? No I don't Corrugate. No we don't. Nah. Hey, hey, nah, we ain't finna do this. We ain't finna do this. The pause, the pauses that you have, that's Facts. He, he got some pauses. So I say this to say, go back to my man, let's leave this shit alone, man. There's no right answer to this. I tried to joke around this shit, You know, but John some profess, but yeah, to my point, like, I don't ever wanna publicly speak down on another black man, but like, oh, You know, You got a song on the album with Kanye. You talked about it earlier. It's called No Bad Juice.


Why would you do that? No Bad Juice. Yo, you crazy man. No, yo, you're crazy. It's called No Bad News. Oh, News. Yes, you're right. I'm sorry. Yeah. Yeah, it's called No Bad News. How was that? Because I know he's on your Mount Rushmore. Yeah, I mean, bro Bunk Get juice, bro. Yo, That's what I thought it was called. This might be a typo. I'm sorry. Yeah, yeah, yeah, it could. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, that's definitely a dream come true bucket list. What'd You learn from that session, Man? I mean, yo Ye's. One of the, the, the goats. Like he, I had a different hook for that song and he sent over notes of like, instead of saying this, You know, say this. That's What I Just said. Yeah. Yeah. So let me finish. Okay. Okay. My bad, my bad. That came off. You been, you been throwing me like messing with messing.


I know, I know. Messing with you. I know you just Talked, you called it no bad news. He wanted to call it something else. No, no, that's not the title. There was no back and forth over the title. But yeah, basically like, yo, this, I mean point blank period. Yeah. Is a genius, creative genius at the highest level. What can I say about him creatively that he doesn't already know and that we as The World doesn't already know, but definitely a bucket list to work with him for sure. I know that you, you said you like to be with your, your baby girl, your daughter. Yeah. How are you and Naomi though? We good? I just seen that y'all had a big night like a couple nights ago at Jamie Fox. Y'all was at something. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Nah, we good man life, y'all Know, because y'all don't post each other.


Yeah. So much. If people even speculate about that, maybe they broke up or anything that speaks to what you was talking about, about just everything connecting negatively. Yeah, Yeah, for sure. Me, honestly, like I am a super private person. I am like, I try my best as much as I can be. Like when it comes to my personal life to be super private, like as much as I can be, because some stuff you gotta keep for yourself. And when you allow like outside opinion, when you let and outside opinions can be family members, You know what I'm saying? And that can get in the way of stuff that's important to you. So, man, when you add The World to that, that that's a whole nother thing. And so I try to be as private while speaking on it now, but I try to be as private as I possibly can about like my personal life.


Like, You know, even with my daughter and, You know, my relationship and stuff. Do You still talk to the YB and crew? I talk to Almighty J I don't really talk to Namir like that, to be honest. Okay. Why? I don't know. Like, I, it's for me, there's no matter what Namir got to say about me publicly, there's always a level of respect and appreciation that I have for Namir that like, nobody can ever get me to like talk bad about Namir, You know what I'm saying? Because like, yo, that dude threw me the oop And I called it and dunked it. He, he, she shined that light on me. And I'm like, for, I'm not even saying this to be like politically correct, it's just the God's honest truth. I'm super grateful for him. Like he changed my life, You know what I'm saying? For lack of a better word. And so, like I said, he shined that light on me, You know what I'm saying? Threw me the oop, You know, I caught it, windmill it, and I got so much love of him.


Like, I talked Namir mom more than I talked, than Namir, You know what I'm saying? Like that, that's how that is. But let's listen to something off the album. What you wanna hear Off the album, man? I don't know man. Y'all, let's do Saturday morning Fat chain rod wave. Let's do that One. Oh my God. Oh my, this is crazy. Salute the rock. Wave Love Rob. Yeah. Now I, I, people Misunderstood that line. I think though. What is that A misunderstand? I'm dealing with a lot of problems. I don't know if y'all can relate. Feeling like rod wave I got a lot on my plate. Didn't mean food. Oh, he Not saying like he, Yo he saying a lot of responsibilities. Yo, when the black Scully go on, this man is crazy. Yo, it smash yo. Who, what color Air forces do this matter. Yo. I mean, but that goes back to like my like freedom as an like me expressing like my sense of humor and my freedom as a, like this is hip hop.


It's a double entendre. Yeah, it is. So I say this to say that goes back to the point I made earlier, like me just being as free as I possibly can versus me like worrying about what people think. But I mean, bro makes dope music obviously. Absolutely. You know what I'm saying? Great artists. So yeah. The Crossroads out now. Yeah, I know, right? Let's Get into the joint right now is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. It's score day, y'all. That was Saturday morning featuring Lil Wayne. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. I was gonna ask, how, how do you deal with social media? Are you on social media? Because between your girl yourself, if she has a bad game, they blame it on you. Yeah. If you have a bad album, they blame it on her. So it's like, how do you deal with that as far as mentally and even in your relationship?


Well, it comes down to like, I've truly, like, I don't give a fuck all what people think because people, I've learned too that internet isn't a real place. Like it, it has influence, right? It does have influence, but it's, it is not a real place and people are always going to say something. People nitpick anything apart. Like literally people always,


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with a nice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola company.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play in a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


It is Ryan Seacrest here. There was a recent social media trend, which consisted of flying on a plane with no music, no movies, no entertainment, but a better trend would be going to Chumba Casino dot com. It's like having a mini social Casino in your pocket. Chumba Casino has over a hundred online Casino style games, all absolutely free. It's the most fun you can have online and on a plane. Live the chumba life at Chumba Casino dot com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus Terms Inc.


How Do you feel when you switch to Geico and save on your car insurance? It's like going to work on Thursday morning and thinking to yourself just one more day until Friday. But then somebody walks into the elevator and says, happy Friday. Then you check your phone quickly and discover Today is actually Friday. So yes, happy Friday. Random stranger in the elevator. Happy fry. Yay indeed. Yep. Switching and saving with Geico feels just like that. Get more with Geico.


Find something negative in the most positive stuff. Charlamagne. You can do a toy drive and give away a hundred thousand dollars worth of gifts. And if you got a cameraman there gone be like, oh, you just did it for the camera. And let's just say you did, you, you overlook the positive part of like, yo, this just gave away a hundred thousand dollars worth of gifts. You know what I'm saying? And so people always gonna have something to say, You know what I'm saying? Do You feel like sometimes being the boyfriend of her overshadows you being corde? Nah. 'cause I was corde first and like, I'm, I'm very confident, like in myself, like as a, I don't really like to pop my, but like I'm a super successful like young black man bro. You know what I'm saying?


Like, I'm wealthy, I'm blessed, I do it. And above all else, I'm a man of God. And I'm a pro, not prideful, but I am a, a very unapologetic black man. You know what I'm saying? And I say all that to say, yeah, no there isn't. Alright. Never see it with ju CJ joking you, you, you say you might see me stressing over blessings that I prayed for. Yeah. And I wanna talk about that line because I overstand it. Yeah. Like expound on that Like, bro, like this the stressful, bro. What's the most difficult thing you have to deal with? Because people look at your life and be like, you, you popping. Yeah. You, You got a great career. Yeah. Great family. You living family. You got a Kid. I'm handsome.


He's like, never forget that y'all gay. Why you ain't say that first? Yeah. I'm Six feet tall and, You know, super handsome. We get it, we get it, we get it. I was waiting for somebody to say it, but you handsome. Yo, you handsome bro. Appreciate I play gay on the radio. I'm not really good. You know, Honestly, it's the thing that's like whatever's currently, presently in front of me. Like, it's never one constant enemy. It's always some, it'd be some solution based and like, You know, just try to be as solution based as possible. Now you did post a picture of yourself with Beach I Was just raised to ask about And you put hashtag free Luigi.


Yeah. People were mad about mad at you about that. They are, they assume the free Luigi Who's people who is this target demographic of people. That's mad because I didn't know that We were mad at the free Luigi. Because You know Luigi, if if it's the same Luigi Yeah. We don't know. He's the gentleman that killed the CEO of United Healthcare. Yeah. I ain't know my name. Luigi Mario brother was locked up, man. Yeah, Yeah. You dead yo. Okay. But Anyw who? But yo, I'm just in a space now. Another big thing that I've, and like the, like one crossroad I've gotten past is like being super, I set, I've done a lot of things that I wanted to do thus far.


Right? And I know it's so much more that I gotta do. I'm still on this, this journey. If you look at all my albums, they all represent a journey from The Lost Boy to the Crossroads. It's all, if you look at it, it's all a journey. 'cause that's kind of what life is, right? So on this particular moment in my journey, I felt as though in the past I've been a little too, like scared to be canceled, for lack of a better word. Or fearful to say what I really feel about certain because of like protecting what I've built. You know what I'm saying? Like when you built and saved up millions of dollars or like, or a brand or whatever the case may, may be a company business. Like you wanna protect that. And sometimes protecting that causes fear. And you the move through fear. So I've kind of entered into this space now of like, yo, I, I'm a creative first.


I'm a artist first. And I gotta just say what's on my mind. Like, You know, don't be an idiot. You know what I'm saying? Don't, don't be dumb, You know, but like, yo don't be as like politically correct and like scared to offend anybody because you're just going to be bland if you're just like, oh, I don't wanna offend this person, or I don't wanna offend this person. I don't wanna make this person mad. You know what I'm saying? To where like, I've been doing that hella like in my creative. And so I don't think he is a monster. Like, You know what, I'm gonna say this, this is, this is gonna be my politically correct answer, but it's also my authentic true self. So this is the, I'm not gonna say this a medium, but authentically me as a, a individual, I am not well searched enough on the monities of the healthcare industry and what the guy that got killed had to do with it.


I just know that the American healthcare industry is fucked up. So I don't wanna speak on the assassination of that particular individual without doing my proper research on what that particular individual had to do with the overall scope of The fucked up late. You already put free Luigi too late. Well, you picked a side, You Know, free That another line on Never see it. You said you would never see me partying with the Michael Rubins. Yeah. Why is that? So look, let me say this, right? He has this, it's, it's crazy because he has this program called Reform that actually got that that does amazing work, honestly. And it got a bunch of people out. It actually got like some of my closest friends outta jail, like straight up outta prison.


Like got 'em an appeal. Like they do amazing work, right? So I will wanna start off by saying that, but I mean, bro, it's just, it's just going back to that place of me being a free creative. You know what I'm saying? And say what I feel if I think some, and that includes humor, You know what I'm saying? Some of my favorite rappers had like social commentary through humor. And so like, I've always done that since the very beginning. But when I got lit and to lose, I stopped doing it as much. 'cause I didn't wanna burn bridges. You know what I'm saying? And so I say this to say, we all, it's just me joking. I see on line the behind the back hugs. I'm like, yo, that's crazy. You wanna see me doing that? And so, funny enough, and again, acknowledging I did wanna acknowledge he has this program called Reform that does amazing thing, right?


So when I said that line, I have never met this day in my life. One week after that song come out, I meet this and he, hell cool. You read that at a commander's game. Did he hug you? Huh? He hugged you. Nah, I ain't say Behind. I just said, did he hug You Man, look that I said what? I said I dapped him up. He hella, he's actually hella cool. And like I said, the work he does with reform is amazing. And He's put a lot of money in black, black people's pockets. Mm. Yeah. Like I just had a, I had an interesting conversation with Lil Baby recently and he, he was talking about that And I think that, You know, sometimes people just really go where the information is. Yeah, no, exactly. And he's, he's, I only met this dude one time and he was like, like I, again, I felt kind of bad after meeting because You know, when you online he's just like, I'm making fun of it.


But then when you actually meet the person, they become a real person, which is also what fans think of artists. So, You know what I'm saying? It's like a duality of it. So not, I met him and he became a real person. But like when I met him, I'm like, oh wow. You're like, you're really, you're the complete opposite of what I thought you were, were like, You know, cool. That's why everybody's at your parties. 'cause you're super Cool. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, so You would go to one of his parties? Nah, I can't now. I still, I can't, I can't stands Advice Naomi, but not you Then she, I don't know. I'm not gonna answer that. I don if I, If I Commit any crimes, I'm committing with this. He Ain't gonna Talk about interview. He might rap about it, but he ain't going talk about it at All. Yeah. Yeah. That's funny. That's worse. Now rapping about it and talking about it.


I I do have one last question I guess. Oh God, no, No. Come on. Can I just put Album is fantastic. This just a personal thing. Let's Leave on that. No, no. I'm, I don want you Go ahead as a man. What did you do to help your lady get through her postpartum? I would say, I don't know. I don want, I don't want to act like I'm the perfect person and be given advice. I'm the perfect example of what to do is just be as present as you can and be as understanding as you can and be a man. You know what I'm saying? Alright. All Right. We appreciate you, brother. The album, the Crossroads is out right now. It's The Breakfast Club, it's Cord Day. All right. And let's get to just with The Mess News is real.


Just Robin Moore, just Don't do no lie. Don't Do, She Don't nobody Worldwide. Jess Worldwide Fashion on The Breakfast Club. She's a ship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it on. Thank you Auntie Monique. All right, so Snoop addresses Kendrick lyrics. All right. He sat down with Bootleg Kev. And if we remember back when Drake and Kendrick were in the middle with that red beef, Drake dropped TaylorMade Freestyle. That was an AI generator song that uses the voices of Snoop Dogg and Tupac to insinuate Kendrick like the West Coast legends down.


So after the release of the song, Snoop apparently shared the post. He shared the post that had the song on it, and Kendrick wasn't too happy about that. So while Bootleg Kev had Snoop on the song, I mean Snoop on the show, he asked him about, You know, how, how he felt about that. I mean, it was like a AI transposed version of you on that song, which was crazy, right? Like, yeah. That, that is diabolically like one of the Weirdest things. But the crazy part is, I, I could say it. What happened was I did a collaborative post with someone. So when I do it, I don't listen to the music. I just see gin and juice. 'cause it's my brand. So when I post it, I'm thinking, I'm posting gin and juice. I don't know what song this is. I don't, I'm not hip to everybody's music. Right? Then I get the word nephew didn't like what you did.


What did I do? You played some music. What music? Then I had to go look at the, I'm like, oh, that's 'cause damn. So then I deleted it, called Nephew, left him a message. 'cause he ain't pick up. He was working on his, I left him a message nephew, this Uncle Snoop. I got the message. I apologize. I was fucked up. My bad. That's so grown up. That's so grown up. It is. That's real. But what age? The worst, the tailor made song Bananas are Roseanne Ball. Ooh, that's hard. Damn, that's hard. Steph Song Age terrible. Well, You know, in, in the, in the, in the middle of Battle Bananas it don't, it was good. And then, and then he just came back with the No, no, it age. It just always weird to me.


I thought it was weird to, to have somebody. I thought it Was created when I first heard I was still alive. A AI generator song with somebody that's still here. I Just thought it was, thought it was, it just creative the way it went down. But then just Kendrick came with the shotgun. Yeah, it aged terribly. 'cause he just was saying, hit me, hit me. Kendrick hit Me. What you waiting on the hit me? I dare ya. I Triple Dogg dare yet a hit Me. So stupid. Boom, knocked out. He ain't got up since Have not still, still struggling, You know. But when Kendrick released GNX, he made mention of the situation in the song Wacced Out Murals. Edibles. I couldn't believe it. It was my right for me to ready to go. So Snoop also addressed how he felt when he heard the song. That's my nephew, man. He is a rapper man.


He's supposed to speak his mind and tell his truth. Yeah. That's the way he felt. You know what I'm saying? And he has the right to say that I'm his big homeboy. So I have to take what's given to me from his perspective because he's speaking truth. And the truth shouldn't hurt you. It should make you better. You know what I'm saying? I'm, I'm one to accept truth when it's brought to me directly. He feels that I shouldn't have played that. Damn I was on them. Edibles. My gotta be more careful. You right that field. I love that man. That's, I, that's grown up Snoop. That's him just really listening and really understanding. Most people would've had ego and when they be like, who do image me? And I'm gonna come back at you but not Snoop. And I love Snoop for that man. That's Right Snoop. And I don't believe it's an edible alive that can impact Snoop. That's Number one. Right.


But I do, I do honestly believe that it's just a collaborative post. A lot of these people don't be paying attention to listening to the whole post or whatever. Like when somebody collaborates with you and you just know that page. He just probably accepted, he approved the invited collaboration and, and just later on was like, oh crap. But he said he, he deleted it or whatever. Bootleg. Kev also asked him about how he felt about the lawsuit. Your thoughts on the lawsuit. Next question. I I ain't gotta ask. Huh? Next question. You know, we, and on the West we hold court the streets girl such And Drake lawsuit. I meant to say Drake's lawsuit to be more specific. Such a lost art, just to say next question. I Know, right? Nobody says that no more. Yep. Yep.


If he said next question to still answer it though. But Yeah. Next question. Still answer Next question. So the bootleg calv, the drop on a cruise box for Bootle Calv. Great conversation. So what's the Bootleg Calv? Yep. Potential Sexy Red and Gorilla collab Double XL featured Sexy Red and Gorilla as their recent cover story called Two of America's Most Wanted. I think that's really dope. That's, that's dope. 'cause seeing how America is receiving these two young ladies, that's the play on a song by Tupac and Snoop Dogg called Two of America's Most Wanted and honor of their collab cover. Double XL had the ladies interview each other and while they were talking, they spoke about a collab album and what it would sound like. Fans have been asking us to do a joint mix type together. How would Glow and Sexy Projects sound to you?


Ratchet is yes. That is it gonna be some Super Red Don't hate Us. No, I think they love it. I think they'll love it. They love because we both trench side five. You know how two young ladies, You know how we talk as though like Yeah, that's what I'm saying. When I first came out with Pon F they was like, who it the about like, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. You snapped out with F effing F Yeah, but game that one. I like that. Yeah. I think it's almost done. I, when I sat down with Gorilla for my outer context series, I I asked her about that. You did? Did I think I think it's almost, I think it's day. I think it's real. I think it's a real thing. Could you spilling some tea? Yeah. You sure did. Flyboy. I mean that's the Clair You get the conversation.


You did what? I already had the conversation with her. That's not spilling tea. You sure did. We actually had audio. But since you already shot it. Okay, cool. I pulled her up 'cause I remember you asking her about that. That's what's up. And she asked you who told you? And you sat there and act like you didn't know Because I don't remember who told me. You always doing that. And I totally remembering who be telling. I just be hearing things What ever. But I think that's dope. And I actually like what Sexy Red was saying. She, You know, gorilla was like, we gonna make people mad. Sexy was like, nah, I think they gonna love it. I think that's how also she's gotten so far too. She don't let You know outside people, people who hate her, that she don't let that opinion weigh heavily on her success. Like she just keep on going. I think that's what's gonna make it a really good collab.


Yeah, but they can't drop till it's Wong. Nobody will hit no gorilla and Sexy red when it's cold out in the winter. Nah, you don't want, ain't no winter weather. They gotta drop spring summertime. You are Right. You're right. But I think it'll be dope that they, they could possibly have the, the album of the summer. The album of the summer with, with the bops that they gonna put together if they get on tracks together. So Yeah. And I think they, well besides Kendrick, I think they run the summer anyway. Yeah. Illa and Sexy Red already. Yeah, Absolutely. Besides Kendrick. Yeah. Kendrick's record. They not like us. Oh, mean this Summer? Yeah, this summer. I'm about to say. Yeah, no, no. This one Kendrick was running summer. No, no. I said this summer. And this might Looking a little bit too much in the future, but a tour. Imagine what that tour would look like. Sexy, red and Glow. What bunch of women out there with short shorts on Tampon Springs hanging out in the museum. You Hey yo. Yeah, I mean, yeah, but be some stinky ass stadiums.


But it is Gonna be cool. Jesus. I Think that'd be cool. They should have me open up, do about 20 minutes of comedy to talk about everybody in the crowd. Get them mad and then have them girls come out. I like it. I think that'd be dope. Like it sounds Good. Well that's just with the best. And if you wanna see those ladies this Thursday, if you're in Atlanta Jingle Ball Atlanta, both of those ladies are, will be performing. So are are they both performing Sexy Reds performing? Yeah, TIS perform, gunna perform and perform. And radio stations Got some kind of budgets nowadays. I don't know how Louis put this one together, but you got em Together And Sexy Red Gorilla and sexy red. That was about Have a ticket alone. Jesus. That's right. Jesus. At least. So get your tickets. It's this Thursday Jingle Ball Atlanta. Can't wait to see you guys. All right. We got donkey today Coming up. Yes. We need Robert and Robert Langly and Tanisha eBay to come to the front of the congregation.


They think they Santa Claus. We gonna discuss. All right, we'll get to that. Next it The Breakfast Love. Good morning. Your Execution on the donkey of the day is something to behold For me to read. They gave me Donkey of the day And I deserve, the people Need to know. Well you need to tell them. I am. Did you have the voice? Tell them. Tell them. Tell them tell. It's time for Donkey of the Day. It's a read, but you're so good at it. You trying to be a fake ass charlamagne There only one Charlamagne damn Charlamagne. Who you Give Dusty the day too. Well sexy. Right. Donkey of the day for Wednesday, December 18th goes to Robert Langley and Tanisha eBay. They're 33 and 32 years old respectively.


And they was trying to duck the law. Okay. Just like you did last night. It's okay. Alright. Somebody out there listening to me right now ran from the police late last night, early this morning. It happens. I understand. All right. One of the best feelings in The World is running from police and getting away. Trust me, I know. I sold crack once. Okay. When the police come to raise your spot and you hit the woods and get away. What an exhilarating feeling. Now you shouldn't be doing illegal things that will make the police come after you. I'm not encouraging that. I'm just simply saying that when you are doing illegal things and the police come for you and you get away. Incredible. Now Robin and Tanisha don't know what that feels like. No. See, officers tried to execute a warrant on a property in Fall River, Massachusetts and Robin and Tanisha tried to get away, but it didn't work.


Let's go to NBC 10. Boston for the report. Please. No, that's not Santa Claus. You're looking at police body camera video from Fall River. It shows a man there stuck in a chimney. We're told officers executed a search warrant at a home on Canal Street last night. That's when 33-year-old Robert Lang Lace tried to evade arrests by hiding in a chimney. It didn't work. He got stuck. Police had to call in the fire department to get him out. Lang Lace is facing drug charges. See, this is what happens when you believe in Santa Claus every year. You all get mad at me for telling the truth. Hey, nope. Santa Claus is not real. Hey. Okay, liar. Ball have both. Santa Claus is not real. Santa Claus is not real.


Santa a gr grin. Gr gr gr gr cr gr. Turn right down if you got kids. Liar. Okay, number one, reindeers don't fly. Yes they do. Number two, you don't even own a chimney. Alright, number three. If you owned the chimney, why would Santa Claus be able to fit down it? Have you seen Santa Claus? He's built exactly like former governor of New Jersey. Chris Christie. All right. There's no way. There's no way his big ass could fit down a chimney. But you humans have convinced yourselves that the story of saying is real. And being that you all think Santa is real. You think what Santa does is real And you thought your dumb ass could just slide down a chimney and end up where Exactly. Huh? In somebody's living room eating milk and cookies. Huh? Now Robin and Tanisha were both charged for possession of class A and B drugs. And I had to look that up. Okay. Class A drugs in Massachusetts are heroin, morphine, meth, ecstasy and ketamine.


All right. Class B drugs. Who said mm, somebody in this said that was you? They said, mm damn Nick, Nick's ready for vacation. Sure we don't drug test up here. My God. Class B drugs are cocaine. Crack. L, s, D and ecstasy. Okay, listen, none of this is surprising. In light of the circumstances, whoever made up the story of Santa Claus was high as hell. Okay? It's the only explanation. And the fact we created this one size fits all story that doesn't even make no damn sense, hasn't even really stood the test of time. If you think about it, we live in the era of Amazon, FedEx, UPS dropping packages off all types of day, all times of night. But all Santa got is a bag.


One bag like he ahoe who just stayed over for the night and he got something for everybody in The World in just one bag dressed in all red. So he don't go to Crip neighborhoods, huh? Not to mention nobody ever questions. Who exactly are the elves? I don't think they are elves at all. I think Santa Claus is engaging in child labor. Okay? If he's real, he got a bunch of kids with the Nor Pole treating 'em like slaves. Either that or they are desperate migrants from Mexico and Santa Claus is benefiting from cheap illegal labor. Now some of y'all out there are saying to yourself, Charlamagne is on the radio making up things about Santa Claus. If you feel that way then you too are on class ar, class B drugs. I'm making up things about a made up thing. Yeah. The moral of the story is police described Roberts antics as Santa like, well this the season.


Please give Robert Lang the sweet signs of the Hamiltons. Oh now you the of the day of the day. He haw And be so mad at you. For what? 'cause Santa Claus Is real. Santa Claus is real. I don't know why you'd even say that is Real. Your ass all year long to give a fat white man the credit for take taking care of your family. I Didn't say Santa was white. I just said Santa is real. Well either way you giving another man credit. But That is crazy though. Sand is real.


Exactly What type of man gives another man credit for taking care of his family? He grew up Jehovah Witness. Oh my God did. I mean, oh my god. He did. Yeah. It's the whole community and we Grew up dealing with reality. So yeah. So saying it is real and and so, and shelter all the kids out. So the Color of Your bed being good out there so Santa can get by the way. That's right. Thank you so much. So Santa could get you toys and the elves Santa watching you guys to make sure you guys are doing the right thing. So you can get more toys from Santa. He has children, young children. Charlamagne. So do I. Okay. Who think y'all live in a Civil rights witness? Who Laugh at us? Who laugh at us? 'cause they're like, why are you trying to convince us that this entity is real? But your kids Kids, Kids are two different levels.


Yo, your kids know more about civil rights and everything. Like he hasn't introduced that to them yet. So you gotta relax please. Just three. She's just three. Three. I know she's Just three. Damn. All right. Jesus. I ain't, I ain't gonna lie. I don't know. The last time I seen a chimley, What is the chimley Was stressed out. Stressed. When you, when you make up your little words, And I know it's because you got your list going on, but I I it's always been chimley for me. I'm sorry you Got a fireplace? I have a fireplace, but I don't have a chimney. If you have a fireplace, you have a chimney. Oh. So what is it? Where is that? In the attic Or something? Oh, You know what? I've never seen a chimney before. I be honest with you.


I don't know if I got a chimney either. Exactly. I got an electric fire place though. Oh, so see, now how do you do that? You have a chimney, sir? With an electrify place? Yes. I don't know. And we know about houses we got. I know we don't got Santa Claus. Yo, shut up. Okay. I know we ain't got that. I know that much. You know what, when we come back, Jason Lee will be joining us. So we gonna kick it with Jason Lee. Jason Lee used to be built like Santa Claus, but he's not no more drop on the clue bus from Jason Lee. So think about O Jason Lee sliding down to Chimney. You believe that? Sliding down to Chimney? That's not gonna happen. I hate this place, man. All right. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy.


Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the Building. Councilman Councilman Jason Lee? Yeah, It's good to give. Good to be back. How You feeling sir? I'm feeling Good. You know I'm out here dodging these murderers on the streets of New York. Yeah, sometimes. Sometimes that Happens. And I ain't talking about the hood. I'm talking about, You know, the healthcare. Yeah. Well congratulations first and foremost. Thank you. Does that change anything with Jason Lee? No, it doesn't. It should. It's still gonna be the same. No, it doesn't. You know, I was laughing when y'all did the Megan Thee stallion story. He is having the message councilman. You know, the reality is politics are messy. You look at Trump, Trump has been able to win the highest office in the country, the leader of the Free World facts with what he's done. And so, no, I mean, I'm evolving as a person.


I'm in therapy, thanks to you. Of course. Sober now. 15 months, 47 grown. Congratulations. Yeah. So I mean, I'm evolving, but I'm not gonna change. I'm gonna always, always just stay true to who I'm you. What was it? Healthcare unlocked? Yeah. So you were already, I'm, I'm not, not ahead of the curve, but you were already peeping the injustices that were helping in the healthcare system and you decided to do something about it. Yeah, Yeah. I mean, before entertainment, I worked in the labor movement for 11 years as the staff director for one of the largest healthcare unions in, in The World. So I was already doing the work and then, You know, part of just being active in my community, I always felt like once you build your platform, you have the influence, you have the relationships, you should be doing something with that. And just the evolution of my world and the entertainment industry, I just kind of felt like I was falling outta love with entertainment.


'cause it wasn't what I thought it was on the outside. And I just felt like my purpose wasn't being used. So I just, You know, found something else to do with my time. Went back home and ran and won. I was gonna ask, you said you've been sober before how many months? Almost 16. Congratulations. What, what got you to the point where you was like, I need to stop doing this. What was the last thing to be like? This is too much. Okay. Well I've never told this, but I, so I had a birthday party. I have a birthday party every year. I got so wasted at my party. I was drunk for three days. But that wasn't even a thing 'cause it was like, You know, you get older, it's harder to get sober. Whatever. I had woke up in my house, my friends, we all came back to my house after my party. I had lots of people in my house, but I woke up in the morning.


The Holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola, copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola company.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play, and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information. See Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


What's up y'all? This is Quest Love. And I'm here to tell you about a new podcast I've been working on with the story Pirates and John Glickman called Historical Records. It's a family friendly podcast. Yeah, you heard that, right? A podcast for all ages. One you can listen to and enjoy with your kids. Starting on September 27th, I'm going to toss it over to the host of historical records. Never need to tell you all about it. Make sure you check it out. Hey y'all. Emini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records. Historical Records brings history to life through hip hop. Fast slam. Another one gone.


Bam, another one gone the bat and another one gone. A Tip the cap. Another one gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the city bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing. Check it. And Did You know? Did You know I wouldn't give up seat nine months before? Rosa? Get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning in to historical records. Because in order to make history, you have to make some noise.


Listen to historical records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey everyone, it's John, also known as Dr. John Paul. And I'm Jordan or Jo Ho. And We are the Black Fat Film podcast. A podcast where all the intersections of identity are celebrated. We'll chat this year, we have had some of our favorite people on, including Kid Fury, ts Madison, Amber Ruffin from the Amber and Lacey Show, Angelica Ross and more. Make sure you listen to the Black Fat Fem podcast on the iHeartRadio app, ABBA podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts, girl. Ooh, I know that's right.


And there were people in my house that I didn't know And I had a gun that you didn't know that I did not know, And I had a gun in my robe. And I just thought like, if I would've woke up and went downstairs and found these people in my house, how I would've Shot 'em all, I would've shot all those people. You know what I mean? So then I called my friends like, why y'all leave these people in my house? They were like, oh, You know the party. So for me it was one, I got people around me who weren't making sure I was good. Yeah. Two, the Bible says, warning comes before destruction. That was a warning sign because you had a lot of fun, but that could have went south and yeah, it just was just was a bad thing. Yeah, I didn't wanna go out like that. And I do feel like people be crashing out and if there's these signs that come before they crash all the way out and they just don't listen to 'em. So for me, I heard that sign And I just literally quit and that was it.


Why'd you have a gun in your robe though? I don't know. I don't know how I got those. I mean, I got guns all over my houses and then now back, I'm back in Stockton, California. It's one of the most, You know, dangerous cities in the state. So like I always keep guns on me. I'm a concealed weapons holder, I think in this country right now, it's just so unpredictable. You should be ready to protect yourself at all Times. I have been. I mean, I, first of all, You know, I'm very inspired by watching you run for Stockton City Council and then win. But also, I just was concerned 'cause I'm like, I know how these people play dirty in politics. Yeah, yeah. That was never a concern of you. Nah, I play dirty too. We know Jay. Yeah. You know, but I, I, but I wanna shout out Kevin Hart, Floyd Mayweather, Babyface, Rihanna, everybody who actually got behind us that Floyd and Kevin donated a lot of money to get behind the campaign.


And we all won. So now we all took control of the city and now it's gonna be a different city moving forward. Wow. You had the nonprofit dinner that you had Rihanna host. Do you save those type of favors for moments like That? No, I've never done a favor for her. I mean, You know, she, Rihanna, she gave me the photos of her first kid and that we put out. She just, she just believes in what we're doing. I think she saw the, the person say what he said about, You know, go ask your rich friends. And she actually cares about The World. And now as a, as a new mom, she really is in love with like, You know, making sure that kids are taken care of and that, You know, people are doing what they can do to help 'em. I, new music son, I haven't heard the new music. That's a lie. And I, you start smiling when you laugh. No, you start smiling. Reason I laugh is because one, I I, I look at some interviews when I talk about her.


You know, that's one relationship. I don't even want to, I don't even want to talk about it 'cause it's just, You know, I, I do love her so much And I care about her and she's a sweet person, but she's so dialed in to what's happening. I've never asked to go to the studio 'cause I don't want to hear anything. 'cause I do have a problem keeping secrets sometimes. And that's one that I don't know. I, yeah, I haven't heard the music. Do You have anything that you regret though, since your sobriety? Like Anything? I don't regret anything 'cause I feel like everything I've done is a lesson. But I will say that when I was here, I did made that off the cuff comment about Jennifer Hudson. You said She was illiterate And a terrible and terrible host, terrible television host. Okay. We don't need to, Terrible.


Lemme say this. Let's go, let's play an audience. I'm just gonna, I will say this, You know, I think you could be critical of people without being mean. It wasn't off the cuff. Unplanned comment, talking about something completely unrelated. But then, You know, after that, You know, I, of course I got all the flack. That wasn't why I think I want to apologize for sure. Because I don't really care when people have an opinion about me online. I saw her at the Vice President's house and when I saw her, I just, I felt bad And I wanted to say something, but it was, You know what, what, what do you do? You do. It was the wrong setting to go up and have a conversation. Plus Karen Civil was right there and it was like, it was already too much going on And you couldn't pass her a note. 'cause you already said you don't think she can read. So you wasn't sure Jesus Christ.


Back to my apologies. No. 'cause what, You know, You know the game on the mainstream. I own my own platform. So I don't play the game. I don't have to audition. I don't have to be good for anybody. I just do what I do. I leave it there And I go, go on with my business. But in this world of entertainment, old white men, like the people who own DeMar Mercury will find a black person to market to white people because that's the advertising game. And I just felt like at the time, You know, she wasn't the best talk show host. I could have been critical of that decision and criticized them, not attack her. To say she was illiterate was wrong. Plus she's been through a lot of traumatic stuff. Like I having to see her in public and, You know, she gave me a lot of grace. 'cause she could have read outta me. She didn't, but I felt bad. I'm gonna send her a personal note and some flowers and, You know, piece it up with her.


You know, at least do my part. It's not to be friends or anything like that, but just, I just felt like it was unnecessary. I Was gonna ask, You know, have you ever ran in a common, like have 'cause You know Yeah. What the comment say anything about it or No? No. I, we, me and him talked at that party too. Me and Kamen we're not friends, but You know, we were friendly and we communicate a lot when he was dating Tiffany. So we're, we've been been in each other's faces. He's been on my show. He's cool. I I like and respect him. He didn't say anything, You know, we took pictures and it was cool. So he Keeps it, he keeps it separate. Yeah. You need a safety. Yeah. To the comment it, but I, what I, what I told Jason earlier, well, a while ago, is just like to do what you do and still have the relationships with celebrities is like unheard of. And Wendy didn't have that. I don't know if Perez Hilton did, but I know Wendy didn't have that. But I think the thing that people still fail to realize is that, You know, you can not like me or hate me or hate on what I do or whatever.


I still have a relationship with you, with everybody in the industry. Hollywood Unlocked has a relationship. Some just participate, some don't. I am though backing up from Hollywood unlocked as much as I can in the new year. I'm putting my staff out there more. I, I use Hollywood Unlocked to build my brand identity. I have it now. I really want to do things that are purpose driven. My community's important. My show, I'm in love with my show, but outside of that and my dogs, I really don't want to go nowhere. I don't want to do nothing. I don't want to really talk to nobody that don't have anything to do with what I'm on. You know, Hollywood unlocked that thing can go and run and my my team is gonna do that work. I still own it, make all the money. But yeah, the industry ain't what I thought it was. All We got more with Jason Lee when we come back, don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess.


Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking in with Jason Lee. Now I got a question. When you decide when you're not gonna tell a story or, or when you're gonna wait, right? So the Megan, the stallion story, you teased it months before it was released, By the way. I like how you set that up. Let me tell you, lemme tell you why I intentionally did that. And I like that you pointed out that it was in July. There's so many stories that we get on a daily basis. I don't get the grace for the stuff we don't put out. So you'll never know. Like, you'll never say Jason, man, he did that because I didn't do it. You know, you don't know what I didn't put out back to the Meg thing. The reason why I held onto that for so long, there's a couple reasons. One, You know, I love the fact that Michael Rubin has a successful career, successful businesses and lots of privilege that he takes advantage of and that he has the white party.


The white party I thought was ours from a long time ago, right before You know the baby oil and start flying around. Damn. But man, they, they, they took that. So now that's the party that everybody wants to go to, which is great. And I've been to it, it's a good party. You know, when Michael's not hanging on your back. When I, when I heard about what happened at the party, I was like, yo, that really went down. I wasn't there. You know, I didn't get my invite. So I'm gonna just hold onto that. Well, Megan and Winnie, I know both of them, but then just Megan, there's so much out there with her that people don't know. I just felt like, You know, and the party, I'm just going to drop it. But I have to win office first. That's why I had to hold on to it. I couldn't drop it while I was, I already went viral with the Jennifer Hudson thing. Now I'm gonna do this, so I'm gonna just wait. So I'll wait until I got elected, then I dropped it. I was also, I was also gonna ask, You know, with Trump suing and winning $15 million for somebody reporting a wrong story.


Yeah. Not just somebody that was georgen step snuffle stepping out. We know. Yeah. About, that's why they say his last name. So when it comes to your staff, do you tell them to make sure you understand what's going on? Because now if you report a wrong story, I mean, I reported the Queen died. And That's, that's my point. If you report the wrong story, they gonna be suing now because the fact that Trump get 15 million and the fact that Trump's about to change this whole media Landscape, believe is different. Jason, Why If you report the queen die and she didn't die, that usually is a career end up for a Lot. But here's the deal. One, we never saw her after I reported it. Two, that's not True. Oh my. No, we didn't hide Twitter right now. Everybody's on Twitter. She, we did not see her. We saw a photo of her that, You know, she was outside In the park drinking coffee or something like that.


Right. She was not. And she was she was gone. She was Gone. She had a Hollywood unlocked t-shirt on. Yo, shut up. So she Had a free windy mug. No, but You know, by the way, the, the way they've locked Wendy away is insane. Saw This weekend. Well I didn't see her. No you didn't. Somebody saw her in Florida. They said allegedly. That's what I said. That's what I said. That must Okay. Anyway, the Queen, we didn't see her after I said she was dead. So even though I was on vacation when I broke that I, You know, I kind of stand behind it. But as far as you Still stand behind who was on Vacation? Listen, I don't wanna double down anymore 'cause that was just enough. But she was dead. So look, I feel like I tell my writers all the time, and You know, you have to have lots, we have to have insurance, we have insurance for everything.


We have millions dollars worth of insurance. So if you do stuff, we get sued, whatever. I've been sued probably more than 20 times for using images we weren't supposed to use. But I mean, yeah, they, they do their research and they make sure that they follow the rules. But sometimes you make a mistake. That was a big mistake that George made though. One word. Yeah. But rape versus battery And defamation two, I mean, yeah, I'm with you. Yeah. Yeah. So we have to watch it. My show we on my show, we have insurance and stuff too, but I, I do have to watch what, what I say. 'cause people are suing. I'll sue. We should be suing them. You damn Right Jay-Z should be suing. But he will He suing. Is he suing right now? I hope so. I'm Sure you will. I hope. I'm sure. I'm sure it'll be a defamation. I hope. I hope so. Yeah. Now when you, when you become councilman in January, what's the first thing you want to do? Well, one, we're gonna restore order in my city.


Part of the problem is that I told everybody, And I think they, they, they haven't been listening to me on the campaign trail. 'cause they, they kind of wrote me off as he's just a rich out of town, celebrity, reality, star, blogger, whatever they did. Which is fine. 'cause that was, that was a distraction. I needed to put my, my, my head down actually win. I said, I'm gonna get in there and audit all the measure a money, all the money that you all have been spending and if I find anything wrong, y'all going to jail. And I meant that. And so the first thing on January 7th, I'm ordering an audit and I'm on the budget committee of all the money and they know that that's coming. And I can feel the shifting happening in my community. I think just how we invest in nonprofits, nonprofits led by women, people of color, really looking at how the city can partner to invest in those that are doing the real work and touching those who need it the most.


And then homelessness is a big issue in my community. So we've been bringing folks from the state there, this man named Mark Foe who's managing a $6.38 billion budget that the city never applied for. He's now in the city meeting with the county and city officials about how to get some of that money there for homelessness. And then, You know, just creating opportunities for young people because that's, that's city's where I met Queen Latifah 30 years ago that inspired me to get in entertainment and that literally locked everything. Yeah. So I'm, that's that's, let's tell him I'm, I'm very jealous of that. Your relationship. Yeah. We talk about you Don't lie. Yeah, For real. I, yeah, I told, You know, I told her, You know what you said that how much you, You know, care about her and love her And I love her too. And ironically she's never been, been on either of our shows. Never. Ain't that crazy.


I mean, I'm fine with it, You know what I'm saying? Like, but I, because she's been an inspiration from afar, her and Shakim. Yeah. Because I, I just always believe in, in building institutions, especially with, with black women. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. And I, and Shakim was one of the first brothers I saw do that like really say, yo, me and this black woman right here, we going build something and look what they've built. That's right. But You know what I learned in therapy? I, I respect you so much for encouraging me to go to therapy, but I also don't like that you encouraged me to go to therapy. I'll tell you why. I think therapy in many ways has made me softer. What's Wrong with that? I don't like that. What's wrong with that? I, I don't, You know, because I think it's okay to have feelings. Like I have feelings, right? I do have, I believe it or not, I have feelings, but I also feel like when people feel like you're vulnerable, they then try to take advantage of you even more.


And I have had more people trying it, but at least with sobriety and clarity, you see it now. And I'm like, And I call it out. What I learned in therapy though with, with Queen Latifah is that I feel like I had abandonment issues from my mom because my mother, when she was on drugs would come to the group home and visit me or foster trauma and then she would never take me home with her. And it wasn't because she didn't want me. She just was on drugs and couldn't, she just wasn't well, You know, and she had mental health issues and stuff. So because I wanted her to show up for me and she didn't. Now that I've become Jason Lee and Hollywood unlocked all that and Queen Latifah not showing up and my fans asking where she is, it was triggering. And it wasn't until I was in there, I was like, well I got abandonment. So I had to really like, compartmentalize that relationship and say I do have access to her. I love her.


She gave me inspiration to pursue my dream. She gave me the support where my brother was murdered and spent time talking to me through that. And I love her, which is more important, which is, that's all the more important stuff. And I also know she don't want to come on my show because when she does she bring her ass up there. We gonna really talk and we, when you talk to your friend ain't tell him what to come out. Yeah, Absolutely. And I love, we Appreciate you for joining us brother. Of Course. Councilman Jason Lee. That's right. It's Jason Lee. Ladies and Gentlemen. Councilman Jason Lee. Councilman? Councilman, Councilman Jason Lee. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Alright, well let's get to just with the mess y'all, Your music is real. Just Robin Moore, just don't do no lying.


Don't do, She don't. Nobody worldwide. Jess Worldwide on The Breakfast Club. She's a coach shooter. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it off. Chance to wrap. Her wife finally files for divorce. So it's a sad day in the Chi in the shy, y'all, his wife and the mother of his two baby girls. Kristen has filed for divorce after five years of marriage. They got married in March, 2019 and they've been together since 2013. She actually filed last Friday, but the, the news just broke. They announced their separation back in April.


Damn. She waited eight months to actually file. That's the crazy thing. So she might want it to reconcile or anything, but we don't know that. So a announcement from April, this is just going back, it says this is a statement after a period of separation. This is what she posted. Her and Chance posted this together that it was a, a joint decision after a period of separation, the two of us have arrived at the decision to part ways. We came to this decision amicably and with gratitude for the same time we spent together. God has blessed us with two beautiful daughters who we will continue to raise together. So the full docs, they're not available yet. So there's not much detail on what, who's getting what, what she's asking for, if she's asking for anything at all.


And his marriage has always been a big thing in his music. There had been an incident before they got married, earlier in the relationship they had, they was thinking about splitting up, but they got through it. And that was before their second child. Right. She had went to the court to prove that he was the dad because she was trying to put him on child support. So I guess that there was a situation, we don't know what the situation was, but that kind of like went away because they got together and had another baby after that. And then if y'all remember back in 2023 when he was outside, outside, remember it was the, it was a viral video of Chance getting danced on him when he was at Carnival. Yeah, he was at Carnival his 30th birthday. I remember.


I'm sure he was backing it up on him. Sis wasn't feeling that, You know, when she saw Kristen, she didn't, she wasn't feeling that. But after that is when everything got a little crazy and she's finally filed for divorce. Well, the big day was a project that Chance put out. And that's why if you're gonna make an album about your significant significant other, you have to make sure it's really, really good. Yeah. You have to make sure it's really good. So it's received by the public Well because if it's not received by the public well then it could have an impact on your marriage. I just made all of that up just now. You did, but you did. Yes you did. No, he did make an album pretty much about his wife and, and people made fun of him. And I commended him. I I got my wife. I, I remember people making fun of him. I I thought it was dope, the fact people, oh, why you doing it?


But that, that's his wife. That that's his soulmate. That what you thought is that Friend. But the Irish, the music should have been stellar is what I'm saying. Mm. I See you saying it wasn't stellar. I don can't remember it because I don wasn't, I don't remember hearing, I don't remember hearing it. I remember the backlash he got from it, how it was saying he was corny and all of that type of crap. But I didn't hear it. Yeah. It wasn't as, it wasn't, the music wasn't as bad as people tried to say it was. Mm. But I, but it did get a lot of backlash. I just think it was that one that woman was like, I love my wife. I love my wife. I love my, I think it was that one part that really, really threw people out. I gotta go back and revisit that album. Imagine that song over top of the video of the girl dancing with him on car at at Carnival. See that's what, backing it on him. See that's what people do and probably got him in trouble. But see I like Chance And I love the fact that he wasn't afraid to, to share his, his, You know, his love, his love and his emotions and everything.


The music got hit like it got hit. So You saying it flopped out. Like Jeff, somebody made an album about you and the album was whack. What would, how would you feel? I Would be mad. I'll mad as hell because it's about me saying, but You gonna break up with him. The Albums Trash. I'm not gonna break up with him. Especially if you married. I'm not gonna, that's not, that's not why I'm gonna divorce you. But I mean, I'm, I'm gonna be one of them critics too. Like, damn, you coulda came better now you gotta make another album to make up for this trash. And that one might be trash too. So look, don't sing about me. Don't, don't make no tracks about Me. He might come out with his best music. Nah, he might get on his marriage. J Blige, Keisha Cole, heartbreak. You know what I'm saying? I Get it, I Get it. I doubt it. We'll see. Anyway. Yeah, we ain't here from Chance in a while. Oh wow. Not A minute. He's probably going through it, man.


We don't know. But I'm not putting that on him. But it is, You know, dealing being as though there's a divorce on his hands right now. We don't Know. Nice guy though. Chance is a great guy. Guy, great guy. Yep. Kanye West. All right. So a and e is launching the third season. That's another Problem with Chance too. Kanye, that whole life a Pablo album took, took all chance's. Energy. That was Chance's. Energy. Yeah. Yes. Damn. So it's a show called Interrogation Raw Celebrity under oath. And the show dives into what really happens when a-list celebrities go to court. The new season is airing the day after Christmas, December 26th. And will feature footage from Kanye West's deposition, which was part of his 2020 tech lawsuit. For those who don't know, Kanye was accused of stealing technology to advance his Yeezy brand and launch his Sunday service.


The deposition was done virtually. So it's not like it was in a real courtroom, it was actually on like a Zoom or whatever. And when the deposition starts, Kanye has a head on that reads rooted in ignorance and he's wearing it very low, like over his eyes. You can't see his eyes at all. And an attorney on a virtual deposition asked Kanye to get off his phone. And this is how it played out. I see that you're looking down at probably a device. Are you on your phone? Yes. I'm gonna ask as a ground rule that you not be on your phone during the exam. Can we agree to that? Well, is that legally what it should be? I'm, I'm not gonna advise you as to the law, that's why your lawyers are here. But that is my ground rule Due to my mental geniusness.


In order to focus on this, what was I need to be on a phone. Counsel, do you wanna speak to your client before we continue Kanye? In terms of you can listen to the questions and answer them. Right. Okay. I get off the Phone. Mr. West, why have you gone the mask to start this deposition? Because you don't have the right to see my face. And is it your intention to wear that mask for the entire duration of your examination? Perhaps? You know, so in, In the clip you hear him ask why you dawned a mask? Right? That's 'cause when he took his head off, he, he pulled the quickly whipped the mask out his pocket pulled, put, pulled it out and it has a a, he put it on and it has a picture of Jesus on it.


Right. So it's a, a Jesus pty. You know, he put it on real quick and, and he don't feel like they should be able to see his face. But he also started going off. This is another clip from the deposition. I think y'all should hear this. Okay. Where are you currently giving the deposition from? Where is that room? I'm not Gonna tell you. You never gonna see me again, Madam Court reporter, same thing. Mark the transcript. And who is in the room with you? With anyone? No, this the show. No One's in this actual room with me. Okay. And what other things do you have in the room besides the phone that you've identified? Are you stupid? I'm not gonna tell you other things. I, I don't have the time to be talking about.


I got a chair in the room. I'm talking about You're talking to, you are talking to the richest black person in the history of America. No, that's not true. That was just a big ass lie. It's a big boldface lie. I will say though, o' Kanye really gives eighties, nineties celebrity energy. Like he was the last celebrity who gave that ridiculous eighties, nineties energy. Because you think, I think about who we came up on the, You know, the Michael Jacksons and the, the, the Dennis Rodman's. Just these people who just created these spectacles. That was Kanye. Yo, That would be dope if he would, if he'd have had his own music while he was talking because he's got one do Yeah, I know, right? No, that was, you ain't Got the thing to talk to me. The suspense. You Wanna know what's in this room.


Boom. Right? A chair. Yeah. Oh, that would've been dope. That that was the clip from the show. So the show did all that, the dramatics and everything like that. That's gonna be a good show though. So we need to catch that again. It comes out the day after Christmas. I don't think that's gonna help his deposition. I don't think that, that, that helped. Well, the season airs. You, you don't think this is gonna help his I I don think that would've I'm going off. No, I don't think that would help. Mm. But it was entertaining. It's Definitely entertaining. I'm gonna watch that episode for sure. But that shit just with the mess for the day. Alright, well I just wanna send a, a happy heavenly birthday to DMX. Today is DMX birthday. Yes, Indeed. And we're gonna start the mix off with some DMX. All right. Get your request in. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's D-E-J-N-V.


Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a suit court day for joining us this morning. Man. Make sure you check out Cord Day's new album. The Crossroads is out right now. I like that dude a lot, man. Kday can rap. He's a, he's a, he's a great artist but he's also a great person. Yes he is. And Jason Lee is stopping through as well. Salute to my guy, Councilman Jason Lee. The, the evolution of Jason Lee needs to be studied and it, well one day he's a whole different person. If I showed y'all Jason Lee 10, 15 years ago, you'd be like, who is this? Oh, you talking about like the weight of it? Everything that was I saying I'm physically, mentally Yeah, mentally definitely. He's a councilman now. That's Right. Yeah. That's, that's a flex. That is definitely, that is A big flex. So congratulations Jason To Jason Lee.


Yeah, that's right. And when we come back, we got the positive notice, The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club and salute to our camera guy. Nick. Nick's birthday is on the 30th. We won't be here for the 30th 'cause we will be on vacation, but Nick's birthday is on the 30th, so just wanna send Nick some love. Happy birthday Nick SLU guy. Nick. Very important piece of The Breakfast Club. You know, before there was even a big staff here at The Breakfast Club. It was the personalities, the producer and Nick. And You know, one reason The Breakfast Club has had so much success is because of what we do online. And, You know, big, I mean Nick is a, a intricate, intricate part of that.


That's right. He he is d part, He was the only part for a while. But yes, salute to Nick. Everybody Wanna take credit for having a big digital team now. It was not always like that. Okay. It was, it was just Nick. Yes. And we can even take it a step farther and say iHeart wouldn't have a digital team if it wasn't for Breakfast Club. Yes, you can say that. That's true. Facts. He, he's the blueprint. Nick is the blueprint for what this whole company does, man. So salute the guys like Nick slu, our guy Jamie too. Remember we had Jamie. Jamie was, yeah, Jamie was the originator the first person to start recording our interviews. Jamie's still here. He does not. I don't. He just not here. No, he ain't wanna deal with us no more. I don. No it wasn't us. It's something else. What is it not? You show it is always me.


Ain't yeah, always you man. Alright. Right. Positive note. Yes, I do have a positive note, man. And what I want to tell everybody on this beautiful Wednesday, you're awake, you're alive, you get to go to work or you get to go to school. You've been given another day to live. Another opportunity, a gift, a blessing that should not be taken for granted. Okay. I want you to treat today with gratitude and have a positive attitude and just see how much better everything feels when you do that. Have a blessed day. Are you happy? Jess? You already know I'm happy with the whatever. I'm ready to go. Okay. She doesn't sound like she has gratitude. Breakfast Club bitches. You finished or y'all done?


Hey everyone, it's John, also known as Dr. John Paul. And I'm Jordan or Jo Ho. And we are the Black Fat Film Podcast. A podcast where all the intersections of identity are celebrated. Ooh. Chat. This year we have had some of our favorite people on, including Kid Fury, ts Madison, Amber Ruffin from the Amber and Lacey Show, Angelica Ross and more. Make sure you listen to the Black Fat Fam podcast on the iHeartRadio app, I a podcast or wherever you get your podcasts, girl. Ooh, I know that's right.


Hey y'all. Nini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and is called Historical Records Executive produced by Questlove, the Story Pirates and John Glickman historical records brings history to life through hip hop. Mad Slam, another one Gone. Ba bam, another one Gone. A Crack a Bat, and another one gone. A Tip Bud. A caps, another one Gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the city bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing. Check it and Did, You know, Get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning in to historical records. Because in order to make history, you have to make some noise. Listen to historical records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.