
Treachery backstabbing murder. Emmy winning the traitors is back for an all new season. Here we go Again. Join me for the ultimate game of survival, where making it to the end is a matter of life and death. This game is torture dust. I can feel my blood pressure Rise. If you carry on with that cocky attitude, you might get yourself in trouble. Oh, I've missed this. The Trade US streaming now only on Peacock,


The New Year's here. It's the perfect time to refresh those household essentials and score some cash back rewards with Colgate Palm Olive from toothpaste to Dish soap. Chances are you've got Colgate, Palm, olive products on your shopping list and in your house. Right now we're talking brands like Colgate Soft Soap, Palm Olive, Irish, spring, Fabuloso, and TOMS of Maine. And right now, you can get up to a $10 digital Visa prepaid card when you buy up to $30 of Colgate Palm Olive products. Here's how it works. Spend $20 on their products. Get $5, spend $30, get a $10 reward. All you do is shop your favorite brands, snap a pick of your receipt and upload it to cp rewards.com. It's so easy. That's cp rewards.com. So grab what you need or maybe try something new and get rewarded just for doing your usual shopping. And start your year fresh by earning cash back rewards with Colgate Palm Olive Rewards available while supplies last limit. Apply us only 1, 1 25 through 3 31 25. For full terms and conditions, visit cp rewards.com.


I'm Jason Alexander. And I'm Peter Tilden. And together, our mission On the really No really podcast Is to get the true answers to life's baffling. Questions like, Why the Bathroom Door doesn't go all the way to the floor. What's in the Museum of Failure? And does your dog truly love you? We have the answer Go to really no really.com and Register to win $500. A guest spot on our podcast or a limited edition sign. Jason Bobblehead, the really no really podcast. Follow us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Good morning. USA Yo yo, Yo yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, Yo yo. Just hilarious. Wake That ass up. Charlamagne the guy. Peace to the Planet is Thursday. Yes, it's Thursday. How y'all Feeling? I am blessed black and highly favored, man. Happy to be here. Another today, another day to serve our beautiful listeners. How are you, Jessica? I'm good. I'm good. One day before, two days, I guess before the weekend. I got shows in California this weekend, so I'm actually, they still gonna, well what part of Cali? Well, one show Cabazon, I don't know if you say it. Cabazon or Cabazon. Is that anywhere near the fire? It's in Palm Springs? No. Okay. Malibu was like, hit. It is like destroyed.


So sending prayers out there like it, I seen a lot of the videos, people just driving and they go, everything is just on fire. I know it is. It is gonna take a while. So many people Lost their houses. It looks apo, it looks apocalyptic. And you know, the inter, I'm not gonna say the interesting thing, but it's just like, yo, you know, we all be so busy and there's so much going on in The World, and you always hear about wildfires in LA or wildfires in Cali. So I may not have been paying attention to it like I should have been. But boy, just watching the videos and everything last night, then you start checking up on your folks and seeing people lose their whole houses and schools gone. Neighborhoods gone. You like, what the hell? How'd that happen so quickly? And I sad. Yeah. And it wasn't just like, you know, you usually hear fires and, and you usually hear just a couple of people lost their houses, maybe 10 the most.


But Emini here, they're talking hundreds and hundreds and hundreds. And what's even more sad, they were saying that some of the insurance companies months before seeing this happening and canceled people's insurance. So a lot of people didn't even have homeowners insurance, so it won't even be covered. So when they lose everything, they lose everything. Yeah. Which is very sad. So, yeah, I was watching CNN last night, I think it was around six o'clock, seven o'clock, and it was like 0% containment. Yeah. Yeah. I seen that yesterday too. It's Like blocks and blocks and blocks of fire. And there's no way to put it out. Like you can see people trying, it's hard. Yeah. Take they taking water out of people's pools. They trying whatever they can to stop it. And it's, it is, it is very, very sad. I, I seen that one video that little Duval posted. I thought it was fake. I was like, this can't be real.


Yeah. But they're saying it was real. It's two gentlemen and their dog were in the car in their house, and they're showing the video outside and it, their whole house is surrounded by fire. They said that, you know, firefighters actually, you know, saved them. But that's crazy. Yeah. Yeah. I, I saw that video. I guess it's real, I don't know. That's the other thing, when you watching some of stuff online. True. You don't know if it's real or not Emini here, but people were, well, The news reported, that's why I said it's real. But it could, you know, news could have got it wrong Too, too. And we know Emini here, we know enough people out there laid out posting they own videos to know that it is a dire situation going on out there. So absolutely. Prayer's up for everybody in LA And I, I, you know, like I told my a lot of my homies yesterday. Just tell me what, tell me what I can do. Right. Because some things are just out of our control and this definitely seems like one of 'em.


Absolutely. Alright, well, today on the show we got Leon Thomas joining us. He's a, a singer songwriter, producer, actor. He has a new album, mutt. We're gonna be talking to him. He actually, Phenomenal singer songwriter. I think he's the best male r and b singer out right now. Yeah. He's been doing this too. And he's also a child actor too. He's one of my, my sister's favorites. Really? Used to watch him on Disney all the time. Yeah, He did Disney. Victorious. Victorious. Yep. He did Lion King on Broadway. Oh wow. Yeah, he was Simba That's, he was part of the production of Snooze, the record that we play all the time. Oh wow. Yeah. Yeah. That's why we play it every Day. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He got a Grammy for that as well. So that's what's up. We gonna be talking to him. So, and then we got front page news next. So don't go anywhere. Wake your ass up.


It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. Envy, Charlemagne and Jess. How y'all feeling today? Hey girl. Good, Good. Okay, well Peace Morgan today. Peace. Peace. Today is a national day of mourning. I think you guys should know that a state funeral is scheduled for President Carter this morning at the Nat, the Washington National Cathedral. I thought he Was buried yesterday. No they didn't. They had him on display, man. Oh No. He was just lying in state. What You mean what The difference? No, he's been lying in state at the capitol. Rotunda. No, today he's his, he will be moved to the Washington Na National Cathedral and President Biden deliver a eulogy with former presidents and other dignitaries expected to attend.


Now of course, I think, I think sometimes you gotta leave something that says like, look man, don't take me on tour after I pass the week. Please. Okay, y'all can have all the services and stuff y'all want, but I don't need to be there. Just bury me and then y'all go celebrate or do whatever, honor me or do whatever it is y'all do. But don't take me on tour. Technically Biden On the same thing On the tour After last day. Yeah, no, after his funeral today though, he will have one more service in his hometown of place. No, no, No, no. Don't say him. They having one more service. He already his family. That's right. He will have, he checked out already. He like, man, what is going on? Bury me already. No, his family will have a private ceremony in Plains, Georgia. Of course. And then he will be buried.


He's going Back to Georgia. Yes. They'll move his body back to Georgia later today. That's ridiculous. He will be. Please don't take no next to his wife of 77 years Rosalyn Carter. No need to check the mail today because it is a national day of mourning. The US Postal Service will not be delivering mail today as part of the National Day of Mourning for President Jimmy Carter. All other federal offices will be closed too, as the funeral is held for Carter in Washington dc. Now switching gears, I know you guys want updates on what's going on out west with the fires. There have been five deaths confirmed multiple injuries, over 300,000 people without p power and counting as wildfires rage in the Southern California area. And as you mentioned, the fire remains uncontained. More than 100,000 people are under mandatory evacuation notice.


And which has most recently been issued for the Hollywood Hills. And all schools in LA Unified School District will be closed today. Now President-elect Trump, he's placing the blame on southern ca on Trump is blaming President Biden and California Governor Gavin Newsom on truth social. He called Newsom New Scum. And while he said he refused to sign a water restoration declaration put before him, that would've allowed millions of gallons of water to be flown into many parts of the state. Here's President elect talking later in DC about that matter. And those, the wildfires over in Southern California. Let's hear more from Trump. Well, it's very sad because I've been trying to get Gavin Newsom to allow water to come.


You'd have tremendous water up there. They send it out to the Pacific because they're trying to protect a tiny little fish, which is in other areas, by the way, called the smelt. And for the sake of a smelt, they have no water. They had no water in the fire hydrants today in Los Angeles. It was a terrible thing. Is that true? So the fire hydrants thing is true. The smelt part, I'm still trying to figure out. So I will tell tell you that LA County Fire Chief, oh no. LA City Fire Chief Kristin Crowley says, fire hydrants in Pacific Palisades have run dry. But fire crews are ha they do have some contingency plans. And LA County County Fire Chief Anthony Monroney says they don't have the resources to fight major wildfires simultaneously.


Adding that maybe they can handle maybe two, but not four at the same time. Wow. So let's hear from those California fire officials on this matter. Our apparatus do have that ability to draft water if we need to outta pools, ponds, any type of water resource LA County. And all 29 fire departments in our county are not prepared for this type of widespread disaster. There are not enough firefighters in LA County to address four separate fires of this magnitude. Hmm. Furthermore, Newsom denied Trump's claim saying there's no such document as a water restoration declaration. And of course, you know, Trump went on to criticize Biden and FEMA saying that they don't have enough money to aid those in need.


So, well, That's what I was asking about. Is that true? So there is no such thing as what he was talking about that, what'd you say? The water declaration thing? No, there's no water declaration. That has been, according to Newsom, he, he says there's nothing that he's aware of in regards to that. So I do wonder like how come, you know, they, they couldn't foresee this. Right. You, you see it that the insurance companies foreseen it and they dropped these people six months ago. So the insurance company seen it was happening. I wonder why they didn't have more firefighters out there or get alternative ways of, of getting water there. I'm not sure why they couldn't foresee this. In fact, there has been complaints in some of the LA neighborhoods about the fire hydrants being dry before all of this happening. So, you know, in anticipation of these type of things happening in California, knowing that this, this type of thing happens in California.


Yeah, they were, they were, you know, those officials were asking, Hey, what about the, what about this? So, So, so there is a system that failed people. Yes. Per, per you per usual. Absolutely. Yes. Absolutely. And 1, 1, 1 thing about Trump, he does always tap into whatever rage people are feeling. 'cause there are a bunch of people angry and you know, they want to blame somebody. And whether that those person abso whether those people actually deserve to blame. He's, he's giving 'em somebody to blame. That's Right. Oh Absolutely. Absolutely. And the thing is like, how do you beat nature though? Because wildfires like this do happen all the time in California. And I think they did foresee it. They Emini here. They knew it would be this bad, but what can they do? Well this is why, just as people, well that's why, you know, in a lot of ways, you know, And I guess now is not the time to politicize things, but as people always do, yeah.


You could easily point to a lot of those Republicans and say, well y'all don't believe in climate change. That's true. You know, Emini here y'all are climate change denial. That's true. And a lot of this has to do with climate change. Yeah. Yeah. But Proactive, not reactive. Yeah. Yeah. But like you say, foresee it's like, you know, if they knew this was coming down the line, 'cause the insurance companies knew how could they prepare, you know, alternative ways of water, get more water out there. You know, I don't know if what Trump said about the fish thing is true or not true, but it's like, I I I feel like they could have prepared a lot better, you know? Yeah. All. Absolutely. Well, thank you. We'll talk more About Trump. Yeah, we'll talk more about Trump in the seven o'clock hours. So stick around. Alright, everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open.


(800) 585-1051. Call us up right now. Get it off your chest. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Ray. Ray. Ray. Yo, Charla, man. Envy. What up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I Got an indoor pool, a outdoor pool. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. We can get on the phone right now. Here. Tell you what, it's, we lie. Hello? Who's this Envy? What's going on? It's T from Queens. T from Queens. A part of Queens. T I'm from South Jamaica, Queens All right. South side. What's going on brother? Nothing Much. Yo. I, I rock, I rock with y'all man. I, I, I listen to y'all every morning. I do send the take, but en I got, I got phones to pick with you, man.


What's happening? Yesterday you gave the storyline up for, for the Lion King. I was very dis I was very dissatisfied with that man. I planned on gonna take my kids and see it this weekend. And you gave me the whole storyline. My bad bro. You know what? Lion King? I already made like 160 Mufasa made like 160, $70 million already. I thought a lot of people have seen it. My bad bro. You tell, you tell everybody the movie, but won't tell people Santa Claus fake. Mm. You know what I'm saying? Santa Claus is not fake. That is so messed. Hello? Who's this? This is Kashif from calling from California right now. Kashif. You in Cali? What party? Cali Kashif. I'm in Glendale, so I'm close to the Eaton fire. We're not in an evacuation zone, but there are five fires burning right now.


Most of them 0% contained. 'cause they had high winds up to like 80 miles an hour the day before when all the fires started. Yeah. If you don't, if you don't think that got to do with climate change, you're bugging. Yeah, No, absolutely. I know. It gotta be tough on you. I know you not sleeping. I I know you keeping one eye open just in case. Yeah. I haven't slept in 48 hours now. They didn't tell You'all to evacuate yet. No, not yet. Mm. Well prayer's up to you, my brother. I don. Absolutely. And the crazy part is when people call you and tell you these things, what, what are we supposed to say? Prayer us up. That's, that's really all you can say. Hello. Who's this? Hello, This is Raven. Hey Raven. Good morning. Get it off your chest, Raven. Okay, so I'm from California and like the whole 15 of like with trumpet saying, it's so true when I was school we could only use the water like certain times of the day, if you use the water during the times, spike that you're not supposed to like, and like come to house.


And I say that's been going on E right? Like I I, for the last, for the last decade they've been saying like, don't use a lot of water. If you live out in LA You can only use water on certain days. I, I, Yeah, that's all. Yeah. Like, that's all over mainly Southern California. Northern California, they have like a little bit freedom, but Southern California we have no freedom with our water or free. Like, we we're definitely told, like, you know, like we when to use our water, when to shower, how long to shower for just like why we lived next to a ocean And I can purify the water and send it through the lines and recycle and send it back out.


It's not that hard. Mm. So I know I went to school with putting up people became like scientists and they studied who to see if they can like, create better ways to, for the water system. And they actually have, and it's like they submitted so many times down, they submitted so many times like their, and they just like turn them down because they're just like, oh, well we're gonna spend too much money. I just, Yeah, we lost up. Thank you for calling. Absolutely. Yeah. Get it off your chest.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club, man. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or Blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with near is blessed. Call up next (800) 585-1051. Not just me, I'm with the coach of Philly. Hello. Who's this? Hey, good morning, how you doing? This is Eddie Ford. Hey, what's up bro? Get it off your Chest. What's up Eddie Ford? Boy, that's a black man. Hey. Hey, good morning. Hey, hey, hey. Good morning DJ Ry. Good morning, Charlotte. Good morning Jess. How y'all doing this morning? Good morning. That's my, Hey, I'm First.


Okay. Okay. First of all, I wanna say my prayers and thoughts to the families in California going through the wildfires. You know, like I said, I'm, I'm, I'm headed to work this morning. You know, I'm, I'm blessed to see 42 today. Today is my birthday. Hey, Happy. Congratulations Black man. Hey, I sure appreciate it. You know, I'm going in to, you know, get this grind on, you know, before I get off work and, you know, go, go to my side basketball game this evening because I, I'm just calling to see if I can get a, a birthday blessing. Oh, absolutely brother. Happy birthday. I appreciate And I wonder if I get somebody send me a blessing to my cash app. Oh, oh, you you mean that type of damn well, what type of blessing? He man know saying, I ain't giving no 42-year-old bro, man, no money just because it's his birthday.


Put your cash app out. You gotta die, be dying or something. Like, oh my God, you got the gout. What's Going put your cash app out there, bro. Somebody might bless you. You got no sob story, no nothing. Just say, Hey man, my birthday, you praying For the people who had the fires? He said, send me a blessing. I said, Hey, I I'm saving my money for the people in LA who need it. Okay. Right. Why am I send it to you? Hey, I, I, hey, I, I I, I really appreciate, I'm, I'm just calling get a, you know, like I'm a hardworking father of, of five down here in Florida. No, no, I'm, Don't do the story now. You should have led with the story. No, nope. I understand that. I understand that. I understand that. But I still wanna put my cash app out there, you know, so my cash app is Money.


Eddie, Eddie, James Ford Junior 21 with all the words capitalized. Yeah. I'm not moved to donate, brother. I'm not, I'm not gonna lie to you. You know what I'm saying? Hey, I great Appreciate it. I just wanna call in and, you know, get talk and get it on my chest to my present talk California happy Born day brother. Good one, man. What, what he should did is he should gave his stocks and prayers to California and, and then he should have said if he was trying to finesse people, but he wasn't, he should have said, Hey, if y'all want to donate to, you know, this thing I'm doing for California, send me some money to this cash app, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Right, right. Yo, he said, he said, I'm just calling, you know, to get a blessing for my birthday, saying, well, happy birthday brother. Right? Happy birthday.


You know exactly what the hell he meant. I was blessing her. Happy birthday brother. Jesus. Get it off your chest. 805 85 1 0 5 1. Stupid. We got just what the mess coming up. Yes, man, a lot of celebrities lost their houses. Emini here. Completely gone in California. So we'll get to that. All right, we'll talk about that when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's dj, JNV Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to just with the mess. Your music is real Is just Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't do, she don't spare nobody worldwide.


Jess worldwide on The Breakfast Club. She's a ship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it off. Okay, so the California wildfire. So all lives have been on California and we've just been discussing it since, you know, we started the show. So many people in California have lost their homes. And even the people who have evacuated already, they don't even know if they still have homes or not. There's no way that they even go back to check. And these are one of those situations where it's really good to remind people that celebrities are people too, you know, and everybody think it's, you know, celebrities have money that they don't, they're not affected by certain things.


And I just, you know, I I wanted shed light on some people. It was reported that Paris Hilton's home in Malibu burnt down. And then she shared this because she learned that her house was burnt down while she was actually watching the news. She said, heartbroken beyond words, sitting with my family, watching the news and seeing our home in Malibu burnt to the ground on live TV and something no one should ever have to experience. She said, this home was where we built so many precious memories. It's where Phoenix took his first steps, her son, and where we dreamed of building a lifetime of memories with London. So that, that's like her, one of her favorite houses. I know she got more than one, but this, this is still like, where a lot of precious memories were with her and her child.


And she went on to thank all the firefighters and encourage people to follow evacuation orders. And she also shared that her team is reaching out to nonprofits to see how they can help people. That's being affected by the fires as Well. What you said is true too, is just money cannot protect you from natural disaster. Not at all. Okay. It doesn't matter if it's wildfires, earthquakes, hurricanes, whatever it is. Mother Nature don't care about your financial status. Our class, everybody can get it. Everybody is the same in Mother Nature's eyes. Even Al Leonard, he reportedly had to take some time away from the Clippers to spend with his family during the wildfires. He bought a mansion in the Pacific Palisades for 17.1 million back in 2021. And that area, as we know it is pretty much destroyed. Wow.


Modifiers the statue, the status of his home hasn't been revealed yet. But Ricky Lake, she shared that she lost her dream home in the fires. She said, I can't believe I'm typing these words. It's all gone with a heartbreak emoji. After a brave effort by our friend and hero Ross, we lost our dream home. And she was just really upset about it. Yeah. Fergie is also, her home was in the path of fires. And so the chances of it being burnt down are pretty high. And this is comp, this is so sad. It was this, this guy, his name is Chris, he was on Fox 11 News. He was begging for water on the news, begging for water to try to save his house.


I was told that my house burnt down. I drove up, I needed to see it. I wanted to get some clothes for my son. The entire neighborhood is burnt down, but somehow my house does not even have a scratch. Wow. There's no fire damage. I went in, but the house next to mine is still on fire. So I'm going around begging anybody to come put out that fire to protect my home because there's no water. There's no water pressure. I tried to turn on the water myself, I would've tried to put it out, but I have no water pressure, so I have no way of putting it out. So you and your wife are just trying to go get bottled water. What? Yeah, so my wife went to get bottled water. I'm gonna meet her down the hill and we're just gonna try and throw bottled water on it, but I don't know if that's gonna work. Yeah, I need, You need a lot more than that. Wow. Yeah, absolutely. We need a lot more than that. But that's really sad.


When you on the news and you're begging, you know, for water, Rotimi actually got on social media and he encouraged everyone to pray for people who are being affected by the fires. Pray for everyone that's dealing with the fires out here in la. We pray for speedy recovery. We pray for divine helpers, we pray for the blood, Jesus, to cover your family and guide you guys. Something spiritual is not right man. And something's going on that we need to literally pray, knock off whatever spirit is trying to hurt us as a, as a people. So let's make sure everybody's okay. All right. Reach out. If you know anybody out here in LA please call and just see if they're okay.


Very true brand. Yeah, yeah. Hotels are full trying to, you know, house people and you know, people who have evacuated their homes. And like Morgan mentioned earlier, Airbnb is offering temporary housing for people who are affected, giving people somewhere to stay. And Planet Fitness locations in LA are actually opening up their, their buildings to like, to like people who need showers and first responders and stuff like that. And wifi they said and wifi. Yep. Yeah. Locker of rooms and all of that with no membership required. So you can go, go. Meek Mill said prayers to la I never knew about fire trauma until my house caught on fire. I was smelling fire in my sleep, jumping up for three years. I didn't pretty much, he's saying prayers to LA is what he's saying.


So yeah, we know how Meek can get. But yeah, somebody had reposted what he said and just


Piece of the planet Charlemagne, the God here. And I just want you to know, if you're not on Amazon Prime, you're seriously missing out. It's not just about the fast free delivery, although let's be real, that's a game changer. It especially was for me this holiday season. Prime is like your personal guide that everything you're into or want to get into, whether it's binge watching, the latest hit on Prime video, you know, listening to your favorite playlist on Amazon music or getting those last minute gifts, which same day, free delivery prime's got you covered. And here's the kicker. Prime isn't just about getting you closer to your passions, it's about helping you discover new ones too. Got a hobby you're obsessed with Prime Fuels it. Trying something new Prime helps you dive deep into whatever's next. It's like me being passionate about mental health. You can order all kinds of books on mental health on Prime. My favorite is the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Prime gets you closer to what really matters, making all times of the year that much more special. Whether it's screaming your favorite movie or getting that perfect gift delivered the same day, prime makes everything easy and stress free. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new to totally reimagine kicks the dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play, and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like an intelligent all-wheel drive, the Kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service a availability for more information. See Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of AppleLink Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


The New Year's here, it's the perfect time to refresh those household essentials and score some cashback rewards with Colgate Palm Olives from toothpaste to dish soap. Chances are you've got Colgate Palm Olive products on your shopping list and in your house. Right now we're talking brands like Colgate Soft Soap, Palm Olive, Irish, spring, Fabuloso, and TOMS of Maine. And right now you can get up to a $10 digital Visa prepaid card when you buy up to $30 of Colgate Palm olive products. Here's how it works. Spend $20 on their products, get $5, spend $30, get a $10 reward. All you do is shop your favorite brands, snap a pick of your receipt and upload it to cp rewards.com. It's so easy. That's cp rewards.com. So grab what you need or maybe try something new and get rewarded just for doing your usual shopping. And start your year fresh by earning cash back rewards with Colgate Palm Olive Rewards available while supplies last limit. Apply us only 1, 1 25 through 3 31 25. For full terms and conditions, visit cp rewards.com.


I'm Jason Alexander. And I'm Peter Tilden. And together On the really no really podcast, Our mission is to get the true answers to life's baffling. Questions like why They refuse to make the bathroom door go all the way to the floor. We got the answer. Well Space junk. Block your cell signal. The astronaut who almost drowned during a spacewalk gives us the answer. Whoa. We talk with the scientist who figured out if your dog truly loves you, and the one bringing back the wooly mammoth. Plus, does Tom Cruise really do his own stunts? His stunt man reveals the answer, and you never know who's gonna drop by. Mr. Brian Cranson is with his dad. How are you too? Hello, my Friend Wayne Knight about Jurassic Park. Wayne Knight, welcome to Really no, really, sir. Bless you all. Hello Newman. And you never know when Howie Mandel might just stop by to talk about judging. Really? That's the Opening. Really. No, really? Yeah. Really. No. Really go to really no. really.com And register to win $500 a guest spot on our podcast or a limited edition sign. Jason Bobblehead, It's called, really? No. Really. And you can find it on the iHeartRadio app, on Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up y'all? This is Quest Love. And I'm here to tell you about a new podcast I've been working on with the story Pirates and John Glickman called Historical Records. It's a family friendly podcast. Yeah, you heard that, right? A podcast for all ages. One you can listen to and enjoy with your kids. Starting on September 27th, I'm going to toss it over to the host of Historical Records, Emini to tell you all about it. Make sure you check it out. Hey, y'all, Emini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records. Historical Records brings history to life through Hip Hop Smash Slam, another one Gone. BA Bam, another one Gone. The Crack Gut A bat, and another one Gone. A tip cap. Another one Gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the city bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing, check it. And it Began with me. I wouldn't give up my seats nine months before. Get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning in to Historical Records. Because in order to make history, you have to make some noise. Listen to Historical Records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Cra scratched everything out. Everything out that he said, Emini here. I guess he's shared his experience. He lost his home with a fire Not recently, I think when he was younger. Not When he was younger, when he was younger. And it wasn't in la he said he didn't know that that type of trauma existed. So I was just dealing with it as a kid. But basically all his, all he's trying to say is prayers to LA Yeah, I, I I I second that And if you are able to help, help, because once again, something like this can happen to any of us. Yeah. When, when Mother Nature Knucks, it ain't no bucking back. You are at Mother Nature's Mercy. So all you can do is, you know, give it to God because those wildfire fires are outta control and this situation is out of our control. Yeah. We just beg you when, when they say evacuate, just evacuate. I know sometimes people be like, And I'm trying to, Imma, Imma I'ma stay here, I'm gonna ride fire, get out.


What The hell you talking about? They didn't lose your life. Yeah, because you get stuck. You won't be able to get out. Emini here they were saying that they had to have a plow come and move cars off the road because there was so many cars on, on the highways and roadways where people were trying to get out and they just had to walk stuck. And now emergency vehicles can't get through. So Yeah, there's nobody on this planet that is not evacuating a fire. Yeah. This, this ain't like a hurricane or an earthquake or anything like that. You, you have no choice unless you just wanna burn to death, Bro. Yeah, you'd be surprised sometimes. I wanted to say this yesterday. So Patti LaBelle, her team was reportedly upset about her portrayal. So CNN had aired a documentary about Luther Vandross. Right? And you, it's A hard left, Jess. I I understand it's a hard Left, what I'm saying.


Saying, well, yeah. Alright, Because just making a What You making a hard left with this one? What, what we supposed to be saying? I don't know. Go to commercial. All right, go to commercial. But I'm talking about this Emini here. I'm gonna talk about it next, next hour. So I wanted to cover it yesterday. Everybody kept talking. It was a bunch going on. We, we'll Get to that, we'll get to that next hour. Everybody else will. We'll give you more information. Up next on front page news. Morgan will be joining us. And then Leon Thomas, RB single will be here. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake up. We up, you're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get back in some front page news.


What's up Morgan? Listen, a lot has happening out west. President Biden has canceled what would've been his final international trip of his presidency. U Bus scheduled to go to Italy, Rome to be exact today, but he has canceled that trip. And re as a result of these fires in LA now White House Press Secretary Kain Jean-Pierre says Biden made the decision after returning to the White House from his trip to LA where he met with fire, police and emergency personnel responding to those wildfires. Also important to know airbnb.org is partnering with 2 1 1 LA for those who have been displaced. So if you have been displaced, 2 1 1 is a resource for you. Unsafe tap water advisories are, are also in place in communities affected by the Palisades and Eaton fires.


Malibu residents are also being told to use only boiled tap water or bottled water for drinking and cooking. This is due to low water pressure in the area. Pasadena residents are also being told not to drink tap water in the Eaton fire evacuation areas. And city water system may have debris and elevated turbidity. Pasadena res residents are being urged to only drink bottled water for the time being. So yeah, we'll keep you guys posted on what's going on in regards to that in that's terrible, tragic situation out in la. Now let's talk international affairs. President-elect Trump says all hell will break loose if remaining hostages held in the Palestinian militant group. Hamas are not set free by the time he takes office.


Now, Trump held a press conference at Mar Largo on Tuesday and said he will not tip his hand with regards to the Israel Hamas war. Let's hear more from Trump on Hamas, But we have the right person. But I tell this, I don't wanna hurt the negotiation if the deal isn't done before I take office, which is now gonna be two weeks. All hell will break out in the Middle East. They should have never taken, they should have never been the attack of October 7th. People forget that. But there was, and many people are killed. They're no longer hostages. So Trump's special envoy to the Middle East. Steve Whitcoff said at the news conference, there has been a lot of progress on efforts to get hostages in the Gaza Strip released elsewhere.


Who, who, who does that surprise though? That that's why I never understood what the pro Gaza, pro-Palestine, you know, crowd was trying to prove by going so hard at Harris. Like America is always gonna support Israel. They're always gonna support Israel's military and trust and believe when Trump says all hell will break loose, if those hostages aren't returned, he means it. He ain't gonna turn Gaza into a parking lot. And I wouldn't be surprised if the hostages get released and Trump still lets Israel's military have their, have their way with Gaza. So I I never understood like when they would come and, you know, protest Harris, but wouldn't have that same energy for, you know, Donald Trump when he would be out campaigning somewhere. Well, Fair enough. And other news, more details are surfacing on the Tesla cyber truck explosion outside of the Trump International Hotel in Las Vegas.


On New Year's Day, police say, or police are police say the man used AI to plan the attack. Las Vegas Metro Police Department Assistant Sheriff Dory Corrin says, a search history shows Matthew Lisberger used chat GPT to find information on how to carry out his plan. Let's hear more from Assistant Chief Dory coring. He's trying to figure out where to buy fireworks and how much of it to buy. He looks at the equivalence of those fireworks and how they compare to TNT and other types of explosive material. He also says that he has graph, he has graphic encounters from his military experience that replay in his head over and over, and that now he feels like he's a shell of a human being with nothing to live for.


This document was found as part of the digital forensic analysis of his phone. There's a variance of grievances and a constant evolution of his plan. They add that in a six page manifesto extracted from his phone. He mentioned political and social grievances, of course, that were mentioned in the audio that was played. What do you think about that? I heard you reacting to that, Charmaine. I think that the, the, once again, the system failed somebody, you know, that man is a veteran who dealt with PTSD and never got the help he needed. And, and to me that's always the greatest travesty in situations like that. You know, in a, well, anybody, I think everybody should be entitled to mental health resources, but especially somebody who went out and fought for this country.


Like, I think there's been more than enough evidence that we can see the devastating effects and impact going out and going to war and fighting for this country has on people. So people like that should get all the mental health resources and care that they need when they're back here in America And talk about it and bringing things home to you guys in New York. And Justin pricing has been underway officially since January 5th. Almost a full work week. And a lot of people aren't feeling it. New York City mayor Eric Adams says he shared his thoughts saying the MTA and the federal government did what they had to do as well as the state, which put the program in place. But he does believe it should have gone through the city council. Let's hear more from Eric Adams on congestion pricing.


These are ours, our roads, and it is in our city. I believe we should have had a, a greater impact on doing it, but that's not the reality. It's been two days. They're going to do an analysis of, you know, everything from housing, packing, parking, traffic, flow speed. So there's going to be a whole analysis. This is a new Yeah, yeah. So his administration goes on to save new rules to crack down on drivers with obscured license plates. Adam says, everyone who avoids paying their toll takes money from those who do pay the toll. And he says they have to do everything possible to catch Eva, including making sure the laws allow for confiscation of vehicles and that penalties are severe enough to deter people from avoiding the toll.


And I've heard cases already where people are covering up their license plates. What about you guys? Yeah, I heard the same, I heard people using leaves. I heard people using the little tent thing. But I will say this, I've been, you know, the last four days I've been driving in or three days we've been driving in, I haven't seen a difference in traffic at all. And I've been asking people that leave during rush hour time and they're saying they haven't seen much of a changes at, at all as well. So I wonder if it is working or, or if it's not. I, I'm, I'm I Really Emini here. What's 14 man people in New York? Like, how many people did they expect to just stop doing what they were doing to get to work? Especially With the subway. So dangerous. Like, you know, you, you hear about people getting burned and stabbed and, and shot and gunshots and like nobody wants To. And it's a matter of routine.


Like you're dealing with a city of millions and millions and millions of people working class people who have a routine. Like everybody in this room right now, we know exactly what time we need to leave. Get up, leave the house and get to work. Everybody feels that way. You're not about to change their routine, Especially in the winter. A New York winter at that. Oh Lord. Exactly. They gonna eat that $9 and complain about it every single time chance we get. Okay. No facts. That's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, follow me on social at Morgan Media. And for more news coverage, follow us at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio radio radio app and visit us@bnnews.com. Thank Y'all. Thank you Morgan. All right, when we come back, Leon Thomas will be joining us. Leon Thomas, a RB singer, songwriter, producer, actor.


He played in Lion King. He was on Broadway, Nickelodeon Star. We got a lot to discuss when we when we talk to him next. So don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Laura LaRosa filling in for just today. We got a special guest in the Building. Yes indeed. We have the brother Leon Thomas. Welcome bro. What's Good? What's good? How y'all feeling? How You feeling? Blessed Black and Holly favored Leon, you are by far the greatest new male r and b singer doing it today, Man, thank you so much. That's that. That shouldn't even be up for debate, Man. Man, I really appreciate that, man. How do you receive that? Yeah, Emini here. You know, to be honest, I try to just take it one step at a time.


You know, I try to stay humble with everything, but I'm glad to be a new voice in r and b. You know, it's a genre that I love, you know, I'm trying to bring back live musicianship, real songs, you know, writing with the team that I have has been a, an amazing pleasure and, you know, just bring in like that, that organic feeling back to the live stage is like a big thing for me. You know, for people That don't know Leon Thomas, you know, you started on Broadway. Tell everybody how you got your start and, and your way into being this, this RB star. Well, listen, I grew up in New York, started on Broadway out here. I did three Broadway plays from Lion King, the Carolina Change, the Color Purple You Assemble in Lion King. Yeah. Yeah. I was assemble in Lion King. And then, you know, I started booking movies in TV shows before We slow up.


But how, how was that? I just took my kids to see that. Oh No. It was insane. Emini Here. So how was that training? 'cause it's a lot of shows. Yeah. A lot of people And it's live so you can't mess up. No, no, no. You can't mess up. It's eight shows a week. I was 10 years old when I did my first Broadway play. Shout out to my mom and my family for, you know, supporting me through that whole journey. And yeah man, I went from being a regular kid to starring on Broadway in a matter of months, you know? Now how was that? Because it's not the, the typical thing New York kids do, right? So you're singing, you're dancing, you're doing that. So how did you get into That point? I don Things New York Kids do. No, because You don't go on Broadway. I don't know anybody that went to Broadway. So it is very Different. New York kids that go on Broadway. I don I Don Emini here. I don't, I don't know, I had a couple homies who ended up in different plays, but for the most part, yeah, yeah, it was definitely like a bit of an anomaly for my neighborhood in Brooklyn.


It was, it was kind of weird explaining it to my homies at school. Like Yeah, I was just doing a show last night. They're like, what? What's going on? Well, maybe Kids from a certain area. Yeah. Well not from New York, from the Hoods of New York. Okay. Right. But nah, it was definitely a real pleasure, you know? But, but, but from there I ended up doing a lot of TV and film. You know, I shot my first movie out here with Robin Williams and Terrence Howard called August Rush, which was an amazing pleasure. And that kind of brought me into a lot of, a lot of TV after that. Yeah. With Nickelodeon. And He was on Victoria on Victorious. Yeah, yeah, yeah. With Ariana Grande. And you know, that was a big journey. That was the number one show on the network at the time. We were beating out American Idol and it was a way for the rest of The World to kind of really tap into who I am as a creative.


But it took years of, of really honing in on who I am as an artist to get to this point. Producing and writing for a bunch of different artists. Winning a Grammy, working with CSA and Face Drake, a bunch of different people. It's been a, you wrote for Drake. It's been a real, I actually produced for Drake, but, but you know, shout out to him man. A lot of people Writing for Drake. Allegedly. Yeah, allegedly man. But you know, for me, I don't Think there's nothing wrong with it. I Don't think there's anything wrong with it either. But it was a blessing to Emini here. It's, it's interesting because I'm an artist and people see me as a singer. They kind of forget that I also produced a lot of big records. You know, my production game is pretty tight. So you Say Like a rapper though? Well, yeah. On purpose. Your lyrics are like that of a rapper.


That's why when I see Freddie Gibbs on your records of Butcher, it makes so much sense to me. Absolutely. You still touch with anybody from Victorious? Absolutely, man. You know, I chop it up with Ari Avan Jogi is a really good friend of mine. You know, Matt Bennett, a lot of the cats, we all hang out and do lunch. It's kind of like my last two years of high school were with them. So that's like my graduating class essentially. We were all in school together, so we filmed, but we also went to school. So those are, those are my really good friends. Who, to Victoria and her mom. I did a, a host of the New Year's Eve special with them. Oh, for real? Oh, that's dope. That's dope. Yeah. People you ever wrote for Ariana? Yeah, actually I worked with her on her first album. That was my first time going number one with an album I did about like four songs on her first album.


Yours Truly. Wow. So that was a real, a real pleasure. Yeah. Did You know you always wanted to be a r and b singer, like it was that the goal as a kid growing up? Oh. Or did you always wanted to be an actor? Like, and when did you pivot when he was like, all right, this is what I want to do. Listen, I feel like I did this role with Katherine Bigelow. She's a Oscar award-winning director, but I had to cut my dreads for it. And that was kinda like my last s straw in acting. You know, I did this role for Detroit And I felt like, you know, I need to kind of tap back into who I am as an artist. You know, grew my dreads back. Really got into my internal self meditating, really like tapping into who I am as a human being. And a lot of great music came outta that. You know, I always knew I wanted to be a singer, but I knew for a fact I needed to, to really present myself as who I truly was.


It's so easy to play a character when you're always acting. You know, I needed to come to The World as my true self. When you Were on the, like the sets when you, like, even with like Victorious and stuff like that, what was your mom and like, your parents there often Or? Oh yeah, my mom. Because Ariana Grande talked a lot about that too. Yeah. Like how y'all parents were, Were close. Nah, they were there. They were there. You know, my mom was never like a momager, like over my, over my shoulder kind of mom. But she was also very protective of my peace. Gotcha. And mental health and making sure that I'm just like in a good, a good space while I'm, while I'm trying to create something timeless and you know, shout out to her for just always, you know, creating safe spaces for me. Right.


Throughout that journey, you know, probably Kept you from getting slimed. Yeah. Being Quiet on set doc. Yeah. Nah, it was falls. Definitely nuts. Definitely nuts. You know, seeing, seeing how everything went down. Definitely Nuts. It was definitely, definitely insane. Insane. Gotta Say don't say don't say that. Definitely nuts after That. Definitely insane. Yeah, I know, I know. You know, it's crazy. It's crazy. 'cause you know, I just saw the doc not too long ago. It's definitely eyeopening and a lot of my castmates, we, we, we hopped on a Zoom call. We all wanted to talk about it. And luckily during, during our seasons it was, it was very wholesome and chill. But, you know, shout out to anybody who dealt with anything bad. Emini here. I, I, you know, my, my heart definitely goes out to them.


The thing I love about your music too is number one, I can tell you've been, you, you, you got a sense of freedom. Yeah. So does that come with money or does that come with just how you came up, you know, with your mom doing music? So you always felt free as an artist? Like what? Yeah. Yeah. I Emini here. You know, I think the, the, the greatest thing about being an artist is that it, it's a, it's a great representation of being a free black man. You know, like, you know, being able to wear what I want, you know, say what I want on, on record is really important to me. You know, I try to stay as grounded and as real to who I am as I can be. Emini here. I think it's, it's, it's really easy to want to be an artist and play a character who you think people want you to be. But I'm doing my best to just like, kind of Just say what I want, do what I want.


You know, When you come up with songs with like, I like Feelings on Silent or wa I love wa but songs like that, like when I listen to it each time I get something different from it. Yeah. So the first time I listened I was like, oh, this is like guys just being like, we keep our feelings to ourself. And then the second time I listen I'm like, this is the trauma that they deal with because like he mentioned PTSD and like Yeah. A bunch of other things. Like how do you, first of all sitting back you wrote that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I co-wrote sitting back and writing it with him. How do you be like, okay, here's all the things that we want people to get when they hear this or do you guys just write and whatever people get, they get like, were you dealing with something yourself then, or, You know, the way I wrote that record was really interesting. I was in, I was in Italy actually. I was working with Yay and Ty Doan on the Vultures one project.


And I just had some lyrics kind of, you know, bubbling up in my head. But I think it was one of those moments that it was just kind of stream of consciousness. I didn't really think too hard on my sections. That was like my second take that you're hearing there. It wasn't like me like kind of really punching in a bunch of different ideas. It was just kind of flowing. And when Wale heard it, that was probably the hardest verse to get. 'cause we did Probably who he come back outside. 'cause he, We did like five sessions to get that one verse. But yo, he's so talented in seeing how he crafted his verse Emini here. He would do like five bars at a time and he really cared about the poetry of it all. And, and it's why I really respect him as an artist. He's just a true lyricist.


All We got more with Leon Thomas when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's the dj, DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa. Join us for this Leon Thomas interview. Of course, Leon Thomas is singer, songwriter, producer and actor. His album Mutt is out right now and we gotta congratulate you 'cause you got a Grammy for your record With Scissor. We tell everybody that we helped with that. 'cause we played snooze every morning, four times a morning. 6:00 AM Yeah, 6:00 AM But you did, you you wrote snoo. I produced, I produced on Snooze. Man, yo, first of all, let's clear this up. Shout out to Scissor for writing that record we were producing in a separate room and she heard the instrumental And I was like, what is that? And you know, there, there is something that I do where I like take my voice And I I chop it up like a sample because clearing samples is really expensive.


It cuts into the publishing. So rather than like actually doing a sample, I I I'll just, you know, a little something right? So she really liked that and then took it into the other room and wrote an amazing song. And being a part of the production on that with Babyface Legendary Babyface was a true pleasure man. Emini here. It was a real journey to see that song go from like a crowd favorite to a Grammy award winning r and b song. Man, that was, that was definitely life changing for me. You Got a pro production team, right? The RAs? Yeah. Yeah, the Rascals. Okay. Okay. Me, me and Chris Tines. Man, we've been working together since we were like 18, so it's really cool to, to see the growth Emini here. We started off, you know, a little shaky when it came to production, but it's nice to see us, you know, really develop into the producers we are now.


We had great mentors, man, You have such big moments, like even before that and during that, but it's like, I don't know, like when do, when do you feel like things started like to click finally where people were like, oh shoot Leon. Like we get it now. It's really interesting. I like to call it the Drake effect. When I was working, when I was working with Drake, all of a sudden label executives who've known me for years were like, eh, I think you could be an artist, you know? And I was like, all right, okay. So I kind of peeped that And I said, okay, well let's start kind of building this out. But I knew I wanted that, that same formula that Drake had with Lil Wayne and, and, and, you know, working with Ty Dollan was a really smart move. Not only because he's just an and amazing artist, but because it was just nice to have a mentor who had done it already.


So he's, he's just like, kind of like, yo, try this, make sure the look has this, or, you know, even when it came to the music, like, here's how you really format an album. And I'm definitely doing a lot of studying, you know, shout out to Todd do on for sure. He definitely, you know, saw something in me that a lot of label executives were not sure about and it's cool to see it developing. How did you meet in Real time? How, how did you and Ty Ami? I Was actually working on this album as a producer on featuring Ty Dola sign. I was like, one of, I think nine producers on a song with Kanye and Thundercat and a bunch of other people, Nine producers on one record. Yeah, because it's Shit was like 0.5. It was like 0.5. Like I was just there at a, a, this or that, a vocal and like some bass or something.


But, but he had everybody play like their unreleased records And I played him some of my first album as like demos. And Todd was like, yo, you really, you really tight, you know, as an artist. He was like, man. And he was originally trying to record one of the songs that I had, but I was like, nah, I want you to feature on it. And over, over the years we became really good friends. I was working with him a lot and just kind of developed into a, into a whole situation with Sean Baron. Sean Baron is, is the guy who officially like, put it all together with easy money and, and Motown. Is It tough navigating because people are getting to know you now and everybody's falling in love with your music now and like you have such a close association with Drake, you have to like pick and choose where you go musically and what you do musically with Who you know, honestly, She's asking can you work with Kendrick Lamar if you wanted to?


Yeah, yeah, yeah. I know that's what she's asking. Emini here. The way, the way I really look at it is just like, on a political level, I make r and b, you know, obviously I make hip hop too, but I'm really focused on my artist journey. So Emini here, Kendrick is such a huge artist. I I I don't really foresee us working together in the near future. And even with Drake, you know, I still want to take my steps to really build on my own two feet as an artist, right? So I'm doing what I have to do right now to really like, grow my own business. Touring is a big thing for me. I'm really focused on that. I'm hitting the road all this year and working on more records. So Emini here, shout out to everybody, but, but I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm definitely focused on me. How Old were you when you realized Vibes Don't lie, one of my favorite records?


How old were you when you first realized Vibes Don't lie? I think that was, that was definitely early twenties. I think LA is is filled with facades and people who are pretending to be something. They aren't people who move from their hometown and create a whole new persona. So I think for me, just really studying folks, especially a lot of the women you deal with out theirs, you know, it's really important to, to study their actions and out their words. I Love the fact that you are encouraging women, women to keep their healthy on Yes, I'm Okay. Did you ever wanna be a gynecologist? No. No. That wasn't proper. Nah, nah, No. Nah, that wasn't on the list. I just listen. Like what? Yeah, I just listen. I just listen man, it's important.


So you, they they tell you like, Hey, my s not feeling the best today. No Emini here. I just think pH balance is a conversation and you know, I just listen, man, smell something, Smell, smell something. That's what it smell something. That's what it was. Because you was very, very specific. You said she, she only drink water, she keep that healthy. Yeah. They said on Twitter you be talking crazy like that, but you sing it so people can't be bad about Yeah, they can't really like, so you had that conversation in real life with your, your home. Like your, not your homegirl, you sort, But how you honestly, you know, I'm just big on shock value. I think songs, especially r and b songs have gotten a bit, not boring, but I think we've, we've kind of already hit the, the golden era of r and b. So I'm just finding new ways to make people's ears, you know, perk up and their minds move.


I think social media and podcasts are really interesting to me. You know, these phone mics bring out so many conversations And I think as a r and b artist, I wanna find ways to let that live on the record. And it doesn't always have to be like, verbatim of what I'm going through in real life. I think it's important to create the drama, you know, I kind of see music as, you know, script and a score. So sometimes the records are just like really good dramatizations of like what I'm seeing in The World. You've encountered some unhealthy vaginas. Don't lie. I was gonna say, so you Emini Here. I think everybody is, But like, how, but like what, how how does that go for you? Like now Emini Here? I don't think, I don't think it's you Now or like women expecting you to be like, all right, here's the check. Like how do you, because you got the songs like they're there.


Yeah, yeah. You know, I definitely got the songs, but I think it's just important to be honest with your partner, you know, communicate, but, but I think it's, it's a, it's a pretty interesting conversation. I try to stay out of if I don't have to, you know what I'm saying? You ever did the air wax test? No. I don't even know what that is. You putting me on right now? It's an air wax test Digging your hair a little bit. Did a little wax on it. Put a little pinky. Put the pinky inside her. Hold on. What is that? She jumped, She got something. What? That's right. It should be, Be honest. If you listen to him catch Disease, yo Seen Should do it on yourself. I don dunno where he got off. Everybody. You do that is nuts. That's South Carolina. That's insane Back Road thing that they do.


It doesn't, I do not try that. No Ginger Works. That doesn't Ginger. Y'all never Ginger. Your mom never told you you got stomachache. Go drink Gingerella. We Ain't talking about stomach aches. We talking about peanut. I've seen People think ginger cure everything. Not earwax. Don't listen to him. Yo, This is the last Never heard that Ginger on your vagina. Ginger. Y'all never heard. That's Why you's why crazy. My grandma used to be like, go get some gingerella and lay down. Wow. About everything. Yeah. Nah, nah, we love Gingerella around here. Did your therapist really tell you that you're too detached or that just something you tell women so you don't commit? Nah, I think, I think you know that bar for me, I have a co-writer, busy Crook and he lives in Miami.


Great rapper. That was a bar that came from him. He's very deep into therapy. But I'm glad that we talked about it on record because Emini here, it's something that I definitely did try out over the pandemic and it's something that I actually really respect you a lot for a championing, you know? Thank you brother. But, but, but yeah, that was a, that was a bar from Busy. But I thought it was important to add in there, you know, Don't try to blame Busy now. Nah. Emini here. This is yo, that's my co-writer, you know, shout out to him. You know what I'm saying? Like, we, we write a lot of our songs together And I really respect a lot of the perspectives he brings to a lot of my poignant records. You know, you have some great bars. Can we Get into a song of that album? What you want hear? That would be amazing. Yo, let's play. Yes, it is. That would be really cool. All Well let's get into the record right now is Yes it is. And we got more with Leon Thomas when we come back, it's The Breakfast Club.


Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren Laro is joining us on this interview and we're still kicking it with Leon Thomas, Lauren On for Dancing with the, when I listen to Dancing With the Demons. Yeah, it Do you ever get like Miguel references sometimes? Mm, Absolutely. Yeah, because I Was listening And I'm like, oh my gosh. Like, I wonder if like that like, are y'all, do you know him? Yeah, it's like my big bro. We actually did a movie together. He was in Detroit, the one I had to cut my hair for. He, he was a, he was an amazing, an amazing mentor for me for some years. You know that bridge between r and b and rock and roll. He's traveled across that bridge many a time. I definitely look up


The New Year is Here and you wanna stay locked in on whatever you're into. Amazon Prime is a cheat code. See, a lot of people think Amazon Prime is just about getting those packages delivered faster than you can say. I forgot to order that. But really Prime is not just one thing. It's all things. A place to stream movies and shows with Prime video, Amazon music, and that free one day, same day delivery as everything you need to make the season stress free. Picture this, you're watching Thursday night Football and Prime video and the friends are coming through. You need the last minute snacks and drinks. Prime's. Got you. You want to kick back and chill after the game. Prime Video's got the movies and shows to keep your night rolling. And if you wanna wind down, Amazon music's got the playlist to keep the vibe just right. So whether you're hosting, chilling, or just trying to make it through the hustle of the week, I know I'm doing all things above. Just know prime's got your back. It helps you explore, discover, and get more of what you love all in one place. So visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


The World is constantly changing. If it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like Intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


The New Year's here, it's the perfect time to refresh those household essentials and score some cash back rewards with Colgate Palm Olive from toothpaste to dish soap. Chances are you've got Colgate Palm Olive products on your shopping list and in your house. Right now we're talking brands like Colgate Soft Soap, Palm Olive, Irish, spring, Fabuloso, and TOMS of Maine. And right now you can get up to a $10 digital Visa prepaid card when you buy up to $30 of Colgate Pub Mall of products. Here's how it works. Spend $20 on their products, get $5, spend $30, get a $10 reward. All you do is shop your favorite brands, snap a pick of your receipt and upload it to cp rewards.com. It's so easy. That's cp rewards.com. So grab what you need or maybe try something new and get rewarded just for doing your usual shopping. And start your year fresh by earning cash back rewards with Colgate Palm Olive Rewards available while supplies last limit. Supply us only 1, 1 25 through 3 31 25. For full terms and conditions, visit cp rewards.com.


I'm Jason Alexander. And I'm Peter Tilden. And together On the really no really podcast, Our mission is to get the true answers to life's baffling. Questions like why they Refuse to make the bathroom door go all the way to the floor. We got the answer. Will Space junk block your cell signal? The astronaut who almost drowned during a spacewalk gives us the answer. Whoa. We talk with the scientist who figured out if your dog truly loves you, and the one bringing back the wooly mammoth. Plus, as Tom Cruise really do his own stunts, his stunt man reveals the answer. And you never know who's gonna drop by. Mr. Brian Cranson is what this doing. How are you too? Hello, my Friend Wayne Knight about Jurassic Park. Wayne Knight, welcome to Really no really, sir. Bless you All. Hello Newman. And you never know when Howie Mandel might just stop by to talk about judging. Really? That's the opening, really. No. Really? Yeah. Really. No. Really go to really no. really.com And register to win $500 a guest spot on our podcast or a limited edition sign. Jason Bobblehead It's called, really No. Really. And you can find it on the iHeartRadio app, on Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your Podcasts.


Up y'all. This is Quest Love. And I'm here to tell you about a new podcast I've been working on with the Story Pirates and John Glickman called Historical Records. It's a family friendly podcast. Yeah, you heard that, right? A podcast for all ages. One you can listen to and enjoy with your kids. Starting on September 27th. I'm going to toss it over to the host of Historical Records, ne to tell you all about it. Make sure you check it out. Hey, y'all, Emini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records. Historical Records brings history to life through Hip Hop Smash Slam, Another one Gone, BA Bam, Another one Gone. The Cracker the Bat, and Another one Gone. A Tip for the Cap. Another one Gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the city bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing. Check it. And I wouldn't give up my seats nine months before. Rosa. Get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning to Historical Records. Because in order to make history, you have to make some noise. Listen to Historical Records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts


To him when it comes to that. And you know, for me, because I play multiple instruments, you know, I, I definitely try to just embody a lot of that energy. But, but, but I think we both have the same influences as well. I agree with Lauren on that. Miguel, to me, before you was the last great r and b male, r and b singer. Mm. To me, I'm just talking about the new guys. I'm not talking right. Yeah. You know, the OG legends I'm talking about. He the he was the last one to me And I, And I, I felt the same way when I heard dancer with the demons. I feel like, I feel like you're talking to yourself on that record though. Yeah. You said you can't seem him to save yourself. Never learned to ask for help going out all night, searching for a feeling. So, so what, what, what have you learned to ask for help? It's a one what I, I thought, I think 'cause I took it as like, it wasn't talking about a woman.


No. At some point it's Journal. Well, Emini here, it's interesting for me, like that record when I wrote it, I wrote it in two different days. The first day I was, you know, microdosing on shrooms, so it's a bit of a haze. The next day I listened to it And I was like, man, this is really poignant stuff, Emini here. It's just really talking about being up all night and searching for a feeling and it's trying to fill voids. I feel like as you know, when you're in your single journey, you can, you can try to fill a void with a, with a stranger. And that's not always very healthy and but fun. It could be fun. It could be fun for sure. But, but, but, and then especially when you're, when you're in the limelight, the second verse is more so talking about being in the limelight and trying to fill voids.


Nobody really talks about the darkness that comes with the flashing lights and yeah. That, that, that record was very deep and very personal for me. You know, I'm glad that people resonate with it. Now you was talking about microdosing on shrooms. Yeah. What, what does that put your mind and do you always do that to produce and write? Nah, nah, Emini here. I think, I think for this, this album, it was an interesting opportunity to, to kind of unplug Emini here. I I wasn't doing as many shows around that time too, so it was really helpful to, to kind of just get into my own head and try to figure out who I am. You know, I I I definitely did a lot of manifesting, a lot of just like writing down who I wanted to be as a human being around that time. A lot of journaling, you know, and looking back at that season in my life, it was, it was a journey for me to evolve into who I am right now.


I wouldn't suggest people just go super crazy on shrooms or anything, but I think microdosing, you know, a small amount could be healthy if you're trying to just find yourself, you know? And I, at that time I was trying to find myself, you know? Yeah. I microdose. I microdose too. You said you were trying to find yourself. Did you find yourself? Yeah, But Emini here, I feel like that's a constant journey. That's like the whole part of finding yourself. You realize it, it never stops because we're always evolving, you know? But it's, it's great that I was able to do it through music that, that, that was like a version of musical therapy for me. And I'm glad that people are resonating with it. You know? I love how you're normalizing dogs on mu not, not, not, I'm not a dog anymore. There is a young unhealed version of me that would've really appreciated that that record, because you make it sound so fun.


And it's almost like women are just going bring you in. Like, oh, Brent, come in, you straight dog. Let Me domesticate you. Nah, Emini here. I, I was really just documenting what I saw. Cut it out, but nah, nah, nah. It's definitely, it's definitely parts me. It definitely, Now you document what You about. We identify with the was me post, you know, post breakup where, where I just had to, I just had to figure it out. But I think that's all a part of living, you know. Do you get nervous though, that's starting this, this is a breakup like album? Yeah. Wow. Yeah, this is a pulse breakup album. So this is me documenting, you know, finding myself first off. Like, you know, you, you're, you're kind of broken after that and then you gotta you gotta put the pieces back together. Her Fault. Yes.


Nah, it's not her fault. Emini here. It's our fault. Yes. Listen Leon, it's her fault that you ended up being a dog. You went through your, it's her Fault. I bet. I think it's very commendable too, that on the song Safe Place, you let the person you're dealing with know this isn't a safe place. Yeah. Yeah. What inspired that Emini Here? I think knowing that I wasn't necessarily ready to settle down. I think that conversation definitely came up a lot during, I guess you would call him my face. You know, just understanding like, yo, I'm, I'm, I'm not trying to settle down. This is a, this is a fun place, you know, this is a, this is a time period where I'm just figuring me out. Work is crazy. It's hectic, you know? And, And I think having that conversation was important to, like you said, just avoid people not understanding what it was at the time.


That was, you Were Honest. I personal. 'cause you're honest in music, but it's difficult to be face to face with somebody and be like, It's very, it's very difficult thing, you know? I really try my best to be as honest as I can, but yeah, those are hard conversations man. You know, I, I, I can't sit here and say I've always done it right or I'm, I'm perfect or anything. But I try, I try to be like real, you know, I try to explain myself, but even when you explain yourself, sometimes wires get crossed, you know, so unpacking it and communicating, you know, is an important thing later on. Yeah. Don't, no woman wanna hear that after she just let you hit raw. Yeah, it's, yeah, it's not. Has a woman ever said that to you when you were trying to like, create like a, all right, maybe this is like a thing and she's like, yo, I like You, I don't wanna do that to you.


Pert. Yeah, actually, yeah. Yeah. In my, in my early twenties I was talking to this amazing artist and, and yeah, she was just like, listen baby, this ain't safe place kind of thing. You know, anybody we know now. She's like, nah, no, nah, I don't think you guys, you tear up A little Bit. Yeah. Nah, no, no. It was all good for me. Emini here at that point, Your shades all fogging up. Nah, you tear little bit, But yeah. Yeah. You know, it was definitely, you know, it was definitely a, a, a realization for me. I was like, oh, it can happen on that side too. I was like 20, maybe 21, you know? Oh, you cried me. Yeah. Yeah. So I was like real young and kind, kind of, you know, green, like, oh, okay. All right. Bet. Cool. So you all looking for a relationship now? If the Right person? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm definitely, I'm definitely in that mode right now.


You, Are you dating, would you date art other like artists, celebrities, or do you, like, how does that work? Are you doing that right now? It's just hectic Emini here. You kind of inviting the media into your life, like the one safe place you have. But Emini here, who knows if I really catch a vibe with somebody who happens to be fan Emini here, I don't really care about that side of things. You know, I've been in the game a long time. I've met some beautiful women who are amazing artists, but it's just about the human being. And it can be tough to, to, to really build something if both of your schedules are super hectic. So, I don't know, I don't wanna ask a question too about the, the another record on Farfetched. Yeah. You said, because we was, we was having a big conversation this week about tricking 'cause you know, skip Bail allegedly, oh my God. Offered somebody 1.5 million. Oh my god. And you say paid for my mistakes in Bens and Diamonds two 50 fronted, like you was my artist.


Five Gs just across the Atlantic. We sat in silence for almost two hours. Yeah, that's a horrible vacation. A quarter million dollars. Yeah. Bens and Diamonds. Well, listen, when I wrote that record, it was not for me. That was not a joint that I was originally gonna use for me. It was for somebody really famous and really rich. But I just love the way it sounded. And I was like, well you know what? I love to speak in a world where I can actually afford that. Why not? Let's manifest that And Lucid dreams you talk about just significant other, leaving things behind. Yeah, that Was a, that was a fun record with Miss Sego after A breakup. Why, why do you think that topic is taboo? I Don't really consider it taboo necessarily, but I think it's just like, it's just funny 'cause for me, I was living with my ex for like a couple years.


So she just had like a closet filled with clothes at my crib and it had been like a year and a half since we were broken up. So we were in the studio talking about different things. The guitarist and producer on that song, freaky Rob, his girl left a, a flat screen at the house that he had to use to watch Netflix. He was like, man, when is she gonna take this flat screen? And you know, Meego also had a similar situation like that at his crib with a couch. So we were all just kind of using all of our different experiences, putting it into a song and you know, just locking it in. It's Different when it's closed though. Yeah. Did you clear, you cleared out the Closet, right? Yeah, definitely cleared out the, okay. Yeah. Yeah. Cleared out the closet lock. Did you move out of the apartment or you just cleared out the closet? You still Nah, I'm still at the crib.


Okay. You know what, Emini here still at the crib. You know, there's definitely a certain interior design choices. I'm gonna switch up soon, but, oh, This is like real recent. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. All right. The album is out right now. Make sure you pick it up. And we appreciate you for joining us, Man. Yeah, thank you so much for having me man. This's a big opportunity. Thank you so much. It's Leon Thomas. The album Mutt is out now and it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to Jess with the mess Music. Real Robin Moore. Jess don't do no lying. Don't Lie, She don't spare. Nobody spare Worldwide. Jess worldwide on The Breakfast Club.


She, the culture shoot. She was Able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get You to see. It's time to set it off. Alright, so I was trying to report this first hour and yesterday I wanted to do this. Patti LaBelle Har her team is upset about heart portrayal and the documentary for Luther Vro. So CNN they, they aired this documentary on Luther on New Year's Day. And Patti LaBelle was featured in the documentary because she and Luther were really good friends, but she wasn't portrayed in the documentary like she would've wanted to be, or like, we would've even expected being that they were really good friends. She, she allegedly participated in the documentary, but she declined to sign the release form because they denied her request of reviewing the full, the final edit.


Like so she wanted to see it, she Wanted to see it before it came out. Of course, course, yeah. Because they didn't she decide, she decided that, no, I'm not gonna sign the release. So, And she was right. She Still, yeah, she still appeared in the documentary. But it was a clip from a 2017 interview with Andy Cohen that she did. And before the clip plays the documentary shows a commentary of Richard Marks who was a friend and a colleague of Luther. And he was criticizing people who claim to be friends of Luther but shared his personal information. Basically. That's the clip of the guy talking No clip. It's not, it's not him. No. Okay.


Jesus. Wow. Yeah. So basically Andy Cohen asked, What's my delays on the producer right now? Justin, he asked her because he's a dha. Crazy. Yeah. He basically, she's sitting with Andy Cohen and, and he, she was speaking on how Luther didn't want to tell his mom, he didn't want his mom to find out and he didn't wanna disappoint his female fans. Right. You know what Emini here, he thought it would like just crush his, the, the star that he was or whatever. Sam Sammy, you can't come in here whispering. We live on air. Just Just say it. And then after And then so after that clip, after that clip aired or whatever, It just basically a clip After it circulated or whatever, then her, that's when her team caught one of and just was like, yo, like this is, apparently she didn't even see the documentary.


That's 'cause she's on tour, she's busy and that, but her team saw it and they just like, damn like, because it, it doesn't even, they don't even stress the importance of the friendship between Luther and Patty at all. She, it was how they edited. And then right after that clip of her sitting with Andy Cohen, it goes to him talking about how he chose, why he chose not to speak on the sexuality. So it was kind of how they edited. Like it was like they implied that she was the one who put out, you know, like she like basically she was out in her friend. So Patty was right to not sign off on it. Off on because she wanted to see it because she wanted to see how she was gonna be portrayed in the documentary. She's right for That. And it just seems like some type of give back, like, because she didn't sign it. They went and go found, they went and found that and had Richard Marks put it in there.


Say, Oh his friends, some of his, I didn't like how some of his people who claim to be his friends share Personal information. I think that would've been in there, been been in there regardless because you know that that would You think so? Yeah. Yeah. That, that would've been in there regardless. I, I think what Patty is saying is true 'cause you can sit down and do those documentaries and say whatever you want to say, but it's the way that they'll edit it and put it together that'll have you looking crazy. So she was like, yo, let me see it first before I sign off on It. And I, And I would tell anybody out there that's listening, if you ever get a chance or if they ever want you to do anything for television, regardless if it's a small or or big pause. One thing I would say that I learned working up here, And I think Charlamagne actually told me this, he didn't teach me, but I seen him do it, which made me know is Charla won't sign off on anything.


I won't either unless we get to see it first. Right. 'cause a lot of times they give you the paperwork first and be like, Hey can you sign this before we film? And then they already have film. Nah, I ain't signing nothing till I see the finished product because you ain't gonna have me looking crazy or, or taking things outta context. 'cause people will do that for ratings and clicks and likes and, nah, I ain't doing that. Crazy. Did that happen to me with the Wendy Williams documentary? I Remember on Lifetime. Yeah I did. I I I did the doc And I didn't sign off on purpose. My team team was like, no, don't sign off till we see it. And when I saw it I'm like, nah, I ain't like what they was trying to portray. That's right. Yeah. I get it. Not the second win. Wendy Williams documentary was the The one that just came out? No, that first one. Oh no, not where's Wendy? It's the other one. I don't remember. It wasn't the last one though. It was the one before that. Okay. Well speaking of Wendy Williams, her brother is selling free Wendy Merch.


Tommy is selling these shirts. He's reportedly selling the merch to help raise awareness for what's been happening with her as she's trying to be freed from her guardian or whatever. He said she's not free now with her liberties or, or with what she wants to do. It's a movement. Wendy has been under a court order guardianship since May, 2022 and she's been battling multiple health issues. We know that her guardian, Sabrina Morrisey recently claimed that Wendy is cognitively impaired and permanently incapacitated. But our fam family and friends, including Charlamagne believe otherwise he's hope her brother is hopeful that she'll be able to move to Florida with them or whatever. And then in an interview with the son, with the US son Tommy spoke about how much he enjoyed spending time with her when she came down for her son's graduation.


But these are the shirts and these really don't look like nothing that Wendy would wear approve to sell or tell somebody else to sell. So So Is it mugs too? Because I see a mug, I see a free Wendy mug. It was, it's merch definitely. So I, we I just wanted to concentrate on the just the t-shirts by themselves. Them shirts ain't designed. That's when you go to one of them websites. Yeah. You Just, and He just, you just, when you can just make custom stuff. I think I seen it somewhere it was $25 that one of these teachers. Is This real? Because I see something that says Morning time and it got the brother's face on it. Look, that Is real selling that with morning time. Yep. That is him a $15 mug with morning time with Tommy Face on there saying hello with no shirt on. Oh Lord. So hopefully we get some justice for Wendy.


Wendy is not cognitively declined. Mm. Her Yesterday not declined. Cognitively Declined. Whatever they say, they say she's cognitively declined. Cognitively Impaired, incapacitated and permanently in Wendy is no. Can you find out if, if she's, if she behind these t-shirts because I wanna buy one buddy. She will. I She, I wanna see her cussing her damn brother house. Like why the f would you put This Up? Y'all want me to start being the Wendy Whisperer? I'ma, I'm gonna ask Yes. I'ma I'm gonna ask Wendy if she wants me to relay certain things. Yeah, yeah, please. I'm gonna ask her that next Time I talk and if you can't get up here for an interview, you thinking about Daddy a little scared of that. We don't know what's gonna come outta that mouth. I I'm not scared of that. I'm like, I want Wendy to be Well that's what I want from Wendy too.


I'm not even thinking about stuff like that. I don want her just want her to be Well, but yes, I'm I'm gonna see if she wants me to start relaying certain things to the to the public. To the public public. Yeah. We would certainly be looking forward to it. That is just with mess. Absolutely. I prefer to get it from her if you actually speaking to her. 'cause like with these things, I don't know if I should buy a mug or not Smoke there yesterday She say anything about the mug. I know that's right. Every Wanna fight me. Alright. Alright. Well who you giving your donkey to man? Four after the hour man. Well we need a 60-year-old substitute teacher named Gail West to come to the front of the congregation. But this is a bigger discussion than I want to have and it is about out Nudity don't, don't point that D laser at me please.


What are you talking about? That's not the D lazy you got in your hand Boy. Are you on the cognitive decline? What Are you talking about? Point Oh I didn't know it was a pin. You be pointing things at me on lawn. I just wanna make sure what's wrong with Him. Jack, that's wrong with What you do. Got a dick Tracy Laser in your hand and you are pointing it And I know one thing. It better not come over here. I would that way. That's harassment only. Harassment. Absolutely. And I can't wait to foul so Don't, don't play for me. Alright, we'll get to Dunking at day. Next is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. It's crazy. People in America, I really got Bronx from It's time for Don't give the day. We in the, the craziest People in America Come from the Bronx and all of he laughed.


Why does The Sunshine State consistently produce such strange News? If I catch all asy tattoo, I whisper y'all. It's just one of the many wacky news stories out of Florida on The Breakfast Club. Yes. Donkey today for Thursday, January 9th goes to a 60-year-old substitute teacher named Gail Wessel. Now Gail was a substitute teacher for some elementary school kids at Park Avenue Private School in Lake Wells, Florida. What does Jean Charla always tell you about the great state of Florida? Say it with me. The craziest people in America come from the Bronx in all of Florida and today is no exception. We was just having this conversation yesterday about the parental paranoia we all feel when we send our kids out into The World.


Okay, we are sending them to school every day with the hope that the teachers and administration of the school they are attending treat our kids like their own. What a gamble that is. Okay. Now I get on this radio all the time and tell you that every day of our lives we are trying to avoid crazy. Okay? How do we know we not dropping our children off to the crazy though? That's why parental paranoia, the anxiety that you feel as a parent is such a real thing. And this story with Gail Westell is absolutely not going to do anything to make you parental paranoia feel better because see Gail exposed some of these elementary school kids to something they ain't got no business seeing and that's something is her naked.


Let's go to CBS 10 Tampa for the report. Please Substitute teacher in Lake Wales is facing church accused her showing students explicit photos of herself. This happened in November at Park Avenue Private School, but police have now found and arrested her. They say she tried to delete the photos while detectives were speaking with her, but later admitted to showing them to the elementary school kids. Investigators are asking you to come forward if you know anything about this case, Lock her up. Lock her up. These are minors, elementary school kids. I know we live in a world where they see worse on social media, but that's what discovery is all about. Okay? Little kids being curious and seeking out nude photos on their own. It's completely different than a big grown ass woman showing them nude photos of herself.


Not to mention Gail is not attractive. Okay? Somebody print me out a picture of Gail. You wanna see what Gail look like? Yeah. Hold on. Let me show y'all what Gail look like real quick. I meant to print out a picture. This is Gail, y'all. Oh no, right? No. Gail looks like her memoir would be titled 12 Years of Meth Head. Well, she's 60, so actually probably 40 years. Okay, look, Gail is 60, but she looks like she just turned dead. Okay? And she looks like she's been dead for a couple of weeks. What I'm trying to say is the woman is aging like milk. There is no reason for her to be showing her spoiled ass titties. The kids. Okay? It's wrong period to be exposing minus to nude pictures of yourself as a teacher, but the delusion to think you are even show off worthy.


Okay? And I'm gonna tell you, all right, you are corrupting these kids in ways you may not understand because I'm gonna tell you something that a lot of men don't talk about. Well, at least I've never heard it discussed publicly. And that is the first time we ever laid eyes on a naked woman. That is a very pivotal and important point in a man's life, okay? Every man remembers the first time we saw a woman in the nude. Doesn't matter if it was in real life or a porno or a Penthouse magazine or Playboy C, y'all generation got it easy. Okay? We would've to sneak a peek of someone's Playboy or Penthouse magazine. Nowadays, you can just go on PornHub. Hell, you can just go on X. This generation will never know or understand what it feels like to just stumble upon somebody's porn stash. Okay? Oh, the 19 hundreds was the time.


Your uncle, your big brother, your dad, your granddad, you just in their room looking for something else and discover a Nudie magazine. What you talking about? Okay, A nu a Nudie magazine filled with the hairiest of goodness. Okay? I remember when I got my hands on a penthouse And I put it in my trapper keeper and we would gather around that trapper keeper often. And look at those vintage eighties bodies. Every man remembers the first nude woman they saw envy. Do you remember? Yeah. The first nude woman you ever saw. Yep. Talker. I don't know if it was HBO or Showtime, but back in the day at night, HBO and Showtime used to have them sex scenes, Paul Keys, revenge and nerves. Oh my goodness. Oh man, what you talking about? Or cable like back in the day, cable like the high, the high channels used to have nothing but porn all all day.


So if you put, if you like, go up and down fast, like 1 35, 1 36, 1 35, 1 36, you get to see it clear. Ooh red. Do you remember the first Remember woman you ever saw Red? Yeah, it's the same cable had it. So growing up and then my uncle had a stash. He had like a stash of like 15 Playboy Books. Come on now in The bathroom. I knew exactly where it was at. I'll never forget It. Come on now. He said I never forget it. Why am I bringing this up? Because Gale, we is not the first naked woman any young man should be exposed to. Okay? Seeing a woman like Gail naked, ugh, could easily turn a young man gay. Nothing wrong with being gay, okay? By the way, I'm just simply saying we don't need this in the classroom. Governor DeSantis signed the don't say gay bill. The law says public school teachers may not instruct on sexual orientation or gender identity in grades kindergarten through third grade.


I am saying that someone like Gail has found a way around that because she knows if she shows young men her nudes, they would never want to touch a woman. Okay? I'm looking at her mugshot. Look at her mugshot once again. Yo, just look. Mm, just look At her mugshot. If I see that naked, I would never Come on, man. All I can think to myself on top of her other charges showing obscene material to minors is one of her charges. She also needs to be charged with a hate crime. Okay? She looks like an old Republican senator all just close your eyes and imagine a moose knuckle covered in plain non-fat yogurt. That's how Gail looks. Ugh. And I personally think because of Florida's don't say gay laws. Gail was planted in that classroom and exposed those disgusting news to those kids so she can make those young men not want women.


Her name is Gail, and you can't spell Gail without gay. And can none of y'all tell me I'm wrong because Facebook doesn't do fact checking anymore. So my conspiracy theory going, blah, but seriously what Gail did is disgusting and very perverted. And this is why more and more parents are choosing to homeschool their kids. Please let Kathy Griffin give Gail Wessel the biggest. He her. Please give this Giant jar of mail the biggest he haw. Oh my gosh, come poor man. Cut it out. That's Michael Rappaport, man, man show. Look at this, man. Listen.


The piece of the planet charlamagne God here. And I just want you to know, if you're not on Amazon Prime, you're seriously missing out. It's not just about the fast free delivery, although let's be real, that's a game changer. It especially was for me this holiday season. Prime is like your personal guide to everything you're into or want to get into. Whether it's binge watching, the latest hit on Prime video, you know, listening to your favorite playlist on Amazon music or getting those last minute gifts, which same day, free delivery prime's got you covered. And here's the kicker. Prime isn't just about getting you closer to your passions, it's about helping you discover new ones too. Got a hobby you're obsessed with Prime Fuels it. Trying something new Prime helps you dive deep into whatever's next. It's like me being passionate about mental health. You can order all kinds of books on mental health on Prime. My favorite is the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Prime gets you closer to what really matters, making all times of the year that much more special. Whether it's streaming your favorite movie, or getting that perfect gift delivered the same day, prime makes everything easy and stress free. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Is it? amazon.com/prime.


Now


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like Intelligent All-Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of AppleLink Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


The New Year's here, it's the perfect time to refresh those household essentials and score some cash back rewards with Colgate Palm Molls from toothpaste to dish soap, chances are you've got Colgate Palm Olive products on your shopping list and in your house. Right now we're talking brands like Colgate Soft soap, Palm Olive, Irish, spring, Fabuloso, and TOMS of Maine. And right now you can get up to a $10 digital Visa prepaid card when you buy up to $30 of Colgate Palm olive products. Here's how it works. Spend $20 on their products, get $5, spend $30, get a $10 reward. All you do is shop your favorite brands, snap a pick of your receipt and upload it to cp rewards.com. It's so easy. That's cp rewards.com. So grab what you need or maybe try something new and get rewarded just for doing your usual shopping. And start your year fresh by earning cash back rewards with Colgate Palm Olive Rewards available while supplies last limit. Apply us only 1, 1 25 through 3 31 25. For full terms and conditions, visit cp rewards.com.


I'm Jason Alexander. And I'm Peter Tilden. And together On the really no really podcast, Our mission is to get the true answers to life's baffling. Questions like why They refuse to make the bathroom door go all the way to the floor. We got the answer. Will space junk block your cell signal? The astronaut who almost drowned during a spacewalk gives us the answer. Whoa. We talk with the scientist who figured out if your dog truly loves you and the one bringing back the wooly mammoth. Plus, does Tom Cruise really do his own stunts? His stunt man reveals the answer, and you never know who's gonna drop by. Mr. Brian Cranson is what he's doing. How are you too? Hello, my Friend Wayne Knight about Jurassic Park. Wayne Knight, Welcome to realize, really, sir, bless you all. Hello Newman. And you never know when Howie Mandel might just stop by to talk about judging. Really? That's the opening, really. No, really? Yeah, really. No. Really go to really no. really.com And register to win $500 a guest spot on our podcast or a limited edition sign. Jason Bobblehead, it's Called, really? No. Really. And you can find it on the iHeartRadio app, on Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up y'all? This is Questlove and I'm here to tell you about a new podcast I've been working on with the Story Pirates and John Glickman called Historical Records. It's a family friendly podcast. Yeah, you heard that, right? A podcast for all ages. One you can listen to and enjoy with your kids. Starting on September 27th, I'm going to toss it over to the host of Historical Records, Emini to tell you all about it. Make sure you check it out. Hey, y'all. Emini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records. Historical Records brings history to life through Hip Hop Smash Slam. Another one Gone. BA Bam, Another one Gone the Bat and another one Gone. A Tip the Cap. Another one Gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the city bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing. Check it. And I give nine months before. Get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning into Historical Records. Because in order to make history, you have to make some noise. Listen to Historical Records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Mugshot with her with short hair. That crazy come Muscle Man. Crazy. Did you imagine seeing that naked for the first time? You might not never want to touch it. A naked person. Jesus, That's, didn't I Just say that? I'm just saying it again. That picture looks even worse. I'm trying to tell you, Jesus. Laughing. Laughing. That's Not real. That's not real. There's no such thing as only mans.com, right? I don't know. Only the only mans.com. I have no idea. I'm just not something I've searched before And I wouldn't want that in my search history. Somebody. But Now it's in your search history. Somebody said it's, it says only mans.com is coming soon. Really? Well, our producer Mack said that there's some pictures of Caitlyn, Jenna posing on only mans.com and that's what this mugshot look like.


He's stupid. So he must got something that we don't know. I'm right. Mac. Mac must got something. We something exclusive. Damn. He got something new on his five stick. All right, well thank you for that Donkey of the Day. Up next, ask Jess. Jess, fix my mess. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you're going through relationship issues, relationship problems, or any type of problems, you can call Jess right now. (800) 585-1051. Jess, fix my mess. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Ask about me relationship problems. Ask about me. If you need to beat your coworkers ass, ask about me. Your coworker need to beat your ass. Call it up If Dr.


Jess and I'm here to fix your mess. Fix your mess. It's getting very much messy. Let me Fix this Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's time for Jess. Fix my mess. Hello, who's this? Hey Jess. What's up? Good morning. Hey baby girl. How You Doing for you And I? I'm good. It's not even really a question. I just wanted to get it off my chest this morning. Okay. Me and this guy at the broke up, he found another girlfriend after six, seven months. They break up, I accept him back, not caring what happened or whatever. And the girl keeps stalking, harassing me like I'm the problem. 'cause he don't want her no more. So you was the girlfriend before and then you left him alone for finding out he was dealing with her.


He, he went with her and then now they broke up. And now you, y'all two back together and this girl is now stalking you? Yes, stalking, harassing me, stalking, harassing court, everything. Okay. Okay. So how do you know is the communication done between them two? No, 'cause she was just calling yesterday but you know, she don't get an answer when I'm around Now when you are around. All right. But when you ain't around she definitely gets, you Know that phone picking up I ain't stupid. And that's exactly why she still feel like she can harass you because he's telling her one thing and telling you one thing. It is just that he's expecting her to be in compliance when she's around you and when he's around you.


And she won't because of what he's telling her. Right. So you know what you gotta do, boo. You gotta leave that nigga alone All the way. All the way. But what is it about him? What is it about him? Everything. He Paying your bills that penis, he then you down. Is he he paying your bills? What he doing? I'm waiting to hear something else. Stick out all that. What makes it worth it? What makes it worth being stalked? When it comes down to what I need financially, mentally, physically, he's there. You know what, Emini here. Okay. And when it comes down to the streets, Emini here. Physical, you know, you little girl. That's the problem. Okay. Is it worth being stalked By her? Not really, because she, she pulls up but don't do anything.


It didn't call the cops. It didn't call the cops on you for pulling up on you? Yes. Okay. Okay. Well it sound like, you know, it sound a little fun. If it ain't really detrimental to your, your mental state or anything like that, I think you'll be fine. You know, but if not, You know what you gotta do on her marble. Right. Let it go. Let it go or keep it. But this what it come with when you keep it. Exactly. That's why I say, you know what you put yourself in, get yourself into. That's Right. But be safe. Be safe. You too. You too guys. Thank you. No problem. Have A good one. You see what women put up with when they let a man hit raw ky And he sound like he doing everything though. You know what I'm Saying? He doing everything else too.


And then that's nasty. 'cause he eating too bunk. He's like ew. Oh my Goodness. Cross contamination. Cross contamination going. Are you kissing both of 'em in the mouth? That's weird. All Right, just fix my mess. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Caller up right now is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Hey, It's the real deal. Help me, help me. Oh my God. I'm all up in your mess. I'm gonna fix it. Fix it, fix it, fix it. Just gonna fix your mess. 'cause my advice is real Morning everybody, it's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We are in the middle of just fix my mess. Hello. Who's this? Yo, This dj bipolar man, myself. Central Pa man. Way of bk Brooklyn.


Stand up. Pa Stand up. Lancaster. Harrisburg. Ready? What up? All right, what's your question, bro? Definitely sound Bipolar. Alright, so this is Jess, right? What's up? Hey yo, what's up? What's up Leno? What's up Uncle Shaa Peace King. How you doing? Right? Peace King. Peace King. Please see everybody in their family. Happy to New Year, happy holidays. They make this quick. So my kid's mother, we have three kids. We going through a divorce, known each other 20 something years. She worked for the state. She won't let me see my kids. And she know how I get about my kids. I've always been there for my kids. I was the one getting 'em ready for school, doing the hair, making breakfast, picking 'em up, drop offs, all that factual. So my whole thing is I know she be, she be doing taxes for people and, and, and scamming and doing all that.


And I know a whole bunch of illegal stuff that she's been doing too. Damn. So should I, should I, should I return a favor or what? What's up? What do you consider returning a favor? If I think what you turn the In from Brooklyn. The End? No, yo, you just, You from Nah, listen, check this out. Hey listen, Jess, man, you know from the wire for a fact, right? Yes. You from B more if you, if you in the streets, you ain't telling I ain't in the streets no more. That's right. Baby mother Streets no more This's the thing, this is the thing, and This is for my kids. No, this, it ain't about her no more this's for my kids. My father died. She seen my father dead. She seen me crying over him knowing I didn't care about him and still talk junk about him after he died.


Mm. I got you. I got You. Yeah. Nah, you not even a person to me no more. Now the gloves is off. I feel you. Come on now. But what you will be doing, look, I, I understand, I understand. I ain't, even when I was in the streets, I would snitch on a, so I don't even relate to all of that. I don't snitch. But look, this the thing, what you will be doing is taking food outta your baby's mouth. 'cause that's how she feed, That's how she Nah, I couple five for them the same. Well, Why don't you go to the courts? If you going, if you wanna tell so damn bad, go to the courts. He about to snitch and get it together. $3,500 for a down payment, a down payment. This is the commonwealth. This ain't New York. This commonwealth different. I Just, for some, just to get the, the, the, the stuff started, it's 3,500.


Ask her, Get started and every time, and, and listen, she worked for the state so she knows how to make things prolong the best. Trust me, she's good at what she do. She's been there 20 something years since nine 11, bro. He Was already gonna snitch. She just want you to say yes. Okay. He already snitch it. I I don't think you should stay. No, no. Nah. I'm, I'm almost there. I'm almost there. Envy. I'm deadass. I'm almost there bro. Because listen man, you listen man. I been, I'm the one that be taking care of him, bro. I feel you. I'm the one that took care of him when we was together. I understand. So she gonna Lose her job, go to jail and you just like f It. I don't, I I do. I don't think it's good that, that she's keeping your kids away from you. It's just the way that you going about it when you can just go to the court And I know you need 3,500.


I know, but go make something shake and get that because that's gonna get you further than I need. 3,500. Turn her in. Not that I need 3,500. Okay. It is that I need to feel better. Oh, you want the type Of a revenge. You feel it? I'm looking. Okay. I can't believe y'all are discouraging this man from doing the right thing. Well Do what you do. Go understand Now. Look, Charlie ain't go the better counseling and he understands bro. I've been through positive behavioral therapy for nine years. Yes, nine years. Okay, tell sir. Well you Would be doing good deed because obviously she is ripping people off. Go ahead. Emini here. The mother in me wouldn't. Yeah, because wouldn't let you Because the thing is, the thing is, the thing is she look at it like, oh, my girl is just, my girl is like, nah.


How, who is you judging? You, you a pos too. Like whatcha talking about? We all Pos. Oh, okay. So you got your girl who's judge? Alright, so you're not saying you got a girl. She not over you said okay. All right. So she being spiteful and now You Be even more spiteful. No, no, no, no, no. That's my kid. That's my kid mom too. My girl. We have a kid too. Oh, okay, okay. You know what I'm saying? Alright, I get it. Just go Snitch. We work, listen, we work third shift on the same machine. Mm. Day and night. Third shift. Okay. You don't argue nowhere near as much as I used to with her. If you got a snitch to see your kids damn snitch brother do it. Word. You remind me to see the belly. You seen you from New York, you seen belly, right? Yes. Yes ma'am. Yes.


You, you know the scene where he's eating a banana? He said, he said, I don't like that dad. Nah, That's, That's The homie for many people. That ain't me baby. He 47 years old. That's His baby mama. I'm more like Daddy Little What Jess said is right, go to the authorities or go to the courts, whoever you need to go to and do the right thing, brother. Don't listen to Envy dumb 47-year-old. I'm Just saying don't putting baby mother in jail, baby mother. His kid have the Mom. If she deserved to be in jail, she need to go to jail. Listen, because she wouldn't have thing to The court system. I've been through the court system for a long time. Your first offense, they don't even hit you hard, especially when you work for the state. So she, so she gonna be Alright Man.


Talk to me, talk to me baby. Alright, well stop you Do that on my head. You understand what I'm saying? Release the children. Go do what you gotta do, sir. Do What you gotta do, man. Get your kids. We this kids go see the mom. Absolutely. Right. Go To the court. I know. That is so sad. I could, the the mom and me couldn't be like, yo, go ahead snitch on shorty. You know, I but Emini here. She she Was do it on him in a Heartbeat. He she gonna go to jail, So, and she gonna go to jail. He said so She be back. Exactly. He gotta take the kids to go Visit her. He he been doing everything for him anyway, so whatever. All right, well That's it. Just fix my mess. And if you want more, just fix my mess.


Make sure you listen to the Carefully Reckless podcast on the Black Peck iHeartRadio podcast network drops every Wednesday. Every Wednesday. Yeah. He didn't even want you to fix the mess. He just wanted you to cosign with him. Yeah. Yeah. He, he was Ready to, he in the car on his way to pull up too. Right now. He at the courthouse right now. Yes. Jesus. Well we got Jess with the mess coming up. Yes. Listen, speaking of relationships and, and ex merges and, and all of that type of stuff. Cheryl Lee, Ralph has said something that I do not understand. I I don't think I will ever be in this position when I'm married to my husband, but we gonna get into it. All right, we'll get to that. Next is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Good Morning everybody. It's Steve Envy.


Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Club. Ever disrespect Chris Browns. That was Chris Clown. You just did this now. Hell Absolutely. Let's get to just de Just Robin Moore. Just Don't do no lie. Don't do, She don't spell nobody worldwide. Jess worldwide on The Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She Was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to See. It's time to shut it door. Alright, so I said that I wanted to understand where Cheryl Lee Ralph was coming from, but she and her husband Vincent Hughes, they've been together for 20 years.


They've been married, they got married back in 2005. Right. And he's a, he's a senator. Her husband is a senator. And so he lives in pa right Pennsylvania. And she lives in LA because she just all this time kept getting booked, you know, like the black golden goddess that she is. Right. And they decided a long time ago that she wasn't gonna leave Hollywood and that he wasn't gonna leave pa and it's been working for them. So she spoke to People Magazine about how they've been, be able to make this work for since the beginning. We met while I was doing thoroughly modern Millie on Broadway. And you fall in love with somebody and you realize he, he's not leaving his career.


He is not leaving Philadelphia. I'm not leaving Hollywood. And when you have children, you can't just pick up your children and move across country. No. That doesn't really work. So it just worked out that I was in California, he was in Philadelphia and every two weeks we saw each other and it worked out well. And it has continued to work out well. We will celebrate 20 years of marriage. Thank you. And some people can't even get through to Better than me. I couldn't do it. I I could not do it either. I'm, I'm a cancer, I like being up under my wife all the time. Yeah. And I would say, I guess this comes with age and just being, you know, there insecure in your marriage.


You know what, Emini here. But I just, I just still can't comes With age. When you named Cheryl Lee, you came outgrown. I I know, right? Yeah, I know. And Then Cheryl Lee been giving us that motherly favorite auntie energy since she was a Newborn. But I guess Abbott Elementary is good too. 'cause they shoot a lot of scenes in Pennsylvania because she's on that. So maybe they get to see each other a lot more. Said every two weeks they Shoot. They said they shoot a little bit in Pennsylvania, they shoot la I don't know. I noticed, I noticed the show is based out of Philly. Yeah, it takes place. That might be a lot in la I don't know. Yeah. But they also said they shoot out in Pennsylvania because I looked it up, I was like, well when she films, how does that work? But they said they shoot some scenes in Pennsylvania. I don't know if she's part of those scenes, but that would be tough for me. There is no way I can do that. Nah. I like being up to my wife too much And I, I I can't, I can't do it.


I be having a problem when Chris just be on the road like for one day at a time. I, I, I can't do it. She spoke on some of the secrets of their successful marriage saying they address issues head on and that he has his own motion. That helps. He has his own life. I have my own life. He has his own real career. I have my own real career. So he is not looking at me thinking about status or this or that. He's doing his thing. I get to do my thing. We also live in separate places when I go to see him, love to see him when it's time to leave. Bye-bye. See you soon.


I'm telling You, Life is good. And I believe it because she's speaking that, see, that's one secure woman. They Said every how long? Every two weeks. She said no humping for two weeks though. She, she said something that they, they mean Emini here. They old. Yeah, that's exactly, but you don't think old people hump. That's how we got roses and all of that stuff. What's her Husband name? Vincent Hughes. That's see what he look like. Shirley and Vincent. That's old. That's old. Old and Vincent coming home for dinner y'all. Yep. Yep. Now she look good. I wanna say if he look, just Look as good as her. And he a senator. You know them politicians be aging like bananas. I don't care what race you are. Damn. You age Jesus. Real Bad. No, because being a politician is very serious.


It's, it's very aging. It's stressful. So why y'all looking for that? I'm gonna move on. He, he, yeah, He, he look all right. Yeah, he handsome. Handsome older man. Yeah. Okay. That's nice. Lemme see. Emini here. He's 68. Right. That him, lemme see it. Okay. Yeah, he like an old old Wallow. Wallow. I like Though, like old handsome wallow. Wallow was handsome but he's young. I'm talking about him. Yeah, he look good. He might be Wallow go. Yeah. Moving, moving on. K Chloe Kardashian and Scott Disk. So Chloe has a, a podcast that she launched is called Chloe in Wonderland. And for the first episode she had Scott Disk on as a guest. Now Scott Disk is her brother's ex who all her children are by except for the, the baby that she just had by her now husband, Travis Barker or whatever.


But Chloe did call Scott her brother and one of her best friends. So they are close, but not in the capacity that we, that we speculated. Alright. So they've known each other for 20 years. Right. And they met when he started dating, when Scott started dating Chloe. But I used to watch the show. Courtney Emini here. Chloe. My bad, my bad. K, k, k. That's, that's the data system ain't Red. Watch the show Red. Correct. You immediately. Courtney Courtney, I used to watch the show. No, this is the thing on the show. Scott is dating Courtney, but him and Chloe had a weird relationship. They would be closer than him and Courtney would be like, they would have like date nights and all types of things. They would, they would talk and share like stories.


It was just, it was a little too flay for you know, the public who was watching or whatever. Right. So that's why it's interesting to know that this is her first guest that she picked. And this is what she asked him because it was always rumors about them hooking up behind her sister's back. And so these, this is what they talked about on the show. Have you And I ever hooked up? Fuck yeah, no, we have Bill. Yeah. And I didn't know if this was related to you And I or just in general. Why aren't we married? I don't know if that's like together or why aren't we married? Oh, why are we both not married? But I don't know which one it was. What do they mean to each other? That's what I'm saying. I don't know. That's a huge difference He hit You think so? That's What it sound like to me.


That's what I'm saying. I know that's what every, that's what the whole America who've been watching these girls, you know, keeping up with the Kardashians back then, that's what everybody thinks. And you had him on as the first, the first guest and the first thing you asked him, have we ever hooked up and this man whether he's playing or not and he say F yet. And she's like, no we're not. No we did not. Nah. You know, she didn't even get defensive about It. Nah. He posted up that power for it and Then people was asking why they Aren't married. Slam dunk ain't dunk on her. He tried to post up, Hey Yo, she's six 10, man. Well I, oh my god, she is not six 10. Yeah she is. No she is not. She's like six two. All right. WNBA two guard. That's Still messed up. Oh stop. But anyway, people wanted to know, but obviously Chloe hasn't, no Courtney has moved on.


So Scott is no longer in their family, they just have kids together or whatever. But No, that, but that ain't, you don't move on to the, that would still cause problems. Even if they ain't no gonna say you don't move on. What I'm saying, even if they moved on, that would still cause problems if you found out that your they smash still were smashing your baby daddy or whatever it was. Yeah. That's still gonna cause some issues. But that family's different. It is, It is very different. I Don't think they're that different. And Courtney had got so fed up in a relationship with Scott Emini here. They was living in separate rooms. They, they sleeping in separate rooms for a while. For seasons and seasons and she just felt like he was a a, I can't say a-hole kinda. No. Well yeah, he was a very rich a-hole when, and he's five years younger than Chloe Courtney. So when he met he was just very immature, but he bonded with Chloe a lot.


I could see the family doing that and putting it on tv. Yeah, Yeah. He actually bought them a lot of ratings, so yeah, that's just with the mess. Alright, Thank you Jess. Why you looking like that? Why you looking So just, I don't care nothing about the Kardashians. Nope, don't, not at all. Yeah, he care when they send him headphones I'm doing, And I was confused too because I was like, damn, well who does Chloe call? Because the mama, the mama daddy, legend daddy, dad. Oh, I'm just, all right. All right. The people's choice mixes up next. You know what they said? That's O J's daughter allegedly. Yeah, that's what they would say. Oh. Was like, damn, who does she call for a complicated situation like this? That's Bruce, his name is not Bruce. He didn't change his number. Kate, sorry, sorry, sorry. Her name is not Bruce.


Oh, Kaitlyn. Oh, she, she called, called Kay. Oh she called Bruce. He, he, he'd be Bruce sometimes. You know what you think Caly changed the number, different number? You know what, it's the people choice. Let's get to the mix. Wake up, wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody, it's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club now. Salute to Leon Thomas for joining us this morning. Man, lemme tell you something man. I am a huge admirer of Leon Thomas's music. I don't like to say fan, especially after Kendrick said he's a fan. He's a fan, he's a fan. That's now, you Can't be a fan. Why Is he changing your line about everything He did, man.


But I, I really do like Leon Thomas's music. I listen to a lot of Leon Thomas, he's, he's dope to me. He's the dopest male, RB singer out right now. Yeah, Actually it is. And I didn't know, like I said, my little sister put me on him. I'm like, yo, this a Nickelodeon kid. Like he got, yeah, he got, he's very musically Inclined. So, And I don't understand why radio's not playing no more. Like, you know, to me it's just he dope. Like to, he definitely should be if radio's not playing like, and by the way, satellite radio does play 'em a lot. They do, you know what I'm saying? Satellite radio. What's the channel? What's the channel GSP program? I can't remember. Well he, he does OVO. Okay. Well they play Leon Thomas a lot. You know what Emini here, but I just don't understand why regular radio is not playing 'em. Especially on the hip hop and r and b stations. Yeah. Okay. They should be playing the hell outta Leon Thomas. All right. Y'all sleep at the wheel.


Absolute program directors around the country. That's why they been playing snooze. That's what they say. He has something to do with that. Mm. All right, well when we come back, we got the positive notice, The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's time to get up outta here. Charlamagne, you got a positive note? Hold up Before we get to the positive note. Your girl, Jess, hilarious, will be in Cabazon or Cabazon, California. The show is almost sold out, so it's obviously some people there. I did not know that that was even like a a, a place where people be, I'm gonna be at the Morongo Casino and Resort at 8:00 PM get your tickets@ticketmaster.com or just hilarious official.com. And then the following weekend I will be in Arlington, Texas at the Improv.


We got six shows, two shows on Friday, two shows on Saturdays and two show two shows on Sunday the 17th through the 19th. Get your ticket show. That's What that jewelry be sparkling. That jewelry be sparkling boy. Yeah, Just a little, Just a little something. A little light work. Yeah. Yeah. So I, I Gotta ask you try me again with a diamond test. I don't care. You know what's up. Don't play with me. Yeah, You fly. You flying into L Lax or no, No, no, no. I'm in Ontario. Oh, okay, alright. Yeah, yeah. I couldn't. I will see you guys tomorrow. Charlamagne, you got a Positive note? I do man. And you know we had Leon Thomas up here. One of the records I like from Leon Thomas, his vibes don't lie. And that is true. I don't trust words, I trust vibes. Okay. People can tell you anything, but a vibe will tell you everything.


Have a great day. You got that straight from a millennial, go ahead Breakfast Club bitches. Y'all finish or y'all done?


Listen to me. This is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passions you're into are getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you are into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now The New Year's here, it's the perfect time to refresh those household essentials and score some cashback rewards with Colgate Palm Olive from toothpaste to dish soap. Chances are you've got Colgate Palm Olive products on your shopping list and in your house. Right now we're talking brands like Colgate Soft Soap, Palm Olive, Irish, spring, Fabuloso, and TOMS of Maine. And right now you can get up to a $10 digital Visa prepaid card when you buy up to $30 of Colgate Pub Mall of products. Here's how it works. Spend $20 on their products, get $5, spend $30, get a $10 reward. All you do is shop your favorite brands, snap a pick of your receipt and upload it to cp rewards.com. It's so easy. That's cp rewards.com. So grab what you need or maybe try something new and get rewarded just for doing your usual shopping. And start your year fresh by earning cash back rewards with Colgate Palm Olive Rewards available while supplies last limit. Apply us only 1, 1 25 through 3 31 25. For full terms and conditions, visit cp rewards.com.


I'm Jason Alexander. And I'm Peter Tilden. And together, our mission On the really no really podcast Is to get the true answers to life's baffling. Questions like Why the Bathroom Door doesn't go all the way to the floor, what's in the Museum of Failure? And does your dog truly love you? We have the answer Go To really no really.com And register to win $500. A guest spot on our podcast or a limited edition sign. Jason Bobblehead, the really no really podcast, Follow us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.