
Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in. And with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light, it's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway, because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, Bose and massaging leather appointed seats are optional Features.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that.


Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments. And shipping is always free. With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


Hey, it's Jay Shetty and I'm bringing my first ever on purpose live tour to Washington DC on May 21st. Presented by Chase Sapphire Reserve. Join me in surprise guest from meaningful and insightful conversations to spark learning, experience, growth, and build real connections. Chase Sapphire Reserve card members can redeem their chase ultimate rewards points for VIP packages. To meet me before the show or visit Jay sheddy.me/tour to get your tickets.


Good morning. USA Yo Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo Yo. Just hilarious. Good morning Charlemagne de Cat. Peace to the planet is Monday. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed black and highly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What's going on? What's going on? How you feeling, Jess? How was The weekend? Good. The weekend was great. It's, I, I did a lot of, we didn't have kids this weekend, so me and hubby just went out like every day. Nice. What'd y'all go? It was nice. He just likes to do, you know, like the farmer's market and stuff like that. Like really, really natural things. Nature. So we, yes. Nature walks. Do y celebrate polling.


Oh, Christmas birthday. No. Single to mile. Single To mile. Absolutely. We are celebrating single to mile. You Didn't even know it was single to mile. You ain't even wish none of your in-laws nobody sink to my before left out. It's still six o'clock in the morning to Hun. Damn. You supposed to do that at midnight. Hold you. It's not like a new year. What you talking about it is not giving that It is. What? What Is It is day New year, right? No, it's they Independence. I don, it's an Used To go Out and drink Independence. Independence. Right. But I thought there was a Mexican Independence Day too, though. It's definitely not Cin de Mayo. I don't know. Sleuth, all the cincos out there. Only another that's not excuse to drink. Another day to Drink. Not a person for black people. But Cinco iss not a person. Right. That's Cinco is a five in Spanish. Okay. Yeah, he said all.


So, in other words, it's May 5th and it's Chris Brown birthday. Drop a clues bomb right Now. Wow. You got way more energy for Chris Brown than your, than your Mexican break Drink. That's because I'm black first. Okay. That's yeah. Thank you. That's true. That's True. And Chris Brown is from Virginia, which is a part of the DMV. So I have to celebrate him until 12 noon and then we can switch over to the Mexican holiday. The Mexican gonna remember that when the race war breakout. Don't care, girl. No, no. They gonna see what you ain't like. Like no, remember you black first smaller, you come with us, not You come with us. I know. That was y'all weekend salute to everybody. I was out in, first. I was out in Atlanta. They had Tequila Fest. Nice Cinco de mail, see?


No. But yeah, they had a tequila fest, which I dj. It was like six, 7,000 people, which was funny man. Nice. And I went to Illinois. My own, my own, my own Illinois. I've never been there before. I didn't even know planes actually go there. You are Butchering it. And you was just in that City? Yeah, I was in the city. I didn't never asked Nobody How to say it. Nope. Quad Cities, what they call it? It's like right near Iowa. Oh, okay. I ain't know where I was. You're Pronouncing it like it's Mexican. What'd you say? Mayan Mayon Ion. Yes, I was out there as well. And then this week it was my kids' last dance competition. Nice. Last Dance competition could kick up your feet. Yes. Now I can relax on the weakest. Now no more traveling from city to city to city, which was great. So what about you Charlamagne? I ain't do nothing but pay for them. Whack ass pipes that the Zone gave us this weekend. I paid that 90, what was it, $89 bundle?


It was like $90, $89 bundle, $90 bundle. Okay. A bunch of whack ass fights. Fri Friday night and Saturday night. Damn. You weren't pleased. No Emini here. It is what it is though. I'm a boxing fan, so you know every, you know, you gonna get that from time to time. But God damn, every fight, every fight was born. Every fight was, was lame. Did you enjoy it riding? He said he Enjoyed him. Yeah. Nice. Well, today is also National. National Silence to Shame Day. Ashanti das will be joining us. Yes, indeed. She comes each and every year for this. She's a music industry vet and mental health advocates. We gonna talk to her because You know it's Mental Health Awareness month. That's Right. And also the Ellis' will be joining us. The violin. Khadeen Ellis hosted a podcast Ellis ever after. Hey, I previously known as Dead Ass.


They'll be joining us as well. All right, well let's get the show cracking. We got front page news, so don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's CJNV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne to Guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front. What About Happy Single de Mayo to your Chris? We are not gonna do this all day. Okay. I would not sit here. Watch Chris Brown get more love than your Chris. Oh my God. Okay. Okay, well let's start off with some quick sports. Now, last night the Warriors beat the Rockets 1 0 3 89. The Rockets lost Golden State Warriors move on. They won that series four three in Game one versus Cavaliers and Paces. The Cavaliers lost last night. The Pacers beat 'em. 1 21 2, 1 12. Now you talked about the boxing thing quickly.


We can just go through 'em real fast. Ryan Garcia lost, right? Yes, he did. To To roll Romero Rolli dropped him in the second round and then Ryan just tucked his tail the rest of the fight. But something was up with Ryan though, because now that I think about it, Ryan wasn't even trolling or making no noise before the fight or nothing either. Like he was, he was eerily quiet for, for a person that's been off for a Year right now. David Haney also won Friday night as well. He extremely boring. Ramez really Horrible. Damn. Now what about Canelo Alvarez? He fought Saturday. Extremely boring fight, but not 'cause of Canelo. It's 'cause Scully Scully was running around the ring the whole goddamn time. Damn. Alright, Well morning Morgan. Hey y'all. Hey, good morning and happy Monday. How we feeling? We good? What up girl? It's Chris Brown birthday and single de Mayo.


Okay. Alright, well Shots Just dang. Alright, so let's get it to it first on front page. President Trump had a lot to say about a lot in recent interview with NBC's meet the press. He was asked about Kenmar Abrego Garcia who was deported to El Salvador in what the White House is calling an administrative error. But has since walked back those comments saying he is a member of the MS 13 gang. In the interview, Trump expressed concerns about clashing with the court saying that the judges are in his way in these deportations. And he also said he doesn't know if he needs to uphold the constitution and give Abrego Garcia due process. Let's take a listen to those comments. No, I have to respond by saying again, I have brilliant lawyers that work for me and they are going to obviously follow what the Supreme Court said.


What you said is not what I heard. The Supreme Court said they have a different interpretation. So he's saying that his administration is interpreting the Supreme Court ruling of facilitating K Kilmore of Rego Garcia back here differently than I guess the rest of us. So this week on May 9th, the administration is facing a court ordered deadline to provide an update on the steps that they've taken to return Garcia. So we will see what happens as a result of that deadline. Yeah, the fact that people are just breathing by, he says he doesn't know whether he needs to uphold the constitution. Is insanity Emini here? Okay. Presidents are constitutionally obligated to uphold the Constitution. That is the oath of office. Okay? It requires the President to preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States.


Now if y'all ready to live in a post constitutional society, then you need to ask yourself what that's gonna look like. It might look like us having a military parade. You know? So the president plans to hold a big military parade in Washington DC this summer when he was asked about the cost, this is estimated to be about $45 million. He called it peanuts compared to the value. Let's take a listen to the president's comments on his military parade that he expects to have in June. We have the greatest missiles in The World. We have the greatest submarines in The World. We have the greatest army tanks in The World. We have the greatest weapons in The World and we're gonna celebrate it. So that parade, he wants to be in honor of flag day, which ironically enough falls on his birthday, which is June 14th.


And how much is that supposed to cost? So this time, 45 million in his first administration he projected or he wanted to have one and that one would've been about around 90 million. So this is, It's interesting in that meet the press interview yesterday, you know, he was just talking about his trade policies and he said his trade policies may mean children may have fewer toys that cost more. He said, you know, kids don't have to have 30 toys, they can have three. What about him in his parade? That Sounds crazy. You know what, Emini here, if you want kids to have less, shouldn't you have less? Yeah, it's giving Doge, where's Doge when you need it? Right. When's The last president to do that? Who was the last president to do that? To have a quote unquote military parade? I am not sure. Let me double check on that one for you.


Just before we get into that, I will say that he does appear to be okay with short-term recession due to tariffs. If it means creating the strongest economy ever. That's what he said. Trump insists that any short-term pain will far outweigh his long-term goals. He says the tariffs will be, Manu will bring manufacturing jobs back to the US and it means more jobs for a stronger us. I, I don't understand how American citizens have to sacrifice, but he doesn't like he shouldn't be throwing a parade that's cost 45 plus million dollars of tax. Money's not needed. That's not needed. So not If you want, if you want American citizen to sacrifice and he's your sacrifice as well. Absolutely. It looks like the last military parade that we had was in Washington DC in 1991 to celebrate the conclusion of the Gulf War.


So that would've been the, oh, excuse me. I'm like what presidency was that? That would've been Clinton, the first Clinton administration or the last bush. Okay. I'm like the last bush I'll, I'll clarify that at 7:00 AM But yeah, that's your front page news for 6:00 AM We'll continue this conversation that the president had with NBC's meet the press. Alright. 91. That was definitely George Bush Sr it 91. Okay. The old The old Bush. Yes. Alright, everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, let us know how your weekend was, what you did again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


The Breakfast Club. Ray, Ray. Ray, yo, char man. Envy. What up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. We can get on the phone right now here, tell you what it is. We live. Hello? Who's this? Yes sir. Good morning. Breakfast Club Ja from Indy. What's up? Get over. Ja. So Jeff, particularly for you, I know you just had a baby, you can relate to this but I had a bad one night stand. Well the lady that I did not know had just had a baby. You had a one night stand with the lady who you didn't know just had a baby. So you was like really correct.


She Was going hard in the guts. Nah, she was top heavy. So I just assumed that's how she was shaped and when I went in to make the moves, you know she kind of started up top. Can I say that? Yes. Up top. Just milk, right? Milk. Oh, oh, oh. Lac lactating Sir. She was lactating. Okay. Yeah. Hey. Hey I, I don't know any of that. I met my son when he was two so I ain't had to go through all those places. Damn. Okay. So I'm going in and it start coming out. So it came to my fences. I was like I will never try that again on somebody else because men, we kind of get a little unique and whatever and we like, hey let us shoot it here. Shot on my face man. Ruin my whole night. The milk shot on your Face, the milk and you Correct.


Well you know there's some great things. That's right. Some great wonders that breast milk works like it makes your hair grow, makes your skin look good, it makes you smarter. That's right. If you are dumb and it seemed like you didn't have enough of it 'cause you're scared of it. I just wasn't ready. I ain't never been shot in the face before. So now I know how I feel. Goodbye Aja. Have a good one brother. I Don't know why we so scared of human breast milk. We supposed to Milk and almond milk and all damn stuff. But not the human milk that raised us. Mm Mm Hello? Who's This? Hey Breakfast Club. This is your boy Dingo. What's going on y'all? What Up dingo? We ain't heard from you in a minute. I know man. It's been a minute y'all. It's been a crazy year. I've been working though. So what's good with y'all?


What's up with you? Ain't that thing? Oh Man, shoot. This been, well this last week has been pretty crazy. I lost my dog for five years so that was pretty depressing. Oh wow. Then so rest in peace of my dog. MJ that, is that Like your pet or your homeboy? No, it's my pet. Okay. It's my dog. All right. You gotta make sure now. Yeah, no you're right, you're right. But you had it for about five and a half years man. It was unexpected up eating something that it couldn't pass through. So all y'all watch y'all pets man. You never know. So it was pretty crazy. But besides that, you know I've been blessed. Been trying to follow in y'all footsteps man. I did a real dope interview with Chicago's Home. Katie got bands And I got the full interview on my page. I want y'all to check it out, gimme some pointers, see how y'all like it.


I think it was a real crazy conversation that you know, nobody's really sat down and talked to her about y'all remember Katie got bands? No, no, no. Dang, Katie got bands from Chicago. Yeah, she a drill artist. I don't remember the drill artist. Katie got bands. You know what, probably if we hear a song, Louis probably from hear song King Louis Uhuh. I just go, I just Googled, I just googled that and I'm still not familiar. But Salute to Katie got bands And Fair enough. Fair enough. Well hey y'all want to check out Chicago Zone? Katie got bands. Y'all go check out the interview that I did with her i's on the Mr. Dingo page. DNGO. Just look it up, y'all see it right there. That's pretty crazy though, period. Yes sir. Period.


Have a good one. Appreciate that. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent and hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with me is blessed. Call up next (800) 585-1051. Not just me, I'm with the coach of feeling. Hello. Who's this? Yo. Yo, what's happening? DJ Vy. Good morning, char man. God, Jess. Hilarious. Good. What's up? Good man. I just wanted to call and get off my chest. I started to call maybe about two weeks ago after watching the preview of sealers and say hi.


We as black people didn't want to see those fight to past it, you know, no lunatic type movie like that. And I went and saw it this weekend And I want to give that brother y'all had up there who produced the movie Co. I wanna give him a round applause. Man. That was a good movie man. I I, I liked it a lot. Never judge a book by his cover. And if you haven't seen it, I recommend everybody go see it, man. Definitely. Okay. What you mean never judge a book by its cover though? What was, what was the on the cover that you, that you judged Like from the preview it gave me like one of them, what's that movie called when they had like all the weird, like all the weird stuff going on and you just didn't know the gist of it.


You, you didn't know the meaning of it. I get what you what? Just so like psychopathic. Yeah. It was like, Yeah, I get what you're saying. It's like It was a, because I, I really don't, I really wanna understand the message of this why vampire. Right. You know, I didn't, I didn't know if it was like they said the Ku Klux claim was really evil demons around that time or something. You know, I'm trying to get the termin. Exactly. But you should definitely do it Was, it was very Innocent. I get what you're saying. I understand your sentiment. You should definitely go see it again though too. 'cause that's what I had to do. But nah, just from watching the trailer, you ain't gonna get like you need to go see the movie. Most def. Most Def yeah. One thing I saw that they said the vampire is they weren't really portrayed as purely evil monsters but just as flawed humans that were grappling with the consequences of their past.


Hmm. So is that, is that how all the people were dancing? You know, at the end and around, you know what Emini here when they walked out When they were dancing at the end? Yeah, when like when they all left after I believe the brother got bit, You know, by the One white girl who was in the club. Yeah. Right. Yeah. I get what you're saying. I don't know. You just got because I, I Emini here Jess what's up? I, you, you a comedian so you could catch this. Yo ain't that many black people finna get bit. No walking down no club. That's what I'm Saying. I'm like cornbread was dumb as hell. You ain't have to walk that far to go pee bro. That is And cornbread is defense. He done peed in the woods a million times. He wasn't expecting no vampires to be in there.


What I'm saying Like there's a lot of things you going, if you, if you from the country, you go in the woods and pee, you expect to see a lot of things. Vampire ain't one of them that the three Weird ass white people walk up to the club and you and they say they going walk. So you know what I'm saying? Just in case we change our mind, I'm not going out there by myself. I don't care how big and black I is Not. That's true. No, Most definitely. Thank You brother. Yep. Hello. Who's this? Yeah, good morning. This is Leon from Miami. Leon from Miami, whatever. Get Your chest good Leon. Yeah, I'm good man. Good morning. Who that? Justin? Yes, How are you? I'm good. Good. Good morning Justin. Good morning. It's Charlamagne. Good morning Breakfast Envy. Peace. Peace. I'm just calling in to give, I just wanted to give a shout out to my wife.


She had a birthday yesterday. She just turned 41 and we got the anniversary coming up in about a week. Avie got Mother's day. So this month is pretty much packed up for me. I wanted to call and give her a shout on the radio and all that. Mother's Day is this weekend. Congratulations. Happy birthday wifey. Yeah, I know man. It's about to hit my pockets real crazy. This I could hear all in your voice. I know. That's why I said what's wrong Lee, You must have got married on Mothers Day ago early. You must have got married on Mother's Day a couple years ago. Years ago, right? I got married, I got married May 17th, her birthday's May 4th and then we got Mother's Day coming up.


Damn. So every week that's getting hit. Yeah. Cha ching That you feel me? But yeah man, just calling up. Glad I got through. Give y'all give, give her a shout off her birthday yesterday we celebrated that. Alright, That's what's Up. Well have a good one. Alright y'all man, be easy man. Have a good morning. You sound so down. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We got the latest with Lauren coming up. What we talking about? Yes We do. Today is the first day in the Diddy trial. Jury selection starts today And I will be there. So I wanna talk about like what to expect and how's all gonna go down. We'll have some exclusive insight. Yeah And I would love to know who are they looking to pick? 'cause I was hearing old white people. I don't know why they said that this morning on 10, 10 wins, but they was like, they looking to pick old white people.


We'll get into it. Okay it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious Charlemagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren Becoming a straight, She gets him from somebody that knows somebody. Well she gets to details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything And she be having the latest on Lord the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well it's the latest on The Breakfast Club. Talk. Talk to me. So Diddy's trial is kicking off today in New York. Diddy who's been locked up since September will begin jury selection today.


So that's the process where they find the 12 drawers who will sit down. Now the charges for those who do not remember 'cause it's been a long time since the initial charges dropped. He's being charged currently with sex traffick sex, sex trafficking, racketeering, conspiracy and transportation to engage in prostitution. Now Diddy has pled not guilty to all of these charges, but if convicted on all counts because he turned down the plea before going to court, he could face up to life in in prison. Now CNN is reporting that based off of documents that they've looked at, there's gonna be several different topics that the potential jurors will be questioned on to see if they fit including their views on sex with multiple partners, drugs and hip hop. They may, they also might be asked about their feelings, beliefs or experiences related to intimate partner violence, cheating and relationship prostitution.


The the distribution of illegal drugs, the music industry. Because they're trying to figure out how can they actually find people who are not fans of Puff to the point where it'll, you know, distort how they make the decision. But for it's gonna be Very hard. Exactly. Emini here, this is gonna be very hard to find people on this jury who have, don't know anything about this case, who haven't been influenced by anything outside of what the actual case is about. Yes. That's why they were saying older white women I guess this morning on the on, on the news, So when you're talking about the older white women, it's the prosecution team that is all white women and it's actually led by Comey's daughter James Comey, the old FBI director. So, and I'll get into that.


But that's what you're talking about. That's the question. Oh no, no, no. They said that when they were looking for jurors, they're gonna be looking for older white women. People that probably don't know much about Diddy. Probably not in that, that hip hop world that might not have seen that video. That's ever Diddy one of them crossover people. Yeah. And has been that for a long time. A yeah, a hundred percent. According to other reports. You know the biggest thing here is exactly what you said is that Diddy is such a huge celebrity and everything with this case, especially in the beginning with that Cassie video has been everywhere on CNN everywhere That video broke on CNN. So that, that's gonna be one of the issues and that's why Puff's team was trying so hard to get that video. Not at, to be used as evidence in this case whatsoever. But that was denied.


So yeah, that's gonna be one of the things. Now the jury selection should last only a week. So it'll only be this week and then Monday the 12th is when the actual like opening statements, which is, you know, when they get into all the stuff, stuff will begin. I thought You had to have a jury of your peers though. Wasn't that, I'm not making that up. When they said jury of your peers, normally that means by like normally it's like who? Like just everyday people. So they didn't want people that like looked like The World you live in. Remember in Ascent Rocky's case they were upset because there were, the Joe Tech subpoena was upset 'cause there wasn't really any black people. Yeah. In the jury. Jury of your peers normally just means that it want they, you know, we walk out into The World every day. They want white people, black people, women, men. A little bit of everybody. Yeah, a little bit of everybody. So it's fair. Are you going to the courthouse? I thought you was going. I am going to the courthouse.


I will be there this morning. That was you Into the courthouse? Yes. This is Romeo Hunt. Good. Really good. An amazing black designer. Thank you sis. Hey, Anybody in the courthouse? Not shout out. Wasn't like this was crazy Damn y Y'all don't like my outfit or something. It's very limited space. So I was just asking how did they figure out? Out? You said it's first come first serve, right? Yeah. So it is first come first serve for, you know, people of the media and yeah, they Emini here. They're gonna check you and stuff when you come in. But it's first comfort serve. I did hear that there was like a special media credential that you have to request in order to be able to bring in the actual laptop. And I've tried to reach out on that but I haven't heard back on that yet. But I'll have my phone so as much as I can anyway. So I Girl you like Kim, possible you can get any goddamn way.


Don't nobody even know how you end up in there. It Just like I saw Lauren, you know this is a Diddy trial, not a Diddy party. Right. I know that she gave, I'm saying but it looked good though. Thank you. This court not the club. If you guys are looking to see the outfit that Charlamagne is just so critical of. Make sure you follow me on Instagram at Lauren la Twitter. Lauren la are You're on video right Now, Lauren. I know, but for everyone that's actually listening in because I want them to know where to go find me after this video and they can't see the full outfit. And there's a jacket that I'll also have on that makes it a more conservative for the people. Nothing about that outfit is conservative. It is just crazy how anything with Diddy, folks still feel like they got a dress. Like they going to a party, they sit Up here in a cape, I'm getting alcohol sprayed On your head. Keep getting his hair cut every single day looking crazy. Coming here with you. Keep Fixing that wig every single day and still looking crazy.


A red gal. Oh my. You set yourself up for that one. Exactly. Now I did wanna mention too that today is the first Monday in May class and it's Chris Brown birthday. What does that mean? The first Monday in May It's met Gala Monday. So today the, there's So many things going on Chris Brown as well. Yes. Yes. Today the Met Gala will kick off the theme. What about the Mexican Gala? It's Cinco de mile y Mexican. Y'all worry about all the wrong thing. I know. You should be worried. They do not. You should be very concerned. Mexican gala trying Alone right now. They got a Mexican gala this place called Ice Don 10. They trying to, they throw a Mexican gala.


That's a trap. I just, y'all know Open tequila or do not go Don Gala. Don't go to the Mexican Gala. The me gala is a trap. Gala is crazy. All our Mexican brothers and sisters, the Met Gala is a trap. My, well the the Met Gala is, is is you know, being highlighted and talked about so much just here because the theme is tailoring black style. It's an old to black dandyism and all of its refined and sophisticated glory. Mm. It's based off of a book written by a professor. Her name is Monica Miller. And that book, you know, just talks about how in the, the beginning days of slavery, we used things like dandyism and tailoring our style to, you know, assimilate away from certain things and certain, you know, just What is dandyism?


I never heard that term. So Dandyism, I actually printed out pictures for you guys.


Hey, what Up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bose premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features You'll keep up.


This is your boy Bohan And I'm bringing you something epic. Epic. Introducing the K factor, the podcast that takes you straight into the heart of K-Pop. We're talking music reviews, exclusive interviews and deep dives into the industry like never before. From producers and choreographers to idols and trainees. We're bringing you the real stories behind the music that you love. And yeah, we're keeping it a hundred. Discussing everything from comebacks and concepts to the mental health side of the business because K-Pop isn't just a genre, it's a whole world and we're exploring every corner of it. And here's the best part. Fans get to call in drop opinions and even join us live at events. You never know where we might pop up next. So listen to the KF Factor on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. This isn't just a podcast, it's a movement. Are you ready? Let's go, let's go, let's go.


Hey, it's Jay Shetty And I'm bringing my first ever on purpose live tour to Washington DC on May 21st. Presented by Chase Sapphire Reserve. Join me in surprise guests for meaningful and insightful conversations to spark learning, experience, growth, and build real connections. Chase Sapphire Reserve card members can redeem their chase ultimate rewards points for VIP packages. To meet me before the show or visit Jay sheddy.me/tour to get your tickets.


Hey, when's last time you've listened to Hot? 99.5? Because we have all of the hi music, but also a lot more like intern John in your morning show. I'm Elizabeth. I wanna make sure you always know about the latest events deals and things we're making fun of around the DMVI love This station. You talk About real stuff and Nick Gomez gets you access to all of your favorite artists and we're all giving a bunch of things away every day. In fact, you might even be able to win a million dollars. Whoa, What Snap I Kill. Awesome Where're DC's number one. Hey music station hot 99 5. Dang. I forgot the photos. So you know how like Tiana Taylor dresses down in the suits or you think about a Dapper Dan or Coleman Domingo.


That is what people look at as like Dandyism. It is like fine. It's tailored. It's it's, it's like Janelle Monnet. Janelle Monnet gen. It is very rich. So there is a, there's an exhibit in the Met that they're gonna celebrate tonight that is all about tailored, you know, style and the old to the black Dandyism eras and what that has evolved to come to become and look like. It says Refined taste. Yes. Meticulous grooming attention to detail in dress and behavior. Mm, Yes. And Pharrell is the one that's hosting us tonight, right? Yeah. Pharrell is one of the hosts. Oh, nice. Also on the co-chair committee have asap Rocky Coleman Domingo, Louis Hamilton, LeBron James. People are really excited to see Doce tonight because I hope LeBron Gonna be there today. He's he ain't Gotch Lake got their ass bus.


Damn. He off? He he's off. He's on little que. Oh My god. He's one of the co-chairs. So I, I'm hoping that he will show up him and his wife Savannah. But don't she, you know, people are really excited for her in this moment because you know, she's one of the new girls but she gives the Dandyism vibe in her suits often and much. Yeah. What about Jonathan Majors? He gives, That's definitely her style. He Would definitely be on brand and maybe, I'm sure he's on the invite list, you know what I'm saying? But yeah. So smoking Spec from Sinner? Yes. Oh A hundred percent Jordan one and two. You must have been on Twitter. 'cause that was one of the predictions on Twitter Actually I'd never been on Twitter but I'm glad to know that people are thinking like me on there. People Feel like Michael B. Jordan is gonna show up at Justice Smoke sack Jordan because that that gives dandyism that whole era. People also are predicting that maybe Rihanna, if the rumors are true might reveal a surprise.


So why you ain't do no Dandy did Dandyism at Diddy Trout. I have a Dandyism fit that I will be wearing also sponsored by Romeo Hut tonight when I'm out. I've been invited to several things so I will bring back You go Met Gala though. I'm not going to the Met Gala, but I'm going to a few of the after events. Oh that I can't wait to see this. This You gonna walk in a say? You here to testify? Oh my gotta Wrap up. We gotta wrap up. We gotta get outta here. Alright. Alright. That was the latest with Lauren. And keep your eye on future, the artist Future tonight. 'cause I heard he, he has something that he's doing today that's gonna be a little crazy. So Future tonight he's going today for the make out carpet And the streams live at six o'clock. You can watch it. There's gonna be like YouTube streams and you know, major news outlets will also be covering that gala and the Diddy situation as well too.


Alright, now when we come back we got front page news. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning, wake Up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody, it's Steve J nv, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get back in some front page news. What's up Morgan? Yeah, so we were previously talking about President Trump's interview with NBC's Meet the press. And in the last segment we were trying to figure out the last president who had a military parade. And in fact it was George HW Bush who had that last military parade in 1991 in the conclusion of the Gulf War. Just to wanting to confirm that for the listeners and for you guys as well. But moving on, president Trump in that interview, he said he will not remove Jerome Powell as the Federal Reserve Board chairman before his term ends.


Of course he made those comments again on NBC's meet the press. Trump described the central banker as a total stiff and called for the Fed to lower interest rates. Now the president said Powell is not a fan of his, but he expects the Fed to lower interest rates at some point. The funny thing is that what that also came up in the interview is whether or not this whole 2028 run is a real thing. He was asked about his organization website selling 2028 gear and here's what Trump had to say in regards to being a, having a potential extra term. Even though we know that it's not possible. Let's take, take a listen to President Trump's comments on that 2028 Ryan. There are many people selling the 2028 hat, but this is not something I'm looking to do.


I'm looking to have four great years. So many people want me to do it. I have never had requests so strong as that, but it's something that to the best of my knowledge, you're not allowed to do. Yeah. So Trump added that. He said he will only be a two-term president and said he's only looking forward to four great years. Trump also noted that there are a good, a lot of good Republicans that could be president in 2028. He mentioned JD Vance, vice President, JD Vance. But he also said he's not endorsing anyone at this current time. What do you guys think? He said Marco Rubio as well. Emini here. The the thing that I found interesting about that statement is he said when he said that he goes, I don't know if that's in the Constitution or not or something to that effect.


It's even possible. I think he said something like that. And it's just interesting that, you know, there's some things he knows he can't do and there's some things he he claims he doesn't know he can do. Yes. And he gonna push that line and see what's happening with the courts. You're absolutely right. Let's switch gears. Former national security advisor, Mike Wal. He will face a tough confirmation hearing to become US Ambassador to the United Nations. That's what Virginia Democratic Senator Mark Warner told CNN State of the Union. Let's take a listen to his comments. I think it will be a brutal confirmation hearing Walt at least acknowledged a bit of a mistake. I think he's gonna have tough questions. Not only from Democrats but from Republicans. Yeah. So the administration is saying that he was not fired but instead promoted in a sense now whilst face scrutiny and backlash for mistakenly adding a reporter to that signal group chat that discussed plans for a military strike in his former role as National Security Advisor.


And that has seemingly has happened more than once. Not to his fault, but you know, just heck up. Anyways, moving on. Trump said that in the interim, secretary of State, Marco Rubio will serve as National Security Advisor while continuing his strong leadership at the State Department as the Secretary of State. Yes. So, and just wrapping things up, I think this is an important story. I mentioned it last week, but it is in effect, effect, well I would say effective immediately. Effective today according to this federal officials say government, the government will begin collecting defaulted student loan payments starting today. So if you need those tequila shots, those Cinco de Mayo shots, you might wanna go ahead and take those early on and then get your points together.


So the collection efforts will be the first, since the start of the pandemic, the Trump Administration said the debt will be collected through a Treasury department program that withholds payments from tax refunds, wages, and government benefits. So they're coming for all the pockets. Okay. The US Department of Education has not collected loan payment since March of 2020. Officials say that in the last five years, student debt has risen over $1 trillion. So if you got student loans, maybe try to make those payments, make arrangements or do whatever you can to figure this part out because in the midst of what's happening with this administration, I can't but help to think, and this is just my opinion, that this could also be one of those things that call for punishment or unnecessary punishment down the line.


So just keep that in mind. And that's your front page news. You guys can follow me on socials at Morgan Media and for more news coverage follow at BL Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@bnews.com. Thank y'all. Make it a great win. Make it a great Monday. Monday. Make it a great Monday. Have a great week. Thank You Morgan. Thank you Morgan. I never know what day it is. Good lord. All right, now when we come back we have the Ellis's Devale and Khadeen Ellis and we gonna talk to them next. So don't go anywhere. It is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne. God we are The Breakfast Club. Long LA roasts here as well. We got some special guests in the building.


We have Devale and Khadeen Ellis. Good morning my peoples' Good morning. How's everything? I'm blessed Black and Holly favor. How y'all feel? I love that. Blessed black and Good. Happy to be back. Back home. Looks so good. Thank you. Y'all Appreciate it's a glow that I feel like I have the minute I hit LaGuardia Airport. Ooh, okay. It is just being back home in Brooklyn. Yeah, I can feel like it. It brings us to life again. Now y'all are here for a bunch of different things, but y'all rebranded the Dead Ass podcast to Ellis ever after. Mm, we did. Yes. Let's discuss. Discuss the growth of that title. Yeah, well It was, it was a lot for us when we first started Dead Ass podcast. It was Jess, you know, it was like we were joking about men versus women and what husbands feel versus wives feel. But over the course of six years we watched how that kind of exploded on the internet.


Yeah. And we don't want to take credit for being the reason why there's a man versus woman debate, but the is annoying. Yeah. And we kind of just feel like we want to put out content that people can say let's elevate and move forward. So let's talk about topics that really affect us. For example, we, we will take credit for this in 2017, we've v logged our third son being born at home. Right. And we've v logged the whole process for about six months. Right. And a new study came out that as in of 2018, home births and black community have gone up. Mm. And we feel like that's a direct correlation for us showing young black girls. Like there's a different option. Yeah. And the reason why that happened was because with our first child we almost lost Kay. And she had to have 24 stitches. A cervical 27.


My bad. Let me not take on these Stitches. We wore scar, you know we Had babies, we know what it is. That's right. But no you're right. But Yeah, she had to have emergency surgery right after pregnancy and we did a lot of studies on black maternal health and we was like, let's just use our platform to focus on positivity. So we said s ever after is the change. 'cause this is us after we've evolved as humans, going to therapy, worked on being a better couple, worked on being a better people. So that's what it's about. So it Had nothing to do with moving out in New York and not even using the term dead ass no more. No, we as that. We still that. We sure did. We sure did. And the crazy part about it, we had to fight for the name dead ass initially. Because you know, if you're not from New York and if you're at these companies that have, you know, mostly white folks, that's just like, we don't know what that means.


Yeah. How will we ever get ad dollars behind a name like that? They're not gonna subscribe to that. Sure. So there was a lot of explaining that had to be done. But we start, we stayed true to it. I think part of us really didn't want to detach from that New York persona for a long time. But it's been it's time. I do Like Ellis ever after though. Who bought who? Who made that up the go collectively or that was you? It was, well Emini here, Emini here. I'll take credit for it. But we always do everything collective even dead ass. Like we sit down and talk about it and we like what you think about this. What you think about that. Yeah. We had a couple other options. We also liked House of Ellis, but we liked that Ellis ever Raf because it was the evolution of after what? After all the bullshit. You know what I'm saying? After all the talking about what we had to do to get to this point.


Facts. And if one, if you ever followed us, that's what we're known for. We're honest about what we've been doing, what we've done. We don't hold back. So that's, we wanna keep Doing about 23 years in the game. Almost 15 married. Yeah. You know, so people have literally watched us over the past maybe what decade? Yeah. On social media. Just putting our life out there, sharing with people. Yeah. You know, hoping people can Relate. Y'all are definitely the roughest point for a lot of people. Because even my son's dad, Rome, oh my God. My first, my first son's dad. Man, he man you ain't, you gotta listen. Well this one was dead ass. And even y'all shows he follows everything y'all do. And he has five kids by five different, you know moms, you know, and he'll listen to one of y'all podcasts and he'll be calling them, telling them no, no, no because deve what Deve and Kade said they, they was, you know, and wow he gets hung up on a lot.


We appreciate that. Creates a lot of arguments. But he Ain't, he Ain't the de develop type. I would love to know how Rome can relate Messenger not. Yeah. You Should just tell them, listen to the Paul. Don't try to preach. You ain't defend It's right. 'cause y'all real life though. Like y'all, the way y'all be going through stuff on y'all. I watch y'all channel a lot. Yeah. The way y y'all deal with stuff, y'all were the first time that I saw a young black couple that was still like regular like Yeah, regular. And I was like, oh they probably hang where I would go at and stuff Like that. And we still do. Yeah. We walk around and people be like, why y'all without security, why y'all? And I'm like, because this is my hood. Like what you mean? You know, dead Ass. So Rome, dead ass Rome.


Right. Felt like he could like relate to y'all. 'cause that's like a big thing for y'all audience. Yeah. I will say this about Rome like Devale now wasn't the Devale when I first started. Okay. The Devale when I first started was probably closer to Rome. I was, I don't know him. Yeah. But I was immature. I lacked emotional intelligence. I didn't understand I'm, This is not how Rome wanted this to go. It was to be, I love Rome But I, I take pride in showing the growth because I don't want anyone to ever be like, I gotta be perfect to be accepted word. Nah. I was never perfect. I'm not perfect. I may again. Hopefully y'all give me grace if I Yeah. You know what I'm saying? And that's what I want people to walk around the earth feeling like you don't gotta be perfect for people to just accept you.


And if you expecting everybody to accept you, that's a problem anyway. And to be honest, some people just not gonna Yeah. To no. To be honest, we almost just didn't do the podcast anymore. So last February. Really? Yeah. We had a bunch of live sold, sold out shows. Apollo, it was like historic. It was great. So we're like, you know what, why don't we go out on a high? Yeah. You know, we did all we've done, I feel like we've spoken aloud, you know, dealt with our issues publicly as a form of therapy through the podcast. Right? Yeah. And we felt like we've done all we had to do in the podcast space. And people literally were like, you guys cannot do this. And to your point, we meet people on the regular, in the airport random places and they're like, y'all can't stop doing this because you have saved my marriage or you've showed me that I'm able to open up to my partner and bring up these topics that are once taboo or uncomfortable to discuss.


You know? And people say if they wanted Devale, you have to be a Kade and vice versa. So Tyrone, make sure that he's the straight and narrow. Exactly. And I think one thing that that is great about what y'all do is it's just open lines of communication. That's it. Now, regardless of you're in a, you want to start a podcast, that's what you should have with your partner. Absolutely. If y'all wanna just sit in y'all living room every day and say, okay, we are gonna talk for two hours, but we're going to talk. We may not record it and put it out. That's it. Right. We're going talk. It's just about communication. Encouraging that. Absolutely. And you know what's funny, most people when we first started the podcast thought it was so crazy. Y'all talk to each other and I'm like, We Married, talk to each, we married. Why? Talk about sex? You talk about money You talk or how do, how could you talk to her like that?


Like people were offended for for me, me to Be real upset. They Remember they used to. Yeah. Lemme tell you. Lemme, they felt like you were like the super controlling, like arrogant. They did. This is all about me guy. Yeah, they did. And I And I, And I was the farthest thing from it. But I had to Emini here from my perspective, but I get it. Right. And I had to accept that because you have to show people over time. Right. You can't expect people when you first put something out to say, know who I am. Yeah. It took years. We did our podcast for seven years, 15 seasons won a webby award, but it took time in the beginning. It was so much like pushback. Oh Devale. Arrogant Devale of as he always talks down. But what I realized, they weren't used to seeing an educated black man speak about his emotions. And it triggered a lot of women handed, you know what I'm saying?


Like that's the fact. Like, I'm not gonna sit back here and, and not say what I need and require because I'm also gonna ask her what she needs and require and I'm going to deliver on that. But now this is my turn to talk about it. And a lot of people didn't like it. But now it's become more normalized. Like I used to when we lived in New York, I heard Charlemagne every morning talk about mental health. My sons now know about mental health. It's not taboo anymore at all. And they speak their feelings. Mom, I don't feel good about this. I'm nervous about that. Mm. Now we want to keep showing young men like that's okay. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? To be like that. Absolutely. Especially when within our community, black men and women are always pitted against each other. Yeah. And if we want our black men to open up to us, why not create a space for them to do that? So I'm like Devale, I want you to be honest with me.


It doesn't have to be a brutal honesty, but I want you to be honest and transparent about how you feel. Because I'm not trying to guess. Like the good thing about Devale And I for the, the years that we've been together is that we've always given each other a choice. Yeah. Yes. And the choice happens because we are fully communicative about the things that we want and need. So every morning I wake up with the choice to be here And I decide to be here and it's been working for us. All right. We have more with Devale and Khadeen Ellis when we come back it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking in with the Ellis Devale and Khadeen Ellis. Jess, I love how transparent y'all are with the public and even with y'all fans.


Like, you know, y'all built such like a fan base for like marriages and you know, people who been even divorced, like, look for y'all for Yeah. Look to y'all for advice because y'all put it out there, the highs and the lows, right? Yeah. How do y'all handle disagreements in front of your kids though? Because if y'all, y'all real with us, right? How is it And then you know, parents, you got two types of like situations like that a lot of parents don't like their kids to see them disagree on. That's not us. That's not realistic. Not though, not so That we handle disagreements as a family spot on. We, if we disagree on something and the kids are there we gonna have a discussion and the minute we have a discussion, I will go to Jackson and say, you see how I spoke to your mom? You see how I don't gotta be disrespectful? See how I don gotta raise my voice?


Do you understand what it means to have empathy to towards someone who thinks differently than you? And they'd be like, yeah, I, I see it. Yeah. And I'm like, now understand this. Me and your mom may disagree, but that's my wife because they gonna be somebody's husband someday. They have to see what it's like. So I never wanted to put my kids in a situation where I was, my parents never argued in front of me. But then they would go in the room and be screaming and hollering. Right? And I'd be like, yo, what is going on? Then your pops come out, you like, dad, why you talking to mom like that? And he looking at you like, boy, that's my wife. Right? Don't Check. And I'm like, No explanation. I'm like, all Right. But then that didn't give me any emotional maturity to deal with my wife for the first five years. Right? So there was a couple of days where I came home And I was making, making money.


She wasn't working and the food wasn't ready 'cause she had Jackson. And I'm like, what's going on? Because I'm thinking that this is what a mans supposed to be supposed to be. And she was like, she from Brooklyn, she like Talking. I'm like, well that's not the response my mom gave my dad. You see the neck and the shoulder starts to go in. Right? I just started to realize like that's was, that wasn't the way the stuff that we saw growing up. And we just felt like, if I emulate this, I'll be successful. Wasn't making me feel good. We didn't know No better Emini here. We didn't Emini here. That's what you was learning from just observing. Like no, there's no manual that comes with any of this. That's why, you know, I, I, I give my my father a lot of grace because when me and my father had a real conversation and he told me about his mental health issues And I knew about his substance abuse.


Yeah. It just made me realize, oh he just a man trying to figure it out like I was a man. Talk about it. Charlamagne. That's it. That's it. Two months ago my dad stayed with us to help with the abuse. Oh Yeah. That's a good story. And I'm gonna try to talk about this without crying. 'cause my, I watched my dad and my mom came and it was the same thing happening. And my dad was kind of short with my mom And I was in the car and now I'm grown. So I'm driving and my dad gets short with my mom and I'm like, yo, you having a little tantrum for no reason. I need to chill. Right? And my dad looking at me like, I'm still your pops, but he's still like, you know what? We'll talk about this later. We go in the living room and we have like a three hour conversation. And just like your dad, he was telling me all the things he'd been through, all his fears, all his worries. And for the first time I saw my father as a human. And I said, yo, you were just trying to do that.


You got married at 21, you had me at 22. Then my brother at 24. Like who taught you my, my grandfather was an army guy. Yeah. Didn't talk much, you know what I'm saying? Dudes, I say not as I do follow my lead, like nobody spoke. So after speaking to my father, man, my heart got so big because I saw him as a person like that. He, my dude now like yo pops this tall. And here's the funny part, he said to me at the end of it, I gotta be better for your mom. I was like, that's why I said I'm trying to do or not cry. 'cause my mom is my heart. Yeah. You know, you grow up in a house and you, when my mom's small and sta she's five too. And my dad is six foot. He big. Right. And I see sometimes my be like, I'm not even dealing with him today. And I told her, my mom don't have a voice in this house because sometimes you don't give her a voice.


And he looked at me and said, I'm gonna do better for your mom. Mm. And for the rest of the, like the week I saw him try, now he still had his slip ups like we all do. Like I do. You know? Yeah. But he tried And I was like, this is making me feel good. 'cause it's not always about paying it forward. Sometimes you gotta pay it back. Teach that generation how we do things now. And he's open to it. You know, Our, our podcast even we meet people who are older than us and they will be like, wow, you guys, you guys are younger. Yeah. But you guys have are Yeah. Talking about things that I've experienced my entire life. Right. We've actually opened up the gates for discussions too, with my side of family as well. Coming from a Caribbean household, like having discussions about how you feel about things like that wasn't really a thing. And my mom has opened up to her son-in-law.


Yeah. She talked to Nina in ways that she hasn't even opened up to me. And I feel like as a family unit Yeah. Intergenerationally, we're starting to just heal so that way we can pass that down to our boys, you know? Yeah. Yeah. And to piggyback off of Devale with your question, Jess, they see sometimes the disagreements, but there is such an abundance of love in our house. Yeah. That we sometimes get flacked for. Yeah. Devale, you know, grabbing my ass or you know, walking past and kissing and you know, Kyra, our second son will be like, get away from each other. But the love is so abundant that the moments that we may have disagreements it far is like outweighed by what they see between mom and dad and the love that we share. I watched y'all on Lovers by She. Yeah.


Yes. One of the things that y'all talked about, I was like, you guys are so honest about this. The conversation when he wanted you to dress up like the mee Yes. It was a me, right? Yeah. It'd be a different character. Yeah. Yeah. Because I don know why thought phrase it, but library nurse. Yep. When you said that you, like y'all were talking about the fact that when he asked you to do it, you was like, I don't really know about that, but we can meet in the middle. And he was like, no, this is what I want though. Yeah. Very specific. I'm like, yo, if I had that conversation in my group chat, my friends probably would hate my person after that because they would feel like, hold on, what's going on here? 'cause you should be able to make your choices. But for you it was like, well I wanna make sure that my men, you know what Emini here like Right. Because who are we trying to appease the group chat or by man? Right. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? But even talking about that publicly, I was like, oh, like they y'all be really getting to, Well Lauren don't, she don't have a man.


So like the group chat, Even potential. So cute. Look at you. She was lonely looking. She was with girls in Atlanta. We had the Black Effect podcast Festival. She was surrounded by studs and she went to Magic City. Got with a riled. She living life. She was living at life. Like you said, Yo. Exactly. Do you guys discuss how far you're gonna go in those real conversations? 'cause getting into the bedroom, I was like, dang, nothing's off limits. Emini here. Really not. Yeah. Emini here. Emini here. Everything's pretty much been on the table with us. Like, there's nothing that's, and we feel like if we show up as our true selves, nobody could hold nothing against me. Nobody. There's no room for you to create a narrative.


You know, it's funny, we have, with the e evolution of the podcast now, a new segment that we've introduced that people are loving so far. And it's called op or No op. Mm. Yeah. And it's pretty much, do you have an opinion about this bat or do you not? So we've realized that with social media, everybody got a phone, everybody got a catch. So everybody got an opinion. Opinion sometimes about things. You have nothing, no knowledge about, no facts, no expertise. But everybody wants to comment on something. So we are trying to now push forward by the battle of sexist is done. Now we're trying to push forward thinking to myself, am I of sound mind? Do I have the facts to be able to comment on something and have an opinion?


Or can I just let some things go? You know, like, let's start that as a culture. Like we don't always have to have an opinion about something. Yeah. Like you don't, I don't need to know if you think you can be the gorilla. Right? Yeah. So let's not doing that. Like what do I think about, I don't know, what's the scenario that's happening right now? Current Events. Any, anything in current events? Michelle Obama and the Barack Obama stuff. Oh, And Kanye said, you know, he was s cousin's. P So perfect example. Perfect example. Perfect example. Somebody ask, ask me Zel, how you feel about that? I don't feel about it. How Do you feel about Kanye? Somebody ask you that. That's how it be. Somebody Ask You that. Sometimes you interviews, go interviews, I'll go do press. Yeah. And it'll be press about the book. Right. And the first thing I sit down is like, so I see you have a book coming out, Kanye West said, and I'm like, what does that gotta do with my book here?


Right. Right. And they're like, well, what'd you think about it? I don't think about it. Right. I didn't, until you told me about it. I didn't know what happened. Right. So I don't have an opinion on it. And they're just like, you don't, I didn't get From your family that he was Because let's think about The World. World Click bait bow. Exactly. I wouldn't even, So we don't even entertain You see how they tried to correlate It? Yeah. I would come in on the family tip, like, well, Kanye said he can't see his kids because he came out. I would've Actually, well Emini here. That's that's how they tried to like, yeah. Yeah. But ultimately it's click bait. 'cause what they wanted was to be like, Devale talks about Kanye. Yep. That's ultimately what they wanted. Right. So we are trying to create a trend where it's like, say for example, Charlemagne, just ask what you think about it. And then the interview goes, I don't have an opinion. And Then now you and then what? You're like it like he didn't get your nowhere.


Nobody wanna hit. Yeah. Yeah. Nobody, yeah. Like I, I don't wanna talk about that. Yeah. I don't wanna talk about any of that. All Right. We got more with the Ellis when we come back. Devale and Khadeen Ellis is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's djj, NV, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Devale and Khadeen Ellis, the host of the podcast Ellis. Ever after. Now Devale, you said you wanted to bring up something on air. Yes. Lauren brought up the sex thing. Right. And I do want to bring up this point, right? Okay. If a man says, this is what I require, this is what I want. The first thing in the group chat, all the girls is, nah, you should be able to have a choice to da da da da. Right. But as her husband, I ask her, what do you want?


What you require? It goes the minute. Minute. She says what she wants and require. Yeah. There's no negotiating. Yeah. So for us, what we're trying to show people is that there, there doesn't have to be a battle of the sexist. Yeah. She said that her man want this, she gonna do it. He said his wife want this, he gonna do It. And why would we not wanna do that for each other? Because who else am gonna do it for? I'm not pledging allegiance to my gender. I'm pledging allegiance to my partner. Like, this is, that's A ball For the rest. Make sure y'all get that on camera. You know what I'm saying? Do this right. Make I'm not pledging allegiance to my gender, pledging allegiance to my partner. Put that right here. Partner, partner, partner.


You got, But No, but seriously though, that's why it's easy for me to just be honest because it's just like if your boys are upset, man, you said that. Yeah. So like, well you not gonna do nothing for me. So yeah. So my wife wants this, this what I'm doing as a partner. Well, I Could, if you let me do you like Kanye did never miss a moment. What Happens in those moments though, where you or her are like, yeah, nah, but I'm just sitting on And I don't wanna do that. Then we talk about it And I, And I, seriously, there's been times coming around. There's been times like, I'm like, yo, like yo, you ain't gonna dress up on that, right? She was like, No, I'm not. I'm like Word rain check. I'm, I'm, I'm a rain check queen honey.


And I be like, can rain, can I rain? Check that She rain check for another. But then in the morning I'm gonna wake up and I'm gonna beat to get a tap and I'm gonna open my eyes and she gonna be in that nurse outfit or something. Because sometimes she not in the mood. And we get it. And you gotta understand that as a man Businesses, there's stuff going on, you Know? Nah, you ain't trying to, okay. They always tell me, we got the rest of our life, bro. Get that part. You know what I'm saying? Like, it's never a deal breaker. Like, if you ain't do this tonight, dude, you gonna be a problem. Nah, you don't wanna dress up tonight. Fine. Well, sometimes she'll be like, you know what, I ain't dressing up tonight, but I'm gonna bless you though and I'll dress up tomorrow. You know what I'm saying? We talk about, about it. We try to Find a common guy. Know, has there ever been a role that you ain't wanna play? You like, I ain't doing that. That's not, nah, we try to think about, I got, I got stories, bro.


Only thing kinky, like you have a dress like a white girl and he dress up like the black guy and chill. Like Dr. Umar, who did, she was a white girl. I was Dr. Umar And I, you Know, my bad Dr. Umar, I know that's Sacrilegious to you. I don't wanna go there with you. That would actually be a really good role play. You know what I'm saying? That's funny. Take this back. Sorry. Sorry. This was up in California. Yes, I know. That's where he was going bro. So I I was very specific. He was specific. What did you ask for? It was like down to a detail. I had color contacts And I think I had done like a photo shoot or something. This Is funny. This is funny, right? She had did a photo shoot with Janelle, but she had on these hazel color contacts, she had this big curly like wig.


Yeah. Like Wig. It was like a big wig. I, I looked like different. She didn't like herself like somebody else. I was like, yo. I was like, yo, I want you to put that, put on a cheerleader outfit. Put on a cheerleader Outfit. That's what It was. Bomb. Right? So now she's like, I got you babe. This was, this was New year. We were at our parents' house. We was having quiet sex for a couple days, so we was over it. Right? I don't want no, no. Fuck. I'm trying to back, back. You know what I'm saying? All that. So we get home in call, right? I'm ready. I'm sitting at the edge of the bed, I'm waiting. She come out, there's no weave. There was no contacts. And she had on the leotard, It was this real cute savage crotch lip. It was a vibe. Had no thigh to go with it.


And I was like, this, No, nah, that's not what I asked. And he was like, yo, he, this is literally what happened. Like, that's not what I asked for. She, She walked over all seductively, like she had music, we had a fireplace. She put the fireplace on. She's, I Was sitting in the mood Sexy Swinging on Straight face like this, right? So she get down, she got her hands on my knees. She going down like, then she gets to the bottom and she like, what's up? Like this is like, what's this not, this is not on, Is not this brand for you, sir. I'm like, with the contact, she's like, devour, I'm downstairs right now handling business. I said, no, we no contact. And you got on this dirty ass leotard that Said, that's not this dusty ass leotard.


I'm like, first of all, it's not a leotard, it's a teddy. And I had a, it was stained up. It was, no.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Taking the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be a oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting bows And, and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Yoki up is, it's your boy Bohan and I'm bringing you something epic. Epic. Introducing the K factor, the podcast that takes you straight into the heart of K-Pop. We're talking music reviews, exclusive interviews and deep dives into the industry like never before. From producers and choreographers to idols and trainees. We're bringing you the real stories behind the music that you love. And yeah, we're keeping it a hundred. Discussing everything from comebacks and concepts to the mental health side of the business. Because K-Pop isn't just a genre, it's a whole world and we're exploring every corner of it. And here's the best part. Fans get to call in, drop opinions and even join us live at events. You never know where we might pop up next. So listen to the KF factor on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. This isn't just a podcast, it's a movement. Are you ready? Let's go, let's go. Go.


That wasn't what I wanted. He wasn't the one He wanted. I was just mad feeling the joint. I was just mad. So he Was mad And I was like, because you did not get exactly what you asked for it a problem. I'm still here to do the job. Yeah. She didn't even have heels on. So I got mad, right? So I got up And I go in the bathroom, right? But it just so happened when I walk in the bathroom, I seen all her heels lined up in the closet and we had just moved to this big house And I said, you got all These heels here, You ain't put no heels on. So I go in there And I throw all the heels off the closet. What the Fuck? Sure did this thing did. She goes, and I'm getting, I'm standing up. I was like, you gotta pick every shoe up. Are you kidding Me? She says to me, look at your stupid ass int there throwing heels around and you still hard. That's, that's what broke me out of it. That's what period I looked at her.


I started laughing And we started laughing and We started laughing after that. It was a wrap. It was just like, yo, yeah, like look at us. Like look at us. Like look at us. I can pick all the shoes Up. Yeah. So the shoes, we sat there, we picked the shoes up, then we got, That was the one time, it's like he asked for one thing And I was like, here I'm doing something else. Cute. And he was like, sound Like y'all was role playing though. Yeah, he was. Y'all marriage, that's fun. Like Tyler, Paris, you throwing the heels. Heels. S right. Swinging. No. Did y'all, y'all never thought about doing a reality show. We've turned out seven offers. We've turned out Several. Y'all do it on your YouTube channel, so why not?


This is crazy. That's why We, we control Everything. Everything. One, one thing I fear, 'cause we sat down with, And I don't want to put producers out there, we sat down with a number of producers, right? This is always the first thing. This, this so and so. I know, I know y'all are, you're perfect. I get it. Right? So there's nothing like, you don't have anybody, like, she's not, And I'm like, yeah, the first meeting you are coming to me and asking me things that disparaging things that I could say about my wife. Wow. Like, I'm not doing this. I get it. I got, I got four sons and that's what you want me to do, right? No, I, I personally, I know this is gonna get some slack, but I love Bill Cosby, right? Yeah. Not for the things that he did, but for what he represented. This man was so brilliant in the fact that he had a black psychologist on the set of the Cosby Show every day to make sure that everything they put out didn't show black people in a disparaging way.


Right? Like when you think about the Cosby Show, A different World Lil Bill. Yeah. This is the content we want to create. We have a cartoon series that we've been pitching for our, about our kids called the Ellis and the Time Machine. Oh. Because we wrote a book called The Ellis and Time Machine. Why do we have to say Black Lives Matter? And it's an animated series about history. These are the things I want do. I don't wanna get on television and argue with my wife about trivial stuff. Nobody. Yeah. I'm also not gonna include my friends. Right. For example, you friends with Jess? Hilarious. What she like. I know. That's the stuff they ask and I'm like, I'm not doing that respect. We not, we not doing the reality show thing unless we own it. Yeah. Listen man, the ball and Khadeen Ellis, I I love talking to y'all because growing as individuals is a lot by itself, but growing as a couple is insanity.


Yes. So you not constantly communicating. You know, you might wake up one day and not know who that person is. So we can learn anything from y'all. I appreciate that. To constantly communicate with your partner. Yes sir. Indeed. And thanks for growing with us too. Charlamagne Emini here. We've been on The Breakfast Club a couple times. Course the years, Our third time. Absolutely. It was our third time. I appreciate you for always rocking with us. Yeah. We appreciate y'all. And it's so great to meet Y'all in this space. Congratulations. What y'all doing? Thank you. That, that's work y'all doing and y'all making other people do. Same thing here. Like the things y'all are doing here talking about mental health. I can't stand politics 'cause it gets on my nerves. Bringing the information to people is all we can do. Right. The greatest thing you can give humans is inspiration. That's right.


And The Breakfast Club is inspiring people. I hope y'all know that. We appreciate y'all, man. This has been a part of our lives since living here. Thank you Lord. Yes. Yeah. My kids know y'all too. They share The kids, listen, we keep 'em still very, very New York. That's deadass dead. Let's get to the latest off. She gets somebody that knows somebody, she gets into details. I'm a home girl that knows a little bit about Everything. She'd be having the latest on the Lord the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What was the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk to me.


Michelle Evans, who has come out and claimed in and now a civil suit that Shannon Sharped sexually assaulted her, has spoken out in a interview about the allegations. Let's take a listen to Michelle speaking on her alleged rape. What happened that day? It was fighting. It was the biggest argument that we ever got in. You know, he, he was manhandling me beforehand and, and he wanted to have sex. And I told him no because you gave it to somebody else. I didn't only tell him no. I told him why he wouldn't take no for an answer. So he overpowered me, put me to my knees, put his penis in my mouth. And after he got enough of that, he put me on the bed and, you know, this was all a, a struggle.


So I had said no, it was the hardest. Yeah, this is too hard. I remember he got dressed, he knew what he did. And so, you know, I just kind of escorted him out the door. Yeah. Crazy. You just smell that. No, no. What's talking about the smell, but go ahead. Oh, nevermind. Oh, I smelled it earlier though. I know what you talking about. Oh, All right. And then she talks about, because I think a lot of people have a question of why didn't she go on file a police report at the time. She talks about that as well as sick. He started coming at me. If I tell anybody, he'll use everybody he knows to destroy me, which he basically has. Then he started making other threats.


Threats against my life. He just was so worried that it would get out And I wasn't gonna do anything. He told me he was watching me and all the, I just went and got a protective order. Unfortunately, shortly after he doxed me and my address got out And I had somebody stop by my apartment and somebody came up to my door and said, shut up. Screamed it at the top of their lawn. And I had my daughter in there right there. And I was like, oh no. And so I, I went in And I dropped it because also at my house, somebody came and sat out front of in the driveway while my daughter was there alone. Why didn't you file a police report when he raped you? Because I was scared for my life. Everybody he knows and he knows lots of police officers.


So I, I didn't know that if I went down there that that would be one of the people that he knows. Now this, this has been a interesting conversation following the claims that have come from the $50 million lawsuit that was filed by the OnlyFans woman that Shannon Sharpe also named. Because even in this interview, she speaks directly to her and she's like, I know what you're going through because I've, the same thing happened to me. She, you know, she mentioned that her address allegedly was leaked. She also talked about a time where, you know, she was working at CNN and Shannon Sharpe had, you know, gotten an interview with the job. And during the interview he talked about the fact that the protective order was dropped, but it was centered allegedly at that time as if it was dropped because it wasn't substantial.


Right. She says that it went a different way. Let's take a listen to this last audio. But then he started going on television. He came to my job, Turner Broadcasting went on TV at CNN and it was my job to put the videos from up to YouTube for CNN. So I'm putting up this video and then here I see Shannon at my job talking about domestic violence. And the co-host mentioned that. Oh, you, you had one that was just totally dropped, made it look like the police dropped it. You know, not that I had gone down and withdrawn it, it created a picture that wasn't accurate. Now she, she's Claimed, so she had pressed charges against Shannon back in the day. She Had asked for a protective order, which would make it where he can't come within, you know, like a certain radius of her and things of that nature.


She And she did it back then, or she didn't, She did it back then. Okay. But she said that she, so according to Michelle Evans, she went to, you know, police and said, can y'all just drop this? I want it to go away. Because she alleges that she was basically being like taunted, like people would pop up and her daughter was around. So she didn't want her daughter like, you know, anything to happen. She feared for her life, allegedly. Right. But when Shannon Sharp's team responded to this, they called her claims ridiculous and completely without merit. They say that, you know, and then they, they point to the fact that this case is still ongoing. The, the defamation suit that she filed in 2023 and that a judge denied her request for a order of protection. And he had mentioned this in the beginning, probably like a couple weeks ago. He dropped a statement that I received and they called this, you know, just people coming outta the woodwork to try and share a connection with Shannon Sharpe in attempt to profit off of a relationship.


They say it's, you know, her alleged targeting is purposeful designer creative, fabricated narrative. But you know, when this video came out, people were, 'cause we were trying to figure out who Michelle Evans was. I think a lot of people didn't remember that suit back in 2013. Emini here, 2023. So This is all familiar. Pretty much knew. So That white lady name is Michelle Evans? Yes. But so Was that the Michelle in the live, She hasn't confirmed that she was or was not the Michelle in the live, but I doubt it because they've been in, they've been going through legal litigations for almost 15 years now. So I doubt that he would've been on live with homegirl. I hope not. Well You said 2023. But This all, like, all of their issues began in 2010. Got you. Yes. And that's when the, there was, since 2010 to now, there's been a protective order that was then not a protective order anymore in the defamation lawsuit.


That is still And She was cheating on her husband with, with him. Yes. That's what she says. Mm. Yep. Monique over the weekend too has something to say about the Shannon Sharpe stuff on stage. I believe she was in Indianapolis. You know, she's still torn and hitting the stages. Let's take a listen. Yes, I told that. What'd she say? She said yeah, we couldn't really hear about White show on Yeah, she made, she was talking about the clip from her on Club Shea where she's telling him to leave the young girls and the the white women alone. Yeah. Crazy. So all of this is like one thing after the other with the Shannon Sharpe situation.


But he still is denying all allegations. Of course. Has he said he said anything recently? I haven't heard. No. So the last statement that he dropped, it was a, it was like last week, early last week, which was what I would just read from, they basically gave this long statement that said all of this is purposeful. These women know what they're doing. Allegedly it's a shakedown. We are not gonna keep addressing these things because these are fabricated stories. And every time I reached back out for any additional statements, I did do that today because of the interview And I did it on Sunday. They normally point to this statement, but I'll see if they gimme anything additional. Mm. But Michelle Evans is still married, right? Oh, I don know if she's still with her man or not. Hmm. And didn't she say something in the interview? Like I I, I don't know if I was cheating at the time or something like that was, it was a weird, I was cheating line.


That was kind of weird. She couldn't Remember. I thought that that was weird too. She couldn't remember whether she actually broke up with, 'cause she said she alleges that Shannon Sharp wanted her to break up with her husband, but she got upset because he had a girl in his house that he moved out and then moved another girl, girl in and she didn't know. So she didn't wanna have sex with him, allegedly the day when he showed up and allegedly raped her because she was mad because he was dealing with other women but wanted her to himself allegedly. But she couldn't remember whether she cut it off with her husband or not. Yeah. Alright, well that is the latest with Lauren Shela man, who you giving your Don too, Man. Four. After the four, after the hour. Speaking of distressed white women, we need Shiloh Hendrix to come to the front of the congregation. We like to have a word with her please. Alright, We'll get to that next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are chicken out The Breakfast Club M say the game Don get other shake.


You are or donkey. It's time for Donkey of the Day. Donkey of the Day does not discriminate. I might not have the song of today where I got the donkey day. So if you ever feel I need to be a donkey man, Put it with The Breakfast Club bitches. Who's Donkey of the Day today? Well Ed she Donkey of the Day for Monday May 5th, single to May Mayo goes to a stink ass male named Shiloh Hendricks. Okay. Oh, the mayonnaise is heavy with this one. Ladies and Gman. See there is a human jar of Hellmans amongst us and her name is Shiloh Hendricks. Now from what we've gathered, Shiloh appeared to hurl a racist slur at a black child.


Okay. She appeared to call a 5-year-old child the N word at a park in Minnesota because she said the five-year-old took her son's stuff. Now, according to the person who recorded the video, Charma Omar, he said the little boy is on the autism spectrum. So she called this 5-year-old little black boy the N word because the little boy allegedly took her son's stuff. Let's go to KTTC news for the report please. The woman accused of using racial slurs against a boy at a Rochester Park captured in a now viral video appears to have identified herself publicly in a sizable crowdfunding effort. A user on a crowdfunding site identifying as Shiloh Hendricks has increased her fundraising goal to $1 million.


Regarding the incident at the park. The user writes quote, I recently had a kid steal from my 18 month old son's diaper bag at a park. I called the kid out for what he was. End quote. KTTC reported yesterday that Rochester police are actively looking into the viral video showing a woman holding a small child, making racist slurs in reference to another child at the playground who she claims had taken something that belonged to her child. The person recording the video alludes to the child being targeted as having special needs on its fundraising page. The NAACP acknowledged the woman in questions, fundraising, effort, writing, quote many of the comments from her supporters, celebrate and justify her hate end quote.


So much to unpack here, first of all, completely unnecessary, okay? Excessive use of racism. Listen, there's gonna be times that the bigot than us rears its ugly head, okay? There are gonna be times when random acts of racist thoughts pop up in your mind, okay? That doesn't mean you can act on 'em. I'm not gonna sit here and lie to y'all and act like I haven't thought about these things. Okay? White man cut you off in traffic, you gonna think to yourself crack ass cracker. Okay? I was at Universal Studios last weekend, literally about to get on the elevator with my family and, and this couple, a man and a woman, I believe they were Mexican, they came running and cut in front of us and just jumped on the elevator and closed the door. The first thing that came to my mind was, now see if I called ly, I'll be wrong. Why you did that with Mexican? What you mean I got ice? Hell's wrong with you, but listen to me.


Everything I told you was thoughts, okay? I didn't act on anything because I'm not that kind of person. Regardless of what my mind tells me. From time to time I attempt to be the change I wanna see in The World. I believe in equality for all. So there is no reason on God's green earth other than the mental illness called racism for Shiloh to be calling this little 5-year-old boy the N word out loud. Okay? Now, Charma Omar asked Shiloh a valid question. He said, and I'm paraphrasing, does this child taking your son's stuff merit you calling him the N word? She replied, if that's what he's going to act like, let me tell you something. We all know that nigga's going   but this little boy is five. Okay? His behavior is simply that of a 5-year-old.


What do you mean Shiloh? If that's what he's going to act like he's five. Okay? Five year olds act like five year olds at five. They're just beginning to understand social and emotional development. So if he took something from your son, then you simply find his parents tell them and then they can tell their child Don't do things like that. That's not yours. It's simple, but you are racist. So you was just looking for a reason to let the N word fly. Now, would you like to hear the actual audio from the park? Yes. Let's listen. I digging through people, Nobody digging to your, A little kid just did. You Don't That little kid, you call him a Yeah, the little child. He acts like One is gonna, are you about to hit him?


You chase him here? Yeah, He took my son's stuff. So you, so that gives you the right to call the child 5-year-old and the N word. If that's what he's gonna act like, that's what you're gonna call him. That's what He's gonna act like. Do You know That's the hate speech and you can't be a that I don't give a, Oh have mercy. Now let's talk about the fundraising. Shiloh decided to become the victim, okay? She set up a fundraising page for herself, which she titled Help me Protect My Family. Okay? In case you missed the news report, she claims in the page description that she's now in a dire situation. She says, I recently had a kid steal from my 18 month old son's diaper bag in a park. I called the kid out for what he was then she claimed that members of her fam, members of her family are being attacked.


And her personal information, including her address and phone number has been leaked. You aren't being attacked, Shiloh. You are being called out and held accountable because you called a little 5-year-old boy. The n word and accountability feels like an attack when you're not ready to acknowledge your toxic behavior. Now Shiloh concluded her message by asking for funds to assist in protecting my family and potentially relocate. Yet another example, that free speech ain't free. Why are you using words that you can't afford to use Shiloh? Now, Shiloh's fundraising goal was originally set for 50 grand, but as you heard in the news report, it was increased to $1 million after that initial amount was reached. And as of yesterday, Sunday, May 4th, she has raised over $624,000 because she called a little 5-year-old boy the N word.


And you wonder why some people spell America with three K. Now, first thing I did was look into the fundraiser's policies and give, send, go. That's the name of the platform, Gibson. Go give, send, go. Said the company does not endorse or condone the personal views our actions of individual campaign organizers or their supporters. Nor do we control the motivations of donors. Basically is nothing they can do about it. Okay? There is no violation on their end. But you do know gifts and go that you are complicit in rewarding racism. Call it what it is. They are rewarding shiloh's racism. Only in America. Can you call a 5-year-old boy the N word, okay? Get called out on it and then play victim and raise almost $700,000 because of your bigot dream.


That's crazy. Mm. Well this is a free country ladies and gentlemen. And there is such thing as freedom of speech. Even though we know there is a cost to every word that comes outta your mouth, some people are willing to pay that price. And in the case of Shiloh Hendricks, she didn't pay the price. She actually ended up getting paid. Just always remember though, freedom of speech works both ways. So with that said, please let Chelsea handler give Shiloh Hendrix the biggest. He haw, he Haw, he haw. That is way too much. Dan Mayonnaise. Let Kathy Griffin get in on that too. Please give This giant jar of mayo the biggest hee-haw. What about my guy Chris Rock? You got something to say? Crack Ass Crack. Is my girl still working the drive through? She working the drive through today bitch.


Oh okay. Just making sure everybody gets the right to express their freedom of speech. Alright, that's all. That's crazy. Disgusting. All right, thank you for that donkey today. Yes indeed. Now when we come back today is National Silence. The Shame Day. Shante Dos. That's right. Shante Doss will be joining us. We're gonna talk to her next. She's a mental health advocate, ex-US industry vet. She has so much to do with our outcasts and those early days we gonna talk to when we come back, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious Charlamagne de Guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It is Mental Health Awareness Month. Yes, it is what we do each and every May.


May 5th to be exact Silence, the shame Day. And we have a very special guest, Shante Dos. Welcome back. Hey Shante, How are you Boo. How you feeling? I'm feeling good actually. So 10 years ago I almost took my own life. Well it'll be 10 years in September. So this is like my year of rebirth. That's what I'm calling it. And I'm in such a good place. Amen. In space. And I have really accepted being like this mental health advocate and doing this work and not being stressed about going back in the music industry. Even though I'm still proud of my boys. Like Outkast got, you know, gonna be inducted into the Hall of Fame. And so it's just, it's good. I'm feeling really good. Well thanks For asking. Before we get into Silence the Shame Day and Mental Health Awareness Month, I do want to ask you, what does Outkast being inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame mean to you?


Because you was there from day one. It Means everything. Day Zero actually. Yeah. Players Ball was the first record I ever worked. And so shout out to Andre Big, the late Rico way organized noise. It's like the holy grail right? Of music. And so they finally achieved that And I couldn't be more proud and just to have been there passing out like cassettes, doing Freaknik and you know the Southern playlist cookout? We on the documentary, The Freaknik documentary? Yeah, you was on that, right? Yeah, I did see you on that when they were talking about you, we giving out, you'd have to go dig cassettes And all that day is crazy. Like whenever I see too short, he was like, yo, you gave me that cassette and was like, yo, check out my new group Outkast, they're gonna be dope. And he laughed. We laugh about it all the Time. Did you know that Outkast would become the global iconic superstars that they became Emini Here?


You never know, right? But I had the the O on my chest, right? The L on my chest, LaFace Outkast. And I just was really committed and dedicated because I knew that the A was gonna support them. Yeah, it was a different sound. And like, you know, in Atlanta we grew up supporting east coast rap, west Coast rap, but we didn't really have our own, even though we had people like Shadi, they hadn't really received national attention. Right. And we were always wear like Dodgers hats or Yankees hats. But finally we could wear like the Falcons, you know, logo and gear and the braise gear because Big Boy and Dre made that cool and they really brought like Atlanta to The World like Usher's doing now on his tour, right? He bringing the A to The World. But Outkast set that up initially and really transform hip hop.


Absolutely. And I know they transformed Southern hip hop, but look at like a lot of the artists that are still influential, they're still from the south. And so to have been at the forefront of that and been right there with them, like I can't explain it like Emini here. It kind of solidified even just me in my journey and what I've been able to contribute to the music culture. Outcast is arguably the greatest hip hop group of all time and one of the greatest groups period in music of all time percent. Yeah, hundred percent. Yep. You know, so you, you, when you started the show, you, you were talking about your rebirth, right? You, you thought about committing suicide 10 years ago. Now with this day and age, what do you tell somebody that's possibly thinking the same thing? You know, it's stressful. You know, they looking at the, the price of everything going up.


It's hard to get a job. They're looking at politics and they might feel left out. They might feel like there's no place for them. So what do you tell that person, especially in this social media world where nobody wants to be your friend and it's a very evil place. What do you tell that person, that individual, First of all, it's like honor your feelings. If you are not feeling good, you gotta acknowledge that, right? I coined this new little acronym Rap Rapping through your problems. The R is being able to recognize those unfamiliar feelings. The A in rap is acknowledging and accepting right that some ain't right. I don't feel like myself. And the P is being able to process through those feelings with a licensed professional counselor or someone you know that can actually help you. Even if you call your PCP, your primary doctor say, I'm not feeling like myself.


So you gotta be able to recognize, accept and acknowledge those feelings and understand that you gotta protect your peace at all costs. You gotta be unapologetic right now more so than ever. Because like you said, like we're getting hit in a lot of different directions and yeah, people be like, oh yeah, we all in this together. Not really. We might Be in the same storm but we ain't in the same boat. That's real. And whether it's socioeconomic factors, lack of access to care, like it is not the same. And we can't pretend that it's the same. And I know we have people that, you know, wanna help and do more, but you gotta dig deep inside yourself. 'cause even when I was going through my suicidal ideation, I had to dig into my faith and my spirituality And I had to also talk to people and let people in.


So that's truly important. And then I tell people, you gotta remove things that aren't serving you anymore. You can't just be a people pleaser. Like let go of the scrolling, the doom scrolling and all of that and really focus and be present with yourself. And sometimes therapy isn't for everyone, but doing like sound baths or getting out, walking, immersing yourself in nature, like all of that really matters. And like for me now, if I'm not feeling good, 'cause I still go through my moments. Yeah. I'll just get up and go outside and take a walk or I'll tell people like, Hey, I need a minute. And it's okay, that's your time, that's your mind, that's your body, that's your spirit. So you gotta really take ownership of your mental health and wellness because every day y'all, it's something different. Like I'm like, am I in a movie like that?


Get scripted into something I didn't sign up for because it's really scary. I know you can't believe everything you see on social media, but I try to go to reputable outlets, right? Like The Breakfast Club. But I saw on one of the other outlets that federal government is considering like canceling $1 billion of funding for mental health for students, being able to provide additional counselors and that sort of thing and school systems across the nation. And and that's really scary. And we know how mental health is affecting young kids because of this little thing right here. That's right. Right. And I don't just only blame, I don't only blame social media, but it's a lot of pressure. It is. And these kids need the support. So y'all, we gotta fight back and fight back in terms of protecting your peace, getting the help you need, reaching out to organizations like s Shahan, there's a super dope lady I met last week at the Accelerator Con conference in Miami.


Her name is Ashanti and she does a lot of healing. And so she just talked about the importance of like really immersing yourself in these healing practices with everything that's going on. Right? And so I'm recommitting myself right to whatever I'm doing is giving time for Ashanti. If I gotta set an appointment at three o'clock during the day for Ashanti to like step away and take a moment and breathe or get a massage or do something like you just gotta do it, y'all, what Do you advise for people to, to find their happy place? Right? So I realized like my biggest happy place is my family, right? I can cut off. I, I enjoy watching my daughters dance. I I enjoy watching my son play soccer. I enjoy talking to the kids cooking. So I, I found my happy place, right? How do you tell somebody to find their happy place where, you know, how do you do that?


Because it has to be a place where they just let go and release A hundred percent. But think about some of the most joyful time. And I know everybody's life wasn't the same. So let me me start with that. Some people did not have a happy upbringing and I'm sorry for that, right? If, if that was your truth in your journey. But if you did have fun when you were growing up, go back to when you were like eight years old. Yeah. Like what Did you, you want want me to play with Legos? Whatever it is Did No, but you know what that point To Emini here, what do you, what did you used to do to make you happy? Playing outside. Yes. That's why I love grounding so much. I tell adults that all the time. Take your shoes off. Especially now. I just won't Take your shoes off. Take your socks off. Go walk around barefoot in the grass. Just run around the yard, ride your bike. Good air, ride your bike. Like think about how joyous you felt as a kid when you simply played outside.


I was out at my cousin's house the other day And I started playing with the Ruby Cube And I was like, yo, I forgot how much I love this word. And it had me going for like an hour. But just find things that used to bring you joy. Get your Barbie doll Jess, period. Oh, I'm already happy and overjoyed so I don't need to go. You gotta Find that inner child that is so important. Absolutely. How We got more with Sean t dies when we come back. Today is national silence to shame day. So don't go anywhere. It is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking with Ashanti Das. Today is National Silence to Shame Day. Charlemagne, I wanna ask you the Ashanti Ball suicide. Like sometimes I'm sure you're familiar with the male Robbins Let them Theory, right?


Which is basically let people make their own choices, like whatever they wanna do. So sometimes you hear adults complaining, you know, nothing is ever going right for them. They all, they always telling you, you know, about all the bad that's happening in they world. They talk to you about wanting to commit suicide and you strangely start to understand where they, where they're, where they're coming from. Oh yeah. You know, and and you realize encouraging them to, to get help isn't working. So do you just let those people make their own choices? Like That's a that's a really great question. It's a tough question at the same time. You know the thing about it, the reason why with Silence of Shame, we try to provide as many resources as possible, but you can't make someone do something, right? Yeah. That they don't wanna do. But you can try to be a positive influence in their lives.


And so I've talked to people, you know, who have been contemplating and I've shared my story. That's why I think storytelling is so important and people have to speak up and share their stories around it. I don't think you just kinda like relinquish everything and let it go, but you try to be there for them and keep encouraging them as much as possible and putting resources in front of them and showing them how other people have survived. 'cause you know, the the last thing you wanna do is kind of wash your hands of it and then, you know, a week or two later or something happens. Yeah. But then yes, you're right. But then we also gotta protect our peace. Oh, A hundred percent. So it's just like, so You do it to the extent, to your point that you are kind of protecting your peace because again, you know, people have choices, right? God, God gave man and woman choice.


So you can only do so much. But, and then, you know, I faith comes into play. You know, I'm a a woman of faith and so I continue to pray for that person. So yeah, do what you can as much as possible, put the resources in front of them and you know, let's hope and pray for the best. But a lot of times when people aren't,


Hey, What up y'all? It's DEJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the bow premium sound system, you too can vibe like your at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic, chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Yo ez, it's your Boy Bohan. And I'm bringing you something. Epic. Epic. Introducing the KF Factor, the podcast that takes you straight into the heart of K-Pop. We're talking music reviews, exclusive interviews and deep dives into the industry like never before. From producers and choreographers to idols and trainees. We're bringing you the real stories behind the music that you love. And yeah, we're keeping it a hundred. Discussing everything from comebacks and concepts to the mental health side of the business. Because K-Pop isn't just a genre, it's a whole world and we're exploring every corner of it. And here's the best part. Fans get to call in, drop opinions and even join us live at events. You never know where we might pop a next. So listen to the KF Factor on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. This isn't just a podcast, it's a movement. Are you ready? Let's go, let's go, let's go.


Crisis. They don't know how to get the help. Right? Or they need somebody to say, Hey, I'll go to the doctor with you, or I'll, I'll help y'all walk with you through this process. Yeah. And you can only do what you can do. And you were right. So Trump administration did discontinue $1 billion in school mental health grants and the grant supported hiring school psychologists and counselors. And it was funded by bipartisan legislation that was passed after the 2022 massacre at Uvalde, Texas. Yeah. 'cause see a lot of schools, sometimes they might have one counselor for like 10 schools and it's like a nu the number of kids that are in crisis. Like that's just not enough help and support. And sometimes they're not licensed professional counselors. They just may be social workers. Which social workers are great.


But oftentimes if these kids need to to learn how to get through the crisis that they're in, they need someone that's licensed. Right. And more of a professional counselor. So, you know, y'all gotta call your legislators, you know, talk to your senators, talk to your congressmen and women and you know, we, we gotta push back on this because we need that funding. Right. Okay. We need, need to keep pouring into our kids. I Was gonna ask, do you see the suicide rates going up and and depression going up? Or do you see a stabilizer? Do you see it coming down with all the mental health talk and all the, you know, platforms in, in places where people have to go now? What do you see? So From what I think the last study that I saw was like from 2021 or either 2022 and suicide rates, particularly for black youth who are up 30%.


Damn. You know, a lot of those studies, they, they don't happen every single year. Right. Those large pool of of research studies. But there has been an uptick rather. And even just two weeks ago, there was a young man in Atlanta who happened to have gone to prom two years ago. And then some of my other friend's cousins knew him. He took his own life, you know, so I still see, I'm still getting texts and comments about these young people like taking their own lives. Yeah. And so it's still prevalent, right? Are they limited on social media? Is that what they're saying It is. Or they're saying lack of resources in the school? Or like what are they saying? The reason is, I'm always curious because I just feel like, you know, when we were growing up we were, we were just as bad, but we just didn't have that social media element where people were constantly going at it. I don't think we had the language, nor do I think we had the same spaces to e even to even express those issues.


Like my dad was dealing with all types of mental health issues that he never taught, talked to me about until I was like 40, 40 years old. But Windows Space and we didn't know how to name it or what to call it either. Right? That's Right. But even with all that, it seems it's getting worse and it feels like it should be getting better now that your dad could talk and that I can talk and be open and just could talk. But I feel like it should be getting better. But it doesn't seem like it is. Well, you know, I, I don't know if I can pinpoint it on one particular thing, envy, but I do think it is still a lack of resources in some areas. 'cause it's still an underserved communities. People know about it, but they aren't taking that next step. That's why I'm proud. I have an announcement. So we created this PSA campaign and it was around black men's mental health and it was called Healing the Spaces Between Us. And so it was a grandfather, a father and a son.


And we just got nominated for Southeast Emmy. Y'all. Oh, Nice. Congratulations. Congratulations. So shout out to Megan. Sure. Joe Pringle, who is our creative director in Oak Films who put it together. But nice, you know, we are, we're really trying to push that narrative, especially to, you know, young black men and their grandparents and their fathers. Y'all get together and talk about it. Nothing to be shamed about, but you gotta put your cars out on the table and talk about it. Last week was Black Children's Mental Health Day, right? Yep. Yes. So two years ago Senator Anderson in the state of Georgia wrote a resolution designating May 1st is Black Children's Mental Health Day in Georgia on behalf of Silent Shame. We'd love to do that in New York. So maybe we could partner with the Mental Wealth Alliance.


Yeah, let's do it. And designate May 1st in, in New York State. 'cause again, we're trying to just bring awareness to the problems that's going on so we can try to, you know, cut off those, the numbers right. That keep increasing for suicides among black. Absolutely. And you know, this is mental Health Awareness month and there's always a lot of focus on raising awareness, right? But how do we move past just awareness and start like action steps for actual healing Again, I think, you know, you gotta meet people where they're at. Again, when you talked about the uncertain times, like part of our, we have a mental health toolkit on silence shame.com, a number of things that you can do to honor the month and to push resources out to the community. So one of the areas we're focusing on is fire and rescue because you know, we've seen all these natural disasters and things happening in The World.


So we're pushing out resources that are targeted, you know, to the firefighters and the people that are out there on the front lines. Also, we did a toolkit for the federal workers, right? A lot of people that have been let go, I think maybe half of the people that got let go were due to the cuts within this administration. And so we wanna talk directly to those that are suffering from a federal employee perspective, letting them know to establish a routine, even though you got let go, get your daily routine going, even if it's like looking for that next job. Like establish a routine so you can protect your peace and practice mindfulness and reach out if you need support. So we're trying to target specific subgroups and people within the community.


And so you just gotta, you gotta be forceful in a way about it so that we are unapologetic about healing and getting help that we need. But looking at specific groups of people. 'cause we can all say we are all in this together. Mental health is important, we know we gotta take care of it. But when you talk directly at a specific group of people, I think that's when you start moving the needle and getting people to listen. Absolutely. Well how can people, if they want to tap in and they want to hear or more information or they want to help, how can they get involved? First of all, visit our website, silence of shame.com. Again, today is National Silence of Shame Day. And we have a campaign, it's May 5th. We just want people to get $5, you know, and the $5 I will say, if it's too difficult for you, please save your money, pay your rent, you do whatever you gotta do.


But if you can spare $5 or more, you can text the word silence to 7 0 7 0 7 oh. Also understand that 9 8 8 is a free resources out there. We recently partnered with the City of Atlanta, shout out to Mayor Dickens and Courtney English who came together with us and we're pushing 9, 8, 8 out to everybody that's in, you know, the city of Atlanta and beyond. And you know, just really trying to make sure that we are pushing as many resources to the community as possible. That's right. So please support us. Y'all talk about it. Don't just, you know, if you are a young person and you listen to The Breakfast Club and you are, you know, going through something with a friend, talk about it. Don't just like throw some foul stuff on social media about that person. You know, be the bigger person, you know, be unapologetic about healing and letting go of the things that don't serve you anymore.


Alright? Absolutely. And one more question, Shanti, there's nobody that protects their peace more than Andre 3000. Do you think he's even gonna come to the Rock and Roll Hall Of Fame? What's the under oval ceremony? I say he gonna be there. I Think he's coming. I will say I called both Big Andre after, you know, the announcement came out and Andre, both of them were so excited. Dre was really excited. Okay, so we going, we gonna keep hope alive. Ashanti, ladies and gentlemen, today is Silence the Shame Day, mental Health Awareness month. Of course. And we appreciate you for joining us. Thank y'all. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious.


Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren Becoming a straight fish Off man. She gets them from somebody that Knows somebody. She gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything. She be having the latest on The latest with Lauren la Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What's the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk, Talk to me. Alright y'all, so Beyonc, y'all know how we were have been talking about the Cowboy Carter tour. Well, she was just recently hit with a cease and desist lawsuit because according to the cease and desist, I'm sorry, she was just hit with a cease and desist because according to the letter, she used a image of the sphere in Vegas.


Yeah. And she wasn't supposed to, according to the owners. So there is a, a man named James Dolan, he's the CEO of Sphere Entertainment. And he basically is saying that Beyonc at one point, 'cause do you remember, or anybody remember when Beyonc was supposed to have that Las Vegas residency? It's, it's been rumor for a while. Yeah. And she was like in conversation and then they said that the conversations dropped. Like they just didn't go anywhere. Oh, I never heard of that. Yeah, so it was supposed to happen. People were saying that it was rumor then it was rumors that she was in conversations with the sphere in Vegas to do it there, but it didn't come, it didn't work out. So basically she has this interlude video that she plays an opening of one of her songs on the tour.


And in that video you see her walking, she's in Vegas, she goes all these different places, but she's in Vegas and one of the scenes she's walking past the sphere. So fans, you know, they always try and put two and two together, started tweeting as if this meant that she was letting people know that the residency was finalized and would be happening in Vegas. So the sphere, you know, their team, they're like, you can't use that. Like you cannot allow your fans to think that something's gonna go down here, that it's not gonna go down. They also pointed to the fact that there were other properties in this video that she allegedly got permission to use, but she had never gotten permission to just use that. It was such a quick shot too, like the visual of the sphere. So since then, it's been reported based off of videos from people from the tour that she's changed that opening interlude and that that visual of the sphere is not in there anymore.


But So Was it creating like trouble or problems? Like why was it such like It was causing confusion A bother to them? It was causing confusion. Yeah. So according to a statement that, you know, the team on the opposing side release their issue was that it was causing confusion amongst fans and amongst people who, you know, spend money at their business. So Basically the fans were leaving a bunch of beehive emojis on, on Twitter and they was scared and said, look, don't show The spear. Maybe that's what it was. I'm not for sure. But they, they wanted it down. I I a lot of people Cease and desist. All right. Yeah. It was a Cease and desist. Yeah. But a lot of people feel like this was a petty shot from their behalf, from James Dolan and their team. Because when all of the rumors, you Know who James Dolan is, Right? Yes. He isn't he like head of SEG Madison The owner Square, but that's SEG.


Yeah. Nick's Ranges. Ranges. Yeah. So people are saying that this was a petty shot from his side of things because when the Beyonc negotiations that we don't really know the, the full gist of, so, you know, this is all alleged when they allegedly fell through, they're like, he's just upset that he couldn't get Beyonc to do, you know, this residency at one of his venues. So they're, they're doing any little thing to take a shot at her. That's how the fans feel. But you know, I think as a business I understand like they don't want the confusion because anything with Beyonc, especially a Las Vegas residency, fans are gonna make news. The hardest thing to do is discuss business with people who ain't got nothing. It it like, I it is just, that just sounds like business to me. I don't, I could have been petty maybe, but it just sounds like business.


It did, it Did sound a little petty. 'cause it was, it was a promo. So I would figure that you would want the spare in your promo when she's walking through Vegas. I 'cause it it is, it's part of Vegas now. Yeah, right. Yeah. When you pull up in Vegas, that's the first thing you see when you're on the plane. Yeah. So I figured that wouldn't be a problem. But I guess it was. Yeah. And she had, she actually was given a deadline. I believe the deadline was actually today to change things. So, you know, according to the newly posted videos that has changed, but over the weekend, like her tour was the talk of the internet and it was because of like just little mishaps that were happening. And I'm like with the tour going so viral for all the good reasons you seeing Rumi, you seeing Blue Ivy come out and kill it Man, Blue has been what? Baby Blue is low Beyonc. She Is the one. Hello. But there were a couple things that happened on stage.


So there was one point where like Beyonc came out on stage and she couldn't find her Mark like the ex wasn't on the floor, which is really dangerous 'cause she has this one scene in her tour where like these two like really big frames come down and like swing around her. So if she's not in the right mark just been blow It up for people that hasn't been there yet and excited to see that's All over the, it's all over the internet. I haven't seen it By the way. I did not see that at all. It's All over The internet over. That was the first time I ever saw her nervous. I've never seen her nervous like that. She was literally looking around like Hold up. She never stopped singing. But, but We also live in an era where people always look for the worst of the worst. They look for the negative. 'cause the only thing I saw was Rumi and Blue and everybody giving a Yeah I love them on the, on the tour. But I think it was because not that people were like talking about her or her performance. Yeah. It wasn't even bad. It Was more so we've never seen Beyonc like just not like you could tell she was like, what the heck is going on?


Like why is this happening? Like she was visibly like confused. They Just, they forgot to put her mark down. Yep. And she was looking at for it. We done seen Beyonc fall. We done seen a fan snatch Beyonc wig. Whatcha talking about get back Up. I feel like this, these last like what, what was the Last Renaissance tour? Renaissance Tour. Even the, the couple of hiccups. There was a little hiccup on the Renaissance store where she was on top of, I think it was that truck. But that came and went. But like this happened and then there was an issue with her glove. They were trying to put her glove on. She Still a little human. That's way Humanistic Thing. She still Always perfect. She was annoyed with that as well. But I don't know. I think it's, it's all good press. Of course, you know, as of right now her team has not responded at all to the reports of the cease and desist as they normally don't do.


So not surprised that they Did. Are you going to Cowboy Carter? I don't know if I plan to. I'd be down to go though. Okay. You going? I don't know. I might go. There's so many tour going on. I know what I'm gonna go see who Chris Brown. What's his birthday? Happy birthday Chris. And also it's Adele birthday and Craig David. Y'all remember Craig David? I do. He inspired Drake. That was Drake's big homie. I don't know how we got here. That was Drake's big homie. Craig David ain't the one that be like, and we be making love on Wednesday and on Thursday and Friday and Saturday. On Sunday. How did that inspire Drake? Because Craig David is from Toronto. Oh. Oh nice. And if I'm not mis if I'm mis if I'm remembering this correctly, Drake said that one of Craig David's albums was Inspire.


I love that. You know what Drake Fagged and It's not a hater one Either. It's not. I love that. Crazy. It was about to go there. I'm sure. Watch this go. Oh, there's no step. Okay. And real quick before we close, because I know he's such a friend to the show and friend of you guys, fat Joe posted over the weekend at his mom had passed away at age 77. So, you know, just send him some love as they, you know, get through that hard time. He posted a really nice tribute to her on his Instagram. So go and check that out. And just talked about how amazing she was. They didn't have much, he says, but he made, she made sure that they had everything. So Luther, Joey Crack man choke To Joey Crack. Yeah. And you know, the sad thing about Crack is, you know, Joe fa, Joe lost his pops like a month ago. Remember we reported that he lost his brother, like, I think like four months ago.


So if you know Joe, give him a call. Give him a hug, send him some love. Love you Joe. If you're listening. Absolutely. Yeah. And listen, I just want everybody to know that this building that we're currently in stinks. It does. I don't know what the hell is going on. Okay. But it really, really, really smells in here. It smells like a retainer in the morning. You know, when you sleep with your retainer in the mouth. Oh my God. You Take your retain out. Mm ew Don't Really smell. It smells like they haven't taken the gar to took the garbage out in a couple days. That's exactly what it smells like. Yeah. It it smells like something backed up. That's what it really do smell like. Really? Yes. I Don't know, maybe the edibles just cut everything off of me because I'm like, I don know I've been smelling like Emini here. Oh, you're celebrating single de mayo Yo. Eating edibles has nothing to do.


What you mean Single de Mayo? I haven't drinking anything. Oh, okay. Yeah. No I'm not, I'm not doing that. Yo, I'm not Mexican, yo. I don't do that. You did go A couple times This morning. I know. Because they be like, underlay, underlay. Salute everybody. Salute everybody who does smell their retainer in the morning. Man. That keeps you humble. Alright, well let's get to the mix. Of course we gonna play a lot of Chris Brown in the mix course today. It's Chris Brown birthday. Jesus Christ. All right. It's The Breakfast Club. Have the call the ice left. The ice batch signal. Keep it up. Wake up. Wake Up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's CJ Envy. Jess.


Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. I wanna SLU to everybody I seen out in Tequila Fest in Atlanta had such a good time. It's like 7,000 people out there. So I just wanna salute to everybody that came out in Promoter Compton. And then I went to, so It's called Tequila Fest. Tequila Fest and Mexicans. They were getting sneaky this year. They don't wanna just call it, they don't wanna say it's a sink or the Mayo Celebration. Kill us Tequila Fest. And then I went to Moline in Illinois, which is like Quad Cities. I did, I seen Booie out there. Booie said he wants to come to the show and, and talk a little bit Too. Booie And I I see I seen Rick Flair. Yeah. You you did Rick Fla, you know the whoa Yes, yes. More when he saw you it was more like it Wasnt one. Well Rick Fla tied Okay.


Of all Rick flas. Goddamn. How old was Rick Fla? Rick Fla is 76 years old. Man Not be walking up to nobody. So he was in all the oxygen. Yeah. I was like, I I walked out And I said, whoa. He, he said Woo Rick Fla hell salute the Rick Fla. You do realize it is a bunch of ice agents today looking to ruin people's day. Y'all do know that. I'm not even joking And I know we've been making jokes all morning Ice. What's wrong with you? Because it's single de may they waiting. Oh yeah. For all of these gatherings and they waiting for, you know, everybody to just pop out and celebrate. They said just wait till tomorrow. They better not roll up at nobody. They are Definitely, I guarantee you the the bar you gonna hear about rage that happened at single de Mayo parties 'cause of ice. I pro, I'm telling you one Thing about Mexicans though, they real smart and they already know.


They sitting in the bushes waiting to see because look, they Whatcha talking about, that's why they called it te with us. They waiting To look at the trucks and look at the ice agents going 'cause they they know they sitting out outside of all the bars. Damn. So they just in the bushes waiting like, look, we see you, we see you before the UCS. All right. Okay. Oh look real quick. Random Chris Brown fact or whatever. Yo, what? Nevermind, go ahead. Random Chris Brown Fact, remember he was in Stomp the Yard. Yes. And everybody was married 'cause he died within like the first 10 minutes of the movie. They couldn't afford to keep him for the whole movie. So they just, they killed him off. But the selling point for Stomp the Yard was Chris Brown.


And that's the reason why everybody wanted to go see it. But that's how we found out that Columbus Short was a good actor. Okay. Okay. I like random Chris Brown facts. That's cool. Thank You. Yes. And since y'all wanted to be quiet about it, anyone care about the Chris Brown fact? Go to my YouTube for never before scene footage. Y'all, y'all can see the just with the mess there before anybody else gets to see it. Y'all can see clips of my daughter and things that Sha didn't even know about me behind the scenes of b, The Breakfast Club and then me editing behind the scenes of Jess Dames and Jess fix my mess and all of that. So yeah, run it up and subscribe to Jess's official. Baldy. Yeah. Jess's official. Not Jess's official Baldy, but Jess's official on YouTube.


It's time to get up outta here. Charlamagne, you got some positivity For the people. I do man. And I want to tell folks too, make sure you go out there and pre-order the icon Living man. Her name is Don Staley. She's got a book coming out on May 20th called Uncommon Favor Basketball North Philly, my Mother and the Life Lessons I Learned From All three. I am holding the book in my hand. What I love about this book, the back cover is literally made from the skin of a NCAA Wilson basketball. Basketball dope. Yes. Damn. None. That is dope. Yes. So make sure you go out there and pre-order Don Staley's new book. It'll be out on May 20th. Look to Don Staley. How You Born Day to Don Staley too? Yesterday was her born day. Happy you belated Don. And wait a minute guys. For Mother's Day weekend, I will be in Detroit at one Mike Comedy Club This Saturday we got three shows.


We have an 11:00 AM brunch, an early evening show at seven, and then a late night show at nine 30. Your girl Jess, Hilarious. And your guy, Dezy Alexander will be there. Get your tickets@jessofficial.com. Bring your mothers, your aunties, your grandma, your sisters, all that. 'cause it's Mother's Day weekend. So can't wait to see y'all. Detroit. What up though? Oh, and the positive notice simply this. Your body. Okay, your body, what are you laughing at? Could you shut the hell up? Your body doesn't just reject food, it also rejects energy. If your body starts rejecting certain places, people of things trust it and listen, have a great day.


Breakfast Club Bitches. Y'all finish or y'all.