
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing misogyny seats to ease stress, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather pointed seats are optional features.


Some in the south side of Chicago is calling and the back May 16th on Paramount Plus, this season, the women are rewriting the rules in the Showtime original series from Emmy Win. Alina Wa they've been loyal, they've been patient, and now it's payback time. But the minute the shy aren't giving up their power without a fight, nobody's backing down until the throne is earned and nothing will ever be the same. Don't miss the shy new season screaming May 16th, only on the Paramount Plus with Showtime plan,


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


KFC, chicken and waffles, fresh, juicy chicken and rich waffles with syrup. It's the kind of sweet and savory order that will make people stop whatever they're doing and stare in envy. So as you dig into your mouth, ordering original recipe chicken and warm waffles, or dip them in your syrup. Try not to eat near people. Crossing the street, driving cars, handling heavy objects or operating heavy machinery, you know, for their safety. KFC Chicken and Waffles is the order people are gonna envy. KFC is finger licking. Good.


Good Morning. USA Yo. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo. Jess. Hilarious. Good morning, Charlemagne. The God Peace to the Planet is Monday. Good morning. Yes. Back to the work Week, Jess. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and Holly Faed. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What's happening? How was Your Mother's Day, Jess? Oh, I was stuck in the airport for like most of the day, but Oh damn. But it was, it was relaxing. By the time I got home, I knew I had to wake up early this morning, so we didn't go out or anything. We just, you know, watched the movie or whatever. My son wanted to watch Dead Pool. Okay. That's what we did. Well, I was the flew in Newark. Huh? You flew into Newark?


Yes. He fly in Newark. Yeah. No, No, no, no, no, no. The outage problem is gone. No, it was an out Sunday, Sunday morning. It was an outage. Oh, it must have stopped for me. That's, you know, thank God I, I, you know, Jesus, I landed well, but No, that's, that's, but That's why you were delayed. Yeah, I was delayed. Yeah. Yeah. Delayed the cancellations. I was delayed. Yep. Yep. But at first I was flying into JFK that got delayed. So then I was, was, okay. So then LaGuardia, it was like all sold out Philly. It was nothing to Philly. And then they was like, well, Newark outage problem is not it, you know, it's no more. So you can go ahead, fly and snort. And I was like, okay. Well, yesterday it was an equipment Issue And I was still, Yeah. I was equipment Issue in Newark. Yes. Yeah. So I was Equipment issue At Newark. I was Detroit. Oh, We gonna get to that.


We gonna get to that. Oh, later on in the show. Absolutely Uhoh. But I do love my fans. I love Detroit always treats me well. My fans treat me great. So yeah, we gonna get into that. But listen, I have re I've been like rebranding my YouTube. So y'all, y'all see go to Jess, Hilarious official on my YouTube channel to see never before seen clips. The what? BTS behind the scenes of everything. Of how I do, just with the mess. Just fix my mess. I pay a breakfast club, everything. So on the road. So make sure y'all, y'all subscribe, right Shar, subscribe. Subscribe with a v with a V. Yes. To Jess, Ari Official on YouTube. Salute to all the moms. Hopefully you had a great Mother's Day. I actually took my mother and my wife and the whole family actually to go see Hell's Kitchen.


Yeah. Which is a Alicia Keys play. Fantastic Broadway play. Oh my gosh. It was such a dope show. Salute to Tank. He killed it. Salute to the whole cast. The old cast, dead beat. Darius, the woman that played Alicia Keys killed it. Put the up story. Yeah, it is, it is a love story. It's a love story for music. It's a love story for him. The guy that she wanted it Is her love story for Hell's Kitchen. Yeah. And her love story. Her love Story. New York. It ain't a full Story. Yeah. It it, it gave you the feeling of, of New York growing up as a kid, like just going outside and seeing people on the stoop and doing the things that we did as kids. But it was, it was really, really dope. And after I went backstage and, and, and kicked it with Tank a a little bit, but that wasn't a thing. The dancers in the play, they, you know, started, I guess they knew my kids from dancing, so they for sure they Were able to, everybody in The World knows your kids dance.


Yeah, that's A good thing. But they were giving my kids pointers and one of the actual singers, it's a dance mom, so she was, she be, she's out on the road and she sees it. So my kids got to, you know, talk to them and kicking with them about dancing and acting and all that other stuff. Yeah. And then Tank was just being tanked. Just a good brother. So Hells Elute to him. Hell's Kitchen is a good play. Especially if you are Alicia Keys super fan. Yes. You Alicia. Keys super fan. You're gonna love it. Yeah, you'll love it. Saw it a couple weeks ago. Yeah. Nice. Amazing, amazing, amazing show. All right, well let's get the show Cracking. Lizzo will be joining us this morning. Hey, she has a new album, love In Real Life coming this summer. We gonna be kicking it with Lizzo. You ain't going to do no drop of bond for her. No applause. Nothing. Okay, there we go. And now we got front page news Next. And don't go anywheres The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody.


It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Alright, now over the weekend the Celtics beat the Knicks 1 15 93. The Knicks still lead that Series two one, the Thunder and Nuggets. They tie the series. Day 1 92, 87. Now, yesterday the Timberwolves Beat the Warrior is 1 0 2 97 Minnesota Win is leading that series two one. No, that was Saturday. Saturday in Indiana. Played yesterday the Cavs and the Pacers. Pacers beat him. 1 29. 1 0 9. Indiana leads that series. 3, 2 1. South Dixon. Nicks play tonight. Yep. Play tonight at seven 30. Pressure's on Nix. Yep. Tim Bulls play at 10 o'clock. Alright, pressure's on Nix. We all right?


We okay? Pressure's on. We, okay. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. Happy Monday. How y'all feeling? Good. Hey girl. Happy belated Mother's Day. Thank you. Same to you. Justin. Did you enjoy? I did in the airport, but it was all fine. When I got home, I was able to be with my kids. That's a beautiful thing. All right y'all, let's get into it. First step on the front page in case you missed it. Newark, New Jersey. Mayor Ross Baraka is out of jail after being arrested on Friday for allegedly trespassing at an ice immigration detention center. Now, DHS spokesperson, Tricia McLaughlin, described the facility saying it houses MS 13 gang members and, and rapists while President Trump's acting US attorney for New Jersey, Alina Haa made the arrest and here's what she had to say about it in part, let's take a listen to the mayor Has at publicly for three days, been saying that he's going to break in eventually did break in, was given multiple opportunities to remove himself.


We will not stand for anybody getting in the way of getting rid of criminals in this country. It's very simple. So Mayor Baraka, he spoke out about the incident following his release saying he felt like he was targeted, his rights were violated. And he's weighing his legal options moving forward. Let's take a listen to his comments. I'm the mayor of the city. I have the right to go anywhere in this city, particularly in places where I think our, our laws are being violated. I will confer with my lawyers to figure out what's the best pathway forward on this. I think they completely violated my rights. They obviously targeted me. It was more than more. I wasn't the only one out there. They came directly to me and tried to arrest me.


No, no one else. So Baraka, he's urging fellow Democrats to continue to push for access to ice detention centers in the ice detention center where he was arrested. It's giving good trouble, necessary trouble. But Democrats, democratic representative Rob Menendez, Jr. Lamonica McIver and Bonnie Watson Coleman were also involved in the incident at Delaney Hall. Watson claims the Trump administration is acting like a dictatorship in its pursuit to arrest immigrants in the country illegally. Let's take a listen to Congresswoman Bonnie Watson Coleman's comments. And we, the people will make sure that this administration adheres to the rules that separate us from dictatorships in other third world countries.


Democratic rep, Rob Menendez Jr. Added that this is unacceptable and should shake every American to their core and our collective core is what he had to say. What do you guys think about that Emini here? You guys are up there in the region, in the general vicinity of the area. How does this make you feel? I don't think this is just about a, a regional thing, like, you know, you're No, no, not at all. It's, but this is definitely the precedent. Yeah. Especially when we just saw a judge get locked up two weeks ago. Emini here, you know, these things happen so fast that we tend to forget, but we just saw a judge get locked up a, a a couple of weeks ago. So it's not just a regional thing. I Emini here. I I don't know how it's gonna play out. To be totally honest with you, I'm, I'm not gonna be up here on this radio acting like I got, you know, these predictions or I know what's gonna happen.


I don't know what's gonna happen in this country from this point on. Well, does it, does it scare you Emini here in the sense that you know, no, 'cause I believe in God so it don't scare me. But, you know, it just, I just don't know how everything's gonna play out. Alright Charles, it's not Trend, it's not trending in the right way, I tell you that much. No, not At all. No, not at all. But, you know, that's your front page news for 6:00 AM This is a, a situation that I will continue to keep an eye on as it is close to home for you guys. And then at seven we will get into what's going on with the New York City mayor Eric Adams. He had a meeting with President Trump on Friday. So I will get into that. Alright. Next quarter. See you next hour Morgan. Everybody else get it off your chest.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If you need to vent phone lines wide open again. (800) 585-1051 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Ray. Ray. Ray. Yo, Charla Man. Envy. What up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a outdoor pool. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. We Can get on the phone right now here and tell you what it's, we live. Hello. Who's this? This is Tatiana. Hey Tatiana. Good morning. Get it off your chest. Good morning. I I just wanna say a official graduate of the real HU Howard University.


Congratulations. Congratulations. Congrats. Thank you. Thank You. I'll let you live this morning. Congrats. I knew you were gonna say that. It is the real HUI come from the 7 5 7 2. So look, put some respect on it. All right. You, you got it. And, and salute to all the graduates. I know. Mostly the HBCUs. A lot of them. Graduation was on Mother's Day this Sunday. So grad. Congratulations mama. So, Oh wait. Oh wait. And I just would wanna say, I wanna shout out my mother and my grandmother because, you know, they did do it. And my dad too. They did do it. Yeah. I wanted to give them a special shout out. Yep. They did do it. They got me there. I'm, I was a returning student and so, you know, when I came back this year, I had a lot on my mind And I doubt I didn't wanna doubt myself.


I didn't. And I made it. I walked across that state. Well, congratulations God Be the joy. So congrats mama. You That. Thank you. Thank you. And what's your major and if Anybody? Computer science. Oh, computer Science. So it was not easy. You got a job yet or are you still working? Are you still looking? Still Looking. Still looking. Alright, Well good luck and, and and congratulations again. I love that major. Thank you. Thank you so much. Have a good one. You too. Hello, who's this Terrell from? Queens Terrell. From Queens. What up, what part of Queens? South Side. Jamaica. Queens, south Side. All right. What's up? Get it off your chest brother. I Just wanted to basically talk about my business. I'm a personal trainer out here in Long Island.


I'm changing lives in the gym. Okay. What's the name of the gym brother? The name of my company is trained to inspire. I bet you got a bunch of big backs rushing to try to lose a bunch of weight before summertime right now. Yo. Yo, you already now. Yeah, they knew so was was coming but they just kept eating A hundred percent. And yo DJ Envy, Charlamagne. Keep doing what y'all doing. Just hilarious. Thank you babe. I wanted to wish you a happy Mother's Day also. Y'all keep shining. And also I listen, I listen to y'all faithfully every day. I wanted y'all to please gimme a follow on social media. What's your put it out there? You talking about us? You wanted us to? Not the people.


Oh, I thought you was talking about the People listening. Yeah, well the people, I'm, I'm doing good with them, but I, I really care about y'all guys giving me a follow to see what I'm out there doing in the gym. What's your IG brother? It's Train. It's Trane, T-R-A-I-N-T-O. Inspire. And you'll see my name up there. Terrell Ka. Okay. I ain't about to lie to you. I'm gonna go look, you know, saying if you're doing something that extra interesting, I'll follow. Okay Brother. What Do you want you to go look and see him in the gym? Honestly, It's the best policy. That's Right. See you training. I see you training the kid in the wheelchair. That's dope. I see you out there training brother. I appreciate Y'all. You got the kid in the wheelchair doing I be outside. Excuse me? I am doing pullups. He's doing pullups. He's doing pullups. He's doing pullups.


Got you. With the wheelchair. Lemme ask you A question. Serious question with the, with the guys in the wheelchair. Do you, do you do anything with them for leg day? Seriously? Yo, shut up man. Emini here. Emini here. It's the type of therapy that they do. Charlamagne, come on. No, no, no. It really is therapy for a paraplegics. Everybody in a wheelchair. Not I'm just, yo charlamagne, I'm just passionate about what I do man. And I should see on my pitch. I'm passionate man. I'm helping everybody out man. I don want everybody to feel good and look Good. No doubt. But I'm asking a real, I'm asking a serious question. Are, do some people in wheelchairs like their legs aren't totally useless. Right? Not everybody. A hundred percent not. Yeah, not everybody. He must have thought you was he was being, He was joking.


Yeah, He thought you were joking but no that, that's a real thing. Need his therapy before I know That. I know he got jokes. No, I know he got jokes Not about the paraplegics. Yeah, that's a whole different community. Roll up on his ass. Have A good one. You Uhuh get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need an event, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Manny, This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or Blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with me Is best. Call up next (800) 585-1051. Not just Me, I'm with the coach of Phil. Hello, who's this?


This Is Dave calling from Tampa. Hey Faith from Tampa. Get it off your chest. It's Monday morning. It's raining and I'm not ready for work. I Know that's right. Yeah. So are you a mom? Did you celebrate Mother's Day yesterday? I celebrated Mother's Day yesterday with my 8-year-old Delilah and I'm 32 weeks pregnant. Oh, Congrats. Congratulations. And Happy Mother's Day. Thank you. Happy belated Mother's Day. Jess. Thank you honey. Hey look, if you don't wanna go to work today, you got an excuse you could say you gotta go to the doctor today for a checkup. You could set an excuse if you, you, you could be tired. You got morning sickness. You can take the day off if you need to Take an extra day. You are correct. That's the FMLA? Yes. FMLA. All right mama. Alright thank you.


Hello. Who's this? Hi help y'all this morning. Good Morning. Good morning. Get it off your chest. Yes, I wanna get it off my chest. I was actually sick in and out of the hospital for like two months and like I recently started feeling a lot better and my so-called friend I've been friends with for over 30 years, literally just hit me up with a text and then finally called me and said, oh how you doing? I'm like, I'm all right. Oh well I can't talk too long 'cause I got my new boyfriend in the car so I'm have to call you back. So why you mad if you got a new boo? No, it's not That I'm happy. I'm happy she getting twisted and getting loose. My thing is you didn't pop up on me at the hospital. You didn't call me.


You just literally sent me a text and then finally called me to say you can't talk too long. Crazy. How old is she? So My thing is, I'm, I'm really pissed off and I'm like, this is my so-called friend. Like I really don't know how to feel about it. Oh your friend. I thought you said your daughter. Oh man, my Is she is she usually, you said she got a new boo. She Got a new boo. Yeah. Okay. Is she, is she usually single? Yeah. Yeah. Well she's in a relationship. I'm not saying I'm not justifying her like not, you know, reaching out to you and not coming to see about her girl or whatever. 'cause you are definitely her girl. But at the same time you gotta know when somebody is so used to being single, then they finally get somebody, girl all that's where all the attention be at.


Like, excuse me, like real bad. And she was like, you ain't dying. You know what I'm saying? You straight. But you Told Her being single and you having all the access to her, you can't even wrap your head around this new guy she got, you know. No, I actually was dying. Literally dying. Oh my dad. Oh my God. Oh yeah, she wrong. Yeah, she definitely wrong. I'm sorry mama. Well I'm doing much better. So my thing is, Jess, you think I should not talk to her anymore? No, no, no, no. Definitely talk to her 'cause she need to know how you feel. That's your friend. She need to know how you feel and then depending on how she take the conversation, then you can go on, move on after that. You know, treat her accordingly. But you definitely need to sit down. Y'all, she owed your conversation for sure.


Exactly. And I'm like, I don't know if I should say something right now because I'm still in the midst of coming out of the hospital. No, no, no. Focus on your focus on getting better first because it ain't about her. It's about you right now and then back to her. Yeah. Okay. Thank you guys. Y'all have a good morning. Alright. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got the ladies with Lauren. You look very demure this morning. Usually you look very good. You de de mure. You look like you own a horse Too. Not Good. Yeah, very wealthy. Yeah, The very wealthy, very attorney. Are you going to go into court today to advise? Did he or what's I'm going into court not to advise anyone, but I will be there. And that's what we're actually gonna talk about. About That's a, that is a good court look.


Thank you. Yeah. When you park your horse outside the, you know what I'm saying on it. Thank you. We are gonna talk about that though because court was actually halted on Friday and we going to talk about why. 'cause remember I was here And I was like, y'all court is over already. Very odd. But we're gonna talk about what went down and how that's gonna affect today. Today's the first day of opening statement. So this is a big day for puff in court. Now I heard there was a rumor that Cassie might take the stand today. I don, we already, that's what they said. That's what I heard on 10. 10 wins. That's what I heard on news this morning. We'll get Into it. Okay. All Right, we'll get into that. Next. Only got, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, just Hilarious.


Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight face off. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody, Some, she gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything. She be having the latest on this, the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, it's the latest on The Breakfast Club. Talk. Talk to me. Okay, so the Diddy trial will continue today, May 12th, but today is a really, really big day because opening statements will begin for both the prosecutors and Diddy's team on the defense. But before that starts, they have to select the jury.


They were supposed to have done this on Friday, that was supposed to be last day of this. But the Diddy's team came in and said, because of cold feet, we shouldn't do it today. What You mean cold feet. So Diddy's team alleged that if they were to have selected the final members of the jury on Friday, those jury members would've had all weekend to sit, get nervous, get a little scared, basically. Like they didn't, and they didn't want that to happen. So they were like, look, we feel like because of how high stake this case is, because of the person that is in question talking about puff, we should wait until Monday. Right before we start the opening statements, they have a pool of 43 jurors, men and women, they have them narrow that down to 12 definite jurors and six alternates. So the judge agreed, he said, you know what?


You're right. I agree. Let's wait until right before opening statements, we'll choose a jury and then boom, we'll go right? We'll swear Toman, we'll go right into, we'll go right into the actual opening statements from prosecutors in the defense. So they expecting this to be a speedy trialer. The judge has been very, very adamant about wanting to stick to schedule. He doesn't even timing. Like this week court is gonna go from nine to five. He's like, next week we gonna do nine to three. We not gonna be in here all day. We gonna get this done. I, And I think even with the jury thing, not wanting to pick over the weekend is because they don't want no mishaps. They don't wanna have to. Hey, What up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news.


You don't have to to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all.


Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Hi, I'm Christian Davis, host of the podcast. Are you a Charlotte? What we have all been waiting for. Sarah Jessica Parker is here and she is sharing stories from the very beginning, like the time she forgot. We filmed the pilot episode. I remember some things about shooting the pilot, right? I Have some memories I can fill you in And that you're gonna fill me in. Yes. But then you forgot about it in the very completely long time they took About It and she reveals what she thought when she read the script for Sex and the City. The very first time he said He wrote this like I was in his head in some way, which I found really interesting. And does she think Carrie is too good for Mr. Big Shit inexplicable feelings. It is. Got it. The human being that can't explain to her friends why? Somebody that might be beneath her Yes. Is dictating the hunt. You Can't miss this. Listen to, are you a Charlotte on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Yo, it's your boy Bohan and I'm bringing you something Epic. Epic. Introducing the K factor, the podcast that takes you straight into the heart of K-Pop. We're talking music reviews, exclusive interviews and deep dives into the industry like never before. From producers and choreographers to idols and trainees. We're bringing you the real stories behind the music that you love. And yeah, we're keeping it a hundred. Discussing everything from comebacks and concepts to the mental health side of the business. Because K-Pop isn't just a genre, it's a whole world and we're exploring every corner of it. And here's the best part. Fans get to call in drop opinions and even join us live at events. You never know where we might pop a mix. So listen to the KF factor on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. This isn't just a podcast, it's a movement. Are you ready? Let's go, let's go, let's go


Get more people back in If the six alternates fall through, like they just wanna get th yeah, he wants to get through it. Is That good or bad that they, they seem like they're trying to get through this fast. I don't think it's a bad thing. The judge seems really, really, really fair at the way that he's like handling both sides of it. Prosecutors did push back on it a bit And I think it's just because for them they don't care about that. Like they want they, they Want the truth. I just want the truth. Forget the Speedy trial. We want the truth. We want people to be able to divulge through the facts and all that. I Emini Here, it's still eight weeks, like eight weeks is still a a time period for a trial. That's enough time. But, and if there's more time needed, it seems like the judges is fair on both sides. But anyway, so today prosecutors and the defense will present their opening statements. Now, envy, you had a question about Cassie testifying.


Yes. I think I heard on the, on the news on my way and they said Cassie might be testifying Today. Is that true? Well, there have been photos that were came out of her last week, at the end of the week of very, very pregnant in New York. It is expected that she's supposed to testify this week, but for her to testify today, those opening statements from both sides will have to be really, really short. I'm told by a, a source close to the case that it's possible. But for that to happen a day, it would like, they would have to literally get through their opening statement super fast and then, but it all depends on, you know, what, what strategy the prosecutors are trying to take. And typically you wouldn't lean on a witness for your opening statements, but it depends on where they're going with it. Okay. Also too, Cassie's really, really pregnant. So I think that that's gonna play a part too in both sides. Wanted to make sure they can get her on the stand early on because once she's out, she's out.


Right. That's gonna be a very stressful environment for her to be pregnant and be on that stand and the way they going press her and you know, be bringing up all type of stuff that I'm sure that, you know, she may not want to be have divulged. That's gonna be a lot. Yeah, I talked about this on the podcast, the latest with La la Rosa. That's actually an interesting point because if I am a prosecutor and I'm pressing or even a def defense Diddy's team And I'm pressing Cassie, the visual of a, a very pregnant woman sit on a stand being pressed can turn. Like if I'm a person I'm like, like, oh my God. Yeah. It's like, what are y'all doing to her? That's Mention pregnancy brain is real. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So some things can be blurry, clear. I don't know. I don't remember what happened. You know what I'm saying? Like, she pregnant like in her third trimester, right? Yeah. She's, let me, let me, before I say, yeah, let me look that up.


I know that Crazy didn't remember things that happened the day before sometimes when I was pregnant. So it's like, yo, they asking her, it is just gonna, it is gonna be stressful for her, But they gotta they gotta go back and forth with her, right? They gotta go to the facts. But like you said, it's gonna look so crazy. It's gonna be no back and forth. It's gonna be a full court press. Okay. But how is they gonna go everything in the book at ca But how is Diddy team gonna be looking, going full court press with this woman who don't care? You gotta be strategic. You gotta do it where you get to what you need to get to, but you don't look like you're like bullying, being angry. They like being upset with that. You Don't care. He fighting for his life. Emini here But The jury. But you wanna, you don't, I feel like you don't want the jury to feel like you're, you're Attacking a pregnant Woman. They're going to do that because the picture that they're gonna paint of Cassie is you not innocent.


That's what they're gonna try to paint on. A hundred percent. A hundred percent. It was complicit in all of this. And probably an accessory in some cases. That's what, that's how they're gonna try to paint her. Oh yeah. They've already started kind of leaning into that. Now as far as how far along Cassie is, she announced her pregnancy in February, 2025. So according to Google, she's six, maybe seven months at this point. Hmm. She's, yeah, in the photo she looked very pregnant. Now I had already told you guys that from what I was told, Cassie did not wanna testify. Victim three, as we know as of today, still does not wanna testify and has, is telling them she does not plan on come coming to court. There is now a victim five, I know Puff's team was trying to keep victim five out of the, the, the conversation or whatever.


But victim five, if victim five does testify, will testify with, she's not gonna be able to hide her identity. And this is according to some documents that TMZ recently obtained. And this victim is gonna testify as a witness that did he committed an act of sexual misconduct allegedly in the past that he's, but he's not being charged for this act in the case. Do any of the victims have penises? Because, you know, there was a lot of talk about, you know, male stuff. I'm, I don't know, did that make it to the courtroom? I know that was a lot of chatter online, but did it make it to the courtroom? All of the victims that I know of are women Okay. At this point. And we were, y'all have some questions about what happens if victims three Don't show up? What, once men before? Great Question. Yes. Oh, see, I don't know that we Don't, you know, you gotta be strategic.


I probably won't know ee Okay. And all those suits, because a lot of did these lawsuits got dropped, right? The on the civil side, right? Some of, yes. There's a, there's a number of them. So The, the Rodney one got dropped, right? That's the one they, they took a, he said he took a shower and he was making beats in the shower or something like that. Yes. But that's on the civil side. Emini here. To your point though, I'm, I'm sure that they're gonna try and make clean claims on the criminal side seem like really outrageous because we've watched that on the civil side. But civil and criminals Separate. Yeah. Have no way. Yeah, with and civil 'cause they weren't. Yeah, Yeah. Burden of proof is different. But yeah. So that kicks off today. I'll be there. I Will be there. I be your on Lauren LaRosa will be there. Yes. Dressed as Colonel Sanders. I'm not going ah, but that's gave me like a cute little colonel period.


Very Well fitted equestrian. That's what you look like Equestrian. That's what she looks like. Yes. Is that a horse jockey? Horse Jock? The sexy is giving like role play with your man. She got, she need a man first. Firsty si. Yes. You need to mind your business. You right, you arrived, you got something good. All right now that is, that is it. And that is all for now. But I will be back with more. 'cause it's gonna be a long day in court. What Time you gotta be there? I need to be there by 8:30 AM Okay. Latest. And that's like honest, I'm pushing it. Okay. Yeah. Alright. All right. When we come back, we got front page news and then Lizzo will be joining us. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are checking out The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody is J Envy Jess.


Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get back in some front page news now, some quick sports. Yesterday the Cavs lost to the Pacers. 1 29. 1 0 9 Indiana leads that Series three won. The thunder and nuggets tied in series two, two th beat Thunder, beat the nuggets. 92 87 tonight the next take on the Celtics is seven 30 and the temples take on the Warriors at 10:00 PM Let's go New York. New York's a must win game for the Knicks. It's a must win game for the Knicks. I know. You know, people think that if the Celtics win is just tied, no, if the Celtics win, it's going. No, the Celtics win's Gonna be tough. We up, we lead this series two one right now. We gonna win tonight. They should. We gonna win at Home tonight. We gonna win at home tonight.


Alright, good morning Morgan. Good Morning. Good morning. Alright y'all, so let's get back into front page news. So President Trump is headed to the Middle East and during his trip he's expected to accept a luxury jet from the Royal FA family of Qatar or Qatar. It depends on how you pronounce it. Based on where you are in The World, that's Illegal. That's he's reportedly expected to use this plane, this jet as Air Force One, according to multiple resource sources reported to NBC. Now the Boeing 7 47 8 jet will then be moved to Trump's Presidential Library Foundation following his White House term. And of course, as you mentioned, Charlamagne, the lavish gift is sparking concerns amongst legal scholars as to whether or not it is a legal gift.


See, we gotta stop saying that Morgan. We just gotta call it what it is. It is illegal. Like when you say spark questions, you know, amongst legal scholars on whether it's legal, it, it leaves it open for, you know, discussion. It's not, that's not a discussion. It's illegal, but is It illegal 'cause Wrong the US Constitution prohibits Government Officials from accepting gifts from any king, prince or foreign state. Sounds good. All right. So it is illegal. Okay. Alright. So the White House is previewing President Trump's upcoming visit to the Middle East. He will visit US troops at the airb base in Qatar, the largest US military base in the region. And he will also be in Saudi Arabia where he's supposed to get that jet and get an update on Israel Gaza war ceasefire talks.


Now press secretary Caroline Levitt said that Trump is going to reaffirm his commitment for a free and prosperous Middle East. Let's take a listen to her comments. President Trump will return to reemphasize his continued vision for a proud, prosperous and successful Middle East where the United States and Middle Eastern nations are in cooperative relationships and where extremism is defeated in place of commerce and cultural exchanges. So this comes as Hamas is set to release the last known living American hostage in Gaza as part of an effort to reach that ceasefire agreement in a statement on Sunday, Hamas is said Israeli American Eden Alexander will be released to help achieve a ceasefire and allow humanitarian aid to flow into the Gaza Strip us special envoy to the Middle East.


Steve Witkoff said he's traveling to Israel to secure Alexander's release. Adding that the 21 year old's family is ecstatic over the news. This, this, you know, well the ceasefire is an amazing thing, but you know that that jet that's, that leads less to to be desired, like you said. That's, it's just a Yeah, and that's why we can't ask answers like we ask answers, right? We'll be like, well is the jet, is the jet illegal? And and what, and what envy did is what most people will do in that situation because we'll be like, well is it illegal? Because we're not telling people point blank. Yes it is. Well the reason I'm asking is 'cause you know, and this is gonna be bad, but he does stuff so blatant. I'm like, there's no way it could possibly Be illegal. Yes. And then the media Asked if you saying I'm million dollar jets.


Yes, Exactly. But that's essentially what it is, is that he's doing things and then it's like, okay, well he's finding holes here and holes there and then he's gonna take it. No, there's no holes. There's no holes. This is just, just blatantly illegal. So what happens, this is blatant corruption. What happens when a federal judge blocks this? You know what Emini here like, it just, I don't, I don't See it. Actually the US constitution prohibits government officials from accepting gifts from any king prince of foreign state. But we're in a post constitutional country. So I guess that document means nothing to this administration. So who cares? But it it, think about this outside of it just being widely illegal. These guys fund terrorist organizations. How do we know they can't just make this plane fall out the sky? And I know the Secret Service is gonna do a sweep of the plane, but it's probably loaded with listening devices and tracking devices.


They gonna have so much intel on our country. Why? Nah, you ain't, you Ain't beware of the noble gesture. No, it's a Trojan horse. Oh no. Alright, Charles, switching gears. Baseline tariffs of 10% are likely to stay in place as the US negotiates trades deals with countries around The World. Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick told CNN State of the Union that foreign companies and countries and not foreign companies and countries and not Americans will birth bear the burden of those tariffs. And Lutnick says trade deals with other countries will help American businesses. Let's take a listen to Howard Lutnick. We Will not go below 10%. That is just not a place we're going to go.


We'll, country by country address their particular issues. Of course we're going to have our shelves full of wonderful products made around The World, but we're gonna make sure on their shelves that American products are finally given the fair treatment that they deserve. So Treasury Secretary Scott Benson said the Trump administration is closing in on a trade deal with China in a post on social media. President Trump described the meeting as very good, saying there was great progress made. And of course, following the weekend's talk in Switzerland. Vincent said the two countries have agreed to pause their reciprocal tariffs for 90 days with both sides lowering their rates by 115%. Chinese goods had been hit with tariffs as high as 145% under the Trump administration.


And Beijing in turn applied a 125% levy on some US goods. But it looks like things are going to try, or at least they're trying to strike a deal where some of that eases and bringing things to home to you guys in New York. Last story, the Department of Justice is releasing scores of documents in the permanently dropped federal corruption case of New York City Mayor Eric Adams. The release comes as Adams met privately with Donald Trump on Friday in Washington DC to talk about various issues impacting New York City and New Yorkers. Let's take a listen to their comments. I think he came in to thank me, frankly, thank Emini here I would be, I would say the primary reason. But he, he was very nice.


He's a nice man to Talk about infrastructure, to talk about the coordinations we could have major projects and all the things that New York's feel are important. So the judge in this case had ordered their release, the release setting the Friday. Friday as the deadline and after media outlets demanded to see more of these documents. Now more than 1000 pages were released that include court exhibits and unredacted warrants. The DOJs dismissing of the case also has stirred up a lot of controversy saying that many feel like Adams is indebted to President Trump. And would you say Charlamagne from the audio? Thank him? Oh no, because it just, it is just the way he said it. He, he basically, he said he basically came to kiss the ring.


That's what, Yeah. Yeah. President Trump. President Trump alluded to Adam saying that he thought he came over there to, to pretty much thank him. But he did say he was a nice guy. So, you know, I don't know. I'm curious to see what New Yorkers think. You know, I know y'all got an election coming up, so I'm not gonna get too much into that. But yeah, that's your front page news. You can follow me on socials at Morgan Media. And for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@binews.com. And yes, congratulations to all the graduates. Like you mentioned, envy and Howard University actually set a record. They had their largest graduating class in history. Oh wow. 3,160 students in the school's history. The oldest was 72 and the youngest was 19.


Isn't that a beautiful thing? That is, that's, that Is amazing. I just wanna put that out there. A little positive note. Some, some that's a little glimmer of light. You know what, Emini here. So To all the, all the graduates of 20 25, 20 22, 5 graduating class, you see y'all. Period. Period. All right y'all, y'all have a good one. Alright. Thank You too girl. Now when we come back, Lizzo will be joining us. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is here as well. And we got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. Lizzo special. Hi. Hey, welcome.


What's everybody, how do feel? Feel? I feel good. You, You, you, you look good. Everybody talks about, you know, your, your physical appearance and how you lost weight. But to me, I see somebody that has changed mentally and spiritually. I see somebody that's on a healing journey. 'cause you got a glow about you. You definitely have a glow. Glow. So mysterious. Yeah. Thank you. I, I well that's where it starts. I think I had to start with, you know, cleaning out my mind and my energy and clearing out all of the negativity around me. And I feel like I released so much I was holding onto and then it starts to manifest physically as well. Like that's why I don't call it a weight loss. I do call it a weight release because it started, I got snatched here first and then my body just followed suit.


So yeah, I do feel amazing. I feel like I've always been in a good place 'cause I'm always a positive person. But I think that I was not aware of just like how much toxicity has started to kind of come around in my life. And I had a really beautiful period of isolation and clearing of that energy. And now I just feel like, oh, I was holding on to so much. You gotta let go. It's hard for me. I'm a Taurus. Yeah. So I, I'll hold, I'll hold on. Yeah. Hardheaded, stubborn, loyal, you know, so, but I, I I'm so glad you feel that it is an aura thing. Yeah, you Could definitely tell. And you said PIL Pilates helped a lot with it too, right?


I started out with Pilates. Yeah. 'cause my back was hurting And I was the best way to get moving. But I do a lot of things. I strength train, I do yoga, sculpt, I hike, I play pickleball. I got a water bike. You know the little bike you put in the pool, You just, Pilates was one of the best. I did Pilates with my daughter. Wait, you Do Pilates? Yeah. Yeah. My daughter wanted me to go with her so excited because I didn't want to go at first. But it was, you know, it was, you do some stuff with your daughter. Yeah, And I did it. She's 21, 23 and she took me to do Pilates. Yeah. And it was the most amazing thing. All my aches, all my pains. Yeah. I was able to stretch it out. It was, it was, I'm the only guy in there. S Right. Which is crazy because Pilates, that's a man.


His name is Joseph Pilates. Correct. A man created it and, and it's designed to help you with longevity. So he lived to be like, well Emini here. I think he passed away in a house fire. But he could have lived to be like 200 years old. They just gotta change the music a little bit sometimes that music, it just don't be for me. What They be playing Lizzo? No, don't be playing Liz stuff that motivates you to keep doing it. Sometimes I just need a little trap. Pilates, what you wanna hear some little trap music. So Trap Pilates is crazy. You better trademark that for somebody taking in Atlanta. Actually one of our friends up there has that I Weezy we does Trap Do Trap Does Trap s that Trap House Fitness Weezy Does that. She has a spot in New York that does trap Pilates. We, from the Decision to Decisions podcast, she has an actual place called Trap House Fitness.


And that's what they do. It's direct Pilates. Okay, but is it called Trap Pilates? Because I'm a, I'm a branding girl. I'm a trademark that It is Trap House Fitness. I don't know, I don dunno know if Trap. Oh that's cool. Well, okay. Trap Pilates is not taken. Listen, it's a billion dollar idea. There You go. You've Always had a form of self-love that people can see. But I feel like it's just more radical Now. Yeah, I I think it, it has to be, I I have to fight for it a little bit more. But I think I always had to fight for it though actually. I just think it's just like, and as your life changes and different things happen to you, you gotta, you know, move differently. Yeah. Yeah. I, I think it's just a life thing. Like you can't handle every situation in your life the same. You get older, you grow up. Everybody can relate to that.


At what point in your career did you get to this point where like, you even talk about that side of it more? 'cause I feel like when you first came out, even when you did talk about like stuff that wasn't as positive, you still kept it so positive. But now that you stream, you really get into like how you feel for real, what you going through you like. And it, it was a lot more protected when Lizzo first came on the scene. From what I felt like the brand was protected a little bit more. But now you're taking control over a lot more. I don't know, I just think people know me a little bit more. So I think I'm able to communicate things and not put a bow on it or have a happy ending because y'all just know me more. I think when I first came out people didn't know me.


So the brand is very like one note. 'cause it is like, oh that's that girl that's the happy girl who be twerking with the flute. Yeah. You know, and, and but that happens to everybody. Like any artist, you just become like a thing, you're not a person. But I think the more we get to know artists and the longer they're in the game, the brand becomes more multi multifaceted And I think mine just expanded a little bit more. So I feel more comfortable communicating And I also, I feel safer on stream talking about these kinds of things. 'cause I know I'm in a room with people who get me. Y'all understand me, you know me so I can tell you how the I'm feeling or what I went through and you know, these real moments that I have, I can share that. And I heard you, you, you were saying that people are kinder there as well.


Like it's a, a better sense of community on Twitch and streaming that. That's good. When did you, were you scared to before? Were you scared to dive into that part? You know, I always kind of flirted with it 'cause I love like running my mouth And I love talking And I love talking to my fans. I've always been this person like with my social media. So I had a whole twitch set up in my house just ready to go. And I was like, I was like I want a whole streaming set up, da I want games. All of that, the Sims and it was just in my house sitting there And I was kind of intimidated by it. I would walk by it every day and be like, one of these days I'm a stream one of these days. And then I remember my friend Solana, she was like, I'm about to be on Ana, like pull up with me.


And I was and literally I was like when she was like in two hours I said okay, let me get myself together and like pull up with my friend. Yes. SSA girl you said my friend Alanna, a lot of people might not know you're talking about who she was talking about. I know. You know, but the actress period person might not know I just had where you at the, I just like average people might not know that. You're just casually talking about I am so sorry. Rewind the track. So hit you said she was Sosa hit me and was like, I'm about to be on Ana in like two hours. Can you pull up with me? And I was like, yeah I'm gonna pull up with you. 'cause I'm like, I was so afraid. 'cause it's like he has like hundreds and hundreds of thousands damn near million people watching and commenting in real time.


Oh God, that's terrifying. So I said, you know what I'm gonna pull up, I'm gonna ride with my friend. And I was like, if, if anybody got anything negative to say, they'll say it about me. God damnit. You know. So I pulled up And I had so much fun And I was reading the chat and they were like, yeah W Lizzo. Yeah W csa. Yeah. Lilly Mos and shit. And I was like, oh they're so nice. And that made me feel comfortable with diving into my own channel. I made Lizzo be twitching and, and Kai got me like 40,000 subscribers in like two seconds. He was like, everybody go spam Lizzo be twitching right now. Wow. And they all followed it And I was like, okay now I have to stream because they just gonna be sitting in there, you know, building a cachet.


So that really is it the helps therapeutic? What'd you say? Is it therapeutic? Absolutely. Okay. I have to run my mouth. I'm a life path three, I'm a communicator. So therapy was the beginning of that. Like, that saved my life. Having, being able to talk to somebody once a week and just run my mouth and figure out my issues. And I feel like when I communicate, when I write music, when I sing songs, when I go on tour, when I talk to people, it is very healing. It is very connecting. I need to connect. Yeah. To feel good. I can't be disconnected. I go actually insane. I've learned. You mean you can't be disconnected from people? Yeah. I can't be disconnected from people. Wow.


I go insane. Wow. So at what, so at a point where you said you had to step back and isolate, that was kind of hard for you too. Since you had to Emini here. I know you had to do it and it all, you know, made sense and it, it made sense in the end, but it still was challenging for you. Yeah. 'cause you have to be connected to people, a person like that, it was a little insanity, but I think in, in a little period of insanity can be helpful. 'cause you have to do really hard work. Yeah. And I was at a point in my life where I, the, the internet hated me And I could not trust the people around me. Like friends, family, coworkers. And I was severely depressed.


And now I feel like I know who I am. I know whose I am. And can't nobody shake that because once I reintroduced myself back into connecting with people and friends and trusting the internet and you know, I'm like, I know who I am. I move with a different kind of confidence. We're still kicking it with Lizzo. Lauren. Does it get on your nerves though, that sometimes every single thing you do, people still relate it to like wanting to talk about you in certain ways? Like you were at the Met Gala, the outfit went off. Every headline though is about your weight loss and not about how good you look. And I think that that's unfair and that happens a lot with you. Does that get annoying to you where it's like, I can't move around that. Like people always wanna talk about me? Well I signed up for it. It, I knew when, you know, back in 2014 and big girls weren't wearing leotards on stage.


And I said, I'm about to put me on one of these Beyonce dance leotards and I'm about to have big girls behind me wearing them too. 'cause I, I knew that my body would be the focus of that conversation. And it was something that, because it was unavoidable, I either, I could hide and run from it and it, and people are, are gonna do it anyway. You know, it's like the big girl wearing your arms out theory. It's like we know your arms big, whether you, you know, cover it up or not. We know your arms big something either enjoy the outfit and wear your arms out right. Or cover your arms up. But we know we, we know what it is. So for me it was just like, I'm just gonna run head first into it.


What I didn't know is that it would never go away. That's not Emini here. It's Every, no matter how, how much my body changes, it's never gonna go away. But I think that I have to just like accept that and I'm, I'm actually cool with it. It doesn't annoy me because I look good, you know? And even when I was bigger, I looked good. So it's like, say what you want. But there was always someone in the comments being like, yeah, but she's still beautiful and she looks soft and face card never declined. Gorgeous. Never Gorgeous. So what about the time? 'cause I was reporting when all the lawsuit stuff happened and you didn't say anything for a long time. Like Not at all. Which most people come out and say stuff. I was wondering the day that it was dropped, how did you feel?


Like, What was your thought process around that? Because you were in isolation at that point, right? I was in Japan. Yeah. How did Like, on a dream trip, Was it a breath of fresh air or did you feel like, but the conversation is still there and this is hard. Oh, it's very hard. 'cause I was confused. I was confused And I was a little like hurt. But I was in Japan with, it was my first time ever being in Japan. I was with my best friend and her kids. We were at Hello Kitty World. And I'm like crying in the car, but I'm like, okay, wipe your tears and go in there and have fun with the babies. 'cause we had Hello Kitty world and you only do this once with these kids who've never been to Japan and that's their dream. So I did a lot of balance in between that.


But I'll tell you one thing about Tokyo. They don't give a fuck what's going on in your personal life in Tokyo. They're like, listen, lemme take a picture. I'm like, okay. Like I had a great time. Like nobody's nosy in Japan. And I think being there was God for sure because though I was dealing with a lot of inner turmoil and hurt honestly, and shock and confusion, I was in this place that didn't reflect that or throw that back at me. I had my first panic attack when I came back to LA for the first time after everything, the lawsuit had dropped And I was in Japan for like a month. Wow. And I landed in America. I had a panic attack in the car because as I was walking through the airport, I was like, everybody hates me.


Everybody's, you know, I got in my head And I got in the car And I, I had this like, you thought you was having a Heart attack? Yeah. I had this like pressure on my chest. Mind you, I've had anxiety attacks that feels different than a panic attack. I had pressure on my chest. I said, something's really wrong. I couldn't use my limbs or my body. Mm. And I was like, I literally crawled to my bed and just like broke down. And I was like, what's happening to me? Mm. And I talked to my doctor and he was like, yeah, you had a panic attack. Been Dealing with him my whole life. Yeah. And, And I think America, everybody want to know everybody business here. So I as assume I, it's this weird, almost like invisible, I'm not a victim so I don't wanna say attack, but it was like, you know, this pressure or this like, I don't know, it is like implied energy in America where I'm like, oh, I need to hide versus Japan.


I could be a Hello Kitty world. And everyone's like, yeah, yeah, You were attacked, you were a victim, you were attacked. I was raised, I knew you were attacked. You say, but, but it's like, No, when somebody lies on you, you were a victim. Yeah. Yeah. Man. Is that when people, is that when you started thinking people hated you? Because I, I wonder, do you remember what the industry felt like or what, what social media even felt like before that lawsuit? It felt very like silly and lighthearted And I had like a lot of freedom to just scroll And I see nothing about me. And then I was on And I would scroll and every like three scrolls it was And I was like, oh. I'd be like listen, hey, what Up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year.


Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode.


Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all.


Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just start in your field or even look at to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Hi, I'm Christian Davis, host of the podcast. Are you a Charlotte? What we have all been waiting for. Sarah Jessica Parker is here and she is sharing stories from the very beginning, like the time she forgot. We filmed the pilot episode. I Remember some things about shooting the pilot, right? I have some memories I can fill you in And that you're gonna fill me in. Yes. But then you forgot about it in the very, very long time. They took About it And she reveals what she thought when she read the script for Sex and the City. The very first time he Said he wrote this like I was in his head in some way, which I found really interesting. And does she think Carrie is too good for Mr. Big Shit inexplicable feelings? It is. Got it. The human being that can't explain to her friends why somebody that might be beneath her Yes. Is dictating the hunt. You Can't miss this. Listen to, are you a Charlotte on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Yo, it's your boy Bohan and I'm bringing you something epic. Epic. Introducing the K factor, the podcast that takes you straight into the heart of K-Pop. We're talking music reviews, exclusive interviews and deep dives into the industry like never before. From producers and choreographers to idols and trainees. We're bringing you the real stories behind the music that you love. And yeah, we're keeping it a hundred. Discussing everything from comebacks and concepts to the mental health side of the business. Because K-Pop isn't just a genre, it's a whole world and we're exploring every corner of it. And here's the best part. Fans get to call in drop opinions and even join us live at events. You never know where we might pop up next. So listen to the KF factor on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. This isn't just a podcast, it's a movement. Are you ready? Let's go, let's go. Let go.


If I just see two Z's, I, my heart start racing And I scrolling could have been pizza, but I was like that And I just kept scrolling. So it, it felt, it felt a little bit more hostile. But I'll say in general, I think the internet has gotten more hostile for everybody. Oh yeah. Everything like outta nowhere. It used to be so fun and lighthearted and now everybody is beefing and quarreling and dropping tea and, and I'm just like, whoa, when did this happen? But that's when it happened for me. Like I was like, oh, I have to get off. And so from I would say October, 2023 to maybe even like April, 2024, I wasn't on my phone at all.


I threw my phone away. Like I had my team post things for me. 'cause I had, I had to post about Yi And I had to post about, you know, little things I wanted to share with people. I didn't wanna completely disappear 'cause that's not who I am. But my team posted it for me. And I did not scroll, I did not look at the internet because I, I was too sensitive And I think, I don't think I could have handled it. And I'll also say this in reference to the, the lawsuit. I would say in light of all of the other like high profile lawsuits that have been coming out comparatively, the allegations against me, I think now we see were just like kind of ridiculous. Yeah. You know, I cracked my knuckles. Hey man, you sounded like a good time in the strip club to me.


And and mind you, it was going to the strip club. It doesn't say that I did anything. Like I, I didn't do anything to anyone in that strip club. Just went to the strip club and then like being fat phobic for firing someone for gaining weight. That just wasn't true. Crazy. But that was hilarious. It wasn't true though. I know, but just to, to, it was hilarious and just to read that right, because it didn't make sense what, what I'm talking about. But that's why nobody believes it. It's like Right. But I, but I also have to say like, one of my fears is I don't want my situation and my lawsuit to be an indicator on any other that's going on. I don't want it to invalidate any other actual re because I will always stand for real victims of, of sexual harassment and sexual violence and anything.


And I will always stand for them and ride for them. So I don't want what happened to me to kind of invalidate anything else going on in The World. And that was really important to me. Which is why I was quiet Yeah. For a long time. 'cause I still want to protect victims. Right. So how does that not change you? Right. How does that not change Liz as a person? Right. It did though, because now do you still go out with people? Do you still feel it's free? Do you, are you still the lizard dad? Oh baby. No. Hell, hell no. Right baby. Yeah. I, you see what I'm saying? Because It it, it changes you as a person. And is that a good thing or bad thing? I think it's an amazing thing. Why I am, you know what? God really loves me. I, I have to say that. And I feel like everything that happens to me is God. And God is preparing me for something that I don't even know about.


But I feel like I readied myself now. I as a, I feel like a boss. Like I feel like a better boss. I feel like a better friend. I feel like I know how to run a, a big operation. You know? 'cause mind you, back to the pandemic thing, I blew up in 2020. In 2019. I had maybe four crew members. I had one roadie, I had a tour manager in two dancers. And then The World shut down in, in 2020. And I blew up And I did my first arena tour after being in isolation for two years. And I'm suddenly standing in a room with 70, 80 people that I, I'm like, I don't, I don't, I wanna know everybody's names that works for me. And it was really weird. And I got a crash course and being an arena level artist, a big artist, like after literally being a indie artist for 10 years and being in isolation for two years.


So by the time I was running a arena level operation, I didn't have no practice in that. I didn't have no experiences. And I learned the hard way how to be a boss, but I'm gonna be a better boss for it. And I'm really proud of myself. Yeah. If, if you're on my payroll, we're not going to the bar. We're not gonna have drinks together. You not, you know what I'm saying? The Breakfast Club will go with you to the shrimp. But I got friends for that. I got friends for that. Right. Okay. I got two friends. That's good. Else My best friend. Alexa Doo from H Town. Shout out Houston, Texas and shout out Shante. We're still kicking it with Lizzo.


Charlamagne. So what do you, how do you decide like what's for the stage or what's for the public and what's sacred now? Hmm. There's a lot that's sacred. You know, my my my barometer for what's for The World, if you really love something, keep it a secret. If so, there are things that I protect now that, you know, before I didn't think it of it as protection. I thought of it as like, oh my gosh, like I'm keeping something from my fans. I'm keeping something from the public. Like, I want you guys to see this. Like, you should see this. Like, I literally like the term hard launch. I, that was me, you know? 'cause I was like, gosh, like love, like I want y'all to see this. This is so beautiful.


And then The World got two seconds of my relationship And I was like, oh y'all, y'all don't know how to act. I Was literally just looking, y'all know how to act. I was looking to see. I'm like, she ain't posted him in a minute. Y'all Know how to act. You, you lost your privileges. She said animals. Yeah. So all yeah, all that cute, all that black love ah, back in the vault. That's dope. Yeah. That's Dope. Emini here. Maybe I only saw the, the positive stuff because I thought I saw a lot of people that were happy for you. I, after Doing that when it Came to man. Yes. Yeah. But it was that bad. 'cause I, I was literally on my Instagram looking. I'm like, I ain't See her post In a minute. No. You know what People, people were really positive. This isn't about like people, I do think that, you know, I don't wanna give nobody an opportunity to destroy something good.


And I found that it wasn't really necessarily about my relationship that people did that. It was other things, my other relationships where that happened. And I was like, I don't even want to give you the opportunity. No shade. Like no disrespect. I love everybody. Thank you for being so cool. But due to new management in my personal life, I have to, I have to protect this because I saw so much get destroyed by lies. Yeah. And I didn't want that to happen to my relationships. So it's very protected. Yeah. Do we have Any tear jerkers on love in real life? We do. There's one song in particular that had to lead a room. There was like, it ran out. I said, I'm sorry.


I had like, aw, I'm gonna get sad. Even though it's not Emini here. It's a good, good. Sometimes I feel sad, it's, well, it can be a good thing. I wrote a, i I lost my, my dog. I lost my dog PCA and she was 20 years old. Can you see? Can you, what kind of dog? Oh, she lived a long life. Maltese. Yeah. And I lost her like in the thick of it December 20, 23 when I was like at my most depressed. And then she left And I was like, mind you, 20 years. Like she like a grandma to me. Yeah. You know? And that really broke me down. And I wrote a song about it, but it wasn't just about puka. I, she said I sampled her voice on the song, but it was about loss in general.


You know, I lost my father very young. And, and so it was a song about grief and death. And I was like, don't put this on your album. Like, I'm the happy girl. I'm the positive spin, you know, I was like, you know what? I owe it to myself, not just to my fans or to to myself to put a song like this on my album. And so there is a moment in there it's called Phone to Heaven. And so that's a little tear jerker. Yeah. For people who listen to your music. They know why you're successful. Right. But then you have some people who feel like you were only successful because at the time people were checking off boxes. You are black woman, you are big, you know, diversity, all of that type of stuff.


What do you say to those people? I would say that I created that lane. I don't think people were looking for diversity. I was undeniable. And that created the trend of checking boxes. I don't disagree that at a certain point we, we started checking boxes when it comes to checking a box of black fat woman, I'm a ride for that every time. I don't care. I'm rooting for everyone black and I'm rooting for everyone. Fat, black and woman, I don't care. You don't have to, if you not the most talented person in The World and you got pushed through, yay. Because it happens to other people all the time who don't look like that and we deserve it. But but you not big no more Lizzo. I Am big what we talk about.


No, you not. You Not Liz Baby. I'm big. No, she's not the biggest Say I'm the biggest. She's not big. You No more said that. So Now, okay, I'm in a room full of people I trust. Right. The internet is like, oh, Lizzo skinny now I am, I am well over 200 pounds. Yeah. Do you know what I'm saying? I'm five foot nine. But you're clearly trending in a different direction. I'm, I got doubled numbered pants on right now. But you, I'm trying to be skinny though. I would say you playing lose My weight. Hell no. No, no. Okay. Yeah. 'cause I think that you look amazing. Thank you. I think are you saying that you're bigger than what an industry standard is?


Because you're not big, but yes, you are bigger than what some people would determine an industry standard. But yes. But that standard is like gone. It's 20, 25 people. I don't even think Probably next to any pop star right now. Like I'm still bigger than them. Do you know what Emini here? Yeah, I get What you're saying. Is there a version of Lizzo we haven't seen yet? And are you afraid Toho? I'm not afraid, but I'm protective. I think, I think protection can be fear based. Sometimes a lot of people, like a protective mother is like, oh, I'm afraid something might happen to my child. Let me be overly protective. So sometimes there's a, like, if y'all saw how I really, you know, am sometimes like when I'm working I feel like people wouldn't understand.


And it's like, 'cause I'm a very hard worker. I actually am like, ask anybody in this industry, they're like, she wanted the hardest working. And I, I think the, because I'm fat, like the trope of oh she lazy or whatever comes in And I get that put on me. And so people don't put me in the category of the, the hardworking divas that we all know and love today. But I work very hard And I don't show that side because you get to just enjoy the show. You get to just enjoy the product. But though I work hard, I'm very kind to the people who I work with. I'm very measured. I'm very fair. But it gets real.


I love to work, but I'm not gonna pull back the curtain and show there's other artists who do that. Like Beyonce pulls back the curtain for us and we see her work ethic And I respect that And I love that. And I'm like, exactly. When I see how she works, when she put that black hoodie on, I'm like, exactly. 'cause that's how the, I get down too, down to the lighting, down to the timing, down to the sounds and the sonics of the music we put that work in and the, and we don't show y'all because you're gonna say, oh, she's a hmm like black women especially. Oh, she's a so it's like we don't even wanna show y'all because y'all are gonna judge us. But we need, but I love when Beyonce does it because it puts respect on it. That's how we get down. So that, that part, I'm not gonna pull back the curtain because I already got enough allegations against me.


Thank you. Thank you for the conversation. Absolutely. Keep doing the work man. I love to see you glow up MINDBODY and Spirit. Thank you. Blessings to you. Amen. It is, listen, that was great y'all. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's dj, JNV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a free face off. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. Well she gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything And She be having the latest on you. The latest with Lauren la Sometimes you have facts, sometimes you have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What was the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk, talk to me. So Iman Shumpert is asking for Tiana Taylor to be held in criminal contempt of court and to be thrown in jail for 20 days.


Okay, now y'all going too far? Come on Aman. For what? Well this is what, so he he's basically saying that when Tiana Taylor spoke out, remember we reported in the room about the, the divorce agreement that they had. And Yep. People were saying she got this, she got that and she came out and spoke for herself. She went live on Instagram and did a video and she spoke for herself. He's saying because of that she was, she's in contempt because their agreement, which they reached back in July of 2024, stated that neither one of them were supposed to talk about terms of what the agreement was. And she went online and she did. So. So I have the audio from that live. Let's take a listen to Tiana on Iman in reputation. Of course a person is willing to leak some that make them look like a victim.


And I'm literally going to my ex-husband, keep in mind me and Iman on good terms. I didn't even know we was beefing. So I had him on some, like, people was putting out these blogs and then, you know, somebody's kind of sending me a little bit of proof that you're paying to, to ship this stuff around to promote and help change your name. Like, you know, I'm like, but I don't wanna believe that it's you because we are in such a great space. Like, I got love for you for real, for real. I just like want to know if you could like stand up for me. 'cause Emini here, I feel like I've been standing up you for you to say I've been protecting you by staying silent. That's so like passive aggressive and like what you trying to say? You are protecting me by making me look like I took everything from you. I'm begging y'all to let me get my back blown out in peace.


All right. By I turn this hall So she couldn't, So that would've made me want to be see her in jail too though. That last line stop. It's the last line. The Backbone mama gotta have a light Too. I'm just talking about my ego. My ego would be so hurt. I wouldn't mind, you don't want your, your ex-wife or your baby mother going to jail for no matter, not 20 days, 10 minutes want you businesses, business court of courts, but that's still the mother of your child. You don't want her to go to jail because of gossip in the blogs. And then she didn't talk about any terms. Like she didn't say what she got or what she, she was responding. She just respond. So she did go into the terms of explaining what she got. We do have that audio as well. Let's say, listen, Y'all said that I won this luxury tour bus. I want a luxury sprinter. I want a luxury.


The Maybach And I won a a Jeep Gladiator. I bought those. I paid for those. Trust me, I've seen a lot of women in the comments be excited for me and say, yeah girl, as you should. No it's not. No as you should because I didn't, I walked away with what was mine. I came in with my own properties. He came in with his own properties. It's about four properties that both me and Iman put time, construction money, hundreds of thousands of dollars into our properties. We have four of those. He got two of those. And I got two of those. I'm not here to talk about any of our personal business. I'm here to talk about exactly what is on the internet that is making me look like I'm some type of villain.


So if it's already out there, why she can't tell you what's already out There? Because here's the thing, when it, when it, when the stories came out before they leaked, it wasn't Iman saying, Hey, here is what happened. Here's what we walked away with. There were just stories. He was stories. He Was just a little sneaky with it. Just a little sneakier with it obviously. Well, Emini here, that's what she's a lesbian in that first clip. And the reason why I played that is because Iman is saying that because she chose to get online and talk about the, the provisions and all these things that they, you know, came to terms on it violated financial circumstances, privacy, safety and security of the parties and their minor children. And he's saying that it actually resulted in him suffering a loss of income and damage to his personal and professional reputation. Well Take a legal, if you want to take a legal action I understand, but calling for her to get locked up.


That's, that's a bit much. I think the way, because also too, when you go and you say a person is in contempt, there's consequences to the contempt. And these are just what, that's what a, that's what a sign that is what is assigned with this. So it's not like he's making up, he's not saying y'all want her to go to jail. Like she's supposed to go to jail, jail Emini here. If, if you saying she's in contempt of court and you know, those are the consequences. Technically one plus one equal two. Yeah, but he's not the one like, Hey judge, this is what I think should happen. This is going too far. Yeah. Oh, oh, so Mr is going too far. Mom's not calling for this. Well this, if you know that there, these are the consequences as stated. When y'all agreed to this and then you go and say she violated this agreement. You can't say that. You're not asking for it to happen because you're saying she violated. If she violated Hold fe get In trouble. Hold on, hold on Ma, I'm confused.


Well, I thought that y'all said he called for her to go to jail. He didn't By him. By him and his attorneys going and saying to a judge, she's in contempt of court. You are asking for whatever consequences come with that contempt to the penalty happen. The penalty is jail for 20 days. Basically if you ask for it, that is the penalty and that's what's, but He's not saying put her in jail. Well I get what y'all saying, but he's not. Yes, no, he's not, he's Not saying that mouth Outta his mouth. No. But From, he just wants her to respect the guidelines of whatever the thing was. Yes. But the reason why this is being picked up that way because according to him, because she didn't, she could be looking at 20 days in jail in a fine. But envy what you saying Y'all said, I thought you were saying something. Okay.


No, I, I do wanna say, you know, let's, let's, let's think this through Amman. 'cause we don't need Tiana going to jail. I feel like this is misdirecting anger. But we need to focus on is how we get Mufasa in the zoo now. That's who we gotta get in the zoo. We get him in the zoo. What are you talking about? Why she Can't get her back blown House. That is what, that's girl, that's the mind that's bothering him. I know it. I know that's what it's she getting back now. Foster in the zoo. That's what we gotta Focus on. Met Gala with Ruth E. Carter looking good. She can her black blown out. I think Black. The black black Might, that might be happening too, depending on how Good it is. When you, you know, when you get your black blown out, you sleeping with a white man, that's when you get your black blown out.


Shut Up man. Aaron Pierre Mufasa is not a white man, but I know that. But allegedly They're saying it's, it is all lies. And and the only reason that this keeps coming up is 'cause every time Tiana does something special or new it, something comes out. That's what they're saying. Who's they? I don't know. Okay. Read between the lines, Lauren. Oh, I just wanted to make sure that we, because the, They be people on Online. The line between them pen scraps on your court. That's what they're saying. She had an amazing time at the Met Gala. Everybody was talking about her outfits and now something comes out. So they're saying every time something happens, great for Tiana, you hear some bs, Man, when that black get blown out, it's going to be what's gonna happen there. But yeah, so that, that's it. I I just want them to, you know, separate and just Emini here. They're separated, but just go and live y'all separate lives and just, this is, this is a lot.


There's kids involved. I don't know Aman personally like that. I, I know Tiana, but I don't think Aman would want that. Aman wouldn't want Tiana. Nah, not. You don't wanna see your baby moms go to jail. The mother of your children, your ex-wife go to jail. No, you don't want to. You don't. Nobody wants to see that. No. Yeah, I would hope not. That's it. That's a Emini here. Oh no, I have more time. Nope. Oh, and then saying it off, you know she got a new movie coming out. Don't play with her. Tiana, she been working. So end it off on some good. You know what I'm Saying? Yeah. What's the movie? Is it the Straw? Is that Yes, it's called Ain't No The Damn Straw, it's just called Straw. Straw. No, because we talk about that dinner. Tiana. We said that it's a movie review Emini here, you know, premiering and they about to do Some things.


It's on Netflix. It's called Straw. And we're actually gonna go celebrate that Tyler Perry movie too. Yes, it is a Tyler Perry. Tyler Perry film. Yes, that Is. And she ironically plays a police officer. Yes. The movie follows a single mother who finds herself in a difficult situation, becomes entangled in events she never imagined. The cast also includes Sinbad and Mike Morrell. And it's a part of the FM's creative partnership with Netflix. Tyler Perry's creative partnership. Nice. All right, well that is the Latest one. Laura, watch Charlamagne. Yes, we give it down. We need the Trump administration to come to the front of the congregation. Okay. We'd like to have a word with him. Okay. Yes. We'll get to that Nexus, The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Donald J. Trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States.


Wouldn't you love to see one of these NFL owners when somebody disrespects our flag to say, get that son of a bitch off the field right now out. He's fired. He's fired. Trump, Please step Up to the congregation. Yes, you are A dead Trump. When Mexico sends its people, they're not sending their best. They're bringing drugs, they're bringing crime. They're, These are Jack Jackass. Yeah, it's donkey today for Monday May 12th. It is the 12th, right? Yes, it is the 12th. Yes. Goes to the Trump administration as a staff administration, record label and Mother Fing crew.


Now nobody floods the zone like the Trump administration. Okay? Every day, every hour, every minute, every second is something. And I could give them donkey today three or four times a week if I wanted to. But today America, we gotta talk. Okay? I don't know if you've seen the headline, but according to every news outlet, but I'm gonna quote a b, C news right now, the headline. And listen to this, the Trump administration poised to accept palace in the sky as a gift for Trump from Qatar. Yes. And what may be the most valuable gift ever extended to the US from a foreign government. The Trump administration is preparing to accept a super luxury Boeing 7 47 8 jumbo jet from the royal family of Qatar. You can't make this up. Let's go to CBS news for the report please.


The Gulf Nation of Qatar says, the gift of a luxury jumbo jet to serve as a presidential aircraft for Donald Trump is quote, under consideration, whatever it is, gift or plan. It comes as the President prepares for a three nation trip to the Middle East. President Trump has already toured the 7 47 dash eight. It happened in February when the luxury jet was flown to Palm Beach, Florida. CBS News has learned it's poised to be a gift from Cutter's royal family. It is not ready for presidential use and would need to be retrofitted the president who departs Monday to Saudi Arabia, Qatar and the UAE will use one of the seven 40 sevens that have served as Air Force one since the first President Bush.


The value of the gift from a foreign power is sparking legal and ethical concerns. Maryland Democrat, Jamie Raskin posting on X, the Constitution is perfectly clear, no present of any kind, whatever from a foreign state without congressional permission. The White House Press Secretary says the administration will comply with the law. Oh, it's cutter cutter a $400 million gift. Okay, eject. Listen. C-N-N-M-S-N-B-C, Fox all media outlets. Let's not do the dumb thing y'all do when you ask answers I hate when I'm watching these networks. CNN does it the most by the way. They ask answers. For example, they will say, is Donald Trump accepting this plane from Qatar?


Illegal? Then they debate it and then we, the people are sitting back at home not processing the information the way that we should because we are looking at it through the lens of, is Trump taking the plane wrong? Is Trump taking the plane? Right? When there's only one answer, it is absolutely wrong. Okay? The US Constitution prohibits government officials from accepting gifts from any King Prince, our foreign state. Full stop. Now, Trump posted on social media. So the fact that the defense department is getting a gift free of charge of a 7 47 aircraft to replace the 40-year-old Air Force one temporarily in a very public and transparent transaction so bothers the crooked Democrats that they insist we pay top dollar for the plane.


It's not just Democrats that I saw complaining about this, okay? A lot of Trump's own supporters were complaining about this as well. And he said, it's very public and transparent. Just because you sell dope, commit a murder or rob somebody in broad daylight in front of a bunch of people, doesn't make it any less of a crime. Okay? If it's one thing we've learned from politicians over the past decade is that corruption can be very public and very transparent. Okay? Now, in the Constitution it says, you are prohibited from accepting gifts from foreign states without the consent of Congress aiming to prevent undue foreign influence on US officials. So critics argue that accepting such a valuable gift like this jet estimated at 400 million without congressional approval could be unconstitutional.


Now listen, I'm not about to sit up here and act like I'm some constitutional scholar, but outside of this being unconstitutional, widely illegal, why would you take a gift from people who fund terrorist organizations that kill a lot of Americans and why? You know, I say take the gift. I'm simply saying, why would you trust these people? When I say take the gift, I'm simply saying, why would you trust these people? Beware the noble gesture. Okay, we know what that means, right? It's a warning that an ag motivated by generosity may actually be a deceptive or manipulative, manipulative move. Yes, appearances can be deceiving and you should be cautious when evaluating someone's motives behind a gesture.


First of all, these people are not gifting a $400 million plane out of the goodness of their heart. Okay? Come on Trump administration, y'all at least have to know that this gift comes with a lot of strings attached to it. And what makes you think that these folks can't cut those strings at any given time? Once again, these people fund terrorist organizations. How do we know they can't make this plane fall outta the sky anytime they want to? How do we know this plane isn't just a big ass bomb? I know the Secret Service will do a sweep of the plane, but how do we know it's not loaded with listening devices, tracking devices? They are potentially going to have so much intel on our country. And none of this would happen if this administration, the Trump administration, simply moved with ethics and did things in a constitutional way.


Please give the Trump administration the BC Hall, Just move with some ethics and in a constitutional way and we wouldn't have none of these problems. Wouldn't be a discussion. Alright, well thank you for that donkey today. Now when we come back 805 8 5 1 0 5 1, we're gonna open up the phone lines. Now this conversation comes from an experience that Jess had over the weekend in Detroit. She's gonna break it down. Absolutely. And the question is, is do you find it harder to support black-owned businesses? Now that is the question and Jess will explain when we come back.


(800) 585-1051. Phone lines are wide open is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Steady calling my Phone, Man. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. We are The Breakfast Club DJ MV Jess, Hilarious Charlemagne nigga guy. Now if you're just joining us, we open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051 and we're asking, do you find it harder to support black-owned businesses? Now this conversation comes from an experience that Jess had over the weekend. Yes, I did. So I just wanna start off by saying I love Detroit, I love my fans, I love my supporters.


What dope. Absolutely I love them. But I was handled terribly at one mic Comedy club and I'm upset for myself and quite frankly for my damn fans too. I did three, I did this club for three reasons, right? They sold me on the lie that it was, you know, Mike pps, comedy club, he's the og of course. Me being a standup comedian who wouldn't wanna perform in Mike PPS Comedy Club Two prior to me going, they told me that Damon WANs was there only for me to get there, right? And see that it was Damon Williams. Yo, shut up. I swear to God, I don't know no damn Damon Williams. And I'm sorry sir. You might be a fine comedian. That's right, but I don't know you. They said Damon WANs three. It's a black owned venue, right?


So when I go to Detroit, I usually do MGM, Fox Theater. The very first club I did, there was black owned club. Punchline. Should have went back there, right? But I did this then everybody claimed that theater owner, right? The manager who claimed to be the owner first. Her name is Kimberly Moore. She originally did the deal and tried to change the deal terms many times after the deal was already done. So it was supposed to have been three shows when I saw the tickets was selling for every show, but the brunch, right? I went And I seen that she was selling the tickets for $90. Like, are you stupid? Nah, I didn't. That's not even what the, Hey, what up Y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year.


Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car.


The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Taking the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Hi, I'm Kristen Davis, host of the podcast. Are you a Charlotte? What we have all been waiting for. Sarah Jessica Parker's here and she is sharing stories from the very beginning, like the time she forgot. We filmed the pilot episode. I Remember some things about shooting the pilot, right? I have some memories I can fill you in And that you're gonna fill me in. Yes. But then you forgot about it in the very long time they took to pick Out, forgot About it. And she reveals what she thought when she read the script for Sex and City. The very first time he said He wrote this like I was in his head in some way, which I found really Interesting. And does she think Carrie is too good for Mr. Big? She Had inexplicable feelings.


It is. Got it. The human being that can't explain to her friends why? Somebody that might be beneath her yes, is dictating the hunt. You Can't miss this. Listen to, are you a Charlotte on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. Yo, keep up is it's your boy Bohan and I'm bringing you something epic. Epic. Introducing the K factor, the podcast that takes you straight into the heart of K-Pop. We're talking music reviews, exclusive interviews and deep dives into the industry like never before from producers and choreographers to idols and trainees. We're bringing you the real stories behind the music that you love.


And yeah, we're keeping it a hundred. Discussing everything from comebacks and concepts to the mental health side of the business. Because K-Pop isn't just a genre, it's a whole world and we're exploring every corner of it. And here's the best part. Fans get to call in, drop opinions and even join us live at events. You never know where we might pop up next. So listen to the KF factor on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. This isn't just a podcast, it's a movement. Are you ready? Let's go, let's go, let's go. The deal was, per the deal that I signed off on, all tickets were supposed to be sold at $50.


So I told her to pull me from the brunch. She canceled altogether because she had no selling point now, right? Trying to make extra money on the side that don't work with me. Like why would you try to make a extra $40 on the side? That's not even, that's not even what, what we doing here, right? Then it's Mother's Day, that's why they not selling dumb ass is $90. Like what? So every performer has a writer. A writer is the list of things requested by the performer that's supposed to be in, be in a green room when you get there. Nothing from my rider was honored but three bottles of liquor, nothing. And when I campaign, when I communicated this to Kim, she lied and said that my rider was never sent from my manager. But how wasn't my rider sent from the manager when you knew what type of liquor to get me.


That was just the easiest for your cheap, lazy ass to do because they right behind the bar, those bottles was behind the bar. Then after the 9:00 PM show, as I promised, I did a meet and greet. I've been promoting this on the radio. You heard this? This is in all my promos online, everything right? Some man, random, I don't know who he is. I never met before. He never was in on a deal or nothing. He walks in and he attempts to shut it down. He said, nah, ain't doing none of that. So my husband, 'cause he was there, he was like, nah, we ain't doing nothing. What and who you supposed to be? The guy said this ish, whatever. This is Wayne. Wayne don't do no meet and greet and we gonna shut it down. I'm the owner. So Chris said, since everybody, the owner, I'm the owner too, and she gonna finish this meet and greet like she been promoting it and she promised, And I don't know how you never heard nothing about it.


And I don't know you to be the owner, you, you know, the owner. So he said, nah, this ain't what we doing. And so he, he starts walking toward where I'm doing the meet and greet at. So Chris put his arm up like on some step Stefan. So then the guy go from being the owner to I'm a cop. He said, I'm a cop that I don't, I don't advise you to do. I'm a cop. And, and, and so he said, all right, that's cool, but this is my wife And I don't know what you walking over to Warhouse for. So he said, you can go get the no after that. He said, yo, alright, well look, I'm securing Mike Michael Comedy Club talking about Mike pps. Now. Chris just laughed and was like, all right, go get Kim. Go get Kim. Chris said, Chris ain't Scared no cop if he said he was an ice agent. That's shut up man. Shut up. Oh go ahead.


Listen to me. The guy, the, you know, officer owner security, he went to go get Kim. We, we continue doing meet and greet. First of all, the guy comes back and he's fussing at my fans, telling them that they have to leave. Mm. They like the fans looking like, you know Detroit ain't they? They like, nah, nah, we ain't going nowhere. They wanna see the drama too, but they like, nah, we, we, we wanna, we pay for a meet and greet. Right. So then Kim comes over, this is the person that we've been doing a deal with the whole time. She looks right in my husband eye, yo and she says, we never advise, we never signed off on a meet and greet. We never even knew she was doing this. We can't do this. It's getting too late. It's about to be, it's after 12 o'clock, we can't do this. I wanted to punch her fat ass right in her face. Yo. Like lied. How do you lie? Yo I've been promoting this.


This is crazy. So now my fans in the uproar 'cause I charged $40 a picture and, and they, they already submitting their money. So Chris like, yo, we gonna do this. So they, there ain't, ain't nobody bing nothing. We finished the meet and greet. Right? And then after that, the guy I, I wanted to say something to the guy. So he's like, what guy that The other owner that's A cop? Yeah, the owner that's a cop. And he also said he's security. He's like, yeah, I'm, I just wanna let you know that it was horrible communication with YI said, no, your communication is is with Kim, Kimberly Moore or whoever. And, And I was also referred to the club by some guy named Harry, supposed to be an attorney that worked with the club and everything. And a and according to Mike, you know, according to Kim who kind of sort of told me this, Mike don't even want nothing to do with the club.


But she tried to make it seem like that Mike don't want nothing to do with the club because some other crap, no, he don't want nothing to do with it because this right here. Mm. All of this man that falls on him after talking to some other people there, it, it is been so many managers that has come and gone. They don't like the way it's ran. They don't pay people on time. And that was the problem. The real problem was after 12 o'clock they would have to pay their staff a whole for another day over Time. Yeah. A day and a Half or something. And they didn't, they wanted to have some type of money, make some type of money off my meet and greet. That's not how I work. That's not what I do. So you can't do that. You know what Emini here. So I, I would, it's a horrible reflection on Mike apps. 'cause even online, according to Google, he is listed as the owner, but he ain't even man this, that's, that's horrible.


I don't advise any other comedian to go here. My fans were upset, I'm upset. I was not treated like Jess. Hilarious. I love Detroit way too much to do that. I should have took my ass to the, the punchline. That's another black owned comedy club. But you know, that's more intimate, more small. I would have to do more shows to make them the amount of money that I make now. Like that, that that was there. I'm sorry you had that experience. You know, you know, it's not hard supporting black owned businesses. It's hard supporting terribly ran businesses. And the problem with terribly ran businesses, you don't know they terribly ran until you do business with them. Right? Yeah. Yeah. And that's why it's so important for the business to be up to par because if not, you gonna get a terrible review. Like Jess just gave this comedy club in Detroit. Yeah, Absolutely.


And the sad thing is, I actually, I DJ there before, but I didn't deal with the club. Yeah, Yeah. I dealt with I guess the alphas who rented the club out and hired me to perform. Mm. So when I went there, I didn't have to deal with management or nothing. And everybody was friendly and nice, but it sucks that you, you know, like you said it, you, you want to go to black owned business. And the sad thing about it is, is I love comedy. So I go to comedy clubs all over the place and it's very hard to find a black-owned com comedy show that's been in business for a long time. Yeah. So when you see one you wanna support and if people are not having a great time and comedians are not having the respect that they feel like they deserve or that they should get. Yeah, absolutely. Positively. Yeah. I don't think it's the, the black owned part though. It's just the terribly r part, you know what I'm saying? Because none of us have a problem supporting Black owned.


Not At all. Yeah. 'cause like I said, punchline. That's right. Perfect. Black owned, they, they treat me with such grace that's, they love me, they appreciate me. Yo, if it was not for my fans and the servers that was overworked, you know what I'm saying? Like, 'cause they got, they running, it's like two or three different sides to one mic. So they got all of them working on this side. The comedy A was upstairs and there's a do Yeah. Upstairs. Yeah. So it's just like, it is in a beautiful area. It's downtown, but it's like, it's not ran by the right people. And me and my fans were handled terribly like, you know what, Emini here. So I just, I would never ever go back. Never. And that's, that's, she won't go back because it's terribly ran. Yes. And Mike EP should get his name off that period. Alright. Because that, that's a bad reflection of him. Well, Let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051.


Do you find it harder to support black-owned businesses? Phone lines are, are, are crazy right now. So we'll answer some of your phone calls. Just The Breakfast Club. Good morning. If y'all talking about it, you know, we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion With The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now if you just joining us, Jess talked about her experience from a, a comedy club club restaurant out in Detroit. And we were talking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1.


Is it difficult? Is it hard or supporting black-owned businesses? A lot of people on the line. Hello, who's this? Yo Envy. You know the vibe Man is Mellow. Mellow. What's up? Life is amazing. It is what it should be happy about Belated Mother's Day. Jeff, Thank you Meow. And happy belated Mother's Day to you too. Laura Osa. I know them. Wig take a lot of care. You look great so much. Oh my God. Say mellow. Honestly, I'm actually very passionate about this topic because I had some very bad experiences with some black owned businesses And I feel as though black owned businesses, nine times outta 10 are just using that phrase as a marketing team. And they don't put any credibility behind those words. Now granted, I understand us as black people, we like to, to work off the border system. That's, that's nothing new, you feel me?


So us as black customers, we have to be more like accessible and more versatile with working black owned businesses. But at the same time, black owned businesses, y'all really need to know the definition, the denotative definition of the word customer service. Because y'all just be out here throwing fees on because it sound cool. Y'all be doing stuff for aesthetics and y'all marketing gets them in the door, but y'all don't keep them in there because y'all don't know how to brand y'all product. Yeah. You feel me? But that's a conversation for another day. You Heard. Thanks Milow. Hello. Who's this? Hi, this is Tenae. Hey Tenay. Good morning. We're asking do you find it harder to support black owned businesses? Okay. I'm not gonna put all black businesses in one category, but it's hard sometimes I feel like they don't, sometimes they don't realize that they have to put back in their business to invest, to put the resources to excel, if that makes sense.


Okay. So you feel like they don't, they don't put the money back into the business to make the business better. Right? Like it's certain, it's software systems out there that can make your, you know, business fund more smoothly, hire more people best in training. It's just so many resources out there that I feel like we lack. And sometimes it does make it hard. The beauty industry is a whole nother story. Okay. But it is, it, it is difficult sometimes. Okay, thank you. Hello. Who's this? Hey, this is T Hey T. Good morning. Good morning. Hey y'all. Hey, I'm up all y'all, y'all. I'm so happy. I one. Hey.


So we're talking about is it harder to support a black owned business and you own a black owned business, correct? I own a black owned business. I have a balloon business out in Connecticut. It's called Call Me a Wallflower. So Basically Emini here. As a black business owner, I truly want to support black owned businesses. But sometimes it's tough. I've dealt with like late arrivals, poor communication. I've been on charge just for simple things. And I've even had to start telling like some of the vendors like two hours earlier just to keep their, like keep them on track. 'cause I just don't trust that they're gonna arrive at the time that they should arrive.


So that's why in my business I show up about an hour early before like the client even tells me if they tell me five o'clock is our third time, I'm there by four. And you know, I'm sometimes there before them. I make sure I communicate very clearly And I make sure there's never room for any uncertainty because professionalism matters just as much as a passion. Okay. Well thank you mama. You are welcome. Have a good day guys. You too Though. You know, I think the biggest problem sometimes with, with, with black owned businesses is we take each other for granted. We tend to be so hard on each other and we don't treat each other with the same respect. Our gratitude, and I'm talking about both ways.


The person who owns the business and the customer who's coming into this, you know, facility, like the way we talk to each other. We wouldn't talk to white folks like that. The things we expect from each other. We wouldn't expect that from white people. I wish that we approached each other the same way we approach establishments. Period. Like don't walk in here thinking because it's a black owned business, you supposed to get treated in a different way. Right. It's just, it's, it's a business. But I, I will say this, I do take an understanding. Like for instance, if I go to a, a black owned restaurant and there's a problem with my food, I'll accept it faster. Right? And the reason I accept it fast is because I feel like a lot of times you can tell when a, when a business is a mom and pop owned and it's out their own pocket and they might not have things that other places can have, they not, might not be able to get the loans that other businesses can have.


So sometimes I just sit And I eat it And I just won't go back. But you shouldn't accept that. I know. But if I'm at a, if I'm at a white restaurant and it's something that I don't like, I'll send it back immediately and ask them to take up the bill because I understand we don't have the, the resources sometimes we don't have the financing sometimes. And that's a lot of times we don't have the, the people working in those businesses. So I do understand that though. But that's what Emini here, when I say we don't treat each other with the same respect, our g our gratitude. You're right. Because the reality of the situation is, I know this is a black owned business, but if my stuff ain't right, it's not right. And I gotta let you know that because I want you to get it right. Right. If, if you just sit there envy and eat the food, they don't know what they did wrong. They don't know what they did. Right. They don't know what they did wrong. There's a reason that if you go to most restaurants, they give you customer reviews and they wanna know what it is they're doing, what it is they're doing wrong.


But Sometimes I feel bad because I know they might not be, be able to afford, afford to lose that $40 state. They might not be able to afford to lose that lobster tail or that burger or whatever it may be. They might not be able to afford to lose that. So you feel a little bad and you just hope that they, they figure it out. But you know what else? They can't afford to lose a repeat customer. You Right. They want you to keep coming back. So you gotta tell these folks what's wrong so they can get it right and they can raise they, they, they, they stand. And I wonder how many black owned businesses are the, this is the first time that they created this business. See, a lot of times, a lot of these other businesses are, they have restaurants in their family. They have these type of stores in their family. So they, they're tried and true already. A lot of times for us, this is our first time and we just trying to make it happen off a whim.


You know what Emini here and trying to figure it out as we go along. Oh, you gotta get it right. So, so listen, I I know it is a, it is kind of a strange question 'cause it's not hard supporting black owned businesses. Not for me. It's hard supporting terribly ran businesses. I agree. Do you know what I'm saying? But you, you, you gotta learn. Like IIII owned a call wash at one time, right? And when one of my guys was vacuuming somebody's car, I didn't know that you had to actually have the, the vacuum screw down. So when he went to vacuum the car, the vacuum fell on the guy's car And I had to pave to fix that car. But I didn't know anything about it. But you know, somebody who owned car washes before with no better than I would. You said what now? You was washing somebody, you trying to wash somebody car with a vacuum.


I owned a car wash. I I owned a car Wash. You trying to wash somebody car with a vacuum? No, I Owned a car wash and as they were cleaning the inside of the car, the vacuum fell off and hit the guy's car and dented the car. Mm. Right. So you had to screw 'em in. But I wouldn't have known to screw it in because I've never owned a car, car wash before. See you heard screw it in and you got excited. See you got excited. Screw what in. Forget it man. The holes to the vacuum end the hose to the back. Screw to the ground. I didn't know like listen, there's things that you don't know that you figure out as they happen. Nah, that customer would never come back to my car wash but Right. You know, those type of things. You But he Wouldn't come back to your car wash if you was white too. Hmm. You understand what I'm saying? Unless you did, he wouldn't come back unless you did something to fix, rectify that situation.


Emini here. I did fix it, but I didn't know. But somebody who owned a car wash before would know all of these things before because they know from family, they know for, for being tried and true. I was just trying to figure it out on my own. Yeah. But like I said earlier, man, you know it, it's not hard supporting black owned businesses. It's just a hard supporting terribly ran businesses. I don't expect anything from a business except quality. I don't expect anything from a business except good customer service. Whatever business I support, if the quality isn't up to par, I'm not dealing with it. Alright, Well we got the latest with Lauren coming up. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight, she gets them from somebody that knows somebody.


She gets into details. I'm a home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She'd be having the latest on you, Lord, the latest with Lauren la sometimes have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of Everything. What was the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk, talk to me. I also remember in here we talked about that Druke lawsuit. Yes. There was a woman that was alleging that Drusky, Odell Beckham Jr. And Diddy sexually assaulted her. Now, when I talked about this last, I told y'all that I had seen phone records and bank records that then it came out that, you know, what I saw then came out in the media that showed that Drusky number one had no money. He was not a celebrity, he was not hanging with celebrities at the time from what these documents were alleging.


And there, there were phone records that placed him in Georgia during the time that this assault would've happened. Now the full filing was actually published and made available over the weekend. So I went back And I looked just because a lot of times in the full filings, like there might be more information and there was, so in this full filing, there was actually a, a police report that Drew's team is pointing to in this police report that they attach as an exhibit. So you can actually read, the police report was filed by this alleged victim in a California court. And it would've been during the time that the sexual assault that she alleges happened happened. So she's basically saying that there are, there were two men that sexually assaulted her.


Same time, same day. But not Drusky, not o not o Odell Beckham Jr. And not Diddy. Okay. So why she call their name then and what happens now that we find out she lied on those people? Well, let me get to it. 'cause there's another thing too. But before I address that, another thing as well is in this same filing, they attach a job offer from Longhorn Steak House in Georgia. The day that the sexual assault would've happened was the day that Drusky accepted that job. So he, and they're doing this to show that he was not, you know, legend like I'm, he wasn't even in California. Now, to answer your question, yeah, We know the druke part is Ka, we knew that from the beginning. Yes. But what happens to that young lady now that we know she got caught in a lie? Why was she the fact that she, even me, why was she alive?


This alive Odell Beckham Drusky. Why? So Drew's attorneys are asking for her and her attorneys to be sanctioned. Which would, what Do that mean locked up? It, it depends on what, what the court wants to levy. Like, what consequences the court wants to give, but they want them to get in trouble. That penalty anyway. Yeah. It can be a penalty, it can be, you could be strict of certain things. It just depends on how to judge decides they should Have to pay a fine or she should go to jail. Something. And then they are also asking that this lawsuit just be dismissed in total. Now I did reach out to the attorney for the accuser and the attorney told me that this is a procedurally improper motion. Basically that this motion is not correct and that they look forward to litigating this in court. So your Lawyer, you gotta know your client is lying.


If you don't know your client is lying at this point, then we gotta start questioning you and your credentials. Crazy. Like seriously, like why do we keep letting people get away with this type of stuff? And how do reputable lawyers, I would think they're reputable lawyers take these kind of cases on. I'm not for certain, I'm not for sure. But in the filing, drusky team mentions like, yo, a a quick, you know, like, conversation with your client or you know, certain searches just, there's a lot of things you guys could have done before we got to this point where you're throwing this on him and this could have caused, you know, brand deal harm. And you know, like there, there's just so much when you throw, so like allegations like this, right? And when you, when you're in court and you lie right? You're held in contempt, right? You, you can't lie technically. So like what is it?


Well, I guess the difference would be that they're not in a courtroom because that's the same thing. That's what they're doing. They're lying the allegations and then they prove when it's proven that they're lying that it should be some type. So it's no law, like no type of nothing set for these people to have to pay for what they did. So there are rules and that's what Drew's team is talking about. Like, yo, based on the rules of the court as an attorney, it's, it's kind of like the same thing with the Jay-Z situation. Yeah. Like Jay-Z's attorney came out and said, yo, if you're an attorney, we're trusting that you're doing things fairly and that you're doing things in good faith and that you're actually investigating these things before you bring it in a lawsuit in front of a judge. And because you didn't follow these rules of the court, there are consequences that a judge can levy.


But the judge decides what the consequences are gonna be because you not just, they just ask for it to happen. You're Not just bringing this stuff in front of a judge. You bringing this stuff in front of the court of public opinion. Now my reputation is damaged, now my brand is damaged, now I'm losing all types of money and you just get to walk away. Yep. Because people believe the lie and run With that. Yeah. And, and, and that's what happens too. And brands don't really care to do their own research and Yeah, you know what Emini here, it's just they don't have time. The social media reacts so fast. Now I filing a lawsuit, I just looked this up because I wanted to make sure I stated this. Filing a lawsuit based on a false, based on false information can lead to serious consequences including dismissal of the case, which is what Drew is asking for fines. Just to your point, even criminal charges like perjury, if the court finds out that the information was knowingly false, the case can be dismissed and the plaintiff may be penalized for wasting the court's resources and causing harm to the defendant.


And even it goes, you know, as far as the, even even a lying under oath. So we'll just have to wait to see what happens and how the judge responds. Disgusting. Alright, well that was the latest with Lauren. Yes. And listen, you know, something that y'all need to watch on television, man, if y'all haven't this weekend, watch Forever on Netflix. Did y'all watch forever this weekend? I heard. No, I keep hearing You the third person to say something about that. You know, one, one of my favorite storytellers of all time is Judy Bloom. Y'all know how I feel about Judy Bloom Forever is based off, it's loosely based off Judy Bloom's 1975 book forever. And it's done by another one of my favorite storytellers. Mara b Brail who created Girlfriends. Okay. Oh, I didn't ma I didn't know Mara Brockel did that. My cousin texted me and told me to tell you to watch that.


'cause she knows that you're a, a junior, A ju boom fan. Yeah. And I, I watched it this weekend. I'm on, I'm on episode seven right now. Fantastic series, man. Nice. If you like romcom vibes, you know black love, teenage love, you know, it just, it feels, it's just a feel good show. Love that. That's what's up. Alright, well we got the People's Choice mix up next, get you a request in. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the God We are The Breakfast Club. I wanna salute again to the cast and everybody at Hell's Kitchen on Broadway. It's a play. I took the whole family, my, my wife and my mother and everybody else this Sunday and it was such an amazing show. So if you ever come to New York City and you are looking for something dope to do, hell's Kitchen, which is a, it's a play based off loosely, I guess.


Alicia Keys. Alicia Keys. Alicia Keys. Love to Hell's Kitchen, the area where she grew up in New York City music. Oh, so that's a place and a host. It's, I'm like trying to figure it out. Okay. Yeah. So right street, right up the street. Okay. Yeah. It was a lot different. I would say baby about 20 years ago was way more hood, way more it looked, felt more abandoned and they, you know, built it up a lot. But it was a great, great, great play. The I loved All kids. The Play that played Alicia Keys was Dope Tank is in it. Tank plays Alicia Keys dad. Yes. You played the Deadbeat. Yeah. Deadbeat dad. Oh Wow. Deadbeat the earth. Alicia Keys mom who was in the play, she sings in. It is crazy. So it was just a dope play and that's all my kids enjoy. So I just got her real Mom. No, no, not real Mom play.


I said who played her mom. Oh, okay. Who played her mom. So salute to the whole cast for inviting me. We had a great time. Nice. And then this weekend, I'm in Atlantic City, y'all this Saturday the show starts at eight o'clock. Listen, this is what I love about Atlantic City, right. And other venues too. But Atlantic City is the best because I haven't really, I've been so busy. I haven't really got to promote this like I wanted to and it's already 75% sold out. So Atlantic City, I love y'all so much. I will be there in New Jersey at Harris Comedy Harris Casino for the comedy show. It starts at eight. Me and my brother Desi will be there And I will be doing meet and greet. I love y'all. So can't wait to get there to Atlantic City. See y'all this Saturday. Y'all gotta go to Kelsey's for brunch. Yeah.


Kelsey's Lord have mercy. Sunday Brunch, amazing Lord have Oh, on Sunday Mercy. I think they do brunch Saturday too, but Sunday too. So, No, I, I understand. So I can wake up and go straight there. They do it Saturday and Sunday. Yep. Sunday. Yeah. South to Kelsey. They got, you know what else they got? You got, they got a, a ocean spot now. Like they got a spot by the ocean that serve good ass food too. Really? Yes. Oh, I never been there. Hell yeah. I ain't even a lot of fun. Yes, Kelsey and Kim's Ocean view in Atlantic City. When I'm in Atlantic City, I Emini here. I do. Kelsey's breakfast to dinner 'cause Kelsey's is banging but they brunch is crazy at Kelsey's. And then they got Kelsey and Kim's Ocean View, which is a great dinner spot. Well, I'll be going there. It's Time to get up outta here. First and foremost. Go New York.


Go New York. Go. Hey Knicks need to beat Boston Celtics tonight so I, Boy New York if y'all mess around and let Boston get two in New York and tie this series, y'all in trouble. Nope. We Gonna win tonight. They better. Hopefully you don't have no hope in New York. I do. Okay, but I'm just saying they got it. They should. They they. This is a must win game tonight. It is. They go back to Boston Tie two too. I don't like their chances. What time the game is? Seven o'clock. I'm have to watch that just seven o'clock. Okay, Well you got a positive note. I do. The positive note is simply this, one of the hardest challenges in life is to be yourself in a world where everyone is always trying to make you be somebody else. Have a blessed day Breakfast Club Bitches.


You finish or y'all done?


Hi, I'm Kristen Davis, host of the podcast. Are you a Charlotte? Sarah Jessica Parker is here and she is sharing stories from the very beginning, like the time she forgot. We filmed the pilot episode. I remember some things about shooting the pilot, right? I have some memories I can fill you in and that you're going to fill me in. Yes. But then you forgot about it.


Co. In the very long time they took about it. Listen to, are You a Charlotte on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I found out that was related to the guy that I was dating. I don't feel emotions correctly. I collect my roommate's toenails and fingernails. Those were some callers from my call in Podcast Therapy Gecko. It's a show where I take phone calls from anonymous strangers as a fake Gecko therapist and try to learn a little bit about their lives. I know that's a weird concept, but I promise it's very interesting. Check it out for yourself by searching for Therapy Gecko on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Jay Shetty And I'm bringing my first ever on purpose live tour to Washington DC on May 21st, presented by Chase Sapphire Reserve. Join me in surprise guest from meaningful and insightful conversations to spark learning, experience, growth, and build real connections. Chase Sapphire Reserve card members can redeem their chase ultimate rewards points for VIP packages. To meet me before the show or visit Chase sheddy.me/tour to get your tickets.


Hi, it's Emily Tisch Sussman, host of the podcast. She pivots in honor of Mother's Day. We have some very special guests. I am Elaine Welter. And I'm Kaitlyn Murray. Both women pivoted out of their careers after having their kids proving that motherhood is just another chapter in our journey, not the end. Come on over to hear their full stories. You can listen to She Pivots on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.