
What does a therapist do when her family is the one who needs a little help? Seek therapy. Of course, don't miss the new season of the Hulu Comedy Unprisoned starring Carrie Washington and Delroy Lindo with a father outta prison. A son with growing anxiety and a therapy practice in serious trouble. Carrie Washington's page needs to pull her family back together by any means necessary. Get ready for a new season of raw comedy and heartfelt connection on imprisoned. All episodes are now screaming only on Hulu.


Finding the right news podcast can feel like dating. It seems promising until you start listening. When you hit play on post reports, you'll get fascinating conversations and sometimes a little fun too. I'm Martine Powers. And I'm Ella. Hey Azadi. Martine And I are the hosts of post reports. The show comes out every weekday from the Washington Post. You can follow and listen to post reports wherever you get your podcasts. There'll be a match, I promise.


There are moments in life that are so special that you have to capture them and save them forever. They're one of those once in a lifetime events like your baby's first steps, the first time you bring your family pet home, or your daughter's first dance performance With iPhone 15 Pro more storage means you don't have to delete anything that can become a lasting memory one day. And it's important to be able to share these moments with family members who weren't there to see them in person. Store more, share more. Connect with iPhone 15 Pro on at and t. Get iPhone 15 Pro on at and t and get an iPad and Apple Watch for 99 cents per month. Each at and t connecting changes everything. Limited time offer requires 0% a PR 36 month agreement on each while qualified customers other terms and restrictions. Apply c att.com/iphone for Details@public.com.


You can invest in stocks, options, bonds, crypto, and more. Plus, you can earn an industry leading 5.1% a PY on your cash while you're at it. So why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all? Invest with public a US-based company with award-winning customer support. Meet your new primary portfolio@public.com. All you're investing in one place, 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by by public investing member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C. Not a bank, not investment advice.


Turn it up. Music fans. This one's for you. Koch Studio is dropping fresh music and performances from artists you love like new jeans. Carol G and Peggy Goo and Koch's, giving you chances to win a trip to one of the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke or Coke. Zero sugar 12 ounce. Can the unlock fan fuel music moments no purchase necessary. 13 plus in 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility, and prize. availability@cokeurl.com slash Studio USA promo copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


You guys Really like the hip hop, early morning, late Night Breakfast Club is the most powerful popular urban radio show In a From the black mothership in New York City. DJ Envy, Charlemagne De God and Jess. Hilarious. Thank y'all for Being cultural leaders, man. I appreciate what y'all didn't put the Culture collectively known as Breakfast Club. I'm Always nervous when I do The Breakfast Club because sometimes you say stuff and it's just gonna get you Everybody wait. Good morning. USA Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo. Just Hilarious is out today. Charlemagne the guy.


Peace to the Planet. It is Thursday. Good morning. It's Thursday. Yes, it is Thursday, man. How y'all feel out there? I am blessed black and highly favored. Another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What's happening Weekend is almost here when? Thursday you start counting down the weekend is here. Damn near. I'm enjoying the moment. I'm happy to be here on this beautiful Thursday. I'm lightening my candles right now. Getting the, getting the tone set. Yeah. Well, well, yesterday my, my wife set me up. She was like, babe, let's, let's go on a, a, a date. Let's, let's You know my daughter. She's 22 years old. Let's You know my daughter and her boyfriend and us all go out. So I'm thinking, all right, we're going to dinner or we're going bowling, or we're going, something like that.


But she decided that I guess she was watching TV and she wanted to Pilates and wanted to bring me to Pilates. She must think you fat and outta shape. She must think she was, she must not think you the healthiest. So We all went to Pilates. That, does that sound like that? We all went to Pilates to try it out yesterday. And Jesus Christ. Yeah. She think you outta shape Pilates. That's not when you just sitting around somebody with stink breath and you like, Hey man, let's go brush our teeth. Listen, I got an idea. We all go brush our teeth. Let's go brush our teeth. Ah, man. So I, I guess so. I had a whole Pilates class yesterday and it, and Pilates is not only about If. you, you are in shape or you're outta shape. It helps stretch your body. It, it helps If. you have aches and pains. It helps. They say it helps you live longer.


It helps with your spine. It helps with so many different things. So I did it yesterday. I mean, it's, it was, it was awkward. It was awkward. Why? Because they put You Ever did yoga before? It's not the same. They put your leg in the contraption the same. No, it's not. They put your leg in the contraption. Maybe they stretch your legs in all different ways. Your legs Just like yoga your legs. Yo yoga promotes mobility and strength. Your core, your core strength, legs, Flexibility. Your legs is behind your back at one point. And I it is, is, it was weird, but it was a great deep night. So salute to all everybody out there that do Pilates. I did my first Pilates yesterday. I guess that's what they call the Pilates. You wanna go with me? No, I don't. Why Not? Why would I go with you to Pilate Club? Why not? I, I would say go to the gym with me.


Why not go to Pilates? Meaning I wouldn't go to the gym with you either. You don't go to the gym. Nah, I got one at the crib. But Still, You don't want go do Pilates. Me and you do Pilates? I don't. Not at all. It would be Like a breakfast club bond thing. Me and you together both wear spandex and just go do No, thank you. I'm happy that you had a great date night last night. We Get you. Yes. Alright. Well, Latoya lucky will be joining us this morning. Yes, She will. She has a new movie coming out August 3rd called, I thought my husband's wife was, was Dead. Yes. It premieres on Lifetime on August 3rd, man. So we'll be talking to her about that. Yep. And, and some other things. I'm sure That's right. And then we got Front page news. Next Morgan Wood is joining us. Of course, a lot went down yesterday. A lot goes down every day. But I It's an election season. It's a presidential election year in America.


Something is going down all the time. Okay. But gets To the point where I don't, I don't see everything. Like yesterday, I put in a group chat. I'm like, yo, did Biden speak to the country today? You was like, yeah, yeah, but you're ridiculous. 'cause we talked about it in the front page news yesterday. I knew he was going to, but I didn't know what time he was doing it. That's why I asked Did he speak yet? This was like what, 8 39 o'clock? I just got back from Pilates. He was talking when I was in Pilates. Yes, he did. Yeah. I watched it. I forgot what time it was though. Yeah. But anyway, we'll talk about that when we come back in more. So don't move. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good Morning y'all. So yeah, let's do it. President Biden delivered a historic address from the Oval Office on his decision to exit the 2024 election saying, now's the time to patch, pass the torch to a generation of new, a new generation of political leaders.


Let's hear more from President Biden's. Address from the Oval last night. My fellow Americans has been the privilege of my life to serve this nation of over 50 years. It's not about me, it's about you, your families, your futures. It's about we the people. And we can never forget that And I never have. I've made it clear that I believe America's at an inflection point. One of those rare moments in history, when the decisions we make now determine our fate of our nation. And The World for decades to come, we have to decide, do we still believe in honesty, decency, respect, freedom, justice and democracy.


Yeah. So the White House Press Secretary, Corin Jean Pierre, she pushed back against claims that President Biden's decision to drop out was due to health. Adding that he is putting the country first. No, it was due to donors and polls. That's what it was due to. Talk about it then, king. So the president did reiterate his intention to remain in office, and he listed his priorities over the next six months. He also praised Vice President Kamala Harris, calling her tough and capable as she kicks off her presidential bid. Meanwhile, members of the Congressional Black, I, I do wanna say though, Morgan, it's amazing how much Joe Biden stepping down was the right idea for everybody that was fighting it. Coming to Biden's defense saying things like, I'll vote for a corpse. Doesn't it feel good to have a candidate that has more life, all the money that's been raised, 40,000 new voters registered in 48 hours.


Yeah. None of that would've happened if Joe Biden listened to you idiots telling him he should stay the course. No, it's, it's, it's a new energy and it, and it feels way better. It just feels, and that it feels like the right thing. Absolutely. And that's exactly what the Congressional Black Caucus is saying. Your your, your good friend, Texas Democrat, Jasmine Crockett says, the campaign has been so inspiring so far. Let's hear more from her. From the moment that she got into this race. You have seen nothing but history being made finally, for the right reasons. You see historic amounts of money being raised. That is because we understand the assignments. You see historic amounts of women coming together online and black men coming together online and raising money.


The party was in disarray, You know. And now it seems like there's some unity in, in, in the Democratic party. But once again, absolutely none of that would've happened if Joe Biden listening to you idiots telling him that he should have stayed. Of course. Okay. Alright. So the DNC Democratic National Committee expects that Vice President Harris will, if nominated, she's gonna pick a running mate by August 7th. Now, again, the DNC happens on August 19th, but there will be a virtual event to, to a virtual roll call for her to go ahead and get the nomination on August 1st now on Fox, Fox and Friends news host Brian Kilmeade. He's catching hell for a video clip where he criticized Vice president here is for not attending yesterday's address to Congress, where Israeli prime minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, spoke to Congress and instead she spoke to the black sorority, Zeta Phi Beta Incorporated.


And many say he said, colored sorority, while the Fox News host is pushing back saying, he said, college sorority. So let's hear that audio and you can determine what he said. The most recent decision already. You got a question. She will not show up for the Prime Minister's joint session of Congress today. She'd rather address in the summer, a sorority, a college sorority. Like she can't get outta that. See what y'all think. College or Colored, he said college. And listen, black people, we gonna lose our minds looking for random acts of racism and sexism. There's going to be a lot of blatant racism and sexism over the next a hundred days. And it's gonna be even more if Kamala Harris, vice President Kamala Harris gets in the White House.


So I just think we look ridiculous sitting around trying to figure out whether a person said college or colored. Like there's, there's a lot of blatant acts of racism and sexism that's happening now, and that's going to be happening. I'm not sitting around wasting my time trying to de decide whether he said college or colored. I heard him say, I felt like he said college. Well, see, The problem is one person heard him say colored, and then everybody's like, yeah, he said colored. That's they posted. Then, then and then it kept going and then it's trending. And they'd be like, he said, Colored. And that's what I wish, I wish that I would've heard the audio. I wish somebody would just let me heard. I wish somebody would've just let me heard it, let you hear it instead. Instead of telling me. Yeah. Let you hear it Before you Yeah, because, but I did the same thing when I heard him. I said, he said color said what? And then I heard it slowed down. I'm like, bro, he said college. Yeah. Then I then when you close your eyes and just listen, you'd be like, oh, he's said college.


He did say, I've never used that word in my life. If you're listening to what I'm saying, if You know where she's speaking, why would I even say that? So We just gonna, I'm telling you black people, we gonna drive ourselves crazy. If we looking for random acts of racism and sexism over the next a hundred days, it's going to be plenty. You will not have to search for it. You will not have to sit around with your people and wonder, did that person say this? Or did that person say that? It is going to be a lot of it right there in your face. Yeah. Trust Me. Alright, well that is front page news. What you got next hour, Morgan? A more on Donald Trump, the other side of the aisle. We'll talk about it. Alright. And everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open. Again, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast.


Club. Good morning The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with me is blessed. Call up next (800) 585-1051. Not just Me. I'm with the coach of feeling. Hello. Who's this? This is Todd calling from Cleveland, Ohio. Todd, what's up up Todd, get it off your chest, Todd. Okay. So I've, I've seen multiple reports. One particular one stood out to me from a CNN interview from Tim Burchard, second district, second Congressional District of Tennessee.


They referred to Kamala Harris as a DEI pick diversity, equity, and inclusion. And that's how she became vice president. It is true. This is true. Kamala Harris was the 49th of 48 vice presidents prior to her. All of them were white men. Most of them were middle-aged. And all of them were given options in place of multiple other picks that were denied options because they were not middle-aged white men. And, but now for this diversity, equity, and inclusion, this very capable person would not have had the opportunity to sit behind the president, figuratively speaking, learn the job for almost four years at this point, be be clear on what the public was informing the president of what they wanted to get done, and then increase her op opportunity to become actual president of the United States.


She was capable, the man that picked her had been vice president for eight straight years. So he understood the job. And instead of just picking from a pool of white dudes, he, he included her in the pool and saw that her record was clear enough for her to be able to become vice president. And now she has an opportunity to get the votes to become president. That's what diversity and equity inclusion is about. Yeah. But the problem with the, the phrase DEI, it's been bastardized, right? Because now you got a bunch of white people trying to use it to say that they, they, they, they just hire people of color or That she's not qualified Gay people and that they're not qualified. They're hiring mediocre people and they're only getting the job because of DEI.


So the way you explained it is absolutely right, but the way they're using it and how, how, how their definition of it is different. Well, This is how people get away with that. They, they use the term first. They abbreviated, they don't say diversity, equity, inclusion. They just say DEI. And just saying the term out fully gives you, gives you some insight on what it's actually about. I agree. And then they tone people down who are already tend to be invested in voluntary ignorance from actually looking at what the definition means. Look it up. Kamala Harris got 4.6 million votes the first time she ran for Attorney General. Way over 50%. She got 4.1 the second time, well over 50%.


She got 7 million votes to be senator in California. She has no ethics violations on her record as Attorney General. She has multiple bills that were introduced and some were turn turned into public law. And these aren't things that are complicated for people to look up. And it's clearly wasn't complicated for the current president to look up because he looked over those things, consider other people other than her for the vice presidency and said, this one is a good pick. But you have to be willing to read and you have to be able to willing to accept the diversity. Equity inclusion does have some advantages when that person that uses it to employ someone is a good student of the job that they're trying to employ the person for.


Good information. Brother, thank you for calling Good information. Get it Off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Hit us up now. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your, whether you're mad or blessed, but have the same energy. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello. Who's this? Yo, good morning, big chocolate, the toe sucker. So, yo, listen, a couple of quick things. I think Charlemagne is the other undercover gay guy, not envy. Right? He wears more makeup than just hilarious. And ladies, right? And two, when Kamala Harris beats big belly Trump in the election this year, we'll have a Yaba DBA dude.


Time. A great old time. Little Flintstones guys. Have a good morning. Yeah, Man, I promise you, man, if I ever find your address, I'm sending the police to arrest you. I just know that, I just know you over there committing crimes, bro. Hello? I just know you got something going on in your house you ain't got no business doing. Hello? Who's this? Yo, what's up bro? What's your name? What's up man? This is Tate. What's up Charlotte? Man, what's up Man? Peace Tate. What's up up, brother? Nothing much, man. I'm just calling to say it's kind of crazy for Biden to step down right now and say it's not about him. It's like you didn't figure this out two, three weeks ago, man. You should have been did that, man. Well, we've been saying that. I've definitely been saying that over and over. But You know, we were the idiots.


We were the ones that were getting told to shut up and let Biden stay the course. But clearly him stepping down was the best thing. So I disagree with you on that. All, all you gotta do is look at all of that energy. I walked in the building today. My, the dude, dude at the parking garage was like, all right, I'm back in it, baby. I'm back in it. He was like, he was like, I'm voting for Harris. I'm back in it. Do You know how many people had sold or apathy, bro? How many people was going to choose the couch this year? So I ain't mad at Yeah, this is About, I mean, better, better late than never. Better late than never, man is what it is. Look, she raised over a hundred. Yeah, I appreciate that Man. She raised, she what? Raised $81 million in 24 hours from ActBlue. That's grassroots of 40,000, 42 people. Voters registered. Registered voted in 48 hours.


Come on man. That's, you can't, that, that's a different level of energy. You gotta, you gotta salute that. Hello, who's this? Drea. Hey Drea. Good morning. Get it off your chest. Good morning. I think with the presidential election, I think we have to be very careful of what we believe in, what we don't believe. Of course. But I also think it starts within your city and your state about who you elect. That can also help with the president election. Oh, absolutely. And some people don't realize That it, the local is the local is more important. I, I agree with you a hundred percent right. That's all. Have a good a afternoon, morning. All righty, well get it off your chest.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. You can hit us up right now. Now when we come back, Kamala Harris got referred to as something disrespectful. They get a little disrespectful with it. We'll play you the audio, get your thoughts of what you think. Actually not disrespectful when you think about it. It is, it's kind. It's really not. It is. What you talking about Tui, That's not disrespectful. When you actually put it in context. We'll talk about it when we come Back. It's compliment. Yo. We'll talk about it when we come back. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning The, Breakfast Club. Hey man, telling somebody before I let you play me, I'll go eat some jail food is one of the hardest ways to say, I'll beat your ass and take the charge I've ever heard.


Drop on a clues bombs for big Glo. Damnit. Hey, I like when I hear creative ways to tell somebody I'll beat your ass and go to jail and wouldn't even care. Shout the Glo Rilla. All right, well good morning. We are The Breakfast. Club. Jess is out today, but we holding it down. So let's get to Jess with the mess Is real. Robin Moore. Jess don't do no lying. Don't do. She don't. Nobody. Why Jess Worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it off. Alright, well Kamala Harris, we have to make sure we support Vice President Kamala Harris, Vice President Kamala Harris.


We have to make sure we support, we promote and we help her out because they are attacking her. Now since Biden dropped outta the 2024 presidential election and endorsed her, it seems like they made so many different things. They called her A DEI candidate. They accused her of sleeping her way to the top. They called her unlikeable. She's heard it all before. Like you, you gotta understand, Kamala Harris has been the first at everything she's done. Whether it was the Attorney General, whether it was Senate, whether it was Vice president. She's heard all of these rooms before. These are the greatest hits. Okay, Well Alec Lacey, who's an author in a podcast host, he was on Fox Business Network. He compared her to somebody I don't think she's ever been compared to. Yeah. And then there's the DEI press secretary telling you that the DEI Vice president is the future of the party here.


And so the future looks kind of dimmed for the Democrats here. But this is no shocker either. Kamala Harris, she's the original Hak Tour girl. That's the way she got where she is. And the party's going downhill if it's in her hands. That Was tough. That was, that was tough. That was harsh. The Hawk Toy girl though. Well the, the worst part about that wasn't the fact that he called it a Hawk Toure girl. It was saying that that's how she got to where she is. Correct. That's not how she got to where she is. But I'm not letting those people steal my joy and neither should you. 'cause everybody wants to be funny. Everybody wants to perform. So Republicans say wild things about Democrats and Democrats say wild things about Republicans. It is what it is. If. you dish it, you gotta be able to take it. Furthermore, y'all not going to listen. You not gonna turn the Hawk tour into something negative.


Okay? Saying So is a Hawk Tour Girl is a compliment as far as I'm concerned. Drop one A clues Bond for all the Hawk Tour girls out there. Okay? Tua has been the best marketing for oral sex in a long time from a woman. All right, you here guys talking about throat babies and gimme that. Becky and a lot of female rappers rap about how good they do it. But Hawk Tua sounds wholesome. Okay. Does it? And it's mainstream at this point. Yes. You gotta spit on that thing. Yeah. Drop on the closed bombs for the Hawk Tour. Hey, I got Brandon is in here. Red is in here. Raise your hands. If. you like a little Hawk tour? Okay. Envy you raising your hand tour. What's wrong with y'all man? You people ruin everything. And. I'm not gonna let you ruin Hawk Tour or Kamala Harris' moment.


Okay, there's other things we could be discussing. Like the fact 40,000 new voters have registered in the last 48 hours, right? I wanna see more of that. If you're not registered to vote, go register to vote. Kamala Harris campaign has raised over a hundred million dollars. I saw Future Forward, which is a major de super pac. They received $150 million in new commitments from major Democratic donors. Since Biden stepped down, people are energized. People care, and dammit, that's all we can ask for. So I'm not sitting around wasting my energy on whether someone said a college or co.


Hey, I'm Christina Quinn, the host of Try This from the Washington Post. Each try. This audio course gets you closer to solving some of the biggest everyday challenges we face as humans. Things like how to sleep better, how to have more meaningful relationships, and how to enjoy cooking more. We're releasing new courses all the time where you can learn to be a better functioning human without the time commitment. Find our collection of courses by searching. Try this wherever you listen to podcasts.


Tomorrow, the Paris Olympics begin with the most stunning opening ceremony. Yet as the sun sets over the city of light, a parade of boats will carry the Olympic athletes through one of the world's most beautiful cities and onto an epic celebration at the Eiffel Tower. Join Mike Tarico, Peyton, Manny Kelly Clarkson, and Snoop Dogg for the opening ceremony of the Paris Olympics. Tomorrow seven 30. Six 30 central on NBC in Peacock.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more. In fact, at public dot com's high yield cash account, you could be earning an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees or balance requirements. And you can access your cash whenever you want. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance. In other words, you can earn 5.1% a PY with the flexibility and security you deserve. It's time to take your cash out of a traditional savings account. It's time to take advantage of one of the industry's best interest rates. There are no fees, period. And you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance. Start earning 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing Inc. Member Finra, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more


Ever Wolf down a Big Mac and thought I need some extra cash, then download the Drop app. Get rewarded for dining out and more. Use code drop two two for $5 in points. Download drop now.


Judy Was boring. Hello then Judy discovered chumba casino.com. It's my little escape. Now Judy's the life of the party. Oh Baby Mama's bringing home the bacon. Whoa, Take it easy. Judy Chumba. The Cmba life is for everybody. So go to chumba casino.com and play over a hundred casino style games. Join today and play for free for your chance to redeem some serious prices. Chumba casino.com. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited by law 18 plus terms and condition policy website for details.


I, and I'm definitely not sitting around wasting my energy being fake outrage because a man gave the VP a compliment and don't know it. Okay, What? Right. So should we make, should we make T-shirts Y hawk tool for Harris Drop one of include bumps for Hawk tool for Harris. Oh my goodness. You got all these different groups. I hate this place. All these different groups that happen. Zoom calls and fundraisers. Black women did it. Black men did it. White women did it yesterday. I saw, I saw one for disabled people. What I did handicapped for Harris. Yeah. I ain't say handicapped for Harris, but it was disabled people that were gonna come together and have a Zoom call. I went so far. So yes. Let's do hawk tours for Harris. Whether you male or female, and you feel like you deliver that Good Hawk tour, do a Zoom call.


Raise some money this weekend. Hawk tour us for Harris. I'm not mad at that. You are not gonna steal my joy. Leave me alone. All right, well, Trump's vice president pick a senator, JD Vance. He also attacked a bunch of people. And we're talking about that the White House and Democrats have nothing but cat women. But he also added people to judge. We're effectively run in this country via the Democrats via, via our corporate oligarchs by a bunch of childless cat ladies who are miserable at their own lives and the choices that they've made. And so they wanna make the rest of the country miserable too. And it's just a basic fact. You look at Kamala Harris, Pete Buttigieg, A OC, the entire future of the Democrats is controlled by people without children. And how does it make any sense that we've turned our country over to people who don't really have a direct stake in it?


Pete got two kids. I I guess you tried to call him a Catwoman. He trying to, it is just Stupid. Pete. Pete has two kids. That's number one. Number two, I you who, you don't know what a LC wants to do in the future. Number three, you gotta stop talking like that because you don't know why people don't have kids. You don't know if it's something, if they If, you don't know if they can't have them. They Can't have kids. You don't know if they've made the choice not to have 'em. And if they have, that's on them. You don't know if they've had You know abortions for whatever reason. You don't. That's literally like walking up to a it's woman's choice. That's right. That's like walking up to a woman who got a big stomach and being like, how many months are you? Yeah. Are you pregnant? And then you realize she not mind you goddamn business. But Whoopi Goldberg responded, Sir, there are people who have chosen not to have Children.


That's a fact. For Whatever reason, there are people who want to have children who cannot. How dare you. That is a fact too. You never had a baby. Your wife had a baby, but you never had a baby. So You know nothing about this and how dare you And women, you heard how he thinks of you. Yeah, this is not good for you jd. That is why styles make fights and why this is such a good matchup. Because when it comes to You, know the Supreme Court abolishing Roe v. Wade and Donald Trump taking credit for the Supreme Court abolishing Roe v. Wade. When you have somebody like Kamala Harris, who is a woman, she can speak to all of that in a different way. 'cause everything whoop be Goldberg said is absolutely true.


You, you as a man, we never even have the the the choice no to decide whether we're going to have a baby or choose a a, a career. Some women have had to make that choice, right? As a man, we don't know anything about not being able to have kids as a man. We don't know anything about having an abortion. You paid for something, but we've never had one. So she's gonna wash him on that, on that topic every single time. That's why they don't bring it up. And that's why you said earlier, okay, That's wrong. You know why JD V Bring that up. Said J Vance. Mind your business. Mind Your business. Now conservatives are not gonna win that, win that debate. And lastly, little re is pissed off at you guys. I already posted a picture the other day showing his weight loss and showing his drive and how he, he got to a great place physically, mentally, spiritually, and professionally.


And instead of people saying, You know we appreciate you, they were killing him saying, it looks like Ozempic to me. And he was mad about that because he said he really put in the work. Yeah, I put a post up a couple days ago, You know, just talking about how really proud I am of me, the work I've put in, honestly, consistently for the last five years. But I thought it was interesting that as I said that You know and that's when people started saying, You know he's taking the Ozempic, And I. Think I saw the TMZ thing yesterday showing all the comments of people saying that. Yeah, yeah, he, he said this and that. But we know it's ozempic. But one thing I ain't gonna play about is God You know y'all don't know what I've been through. And the only thing I was bragging about was just how I heard God and decided to move in that way.


Man. I was going through it. I was stressing. I had anxiety. You know my assistant one day came to my house 'cause I was running late for set. And. I was just sitting on my stairs, bawling, crying, And I. Didn't know why. It's been so many crazy moments and beautiful moments at the same time where people spoke life into me and helped me get on this journey. So yesterday he posted, I'm on God pic, happy pic, hard work pic, purpose pic, and just plan on truth pic. Well salute to my guy Rel. I'm proud of him. Shout the way he lost dropping a CL bond for LilRel. I'm proud of the work he put in. But I'm also proud of black people 'cause we have a com. We have come a long way. I was born in 1,978. I remember back in the day, if somebody lose that much weight, we said they was on crack.


They definitely crack. Okay. So I'm glad of our progress. All right. I'm glad that we're blaming it on a weight off drug Now instead of crack our age You know what? I know the era I come from. I'm glad of our progress. I Will, I will say this. You have evolved. 'cause you're looking at the I Know you. Why You say you? Because you looking at the positive things like the the hot toy girl, you hock toy for Harris. Did y'all only see things from one side? 'cause y'all too emotional. If. you see pic, you'd be like, yeah, back in my day. You be a crack head. You Just too emotional. Y'all don't see things from all angles. That's your problem. Alright, well that is the mess. All right, now when we come back, we got front page news. Morgan will be joining us. And then Latoya lucky to be here. So don't go anywhere. Her new film. I thought my husband wife was dead. We'll talk to about all that. All right.


This's, The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's Djj Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Now let's get back in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning guys. How y'all feeling today? Good, Good. Peace Morgan. Peace to the planet. So Donald Trump, former president Donald Trump. He is speaking for the first time since President Biden ended his campaign for reelection on Wednesday, Trump spoke at a rally in North Carolina where he criticized Vice President Kamala Harris. Let's hear more from former President Trump at his rally in North Carolina. And just like crooked Joe Biden, Kamala Harris's unfit to lead. She's unfit to lead. She'll destroy our country in a year for three and a half years, Harry shamelessly lied to the public to cover up Joe Biden's mental unfitness claiming that crooked Joe was at the absolute top of his game.


I don't think so. I don't think so. I wish him well, but I don't like him. He is not a nice person. If Kamala will lie to you so brazenly about Joe Biden's mental incapacity, then she will lie to you about anything. She can never, ever be trusted. She can't be trusted. You know Trump always says things about others that definitely apply to him like he does a lot of projections. So You know when he, when he says things like You know she isn't fit to lead, she would ruin the country in a year. All she does is lie to you. That's all things that apply to him. Absolutely. Well, well he definitely said, it's funny that in that clip he said that Biden's not a ni nice person.


But just last week when they were on the phone because Biden reached out because he was shot at, he was saying, oh, he's a nice guy. Well, Trump said he believes that Biden is the worst president in the history of our country. And he alleged the Democratic Party forced him out of the race. Something he, he called undemocratic. Now in other news, FBI, director Christopher Ray, he's testifying before Congress on the attempted assassination, the assassination attempt on former President Trump's life. Now, during a hearing on Wednesday, Ray lawmakers, the agency has yet to determine the Gunman's motive. Let's hear more from FBI, director Christopher Ray. We are investigating the shooter, both to determine his motive and his preparations and activities before the shooting.


But also to make sure whether or not there are any co-conspirators, accomplices. We have tried to be transparent with both Congress and the American people as we're going along in the investigation. Frankly, unusually so for an ongoing investigation, given the sheer nature of it, I I really can't wait to see what his motive was though. 'cause You know, even even though I know nobody will learn any, anything from his motive, I would like to hear it because I would like to know what exactly drove him to do that. We know it's something, it's some type of rhetoric. It's something he saw that made him say, I want to, I want to You know, try to assassinate a former president. I just wanna know what it was. Yeah, but This is weird, right? With all the resources the federal government has, they haven't found this out as of yet.


Like they have tons of resources, tons of agents on this individual. Awesome. They should been found out what his, what his motives were his, his phone records, his his computer. The dark, dark web. But they should have on his ass already. I could be wrong, but I thought I read that he don't have any social media, which I thought was strange. But a 20-year-old kid not to have no social media, But they said he did Google J K's Assassination, assassin. Yeah, J But they should, they should have had all his motives and everything done already. Like this is the FBI like this is the federal government. Like, I mean it's only been a week though. I mean Give it a right. I was gonna say the investigation is ongoing. FBI Director Ray revealed, however, the 20-year-old government, he flew at drone about 200 yards from the staging area where Trump spoke hours before the rally and was likely live streaming and viewing the footage.


Now authorities found two explosive devices that were retrieved from the shooter's VE vehicle. And a third was found at his home. Now Ray called the shooting and attack on our democracy and said The nation is currently in in elevated threat mode. Now Republicans, they are skeptical over the FBI's ability to conduct an open and transparent investigation criticizing the Justice Department under the Biden administration. He defended, or excuse me, director Ray, he defended the agency's ability to conduct a transparent investigation into the assassination attempt. Now, director Ray also said that the agent's agency's biggest worry right now is actually illegal immigrants who have limited background information or use fake documents when they seek asylum, he says they need more help from international partners to prevent another attack.


Now I also wanna mention that there's an update on the victims who suffered injuries at that rally. One of the two people who were injured in the attempted assassination is, has been released from the hospital. Allegheny Health announced that David Dutch has recovered from his injuries and was discharged. He was shot and wounded during that assassination attempt. And of course James Copenhaver was also shot. But he remains in the hospital in serious condition. And of course we also wanna continue to remember former Fire Chief Corey comparator, he lost his life in that assassination attempt. Very Sad. That's horrible, man. Horrible, horrible, horrible. It's sad. But yeah, that story is developing.


They're con they're gonna continue to investigate and of course I'm gonna continue to bring it to you. Let's switch gears though. You guys use Zelle? Yep. Yes. Yes. Okay, so check this out. So the peer-to-peer payment system Z is being lo looked into by lawmakers amid a growing number of scams on the platform. The Senate permanent subcommittee on investigations, her testimony on Tuesday from the CEO of Early warning services. Now that's the company that owns and runs Cell and also called on to testify were executives from the Bank of America, JP Morgan Chase and Wells Fargo. These are the biggest, the three biggest Zelle owner banks. Now the subcommittee issued a report faulting the banks for only reimbursing 38% of customers who said they did not approve a transfer from their account.


Now early Warning Services maintains that about 99.95% of transactions completed without a complaint, a fraud or scam. But it's still something that the people should know about. And yeah, you guys should definitely You know. Go back and make sure you're checking those Zelle transactions to make sure that they are accurate. Absolutely. Well thank you Morgan. Thank you. So that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood. You can follow me on socials at Morgan Media. M-O-R-G-Y-N-M-E-D-I-A. And for more news coverage, be sure you're checking out the Black Information Network at Black Information Network and BIN news.com. Have a great day. Thank you Morgan, please. All right, now when we come back, Latoya Luckett will be joining us.


Latoya Luckett has a new lifetime film. I thought my husband's wife was dead. And we gonna talk to Latoya Luckett when we come back to Don't move us. The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yo, she has a new movie Premiering Saturday, August 3rd. I thought my husband's wife was dead. Ladies and gentlemen. Latoya Luckett. Good morning up y'all. Good morning. How you feeling? Oh, I'm up. God bless me with another day. I'm up. There you Go. You know I keep looking at the title of this movie. And I. Just can't figure out what it's about. You know what? I thought the same thing when I read the script, I was like, what?


Actually it it, it was intriguing. Okay. I was like, okay, what is this really about? My character Victoria, I'll start there. Vicky was presumed dead and when she shows back up, she just wreaks havoc. She shows back up to her current husband's home and is greeted by his new wife. I'll say that Current husband or ex-husband, but try to get a Divorce. It's it's current. Okay. That's why you gotta watch the movie all. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So they, she shows up to her current husband's home and meets his new wife Five years. I mean, in, in, in in real life. Would you be upset if, if your man moved on If he thought that I was presumed dead? No, I wouldn't be upset about that. I wouldn't be upset about that. I mean, 'cause obviously life goes on And I wouldn't wanna make him feel like he can't move on with his life.


You know, can't find love again. I think that's a bit unfair. I don't think I could as a man unless I knew for sure. No, I don't think I could because There was no body. Yeah. I would have to know for sure. Yeah. But See that's the thing. That's why you gotta watch the movie because this is a different, this different. Yeah. If something that it depends on the situation With the way, it does depend on the situation. Now if I, if my significant other passed on and this wasn't the case, then no I'm not gonna Yeah. Say he can't marry or or not go in peace knowing that he would probably remarry in the next couple of years. No. Do you feel like Tory came back a little too entitled? No. No. Oh no. Not at all. Nope. Nope. She came back to get what was hers. Absolutely well deserved. I mean, you were talking to, I mean you were talking life insurance policy.


You were talking everything that was in that house. Run me. Run me. Run me. My son. Who? We thought you were Dead. Yeah. What's up? But I ain't Hello. Good to see you. Run me my fun. Mm, very true. Oh no, no, no, no. We got to And I. Think You know. I do see both sides. I understand that. They probably thought, okay, we can move on with our lives. We can invest here. We can invest there. But I think obviously when she shows back up, it's like, okay, this does belong to her. This came from her father You. know what I mean? Is this really mine? I'm gonna at that point say, okay, whatever we gotta do to fix this and whatever makes you comfortable. 'cause obviously you've probably been through some things. However we can help. I'm here for it.


But I don't, I don't necessarily know if she was greeted with that energy. You were. It's hard to talk about the movie without people. It is. I'm spoiling it. That's why you Gotta watch And they're spoiling it. Yeah. 'cause that's the Thing. Exactly. And don't be the watcher that watches for 30 seconds and be like, okay, what's next? Lemme just throw my at you. Thank You know everything. You know you have to be invested in this movie because it's not a slow movie. Movie at all. As a matter of fact, it's gonna catch, it's gonna catch you immediately. But I feel like in order for you to really get into it, you have to put some things down, sit there and actually watch, engage. And then I think your mind is gonna be blown by the end of the Movie. You have to have a little crazy in, in you to do this, to play this character. Uhuh. See, I had to tap into something. You tapped into something. But The thing about being an actor, you can't judge the character.


So I couldn't go into this thing saying, well Toya wouldn't do that. Or would Toya really say that? Or I can't do that. And the reason I decided to play this character is 'cause I felt her story deserved to be told. And there are people out here not going through something as extreme as this, but people that are maybe suffering in silence or they feel they're being treated unfairly in a marriage or any kind of relationship and they don't have the guts to speak up about it. So I enjoy playing roles. You know, like this And I wanted to feel stretched. This was something that was out of the ordinary for me. I've played the well to do wife who has it all together. No, I wanted, I got in there And I was like, strip me down. I wanna look absolutely crazy. And when I was sending photos from set to like my family members, they were like, okay, wait, what?


Let me show up. Where you at? Because this, You look nuts. You ever got that crazy in in a real relationship? You ever at all had to get a little crazy You? Know what's so funny? Uhoh at the airport Just yesterday. Oh, you got crazy yesterday. I was looking, I didn't get crazy yesterday. I was looking through my phone for something. And I saw that I had stored a side chick's number from my ex-boyfriend in my phone. I was like, why do I still have this? You forgot to call her. I never called her. Yeah, but Why Do I even have this in here? Because you wanted to call it Just in case. It was just a Just in case. Yeah, Just Just in case. But I had to have a little bit of offness. There was a little bit of something. How Long was it in before? Why does that mean off? It's been there for I maybe two before Covid.


Wait, I'm gonna say 2007. Jesus. That's why I was like, why is, I know I've had several phones since this. Did you feel like just texting him and be like, Hey, you still with him? I'm not, but I just wanna know You know. Did it work out for y'all? It did not. It it did. It did not. He is okay. No, I don't think he's a settling type, but I just feel like I had to have a little bit of some off. I don't think that means you off. Why did I have it though? Because you wanted to call her and see what was going on. Woman to woman. I'm just calling you woman to woman. I had the, I was ready to go for the woman to woman conversation. Yeah. Right. But I didn't even, but I'm also the type that I'm like, I'm not even gonna give you that type of energy. Like okay, if I'm not Finn, be in no competition, but no man or anybody. So If, you want him sis. And if he want you, by all means Gotcha.


You know y'all have that. But I don't Did you, did you erase the number? I did not. We should go just in case. Just in case. I should go and handle that. If she's a well known side chick, you never know. No, She's not. She was very, and at, at the end of the day, me and her probably could have been friends. Mm. She's super sweet, quiet to herself. No issue. Why the hell You Know all of this about this baby? You did a whole profile check on her. She sweet. She she's a Virgo. Social security and number is You know. No, no. I did. Yeah. That we got off that. But yeah, that, that, that did. Yeah. I thought about that last Night. Now, not to give away too much of the movie, but would the money that you were owed make up for everything that happened to you?


No. Okay. Oh no. This woman was terrified. Okay. Oh, this was, it was awful. Like, I can't even begin to describe the things that she went through. She went through some things. So no money doesn't make up for it. But it's best they can do. I mean, they, you can't make up for time. You can't get time back. And she lost what, six years? Yeah. Lost five, six years. Oh, you can't get that time back. You know there were things that she wanted to do in her life. She was You know she wanted to have children, she wanted to You know, do things with her business. All these, she can't get that time back. Yeah. You can't buy that time back. What I love about the movie is that you actually played well Vicki or Tori goes through both. Yeah. Right. Both, all the traumas, like losing our parents early and them being kidnapped and almost killed and all of that.


What are some things that you, that you had to do to get ready for this? 'cause this is a pretty serious role. Very, very, very. I did like do some research and look up things on, 'cause I, I didn't get the chance to, I really wanted to go and sit with some women who had, even if they were in shelters, like to, to talk to women who had been through abusive or You know domestic violence relationships. I've known people that have experienced that before. But I did read up on things like that. Re You know kidnappings. Yeah. It's a whole, whole lot. You, it's, it's, it's something you actually have to I'm sure experience in order to really tap, like truly tap into it. But honestly, I just went into it not judging it, allowing myself to feel those moments when we did the kidnapping scenes, when we did the stuff in the forest or whatever, like I was afraid, like we were shooting those scenes at night.


I'm a scaredy cat. I don't even watch scared cat.


I have a way to make your morning more efficient. You can get caught up on the news in about seven minutes. That is my promise to you as the host of the seven podcast from the Washington Post. And in that time, I will run down seven stories, everything from the most important headlines to fascinating new information you might miss. Otherwise, my name's Hannah Jewel. Go follow the seven right now, wherever you're listening, and we will get you caught up Tomorrow.


The Paris Olympics begin with the most stunning opening ceremony yet as the sun sets over the city of light, a parade of boats will carry the Olympic athletes through one of The world's most beautiful cities, and onto an epic celebration at the Eiffel Tower. Join Mike Tarico, Peyton, Manny Kelly Clarkson, and Snoop Dogg for the opening ceremony of the Paris Olympics. Tomorrow 7 36 30 central on NBC in Peacock@public.com.


We've brought all your investing together in one place. From stocks to options bonds to treasuries and crypto. It's all here. You can even put your cash to work at an industry leading 5.1% a PY. It's the most simple yet sophisticated investing experience on the market. A place where all your investments are just a tap away because why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all. Meet your new primary portfolio public.com. A US-based company and member of finra with award-winning customer support. All your investing in one place, 5.1% a PY is of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C. Not a bank, not investment advice.


Overspending on Amazon Earn while you shop with drop. Earn rewards on every purchase online or in store. Download. Drop now and use code. Drop one one to get $5 in points. Get rewarded for shopping today.


Judy was boring. Hello then Judy discovered chumba casino.com. It's My little escape. Now Judy's the life of the party. Oh, baby Mama's bringing home the bacon. Whoa. Take it easy. Judy Chba. The Chumba life is for everybody. So go to chua casino.com and play over a hundred casino style games. Join today and play for free for your chance to redeem some serious prices. Chumba chupa casino.com. No purchase necessary void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions for details.


Commercials like below. So it felt very Real. I'm it very real. So I allowed myself to feel that fear. I allowed myself to You know, feel like, okay, I don't know what's gonna happen next. What's You know? Even though cameras were rolling, I knew homies gonna push You know pop out the bushes. I still in that moment allowed myself to feel, how do you come back from that? That's where the process was. It was being able to snap out of that and leave all of those emotions on set. That was the hardest part, like going back to your room and not carrying that. Because even with some of the emotional scenes, I had to tap into some of my own traumas. And there was so many times where the cameras would stop rolling and they would yell, cut And. I would be crying for another 30 minutes because I was still there and still shook and still could feel all of those feelings.


And I said, okay, okay, you doing your work today? You're doing your work today. Because if I'm having to call my therapist after a scene, that means I really tapped into something that I thought I was probably over. And would you do Another role like this? I would, because I do feel like sometimes people are scared to play roles like this. They don't wanna be ugly on camera. They don't want people to see that ugly cry. They don't want people to see them. You know outside of glam and nah. That's why I love being an actress outside of You know music is because I want people to see all sides of, first of all, Latoya. But also I truly wanna speak for women. I really want to be the best representative I possibly can.


And if there's a woman out there that is going through something like Victoria has gone through, I just, I think her story needs to be told. Word. Alright, we got more with Latoya Luckett when we come back. Don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. We're still kicking it with Latoya Luckett. Her New Life Time movie. I thought my husband's wife was dead. Is out on August 3rd. Jess Set outside of music. What'd you say that your love for actings surpass your love for music? Because I know music is your number one passion. That's It is. It is. But I mean, it's like asking which one is your favorite child?


I don't, they're both gifts given by God. And I love that he has allowed me and given me a platform to be able to share them. I can't say which one I love the most. Did you, did you always love acting or it was one of those things where music was your love and you was like, let me try this. And you fell in love with It. I, no, I just fell into acting. I would do school plays as a kid. We all did. Which one did you do but, huh? Rock Soup. Annie? No, pin. Noia Pinocchio. Yeah. My dog played Annie. He played Sandy and Annie. Okay. That's funny you say that. But yes. Your dog. My dog. My dog got casted to play Sandy and Annie in a Wolf Miller Outdoor Theater in Houston, Texas. Like that's a big thing. Where did that money go to? Does it go to you? You gotta donate to a shelter. Did. How was, does the Dog get paid for that?


I think my parents probably got it. I don't know where the, I don't know where the funds for that went. I know who got paid. The poor dog. Okay. The dog. I mean the food stayed the same. So he ain't get no extra trees or nothing. And went to the dog Sue you later for treatment. Wrong Rest. Sold Sam. Oh he damn. Yeah, he died a long time ago. No, we damn. I sorry. Peta or Peta? The dog is dead. I don't know if the debate the baby got paid. I don't know if the baby got got paid. I'll ask You know what? I'll ask my mom and dad later on about that. But I fell into acting. I was on the road with a play. That was my first time really doing anything to do with acne. And I got a call from an agency, paradigm agency and they asked to take a meeting they sent me on my first audition. My first audition was for Preacher's kid. I got casted as it was a smaller role.


And then I think a week before they actually started production, they asked me would I be okay with taking the lead. And I didn't think twice I got on a plane in Atlanta and here we are Back. I always wonder how is life in the industry different now from when you first started? 'cause this feels like a whole new world. Whole New world. I mean, you gotta think I started when I was 12 years old. Wow. We were singing everywhere. I mean in front of grocery stores on planes, anywhere that our voices could be heard. Talent shows The grind was different. Like I feel like everything's hap happens a lot faster now. Of course we have social media platforms. People can post their music, YouTube, all these Sound Cloud, all these things that wasn't available to us.


So it, we depended on local news. We depended on just You know local talent shows the, the hot local producers to produce our records. The grind was a lot tougher. I feel like the barrier, the barrier of entry was tougher too. Absolutely. The first of all, the main goal was to get a record deal. Now you don't really even need that. Yeah. You know what I mean? So If, you got your record deal. Oh, you was on You know. Or to even get the attention If, you think back in the day you had to get a manager first. So getting a manager was like the big deal before our time. And then to get a producer to recognize you so that they would produce your album. It was so many huge steps that you had to take before you got your big opportunity.


That's why I think like once you got that big opportunity, it was, it was a different feeling. You didn't take it lightly. You showed up. We showed up when we know how to show up on time, we showed up ready. The live performances, we was given it all. I mean, you had to be able to sing, act, and dance when we was coming up. Mm. You had to have all of the things And, I think now it's just a little different. Would you want your kids To, to jump in? You ain't gotta have no talent. No, I'm not saying that. Okay. You got, you got obviously folk got to like you for Something. Would you want your kids to, to be in this industry? You know what? I wouldn't, I wouldn't say don't. I would, I would share my experiences with them and say, Hey honey, this ain't for the week.


And don't do it. Don't just do it for money. Why you say you wouldn't? I wouldn't because I know mentally the things that you have to go through. I saw a lot. I've seen a whole, whole lot, good and bad in my time in this entertainment industry. And, I know that I had to become a different type of person. I've never hardened my heart towards anybody. But you have to have a very strong mentality to be in this industry and unwavering in your faith in so many other things. You have to stay true to yourself. And, I think that nowadays, especially with You, know the new generation. Somebody leave a bad comment on Instagram. They ready to be done. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, Yeah. You know what I mean?


You can't be that fragile. Now you said your faith tested. What was the, the worst test that you had to overcome? Or what was the worst thing that you've seen? Without saying names, of course. Oh, shut. I mean, I've seen some things. I mean, of course I had my experience, which we went through that as children. So thank God whoa. You know with, with having to go through. Even just not being, having friendships, kid friendships. Like we started at 12, some of us started at nine. So to lose a best friend or not You know, have that communication with them anymore. And for that to be such a major, major change shift in your life to be able to have to deal with that. And back then, like therapists weren't in right. We didn't have a therapist to walk us through a transition like that.


So it was basically, I think for me, the grace of God that he was able to put angels in my life to help guide me into You, know the next phase of my life. And, I. Don't know how many people would've been able to survive that. And also You know, you see greed, you see greed in this industry a lot. You see people caring about you one day. And this is not me speaking on my experience, but people love you one day and the next day. It's what, I don't even know their name. Who, who. You gotta just be a different kind of person to deal with that. I was gonna ask you, 'cause you said You know you can't be too fragile. And you did kind of touch on 'em. You said there was no therapist back then, but even back then, y'all had to be fragile too. Yeah. So if it wasn't for those people walking y'all through, you'd, I'm sure you did crack at What I mean. I mean, here's the cool part.


Like there wasn't like shave room or media takeout to see the cracking. Like I was able to actually do, have my, my feelings and my mess ups in my emotions, in my, the comfort of my home Until Wendy Williams found out there wasn't Wendy Williams back then. I, There was, but Wendy did, didn't have, she ain't had nothing to say about me, thank God. And I was, I was just able to heal and go through everything that I needed to go through without a camera in my face or a blog finding out or something like that. And I. Remember when everything first happened? I was in my bedroom listening to the local radio station and they started talking about it. And I was alone in my room. 17, 18 years old.


And I. Just remember putting the sheets over my head. By it you mean the breakup? Yeah. Yeah. I'm sure. Yeah. That's gotta be like frustrating to constantly hear about because it's like, yeah, They, that didn't go away for a while. Yeah, it didn't go away. And it, and it's like having a for real re it's a divorce. It's a major divorce. And seeing your partner move on and be successful and folk love him and You know. And here's the part, like I am glad that that situation happened because one, I was able to, I'm a pre pk, but I got to know God on a whole nother level You. know what I mean? My relationship with God changed. I also became confident in myself had I not You know, gone through that, I wouldn't have become a solo artist.


I didn't even feel that I was even ready to move on or be a part of this industry. After that happened and got allowed the opportunity for me to get back in the studio, then I got a record, then I got a record deal. Then I started performing And. I was having like major breakdowns before even going live on stage. 'cause I was like, I'm up here by myself. Like, what am I gonna do? But had I not gone through those things, I don't think I would be as confident as I am today. I don't think I would believe in my voice the way that I do today. I don't think that I would've even said, okay, I'm gonna expand and believe in God to take on this new career as an actress. I probably just would've stayed in my comfort zone. Right? So I'm, I'm glad.


All right. Well don't move. We got more with Latoya Luckett. When we come back, it's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We still kicking it with Latoya. Luckett Charlamagne Question. 'cause you said something just not that made me think about it. You know. You said you watching everybody go on to have tremendous success, right? Yeah. But when you're in a group like a Destiny's child, I would think even at a young age, you kind of knew who was gonna be the breakout star. Like you knew, like, or, or did they tell or did they tell all of y'all that all of y'all was gonna be breakout stars? No. Okay. No. It was a team player mentality. So I don't think any of us, any of us at that time were thinking someone was gonna go solo. It was about the group. Group. And we were groomed to have that group mentality.


But I mean, come on, you hit that girl. Open her mouth. It's different. And I'm not gonna sit up here and, and compare myself or go, well, You know she doesn't deserve more opportunities. First of all, she brought me in the group. She showed up to school and showed me the T-shirt and asked me You know to audition for her dad. I, What did she say? Do you wanna be a child of Destiny? She did not say that because that was not the name of the group. Not it was called Girls Time at the time. You know. She said, You know you want intro, you wanna audition for my dad? And I said, absolutely. And she gave me the biggest break of my life. Wow. I will always be grateful for her. I will always admire her for her talents. This, I don't, I don't think I've ever met someone who worked harder than Beyonce.


Giselle knows that is not her name anymore. It's Beyonce knows Carter. I am so proud of everything that she's done and to even say that I was a part of a chapter of her life and a part of such a phenomenal group. Shout out to all the girls of the children, Kelly, Beyonce, Latvia, Michelle, love y'all all dearly. Happy birthday Michelle. Happy born, dig tan nitra. Happy birthday M But I'm grateful y'all, you'll never hear a ugly word. Y'all just had a reunion too. Well, the semi union early This year, we all in this, we were in the same room for the first time ever. And it was a, I really still can't wrap my head around that moment because we, I've all been around all of them individually over the You know, past few years.


But having us all in the same room at the same time with all our different energies was kind of like, Hey, okay. You know we were, we're You know moms, wives, all the things. We were talking more about that. And then we, we prayed together, we hugged, cried. Wow. And yeah. Beautiful. People Always would ask, is there any possibility of a reunion tour? I do not know reunion song. I'd Be down for reunion Show. I Listen. I would love something like that. Who would, if the opportunity presented itself, I would welcome it. Yeah. I saw you earlier this year. You said that Beyonce created a wonderful space for the Destiny. Destiny child reunion. She Did. She really, really did. Yeah. It was so cute when she, when she came off stage, she was on her, her cart, her and Jay. She danged it, hopped at off that cart while it was still moving to come and embrace us and give us a hug.


And she's like, yes girl, this outfit, da da da You know. Immediately we went, first of all to watch her go from doing, was that a three hour show? Yes. It was a three hours. Okay. Yes. My female hours, it was three hours, three hour show go backstage. I don't know how the baby switch into that hoodie so quick. That black hoodie outfit got on the cart with her husband. Immediately that energy presented itself. Okay. She's gone right into wife mode and then she hops off the cart and the children just run And. I said, okay, she, she didn't even have time to woosah. She goes right back into being a mom. You know. And then we're there and there's this big new moment for her.


I'm like, how is she taking all this on And I at that moment wanted to go, girl, can you have 10 minutes? Can somebody bring her some water, some lemon? You need some towels. She didn't really get to have that. She just went with the flow. But it was beautiful to see her come off the stage entertaining, I don't know how many people, over 75,000 people. Yeah. And go straight into making sure she was present for her daughters. That's dope. Who were present there. You know. That just speaks to who she is. It really does. I do Have one last question. 'cause you said you wouldn't want your kids in the business. I said that I, what I had said Shana, okay, was, I wouldn't say don't be in the business, but what I would do is share my experience. I would say it's not for the week. Also, I'm a person that feels like God doesn't take you through things for nothing.


And, I love to share my testimony. I love to share things that I've been through so that it will hopefully be a learning experience for somebody else. And also show somebody, hey, even though you might be going through a storm right now, there's light at the end of the tunnel. It might be for real. Might be okay. That's right. You might come out of this thing. All right. That's right. So I would share that with my children and say, Hey, You know if you're gonna do it. You better be serious about it. Don't do it just for no money. Don't do it just for fun. But you gotta do it for the deep love of, of it. When I say love, I'm talking about that unfailing love. Mm. I'm talking about that when it hurts, when you don't feel like doing it no more. When you tired, when you don't feel like showing up for people, when you don't feel like performing. When you having a bad day, when somebody done piss you off right before or says something to throw you off, you still gotta get up there and share your gift If.


you can still do it and not think or blink twice then do It. Well, my question is, why didn't you share all of that amazing advice with your dog? You just let your dog go out there. Are we still talking about Sam You? Know he didn't Come to be with the Lord. Latoya, we appreciate you for joining us. Absolutely. We Love you. That's not my man. Thank you. That is not, That is not, don't like him. I don't like him. Well thank you for joining us. Latoya Lucky. Thank you. Can we please watch the movie y'all? I thought My husband dog was dead Saturday. It's not Third. I put my husband And I. Thought my husband's dog was dead. No thought Lifetime thought my husband's wife was dead. Yes. What? Just watch the movie If you girl in there looking all the way crazy. Just know that. And it's a lifetime movie. It's a lifetime movie.


Saturday, August 3rd. I thought my husband's wife was dead. I know it's a long title, but please watch it. It's very intriguing. Like you said, it make you wanna be like, okay. Thank you Jess. And blessings to you and your, the rest of your pregnancy. I hope baby. Thank you. Shows up soon and on time and healthy. Yes. And blessed and favored in Jesus name. There you Go. Thank you so much. Yes. All right. It's Latoya Luckett. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's djj. nv Jess. Hilarious Charlemagne to God. We are The Breakfast, Club Jess. Hilarious is out today, but we holding it down for hustle. Let's get to Jess with the mess. Real Jess Robin Moore. Jess don't do no lying. Don't she don't nobody worldwide.


Worldwide method on The, Breakfast, Club. She's the cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. That's time to set it door.


While All my chicken fans and my Popeye's fans Popeye's have you If, you haven't heard release six new flavors, ghost pepper, sweet and spicy, honey, barbecue, roasted garlic, Parmesan signature hot and honey lemon pepper. Is their this An ad or you just being a fat nigga? Well I'm, I'm telling you about something. So that is their their If. you are a chicken lover. That's their, their new recipes and their new flavors that they have out. Well Cardi B was having a late night session in the studio and she decided to try some and here's what she said after trying it, Papa, I already fumbled with this flavor because this flavor is not it like this lemon pepper flavor with honey or the sweet taste on it. It just, it's just not good. It tastes like a Sprite soda. I don't like it from one through 10. I'll give it a two. I like the other one. I like the sweet heat. I was trying to be a little different. I was trying to do lemon pepper. I did not thought it was gonna come with a sweet kick to it. I don't like it. It's a dub now. I'm mad. Well, Popeye's responded. Popeye said If, you can't take the heat the get outta the kitchen and we are in the kitchen a lot. We welcome all wing rankings and reviews as we believe Variety is the spice of life. And that's why we have six flavors for wing enthusiasts like you Cardi. So hopefully you can enjoy Bacardi was in the studio hopefully wrapping up her latest album. No, that's why the second album take her so long. She eating Popeyes at three in the morning and falling asleep. She ain't finishing none of them damn sessions. 'cause she catching Ida eating Popeye at three, four in the morning. That might be it too. But yeah, so that was her. So If you if you're gonna go try it, try it and she didn't like it but maybe you will.


Now Tory Lanes or my Tory Lanes fans, he's releasing a new album tomorrow. It's gonna call Prison Tapes and he released some audio of him talking about If. you type that in on PornHub, you probably see something nasty. Type in prison tapes on PornHub and see what come up. Is that The first thing that came to your mind? Brandon? Do that real Quick. You ain't doing Brandon's like Brandon's like you ain't doing. See what come up? Just tell me some of the titles once you type it in. Alright, Let's hear what Tory Lean had to say. Yo, the umbrellas was good man. Quick update 2024. I got a lot of good news man. First and foremost, I want to talk about the music after about 20 something to 30 something ups of mistakes. We by finally figured out how to record music over the jail folder and still keep the quality as professional as I had it on the street.


It's over. I done track the to man. This means that not even these prison walls can stop you from dropping new music. It's crazy. That being said, man, I'm about to start dropping hot heaps of calls on y'all head top You. know what I mean? I'm dropping the all new free toy playlist. It's gonna be updated every week with new music that I'm recording from prison in real time. You know this is the first of his kind and although God has already showed me that this moment is only temporary, he speaks testimony to the fact that no matter where they put me, they can't lock down my spirit. My ambition, my soul, my passion, nor my destiny umbrella. I'll be home very soon, but in the meanwhile, free toy playlists on the way. You all right. Hey, they got prison tapes on point up for real. Brandon looked it up.


So what's, what's, what's on there? What, what? What are the prisoners? Hot sex in the prison cell. I'm not clicking on the video. Hot sex in the prison cell taking BBC while in jail. What I'm, yeah, this is nasty. I'm cool on that. That's gonna be your search history now, Brandon. Yeah, so that is Tory Lanes. And lastly, KASA Knight premiered premiered a new Drake and little Yachty song during his live stream, which we are about to get on right now. And one of Drake's producers, Gordo, he actually spoke out. He says, ever since this all happened, I've seen him happier. It's really weird. He's pretty jolly. The internet makes it seem like, oh, that photo, he's all sadden ish.


That's just a bad photo from a bad camera. But because it's him, it's put under a magnifying glass. Like, oh, look at his eyes, he's looking a little droopy. He hasn't s slept.


I have a way to make your morning more efficient. You can get caught up on the news in about seven minutes. That is my promise to you as the host of the seven podcast from the Washington Post. And in that time I will run down seven stories, everything from the most important headlines to fascinating new information you might miss. Otherwise, my name's Hannah Jewel. Go follow the seven right now, wherever you're listening, and we will get you caught up Tomorrow.


The Paris Olympics begin with the most stunning opening ceremony yet as the sun sets over the city of light, a parade of boats will carry the Olympic athletes through one of the world's most beautiful cities and onto an epic celebration at the Eiffel Tower. Join Mike Tarico, Peyton, Manny Kelly Clarkson, and Snoop Dogg for the opening ceremony of the Paris Olympics. Tomorrow 7 36 30 central on NBC in Peacock@public.com.


We've brought all your investing together in one place. From stocks to options bonds to treasuries and crypto. It's all here. You can even put your cash to work at an industry leading 5.1% a PY. It's the most simple yet sophisticated investing experience on the market. A place where all your investments are just a tap away because why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all. Meet your new primary portfolio public.com. A US-based company and member of finra. With award-winning customer support, all you are investing in one place, 5.1% a PY as of 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C. Not a bank, not investment advice


Ever. Wolf down a big Mac and thought I need some extra cash. Then download the drop app. Get rewarded for dining out and more use code drop two two for $5 in points. Download drop now.


Tired of ads barging into your favorite news podcasts. Good news ad free listening is available on Amazon Music for all the music plus top podcasts included with your prime membership. Stay up to date on everything newsworthy by downloading the Amazon music app for free. Or go to amazon.com/news ad free. That's amazon.com/news ad free to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads.


But the guy's been happy as ish to be honest. He is just chilling. Who's that talking? That's one of Drake's producers. Godo. What Drake post to do he post? He don't cry when you're around y'all. He cry in the car. Shut up man. He cry in the you can't escape. Not like us. All right. What you supposed to do? Cry in front of y'all? Yeah, but I guess he's referring to the picture of it was Drake and Michael Rubin and people would say he just looked so sad in the picture. You'd be sad in a party too. If, you don't know if the DJ gonna try you or not. You watching your back every second, every second of the time. Every second of the day you in a party. You just like, damn man, if I go out, I'm probably gonna hear not like us. The best way for me to head not like us is to stay in the house. So if I'm in a party, a DJ just might try you.


It's the biggest song of the summer. I don't think anybody would try him while he's in the Club. It ain't about trying him though. But I gotta please the people. I can't say You. know what? I'm not gonna play this song. 'cause Drake here. What if mad people requesting the song? He can't Do that. You can't play that. Okay, well you not a DJ of the people. I always say DJ's a public servant. You're not serving the people. Then You know. Do you remember Back in the day when 50 and Ja and Ja was in the club and you play a 50 record DJs get Beat. They, they didn't have a knot like us though. They didn't have like none of the disc records. 50 have some amazing disc records of Ja, but they weren't This you can't avoid not like us, bro. Damn. All right, well that is just with the mess. Well that is the mess I should say. Jess is out today. But now we're gonna get that song on right after this donkey tease.


Who you giving your donkey too before After the hour. I'm gonna tell y'all while I think why I think Jesus is on TikTok. What? Well, let's discuss. Alright, well let's get into the joint right now. This is new Drake featuring little Yachty. Let us know what you think. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning donkey. The day's up next. Don't be out here acting like a donkey. Pee high bitch ke high. It's Time for donkey of the day. I'm a big boy. I could take it If. you feel I deserve it? Ain't no big deal. I know Charlemagne guy gonna have some funny sleep. Say out his mouth. If, you gotta say something you may not agree with. Doesn't mean, I'm mean Who's getting that donkey? That Donkey that Don Don Don Don. Donkey donkey of the day right there. The. Breakfast. Club. Bitches. You Can call me the donkey of the day, but like I mean no harm.


Yes, donkey. Today for Thursday, July 25th goes to Kristen Battle Clady. I think I said her last name wrong. Kristen is 35 years old and yesterday she entered a guilty plea on one counter wire fraud. Now let me give you a little backstory on Christian. She's a former administrative assistant at a Tuscaloosa Tuscaloosa Catholic church and she has pleaded guilty to embezzling money. Yes, Kristen was stealing from the church. So many people's tithes and offerings didn't make it to the Lord. Ought the pastor, because Kristen got to it first. Kristen stole approximately $300,000, 300 grand from St. Francis. And it's one thing to steal from the church that's just disgusting. Okay? Legally and morally, that's the place you worship.


They serve the community. People give 10% of their hard earned money. Tithing, showing trust in God, relying on God to meet needs while also becoming more aware of the needs of others. They give an offering, which is just more to say. They just tell you it means something different. Okay? Tithing shows trust in God. Offerings are usually outta gratitude for what God has done. Same thing. Meanwhile, God like y'all think I need money? What you, what You think God paid contractors to build the Son? Huh? You think you think God got Mexicans patching holes on the moon that he has to take care of with a little cash? Stop it. Anyway. Christian stole this 300,000 and we haven't even got to the good part yet. Do You know what she used this money for? Let's go to Fox six News on your side for the report please.


A Former church employee pled guilty and a theft investigation at that Tuscaloosa Church. Prosecutors say, Kristin Betti stole $300,000 from St. Francis of a sissy Catholic church. You're Brian Henry at that pre-hearing and now live at five from outside of the Federal courthouse. Brian, long end here to a case we've been tracking for a while. Today's hearing was a mere formality admitting her guilt before the judge that admitted to stealing $300,000 to buy TikTok coins along with personal goods and items she could get up to 20 years from prison. $250,000 in fines or supervised release. Christian, what you celebrating the wrong creatives?


I mean, you got your creative priorities all mixed up. You stole 300,000 from the church to buy gifts on TikTok. You risking going to hell to buy TikTok coins 220,000 in TikTok coins to give to your favorite content creators. But you don't give a damn about the creator of all things. See, I can't handle this. Y'all okay? Your Uncle Shawla just can't handle this. Nope. This is why I'm letting the grades grow in. Okay? What is it? The grades. I'm a veteran OG status 46 years old, born in 1,978. I grew up before all this. So to be in a world now where a woman 35 years old would steal from people in the church who are tithing and offering, giving their hard earned coins to show gratitude to God, to steal from them, to buy TikTok coins, to watch people dance is insane to me.


Now I need to know who was Christian watching? Okay, who the hell was Christian following? Whose content was that fire that made you come up with a scheme to steal from a church? Okay. Alright. Who is your favorite TikTok creator? Christian. I have to know. This woman is now facing 20 years in prison, three years of supervised release and a fine of $250,000. I only have one logical reason she could have possibly thought this was okay. What? Jesus must be on TikTok. Mm. Jesus may have returned on the low and got an account on TikTok, probably going by the name Jesus. Jesus. Something like that You. know what I'm saying? And he over there turning water in the Cas Amigos. Okay? Jesus, over on TikTok not walking on water, he dancing the ya glow on the Atlantic Ocean.


Okay. Jesus probably on TikTok telling them he raised Joe Biden from the dead after the debate. Jesus on TikTok right now, it has to be, that's the only logical explanation I got as to why Christian will steal $300,000 from the church and give 220,000 of that to her favorite creators on TikTok. Okay? Jesus must be over there. That's all I got. Okay. She's not sentenced until 1126. And I would really like to know, are the TikTok creators going to return the favor? Huh? Where's the free Christian hashtags? Where's the free Christian challenge? See, Christian, you out here stealing from the only entity that can help you at a time like this. And that's the church. Okay? You need people praying for you right now because nobody on TikTok is right now.


You need the real creator, the creator of all things. And if you've been praying and feeling like it's not working, sadly, God doesn't notify users when they've been blocked. Please give Christian Balu the biggest chaw stealing from the church. Okay. The real creator to give the creators on TikTok when TikTok isn't doing nothing but imitating God. Okay? All they do is bite all God's designs. Speaking of biting, big Mac just walked in. You're, we didn't talk nothing about food though. No, no, but I'm, I'm part of the TikTok community. Oh, oh, And I am alive or I'm a creator, so I wanted to just kind of chime in on this.


Yeah. Mac me on TikTok a lot. Okay. Yeah. And, and it just bothers me because I don't get the, the gift that other people get. Like, I don't get unis. I don't get universes. I get people send me what's a uni? What do the Universe Uni is, is like, it's, it is an equivalent to like $550. So Really they're giving away universes on TikTok. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause people that's entertaining. God created the universe Continue. Right. But see, my issue is everybody sends me all the food gifts and they're not worth what the, the $500 They're worth like 10 cents. But I get like the gummy bears and the ice cream cones and hotdog and the, that ain't God. And I. I'm entertaining too. Okay. I, I deserve a uni. I'm as big as a universe. Why wouldn't I get a universe?


You want cash is what you saying? Oh, and a lion rah. How much is lion? About? I think it's like 220 something dollars. God created lines. Yeah, I'm trying to Know that. And I. And also on my, on my live right now at Radio Big Mac on TikTok, we are forming a a, a strip club for fat people. So every day we go on live, we get different names. So right now what's winning is rolls and poles and Nickelodeon. So If, you want to get on my live and and we see this. Y'all gonna have a fat people script club? Yeah. Yeah. Because there's a lot of chubby chasers out there and there's no home for people that like You know. So the Dances, I'm, I'm here for Big Back City. I'm with you on that. Back big back City is big back city. I'm with that. I'm with you. I'm here for you. I'm here for you. What y'all Need. We weren't sure if it was just gonna be big guys or big girls because originally we had Ding-Dongs for big guys.


But then the, the community on TikTok, they told us it's, we call ourselves Team Europe. We, they decided it should be guys and girls. So we shouldn't separate us. Are you tipping dollars or food when they dance? No, that's what I'm saying. They send me the food gifts all the time. Like I wanted, I Wonder Lion the Reverse thing about Big Back City, the fat script club. Like when you order wings, they just bring you out a basket of bones. 'cause they didn't make it to your section all. Yeah, That's right. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. So that's what we working on right now. Okay. Well good luck. Thank you Luck with I appreciate that. Have have a blessed day, man, Eric. Okay. Okay. All right. Well thank you for that donkey Today. Yes indeed. Alright, Now when we come back, Jess hilarious is out today. So usually we do just fix my mess.


But today is as CNE 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need relationship advice or any type of advice you can call us up right now. (800) 585-1051. Call us up right now is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. That time again. Ask Charlamagne and DJ Envy anything. Pick It up. Pick it up. Pick it up. It's time to ask c and e. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast, Club just as out today. So we're doing as c and e If. you need our relationship advice at any type of advice you can call us. Hello? Who's this?


Yeah, this is Brandon. What's up Brandon? Hey, how you doing? Good. What's your question, brother? I got a question. Say I was dealing with this young lady, right? We first met, she said she wanted to be in a situation shift. Like just wanna have fun, hang out, do whatever, whatever. So we are kicking it, kicking it. And then all of a sudden I was over at house past weekend. I fall asleep. I get hit in the face by my cell phone. She goes through my phone and finds out You know I was talking to other women. That's your dumb ass. See now, now I don't want to hear no more. Not because because you you was cheating. No black men don't cheat. He said he was in a situationship. There's not a relationship. He said that. No, that means she's open to do with she wants to do, she could do I to Do home for the situation. Shit. How it was her idea. That's what she said. She said she just wants to have fun and hang out.


That ain't, she wasn't ready for a relationship. She don't wanna be in a relationship. Yeah, but she ain't tell you to sleep with other people, did she? Nah, that's the thing though. I wasn't sleeping with anybody. I was just talking. So you wanna be in a relationship with her, but she didn't want to be one of you with you. But now when she sees you talking to other women, she's tight. Yeah, exactly. Like I, I didn't sleep with any other woman. This conversation, Y'all ain't see y'all not being completely honest with each other. Y'all just giving each other selective honesty here and there. You gotta lay it all out. My brother. You gotta say, look, I'm either gonna be with you and be committed to you or we gonna have this situationship and I'm gonna creep with other people. But he tried. If y'all ain't having that conversation, then no, then, then she got, she got a reason to be mad. He tried to have a relationship. She said, no, you Not listening to what I'm saying.


Yeah, I I I understand you to a certain extent. Yeah. I could see why she being mad. Feelings get involved. But you set the ground up for the relationship. It was, I was following your rules and your turn, But you did not tell her that you would be creeping with other people. I don't feel as though I shoulda had to say anything if we were in this situation. Shit. Well, well now, well now, I mean, that's what you should did. If it's a Situation, shit, listen to me from the beginning. You Should have been like, I'm talking to other chicks as well. But she Did not just say that. Yeah, you did. But you you said it nasty. So man, shut up. He wasn't, he wasn't giving. Yeah. Yeah. He was a little mean You know, I'm in Columbia, dude out to South Carolina. Salute to the 8 0 3. Yeah. Wasn't giving, you didn't want to hear what I was saying. You know what, I'm right now. Have a good day. No, I you too, brother. I appreciate it. All right.


Why you trying to hang up on that man like that? I ain't got, I'm gonna marry, man. I don't talk to people in situations. Okay. That ain't serious enough for me. All right. See, that's your problem. Okay. He talking to the people that ain't, he just needed smell. You, you a you, you're a married man. He just said he needed smell. I ain't talk to people in situation. Hello? Who's this? I'm bougie. Yes, Sir. Hey, hey. What's up brother? What's your question? Hey, so when y'all, y'all wise, obviously y'all made the right decision. Did you hear God's voice or did you see God through your woman? Yes sir. I did. Every day of my life. Soon As I seen her, I absolutely, positively did. And to this day right now, I see God. I tell, I see my, I see I say that to my daughters too. I see God and my wife and my daughters every day. Okay. That's what I needed to hear.


It's go time. All Right. Well, you ready to get married? I ain't about to get married, but I'm about to make some changes so that can, we can solidify. You gonna Propose. There we go. Make that proposal fire too. I, I had a fire proposal. Okay. I got engaged. Well, don't worry about, well I got engaged on an island called Anguilla, but you do what you do You know what I'm saying? But just make it fire. Yes sir. Okay. Yeah. I'll be out in Anguilla in, in January, February, but I got you. Oh, there you go. Well, good luck bro. That's, that's home. I love it. Hey, we locked in. I appreciate y'all. All righty now. Alright. As C and E 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need relationship advice at any type of advice as c and e Now is The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning.


Ask Charlamagne and DJ Envy anything. Pick It up. Pick it up. Pick it up. It's time to ask C and e. Morning everybody. It's DJNV Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne ne guy. We are The, Breakfast, Club. Usually we do just fix my mess. But Jess is out. So we are calling you call, we are asking you to call us up, If. you need any type of advice, relationship advice or whatever it may be. We are here for you. Hello. Who's this? My Name's Name. Antonio. What's up? Hey, what's up brother? What's your question for c and E? It's pretty simple, man. I work a lot. I work really long hours and my girlfriend thinks I'm cheating. We've been together for a year. What do I do when she thinks I'm cheating, but I'm just out here simply getting that bag. Are You cheating? Have you cheated before and got caught?


Nah, never. Okay, well That's good. Well, why is she, why does she think you're cheating? Honestly, I think it's the long hours. I mean, I do have female coworkers. My one female coworker is considered like my best friend and You know they met, so it's weird. But she accused me of cheating multiple times. And I ain't do nothing wrong. Like I just worked really long hours. I'm gonna tell you something. And I mean this sincerely. And there's just something to look into. I don't know. I'm not saying it's true. Just something to look into. If you not cheating and you haven't cheated and you haven't given your woman any reason to feel You know, insecure. She might have a guilty conscience 'cause she might be doing something she ain't got no business doing. I'm just saying that you might wanna look into it.


That's all I'm saying. That's Facts. Or maybe she's been cheated on before and it's, and she's bringing past trauma into this new relationship. Nah, I get what you're saying. Have a good day. You too. Thank you. All Right. You just started an argument in this crib. He gonna go home right now. I know you cheat. Just gave him something to look into. That's all. You heard his voice? He is like Give, I called. She ain't answer the phone. Damn. Sorry homie. Hello? Who's this? Hi, this is Lisa. Hey Lisa. Good morning. Where you calling from? I'm Calling from Brooklyn. Okay, Lisa, what? What's your question for c and E? Okay, the question is, my husband, he was going outta town to make some money and got too comfortable up there.


When I looked on his phone, all I seen was him receiving or white woman. A white woman gave you a black husband, oral sex. A couple of them, not just one. Oh boy. Dr. Umar will be so upset with you, but with your husband. What happened? I wasn't listening. You said you was sleeping with white Boy? Yeah. No, no, not white boy. She said she told me that because I heard you say Dr. Umar. No, she said her husband went outta town. And when she took her husband's phone, she's seen her husband getting oral sex from random white women. Damn Haw Tour. See what happens when the Hawk tour goes mainstream. Were they doing a good job? Yo, come on man. Serious question. Were they doing a good job?


Well, You, I guess so. He was, he was going You know he was there for it. Well, how do you feel about this? Tell me how you really feel And how long you been married? We've been married for seven years and how I feel about it is that I think he got too comfortable up there. And also he's in jail now behind one of the white women. Oh. He's in jail and Also he'll go sign and won, sign the divorce papers. Oh, well, okay. Well If, you made your decision. It ain't your Problem no more. Nope. I I was gonna ask you, are you gonna leave him but shoot, he left you. He in jail. Yeah, I guess What happened with the white woman? What the white woman did? They Ain't doing nothing. They popped all sex to somebody else by Now. No, no.


I'm saying what did he do to her to end up in jail? Yeah. Why did, why'd he get locked up? Oh, see that I don't know because I You know that could his secret, but I can't say must guidance into it. Maybe he was speaking on her with another white woman if he got upset with him. And How old is he? Cops him. How old is he? 38. I'm gonna be honest with you. I don't feel sorry for him. You know why I don't feel sorry for him. Why? Because black men don't cheat. And when you put yourself in a situation that You know you ain't got no business in, you gotta deal with the consequences of it. He knew he ain't had no business cheating on you. He did it. And You know he had to pay the price for it. Yeah, The ultimate price. So what you want us to do, why you call him? I would just calling him, just say You know. Just and express myself.


Okay. You already gave me the answer. That was it. That's all he, he went get the dog the day though Too. That's right. Don't stress yourself out. Do not stress yourself out. That man made a choice and his choices have him in the situation that he's in right now. Exactly. That's right. Damn it, man. All right, well you have a good one, mama. Alright, thank you. Bye-Bye. All right. P Jesus. What you want me to say? I, that man ain't had no, that man knew what he was doing was wrong And he locked up now. And that's what happens. That's by the way, is just another example of why you shouldn't cheat If. you gonna commit yourself to a woman. You gotta really commit yourself to that woman. 'cause things like that will happen. When You know better. You supposed to do better. And when You know better and don't do better, you end up in situations like that.


Just, that's just how life works. Alright, Well as CNE 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now when we come back, we gotta talk about Booie. A couple of days ago we reported that his charges were dropped. Well, not anymore. We'll explain when we come back. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Come on man. Morning everybody that record, man. Steve j Envy. Just hilarious show ain the guy We are. The. Breakfast. Club. Good Morning And I. Know we played that Drake and Yachty record earlier, but I already said, man, the best thing Drake can do is take a break. Just get Low for a little Bit. Get low for a while and let nostalgia bring him back. Let people say after about six months to a year, damn man, remember Drake, remember when Drake used to do this?


Like let let nostalgia bring him back. It will. Mm, but you should get low for a minute. Alright, well let's get to Jess with the mess. Moore. Jess, don't do no lying. Nobody Worldwide. Just worldwide on The. Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to See. It's time to set it on. Now we gotta congratulate Jay-Z and Alicia Keys. Empire Estate of mine is now certified Diamond, so it is sold 10 million copies.


Okay, so congratulations. That's Jay's third diamond record. Number one is IGA in Paris with Kanye, of course this one and Umbrella with Rihanna. So congratulations to Jay's Z. Includes Bounce with JayZ, Emily. All right. Now the second lawsuit against Chris Brown and Yellow Bees. He popped up yesterday. Now Jess hilarious, who's out today reported that they were being sued over a fight over $50 million. And now the security guard working at the Dickies Arena in Fort Worth, Texas is now suing as well. So they're seeking no less than $15 million in damages. So that's another lawsuit.


Will Smith. I bet you're smart. Yeah. And you like to hold your own. In the group chat, We can help you drop even more knowledge. My name is Martine Powers. And I'm Ella Hey Isdi. We host a daily news podcast called Post Reports. Every weekday afternoon post reports takes you inside an important and interesting story with the kind of reporting that you can only get from the Washington Post. You can listen to post reports wherever you get your podcasts. Go find it now and hit follow Tomorrow. The Paris Olympics begin with the most stunning opening ceremony. Yet as the sun sets over the city of light, a parade of boats will carry the Olympic athletes through one of the world's most beautiful cities and onto an epic celebration at the Eiffel Tower.


Join Mike Tarico, Peyton, Manny Kelly Clarkson, and Snoop Dogg for the opening ceremony of the Paris Olympics Tomorrow seven 30. Six 30 central on NBC in Peacock. Are You still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more. In fact, at public dot com's high yield cash account, you could be earning an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees or balance requirements and you can access your cash whenever you want. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance. In other words, you can earn 5.1% a PY with the flexibility and security you deserve.


It's time to take your cash out of a traditional savings account. It's time to take advantage of one of the industry's best interest rates. There are no fees, period. And you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance. Start earning 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Fin Run, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more Is getting gas at Exxon. Burning a hole in your wallet. Get the Drop app with drop. You can earn free gift cards just by filling up your tank. Download drop now.


Use code drop six six to instantly receive $5 in points, Tired of ads barging into your favorite news podcasts. Good news ad free listening is available on Amazon Music. For all the music plus top podcasts included with your prime membership, stay up to date on everything newsworthy by downloading the Amazon music app for free. Or go to amazon.com/news ad free. That's amazon.com/news ad free to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads, He's gonna be releasing a a new album. It's official and his single is gonna be coming out tomorrow. And yesterday he did a little rap. You wanna hear it? Sure. Here it goes.


So up to my neck again. I ain't holding my breath again. Heads heavy that where's the crown. But I won't bow down that lesson, man. I'm a king no denying this. Every limit. I'm defiant. Everybody want to be a lion until it's time to do lion. Go on, go on, go on, go on. Go. Unc, go Unc, go unc All over me. It's over. Drop on the cool bombs for Big Willie. Okay, I'm checking for it. Is that the song that he did at the BET awards? I don't know what's coming out tomorrow. The song they, they think it's the song with Russ Because that sound like the Fresh Prince to me. I'm here for Fresh for that one. Yes, I'm here for Fresh Prince. I, I've never, I don't think I've, I've never been a fan of Will Smith's music but The Fresh Prince, I'm here for it.


Yeah, 'cause what Will Smith was getting jiggy with it. It was Welcome to Miami getting Jiggy with it. Do slap Don I can't lie to you. Nah, Nah, nah, nah, Nah, nah. You try to fight it but it'd be slap. Nah, Nah, nah. Especially If. you on vacation and you hear just up it slap it slaps. Alright now La Not lastly but Amber. Rose and Jocelyn. It looks like we talked about this a week ago and Charlemagne predicted that the footage would be released. But I will say this, I predicted this after she spoke at the RNC. Correct. And I said that there pro, what did I say? Say I forgot what I said. I know. What did we have the audio? Let me hear what I said. Yeah, we got the audio. I'll be forgetting what I say. Yeah. I don't care who Amber Rose chooses to support. Yeah. Politically. But I do have a feeling that that that footage of Jocelyn Hernandez jumping on Amber Rose that might leak in full.


They never showed it to us on BET. I have a feeling that that might leak. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know for just for other reasons. It can't. Yes, it, it didn't air on BEC but it definitely may leak. Yep. And they hear you say that they definitely gonna leak it faster. I think you here the thing about my clairvoyance, the way my clairvoyance is set up, I thought they was gonna leak it 'cause I thought she got beat up but that wasn't the case. You thought she got beat up. Oh, so you thought They were I thought, I thought somebody was gonna be mad at her 'cause she went maga and she was speaking at the RC convention, so I thought they was gonna leak it 'cause she got beat up. Oh. So my clairvoyance told me that it was gonna be leaked, but I thought it was gonna be leaked for other reasons. Oh yes. So it was leaked yesterday. She didn't get beat up? No, She didn't Get beat up. And Whi Khalifa actually commented on the video and said, damn, my b my BM got squabbles.


Yeah. So yeah. So it was leaked You know a little, but you knew half but you didn't know the whole thing. That's how my clairvoyance works. Spell clairvoyance. C-L-A-R-O-Y-B-A-N-C-E. See now If, you were wrong or right. I don't know, but I Exactly. A dumb ass. You spell something but you Dumb. I know it was wrong. It had to be wrong. I'm gonna try it. You try It. I don't even know if I spelled it right just now. I don't know either. Now Dream Doll, You know Dream Doll artist. Of course she was on Love and Hip Hop. She said that she wants to remove her BBLs Working in that environment, it was like, it kind of made me wanna do it. And then you felt the pressure. Yeah, but it's like I went and got surgery. And I kind of, I'm like, want to transition back to my natural body. Like do you feel like it's going out?


Fashion? Yeah. Really? Yeah. I feel like natural bodies are more and slim, slim, more slim, slim thick. I feel like that is like what's in right now. I wish I could have like my a cup back like so bad. But it's just, but why though? Because I Ms. Little boobs. But do you feel also that with your body you are overly sexualized? Yes. Sometimes. But also it's just like nothing fake. So ba basically there's a lot of women out there that don't like their BBLs, that don't like their, their big asses anymore. Don't like their big boobs. Don't like the, the funny looking lips. Don't like all the, the surgery that they have done and they want to get back to natural. Yeah. We knew that a bug's life phase wasn't going to last for a long time. Absolutely. We knew that y'all weren't gonna wanna walk around here looking like ants forever.


Okay. But I don't But you can't take out the, the, the ass implants. Right? I Don't know what you could do anymore. I don't know nothing about nothing no more y'all. I'm glad it's going back to Nashville. Y the problem with life, y'all keep acting like y'all know things. What You Mean? Everybody be acting like they know things. None of us know things anymore. Okay. Life just out here. Life and anything is possible. Okay. But I'm glad. I'm glad. 'cause like you said, everybody looked the same and no disrespect, but mostly I look stupid. Why? Why would that be Disrespect? They know they look stupid. That's why they're getting it removed. No, no. They thought it looked good. That's why they got it for first. But it Was a phase though. But that's why you said you shouldn't. Yeah, but You can't get fat asses and and surgery as phases. You shouldn't make, you could Wear clothes as phases. You can get stupid clothes, but that was a stupid clothes out. You can do that stuff as phases. I mean, think about all the stuff that our generation did as phases.


Ear, ear, piercings, the, the different piercings on your body. But you can take the ear out, You can take those piercings Out show, but you're still doing something to your body. Tattoos. I so many of us got a whole bunch of tattoos that we regret right now. So it's like, yeah, I get it. It's like it can be a phase. People do phases to their body. Sadly. I just don't think that you should make permanent decisions based off temporary feelings. And that whole walking around here looking like a red ant phase was definitely a phase. All right. And lastly, Busey Low Busey is facing new charges in connection to that San Diego arrest. Now last week Jess hilarious reported that his charges were dropped. But Busey put this on his page yesterday. He said, I'm on vacation with my family.


My lawyer called me and said, this federal prosecutor M Wheat has indicted me again on the same charge and added a charge that I was a drug attack around. I'm reading directly from Busi. He said a attack around a firearm. I guess they were saying it was drugs around a firearm. Why didn't you charge me with this the first time? The judge was, the judge has ruled at this point you're making this a circus. This has to be unconstitutional. So it looks like he's being charged again after it was just dropped. But it seems like he's being charged and more charges are added onto that charge as well. And that is the mess. Alright, Well I don't know what to tell you You.


know what I'm saying? Like, I mean it must suck 'cause the charges were dropped and then all of a sudden they came back and You know and recharged him and added a new charges. Something. That's what lawyers are for. I don't even know anything about that situation. Did I just tell you I don't know nothing about nothing. You did. Okay. I believe you. But your clairvoyance is what I was concerned About. That's what I be leaning on. My discernment and my clairvoyance. Oh, That's exactly what it is. Let me see how to spell camera Before I tell my, my clairvoyance is exactly what I be leaning on 99% of the time. Wow. And it has not steered me wrong yet. Okay. I know where I'm going. I know where you going to. That is a fact. All right. And also your movie's coming out today too. My Movie? Yeah, it is Clairvoyance.


C-L-A-I-R-V-O-Y-A-N-C. What e Movie I got coming up. Deadpool. Deadpool. Oh yeah. Deadpool. Deadpool and Wolverine. Yes. I thought you were talking about a movie. I'm I'm like no, we in production on stuff. And. I ain't got no movie coming up. No, no, no. I got a movie on Hulu and Star. It's called 88. You should check it out. That's a very good movie. Star Brandon B. Dixon and the Tory Ton. Okay. I executive produced that. Yes. And my new book is Out. Get On To Die Line. Watch Small Talk Sucks. And I'm gonna see Depo Wolverine tomorrow. I know You are. Alright. The People's Choice mixes up next. Don't go anywhere as the Breakfast local. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. We gotta salute to Latoya.


Lucky for joining us this morning, Man. Make sure you go check out Latoya Luck's movie. What is it called? I, I thought my husband's wife was dead. Yeah. Y'all be really on the nose with these movie titles nowadays. But I thought my husband's wife was dead to comes out on Lifetime. On, on August 3rd. So make sure you go out there and support the good sister Latoya Luckett. Absolutely. All right. And when we come back, we got the positive notice. The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess LAIs Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast Club. Reminding you guys. I got two shows coming up. My car shows You know I do it each and every year. I try to touch as many markets as possible. It's a family fun market. First here in Shreveport where 50 cent You know he's doing this Huge hum and Harmony weekend out there.


It's gonna be a lot of celebrities, it's gonna be a lot of cars. So If, you can make it out Shreveport, I would love to see you. If not You know. I do my one in New York, New Jersey, August 17th. And like I said, family fun Cars from Cardi B Offset a Boogie just to name a few kids. Five and under a free, it's a family fun day. So have your family meet my family, and you can pick up your tickets on eventbrite.com right now. All right, char, you got a positive note? Yes, I do. Have a positive note. Remove yourself from situations that repeatedly trigger your mental health and, and, and hurt your heart. Okay? And don't be afraid to work on yourself and vibe alone for a little bit. People act like being alone is a bad thing. No, every season does not need company. Hey yo. And happy Born Day to my niece, big Nala Simone Man n Birthday Nile Born Day is today.


Okay, she'll be here tomorrow to do a Pastor Ox. But You know. Just wanna say happy born Day to Big Nla. Y'all go to Nile's Instagram and send us some positive energy, love, and Light Breakfast Club bitches. Y'all finished or y'all done? Hey everyone, it is Ryan Seacrest here ready to heat up your summer vacation. Get ready. Things are about to get sizzling at Chumba Casino your summer, getting a whole lot hotter with a special daily login bonus waiting just for you. So sign up now for reels of fun and reels of prizes right here at Chumba Casino with yours Truly join me@chumbacasino.com and dive into a summer of Social Casino Fund sponsored By Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary V GW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions Apply@public.com.


You can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY with no subscription required. That means zero monthly account fees or balance requirements and you can withdraw cash whenever you like. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Fin Rent, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more. For 25 years, BrightView Senior, Living Associates have been committed to creating a vibrant culture and delivering exceptional services, making BrightView a great place to work and live. If you're looking for a rewarding opportunity to serve your local community and grow, we want you to join our team.


BrightView Senior. Living is growing and actively seeking vibrant associates to join our community teams, including directors, healthcare activities, hospitality and dining. Apply today at careers dot BrightView. Senior Living dot com. Equal employment opportunities. Text BV Jobs to 9 7 2 1 1. To Apply Modo us, Visit Modo us for the best free play social casino experience. Wherever you are, Modo offers a huge selection of Vegas style games with free spins, exciting promotions, and always generous jackpots. You can waste your time with the others or you can win at Modo. Register today at M Mod. Do us for your free welcome bonus. Modo Is a social casino.


No purchase necessary void. Where prohibited play responsibly. Conditions apply. See website details. Hello. Do us Want to teach your kids financial literacy but not sure where to start. Greenlight can help with Greenlight. Parents can keep an eye on kids spending and saving while kids and teens use a card of their own to build money. Confidence. As a parent, you can send instant money transfers, set up chores, automate allowance, and more. It's a convenient way to run your household, customized to your family's needs, and the easy way to raise financially smart kids. Get started with Greenlight today and get your first month free at greenlight.com/iheart.