
Hey, hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist Baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on.


Now back to the Funk


Gear up for Outdoor Adventures with a 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Most deals are barely worth mentioning. But then there's at t's Best deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six featuring Flex Scam. With Galaxy ai, you can get in on them when you're trading your eligible smartphone any year, any condition. It's a deal. So good, you'll be shouting from the rooftops. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on. At t. At t connecting changes everything requires trading of Galaxy, S note and Z Series Smartphone Limited Time offered 256 gigabytes for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions applies to att.com/ Samsung. Or visit an At&t store for details.


State Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future We. know what it's like to go for nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021, State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


This is an ad by Better Help. What are your self-care non-negotiables? It's hard to make time for the things that keep you healthy, but being consistent with self-care is like working a muscle. And when life gets crazy, that muscle keeps you strong. Therapy is the ultimate self-care and Better Help makes it easy to get started. With affordable online sessions you can do from Anywhere, never Skip Therapy Day with Better Help. Visit better help hlp.com today to get 10% off your first month.


You can't say Reakfast Club without the Club. You're like this rare air. You got platforms and partners all over the place because your demand is so high. People want to be in business with The, Breakfast, Club. I don't think white people know how popular you guys are. DJ Envy just hilarious. Charlemagne to God. Yo. You guys really are like the hip hop, early morning, late night talk show. Y'all know What y'all talking about. Good morning. USA. Yo Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo Yo. Just hilarious is out. Lauren LaRose is filling in. What up Lauren?


Good morning y'all. Charlemagne the guy. Peace To the Planet is Monday. Good morning. What's happening? Another day to serve our beautiful listeners. That's Right. Monday back to the work week. It's officially Virgo season as what? A couple days ago. So it's Virgo season. Drop a bomb for the Virgos, please. I got the craziest Virgo. I know right here with me today. My mom. That's Right. When's her birthday today? It's her birthday. Hey. Happy birthday. Happy birthday mom. Virgo season. She wanted to come up here and meet y'all. That's like been one of her things she wanted to do. So. Aw. She woke up early this morning. She don't get up this early. I feel like we need to find her a more comfortable sleep though. I just didn't know she wanted to be on camera.


Whatever makes mom happy. Yeah. If she sit to the right She wanted can sit to the right, she could be all right. Whatever she wanted. If she's comfortable there is fine. Yeah. I just don't want, I don't want her to be uncomfortable. It's a long show. That's right. I asked if she wanted anything for breakfast. She just said she just wanted a coffee. So Mom, you sure you don't want nothing to eat? You Good? Oh, she say nah, she from Delaware. Them people from Delaware can eat. You hear Me? Turning on mic on right fast. What you want to eat, mom? You want anything to eat? Not now. Not now. It's too early for you. Too Early. Mom is stylish too, by the way. I just wanna let y'all know. Mom is stylish. Mom came in a, a nice outfit with the jacket, with the stones on it. I see where you get it from. Lauren. You get it from Mama? Yeah. She used to design. No, She used to design. Yep. She used to design. She, she was here in New York. She'll tell y'all. Trust Me. What'd you turn 35 today? 36.


I like being a mature age. I like to be treated like a mature person. I like to act like a mature person. There you go. I need that. Well, you in the wrong room. Yeah. This Is not a mature, this is not a mature room at all. At All. You're next to the wrong one. Okay. Alright. Well let's I Bring the best out of them. There you go. Well, let's get the show crack and we got, oh, well, first of all, how was your weekend? What'd you do this weekend? Anything? I went to Delaware this weekend 'cause I didn't bring her back with me. Yeah. So I was just with family and friends. We was, it was everybody's birthday this weekend, so I had, I went to like three birthday parties. Really? So you was out and about? Oh yes. Yeah. Charlamagne, I got back from the DNC on Friday, Saturday. Yeah. Had date night with the wife. Went to Atlantic City. Go check out my guy Andrew ltz.


I Was gonna go You know. A friend of mine called me, was like, I was like, should I ask Charlemagne for ticket? I'm like, nah, Charlamagne's probably still in the DNCI should have went up There. No, no, no. I got back Friday. And I. I went, I went Saturday. How was The show? I mean, Andrew's the best standup alive right now. And I shoulda went. It's not even close. Andrew Schultz is the best standup alive right now. And You know. I just like, I like going to Atlantic City. I'm a person that enjoys Atlantic City, so You know I Y'all do. Oh, absolutely. Have a great Time. Maybe I just been removed from here too long. 'cause I, I don't understand why you go to Atlantic City. I like Atlantic City. It's a lot of fun. Oh, I mean, oh yeah. Yeah. It is cool. It's a cool If. you live in Jersey. It's a cool old date night to get away. Weekend. You Could get away for a day, but not Too far. You know. But it's not 'cause of the beach, right? Nah, I didn't go to the beach. Okay. 'cause that's, I be like, y'all go there for the beach.


Like, Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. No, no. But everything else like You know, I love Oceans Ocean Resort. I think that's what it's called. No, it's not Ocean Resort. But it's Ocean Hotel. Gotcha. I like going to the Ocean Hotel. And. I like eating at Kelsey's boy. We had brunch at Kelsey's. You hear me? Kelsey's amazing. Drop the cruise bombs for Kelsey Mercy. Kelsey's is the soul food spot down there. Oh, it's amazing down there. I didn't even know, Lord. They just moved too. They opened up a new facility, a new spot about a, a year ago, two years ago. Oh, the Brunch is amazing. Had shrimping grit. I mean, You know, I'm from the south, so I like a good down south of Hardy breakfast, I had two biscuits, shrimp and grits. Chicken sausage and a sweet potato waffle. And Lord have mercy. Shout to Kelsey. Wow. All that's in Atlantic City. Yes ma'am. I didn't Know that, maam.


It's not even connected to a hotel. You gotta leave. But it's, it's amazing. Oh, it was amazing. Amazing. All right, well let's get the show cracking. We got front page news Morgan, when we come back. So don't move us. The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The, Breakfast Club. Lauren la is filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. Happy Monday. Yes, let's get into it. So in case you missed it, Robert F. Kennedy Jr suspended his 2024 presidential campaign on Friday. The independent candidate made the announcement while speaking in Phoenix, Arizona. Let's hear more from RFK Jr. It's with a sense of victory and not defeat that I'm suspending my campaign and now to throw my support to President Trump.


Yeah, he said he's backing Trump because he best embodies his priorities and added that Trump asked him to serve in his administration right around the time of his assassination attempt. Now, Kennedy said after Trump's call, he did reach out to Kamala Harris about having the same discussions, but she never returned his calls. Kennedy d believes the Democratic party of his father and Uncle John FK and RFK Senior has become beholden to corporations and other entities. He also told Fox News on Sunday that he realized he had no path to victory after he was kept off major news networks and blocked out of presidential debates. Now, only moments after his announcement, RFK Jr hit the campaign trail in Arizona with former President Donald Trump.


Let's hear more from RFK on the campaign trail with Trump. The best way to build a safe America is to rebuild our industrial base and rebuild the middle class in this country. And don't you want a president who's gonna get us out of the wars and who's gonna rebuild the middle class in this country? And don't you want a president who's gonna protect America's freedoms and don't you want a president that's gonna make America healthy again? Yeah. So during remarks, Trump thanked Kennedy for the endorsement and called him incredible champion for conservative values. He also insulted vice president Kamala Harris called her a communist fascist and suggested she forced Biden out of the race in an unconstitutional coup.


Let's hear more from former President Trump in from that rally in Arizona. We're going to win Arizona. We're going to defeat comrade Kamala Harris and we're going to win back our beautiful White House. We're gonna win it back. We're gonna win it back in record for her. She was the border czar. She presided over the worst border in history, not American history, world history. I will establish a new independent presidential commission on assassination attempts and they will be tasked with releasing all of the remaining documents pertaining to the assassination of President John F. Kennedy.


Yeah, I'm not sure that's what the people want. Go ahead. Yeah, I, I agree. I saw more con I did see more conversation about RFK Jr dropping out this weekend on all the cable news channels than I, than I did damn near about the DNC, especially in regards to Kamala speech being that she spoke Thursday, that that was like a BSC story. But I don't know if him endorsing Trump is gonna move the needle for Trump. I I don't, it's not, I don't know. Not You know. A Lot of people feel like independents are disruptors, that all they're doing is really disrupting the president election. What, what's your thoughts on that? That's How his family feels. His family from the beginning. Yeah. When, when, when Robert F. Kennedy Jr came out and said he wanted to run his family from the beginning, said that's exactly what he's doing. But I'm a little confused. And I was at a live event that he did. I spoke there.


I thought that his policies and what he was saying he wanted to do, if anywhere close to elected, which I knew wasn't gonna happen, were closer to Kamala Harris. Yeah. And Democrats. I thought so too. I know they flip back and forth, but the flip like that is kind of crazy. I thought so Too. Yeah. And it's Interesting when he says You know, he feels like Democrats are beholden You know the corporate America. That can't be your reasoning because all politicians, Republicans and Democrats be holding the corporate money. Trump. Yeah. Yeah. To your point, Lauren, members of the Kennedy family are criticizing that decision. They've actually issued a statement signed by five Kennedys calling the move a betrayal to basically the, the legacy of what Robert F. Kennedy and John F. Kennedy stood for.


So I Just wanna understand why's getting so much news attention. It is his family so Much. It's his family name. It's a family name. He Never got no attention. I feel like he's getting more attention this weekend than he is gotten throughout his whole campaign. So why give it any energy now? I think the plan was, he thought he was gonna get this attention. He would use it to shift against Kamala because he obviously doesn't want her to win. But it's, it's more of like just a talking point. Honestly, I just keep telling, definitely Think that's exactly why he made the announcement on Friday to overshadow DNC. For sure. So why let it overshadow? Why, why, why do CNN M-S-N-B-C? Why do these networks let it overshadow? They pick what the headlines are. They pick what the stories are. 'cause controversy selves, And, I don't think he necessarily wants to go with Trump. I just feel like Trump is the only one that called him back. Yes, Trump made him feel special.


It's like that girl, like you made him feel special. So you picked back. But yeah, that's, that's what that felt like. Alright. For sure. Well that is front page news now get it off your chest Morgan. We'll see you next hour. 805. 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open. Let us know how your weekend was, what you're feeling, what you're doing, all that good stuff. And again, salute to all the Virgos out there. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Wake up. Wake up. Wake your ass. This is your time to get it off your chest man. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello. Who's this? Yo, it's Devon from Jersey.


What's up DJ Envy Devon from Jersey. What part of Jersey brother? What's it called? I don't want put that on here, but I want big up. Nah, I was at your show so I want pick you up real quick. 'cause that show was, was crazy and the food was good. The music was on point. You see what I'm saying? So I just wanna big up envy on that. And I also wanna big up my mother and my fiance 'cause they birthdays is September 11th. Okay. So yeah, mine is third. Shout to Virgos and shout to Red. Who word music runs the boards of producer up here in DJ P Dub. They actually provided the soundtrack for the call show. So I'm glad you and the family had a great time, man.


Hell yeah. Pick them up. Yep. All bro. Have a good one. Lay y'all. Alright. Hello? Who's this? It's Leroy. Leroy. What's up? Get it off your chest. Listen man. The Kennedy name was for sale and Robert was just trying to auction it off to the highest bidder and Trump just happened to be the one who bid on it because nobody else wanted it. It was that simple. Yeah, but I don't think that he's the Kennedy that You know you wanna buy like You know. Yes, the Kennedy name means something, but the Robert F in front of it probably, probably probably devalues it a little bit. I Completely agree with that. But again, he was just auctioning off the name because people recognize the name. No, I get it. Thank You brother. Because I, that is, I was in the drug store yesterday and there was some white people behind me and they was like, wow, Kennedy endorsing a Republican.


I'm trying to tell you, he Doesn't seem right, I guess from unc, it just really doesn't seem right. Who the hell is Unc? His uncle Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Lemme hear you call one of white boys uncle again. Not my uncle Was calling him unc. That's what I'm saying. We wouldn't, did you meet him You know Monday From his, now you didn't came to a car show? No. You said from unc like what the hell you mean from unc? Who the hell is unc? Hello? Who's this? He must have popped out at a car show. We know Sonian therapist. Soe. My You know. We about to announce to your next mental Wealth expo soon, Sasha. Oh Yeah. I've been waiting for it. I know it's in October, so I'm, I'm keeping my eyes open. That's on social media for that. Yep. I called because I want to disagree with you about the whole Michael Ruben thing.


Thoroughly disagree. I feel like we make the black billionaires and millionaires as a community. We're not tearing people down. We lift them up like there's no black successful person that's not there because of black people. So I definitely disagree with him on that front. Why do we always go to the celebrity though? Like, like, like it ain't always about celebrity. Like what people feel. Yeah, everyday people. We, we do that to each other. We're very hard on each other. I Get that. But therapy for black girls won't exist without black people. Therapy for black men wouldn't exist without black people. My mentor, a black woman, the black community has always supported me. Are there naysayers?


Of course. But I feel like to say that all we do is tear each other down when we don't really get far unless we have Oh yeah, I don't agree with Other black people. I don't agree with broad generalizations at all. But I'm not gonna sit here and act stupid to You know what, what what I, what I know he was talking about. I, I get it. But I think that we put too much focus. Like if one or two people say something negative, then we all think, okay, the echo chamber, everything is negative. But I think that the whole black owned businesses and shining spotlight on black things, that's because of us as a community and we ride for each other. I think for the most part It's been going along for a long time though. I remember when I was younger, my daddy would always tell me, my daddy would say, don't even put your name on a business that you own.


Because they still tell you that. They say that own people hate on it for no reason. They still say that. I already told me that when I was a young, young, young, young child. I don't, I don't necessarily agree with it at all cases, but I understand what he's saying. Not In all cases, but there are a few. There are some. That's Lauren LaRosa mama talking. Yeah, She says a love and hate thing. It's not just love, it's Hate You know. She says it's not just hate, not just, Well get it off your chest. She saying Uhuh like the audience can hear her. Oh, Why won't we repeat what she said. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Get it off your chest. Phone line's wide open. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club.


This is your time to get it off your chest whether you're mad or blessed. So You better have the same Energy We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello. Who's this Man? This is Dupree from Omaha, Nebraska. What up? Breakfast Club Dupree. What up? Get it off your chest Man. I just want to get off my chest man. I'm down in Chicago. I went to the DNC Thursday. It was a great experience man. It was an out-of-body experience to be able to see Tomala Harris speaking aside the United States arena or the United Center and then to be outside the arena and see them protesting and things like that. But I would say Chicago police and everyone that they had involved did a great job with just keeping things safe and things like that. So can't wait to see what it turns out to be in November.


And also Chicago not a bad place. Like people make it seem Chicago like a beautiful place. Boy, you was just downtown. Relax your nerves. I love, I love, I love Chicago too. But you was just downtown. I bet you was literal to that south. I I swear through the hood too. Stop. Why? Right. Exactly. Why I Hate when people that when they go visit somewhere and they gotta go See the hood, they wanna see it. I mean, I'm not bad. What To come to LA and be like, take me to the hood. No, you go by yourself. Call me when you Get back. And. I went, I went to LA in the hood too. I got family in LA man I you gotta fly. You got family. There's Different poverty too. But, but, but still, you still gotta fly through the sea man. It's not as bad as they make it seem. I feel like. But I didnt skate one hood. I ain't trying to find Man Salute to him.


But You know what I hate. I hate when we do that because we don't live in those cities. Because there's somebody from Chicago listening to this right now saying he don't even know what the hell he is talking about. Because in those same communities there are, they are point dispr. They're not, they're not out there protesting for no reason. You know how many, they had a, a protest that mimicked Dick Gregory 1968 protest of the Democratic National Convention. And it was just black people in those neighborhoods who feel like they getting the short end of the stick. So you can't say that you don't live there. You was there for a weekend. You don't know what them people deal with on a, on a daily basis. Also, defund hood tours don't keep, y'all keep popping up in these neighborhoods. I don't know these people, But it is bad because people hear so much about these neighborhoods. It's like when people come to certain parts, they, they drive through these neighborhoods.


They wanna go to to Harlem. They wanna go to to Queensbridge. Different If. you got family or Something. They wanna something to comp. They just wanna see it. You hear people talking about it. They fans are, That's a safari. That's really some white people. I even that's some white people's going like Safari. I don't understand why nobody Say get out, Get out the car and sit on the car. They wanna drive by and see what People wanna go to the, the, what is it called? Took her to the, they wanna go to the O whatever that place is called. And they want to get out there. They wanna take pictures, they want do all that. They don't just ride by. They wanna do a lot. What a luxury to be able to just ride through a hood and be like, it's not that bad here. Yeah, because you don't live here fool. I know If. you pull up in my neighborhood in the wrong block and you get out there. Take pictures mama. What? What's what they be doing? She tell you don't do that. Mama. Like boy girl. What you living the hood talking about? Like My mama looks at you like body.


You talking about My mom? No, you don't pull up on, you're not pulling up on our block on fifth Street just hopping out and taking pictures. My mom thinks she, she don't, she be a little removed from what's going on. Look At you like I don't know what you're talking about. Lord. I've my whole life been a nice, she Speaks to everybody. She, she don't know what be going on. Laura Rose's mom singing that without, with us this morning. It's her birthday. Oh okay. You gotta know what's really going on in these neighborhoods Stuff. And you go through, you're really looking for the improvement. We're not looking for a drug addict that drop on your car. Okay. We wanna see. We Wanna see. I got her started on our People. That's right. It's In your heart. If it's in your heart it that's what You look for. Lauren and mama basically said don't smoke crack y'all.


Is she? She just said don't smoke Crack. All neighborhoods is the neighborhood. That's how she is. Get It off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We got just with the mess with Laura LaRosa coming up. Yes we do. We have an exclusive update on TBOs. They had to TLC had to cancel a concert over the weekend because she had a medical emergency and we exclusively had found out that she is back home and resting. So we're gonna get into that. Alright, We'll get into that next. So don't move it's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is filling in with for Jess. Let's get to Jess with the Mess with Laura LaRosa, your news Is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying.


She don't spare nobody worldwide. Jess worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coaches with Lauren. Lauren LaRosa. I'm back. And, I got the mess. Talk to me. So over the weekend, TLC, they were slated to perform in Connecticut and then also in Syracuse. But they had to cancel the shows. They actually canceled the one in Connecticut literally 30 minutes before the show was about to start. Mm. So people were like, oh my God, what is going on? Is everything okay? And then they released a statement that basically told fans that Tea buys had what they believed was food poisoning. Mm. So they had to cancel it, cancel the show and that everything would be rescheduled.


They let people know when. And then about 24 hours later she was taken to the hospital and found out that it actually was not food poisoning but it was an abdominal blockage. Mm. So it was a lot more serious than what she thought. And of course You know they sent like their deep regrets out saying that they were sorry that they had to cancel the shows. Mm. But of course she needs to get better. I reached out to a rep for the group just to check in on her and see how she was doing so we could give an update. The fans this morning And I was told that TBOs is out of the hospital and she is You know Rusting. They don't have any clue yet as to when these shows will be rescheduled. It just happened. But she's at a hospital and they expected her to be released Sunday when she originally went into the hospital. So that's actually what happened. So that means maybe things are progressing well because she was released on time.


That's Why details matter and you gotta read the story and not the headline. Because when I saw the headline I just assumed it was something to do with her sickle cell. I just assumed I So too. I know I did too. I did too. When I saw the cancellation, I was like, oh my God, I hope she's okay because I know about the sickle cell. And then when I saw Food Poison, I'm like, oh, okay. She'll be all right. Then I saw a domino. I'm like, what is going on? So that's what made me reach out. I'm like, yo, what's going on? She's, is she all right? How is the most important thing? That's right. I'm just hearing all this.


Hey, hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist baby. It's about a job hustler Who tangles with some Stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on.


Now back to the Funk Hybrid Nation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your getaway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soaking in the scenery of the Great Outdoors Bus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while victory on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan towing guard and owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo


NFL week one. It is finally here. And a new season means new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sportsbook, an official sports betting partner of the NFL. Are you ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking a player to score a touchdown. Let's go Score big with DraftKings. Sportsbook the best place to bet touchdowns. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app. Use the code Bobby Sports. Put in the code Bobby Sports and get $250 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks. You heard that right? And get one month of NFL plus premium on DraftKings. That's right. DraftKings The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 and Connecticut. Help available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction boy New Hampshire, Oregon, and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/ft ball. NFL plus premium offer available only to new and former NFL plus subscribers. Additional NF plus premium terms at nfl.com/terms.


First time right here. Well, I mean it's an exclusive. It's breaking. Are We sending healing energy to T-Ball? Absolutely, yes, for sure. And other female artist news, Nicki Minaj is being sued by fan for $5 million. Now this fan is saying that Nikki needs to pay him this money because he's had his reputation damaged. He's suffered emotional distress and financial loss backstory on this. So there's a fan named Tamir Peak who is alleging that Nikki is a bully. More specifically he's saying that he was one of her like really avid followers. He helped her push Pink Friday too in 2023.


But things started to get a little crazy because Nikki, according to him, went on this like hate train. And during that hate train she accused him and other fans of being paid moles to sabotage her. He said that Nikki ridiculed him, that she invited him allegedly to a hotel and then embarrassed him in front of all of her IG live followers. He also is alleging that her husband, Kenneth Petty, mistreated him during a Super Bowl weekend in 2020 and said that Nikki actually dmd him after about the incident allegedly. And he's also saying that Nikki has targeted him specifically during like several You know how she goes live on like station head and then on X and stuff like that. So he's upset because he's saying during these times he, she implied that he was slow and that he was on welfare.


So he's saying he needs to be paid. He's Saying he need to be paid a little coin. Y'all better stop laughing at him for we'd be the next one. So that's funny you did. So Nicki's reps were reached out to and You know, listen this I just to put it out there and And I don't know what's true or not. You know I'm not a judge, but you, you can file a lawsuit about a little bit of anything, anything anybody can Sue for anything. So you can sue somebody if somebody mistreats you. I mean it depends on what the what does it cause you harm where you can't work and make money and mentally You know Envy slow. If he's not slow, keep going. Can what you mean? You can, yes, you can sue somebody for mistreating you.


That's what happens in the workplace all the Time. Oh and like verbal abuse that has like workplace make your Reputation ain't with somebody to say, I don't like you so I'm suing you today. You just calling me slow. I Don't care. Won't be You know what many losses I got going on. Okay. In line, Not us up here waving a lawsuit flag. Let's not do that. 15 years strong here. Okay. That's the, that's not something that like just throw out there. It just invites People. What I'm saying is it happens when you're in a certain position. 'cause this is the problem with responding to people online. These folks can say whatever they want about you. The most ridiculous rumors, vicious lies. And when you were responded and then, then when you replied back, now you the bully. And people got emotional distress. She called me retarded and said I was on welfare. You know You're not supposed to say that word. Oh Please say welfare saying messing, messing with you.


I'm just messing. Leave me A So Nikki's attorney, he gave a statement to TMZ and said that the fan Mr. Peak has been harassing Nick on social media for some years to no avail. He has now graduated to seeking to shake her down financially with men with manifesting false allegations and legally and legally frivolous claims. He will not regret, he will regret, I'm sorry. Having gone down this disruptable road when he is forced to pay her legal fees as required by California law. I doubt I thought about that when I was reading this. I'm like, lawsuits ain't free. Not at all. It cost it. It may, it may not cost you nothing to file, but it costs to keep going. Yes. And and eventually You know that, that that lawyer gonna turn around and be like, Hey man, it's probably Money play.


We all, we all know that we just, it's probably we could say an alleged money play where they'll try to just settle out in court, get a a couple of grand and keep it moving. That's what most of these lawsuits Are. Ever since that Cardi lawsuit with the blogs and and she won a lot of People card's. Willing to go all the way Though. A lot of people have been going all the way because Does that millions Don't the money. Yeah, she has the Money Send millions Key. That's what I'm saying though. No. Yeah. Nicki not the person. Su No, no, no. Not the person suing. I'm just saying like normally a big entity would just settle 'cause they don't feel like all of the chatter online and all that. No, but now people going all the way through, they want people to know that you was out here trying to play with them. I'm not settling for nothing if I know I'm right. That's right. I'm not settling for nothing. I, I know I didn't do nothing. I'm not settling for nothing. So I'm not mad at Nicky. I just, I just don't like the You. know you can pick, pick, pick, pick, pick, pick, pick at somebody.


But then soon as that person responds and that's my point. Now you on play victim. And that's what I was saying. Yeah. You can't play victim now. Now I'm I'm you, you treated me wrong. No. So I'm suing you. Not that don't make no sense. Well another legal news Danny Lay. So you guys remember back in May, Danny Lay was actually arrested and taken to jail for a hit and run. She was booked on three felony charges, which included driving under the influence, leaving the scene of a crash with serious bodily injury and DUI damage to a property. So now the body cam from that incident, it was in Miami. And what they are claiming and what they caught on video was a car that they say is de laze it hit a pedestrian who was on like a moped bike and he like suffered like different fractures or whatever.


So the body cam is out now. And let's take a listen to Danny Lay on the camera RB sticker. You can't arrest me. Doesn't mean anything. We have witnesses. We have witnesses saying that you hit a scoot, but no, they're lying. I didn't hit nothing. Okay, well we're gonna, we're gonna clarify. We have cameras all over the city, so we're gonna clarify. Okay? But If, you understand when I'm a celebrity, you understand what I'm coming. Okay, well, So I just can't be Committed to So committing a crime regardless, fact, If you celebrity or not, you're still not bumping off. She is a singer. You looking at me? You looking me up. You I was lying. Qua Quavo was right here helping me out. Yeah, that's Quavo Vos. Those are my boys.


Did somebody die? I dunno. How do You know? You know. If somebody Die, it's a really serious thing. And you're and you here laughing someone I'm not Laughing. You are laughing. She's twisted. Yo. Hey, lemme tell you something man. I'm a celebrity If. you have to tell people you're a celebrity, you not much a celebrity. And then they looked her up, they said, oh, she's not lying. Like She really is a singer. And Then Quavo, so she mentions Quavo because in the video you do see Quavo and like a security guard. Like they just see her sitting on the ground in cuffs. So he stops like, yo, what's going on? And they're like, yo, get back, get back. So he keeps going. So she's like, yeah, that's my homie. That was Quavo from Amigos. So, but the fact that she was laughing and she actually asked in the video, did somebody die? And then it comes out that like You know she was actually booked in, charged for hitting the person that they're referencing.


And she's laughing in the video. It's just, it doesn't look good on her heads At all. She, she on, she didn't know what was going on. Lemme ask you a question. I seen the video. Did she not have a top one? I think she had like a bikini top, but maybe it was showing too much. That's why they had the blur. Because I was confused about that too. Yeah, because I'm like, if her boob was coming out, why didn't a cop tell her? Right. Yeah. Real Celebrities don't have to tell folks they're a celebrity. Period. That You know At all. Well, I mean, nevermind. I was gonna say something but I'm not gonna do that. What, say what I was gonna say if Danni Lay was like, I'm Danny Le, it's like how else do you, she would've to say I'm the baby's baby mom. 'cause what else do we know her as? I think she better off saying, I'm slow and I'm on welfare. Please tell me A break up. Right. You know, I'm just You know I'm No The cop might have more sympathy with You.


Right? When we come back, we got front page news. Morgan Wood will be joining us is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren la is filling in for Jess. And let's get back in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. So yeah, Republican Vice presidential candidate, JD Vance. He says he believes former President Trump would veto a federal abortion ban if he's elected in November. And an interview with NBC's meet the press. Vance said Trump has been very clear that he wants to leave the abortion question up to the states in order to focus on bigger issues. Let's hear more from Republican VP hopeful. JD Vance. Donald Trump's view is that we want the individual states and their individual cultures and their unique political sensibilities to make these decisions because we don't want to have a nonstop federal conflict.


Donald Trump wants to end this cultural war over this particular topic. If common, excuse me. If California wants to have a different abortion policy from Ohio, then Ohio has to respect California and California has to respect Ohio. So yes, this comes after comments from congressional Republicans where they indicated they will continue to push for a federal ban even if former President Trump were elected. Another issue that is pressing for the American people is the war in Gaza, US Senator Bernie Sanders. He says the United States should cut off aid to the Israeli prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's government. The Vermont Independent told ABC's this week that the US should not be sending Israel aid while its military is killing in innocent Palestinians and creating a humanitarian catastrophe.


And Gaza, excuse me, let's hear more from Senator Sanders. I happen to think that we should not be giving another nickel to Netanyahu's right wing extremist government. They certainly had a right to defend themselves against the atrocious Kamas attack. They never have the right, do not have the right to go to war against the entire Palestinian people. American taxpayer dollars should not go to starve children in Gaza. That is my view. Others may disagree with me. And Bernie Sanders is Jewish. So that says a lot. While he acknowledged the Biden administration is currently taking a different stance on the issue by continuing to send aid, Sanders also said he hopes that that Kamala Harris' administration would change policy. Also, New Jersey Senator Cory Booker says the Biden administration is working to prevent escalation in the Middle East following the latest clash between Israel and Hezbollah militants in Lebanon.


The New Jersey Democrat told CNN State of the Union US officials are speaking with all parties in the region and the hopes of stopping a wider war. And he said the joint chiefs of staff have been sent to the region amid the heightened tensions. And I didn't have this story on my rundown, but I definitely wanted switch up and add this. So a confederate monument that stood in Atlanta for over a hundred years has been replaced by a statue honoring good trouble and necessary trouble. Civil rights hero, John Lewis Ridout Jamaican sculpt Basil Watson created the John Lewis Memorial, which was installed on August 16th in front of the historic Decatur Courthouse in Atlanta. The statue stands 12 feet tall atop a granite pedestal and depicts Lewis with his hands over his heart a gesture he frequently used to express his love for other others and replaced a 30 foot Confederate monument that was erected in 1908 by the United Daughters of the Confederacy.


And if we have one more attention, Walmart shoppers great value is recalling nearly 10,000 bottles of apple juice sold at Walmart's nationwide. Don't get the apple juice right now. The Food and Drug Administration announced that the juice contains unsafe levels of inorganic arsenic. The recalled juice was sold in six packs of eight ounce plastic bottles with a Best Buy date of December, 2024. So yeah, go with the mots or something else. You know not the generic brand. If you're gonna get some apple juice from great value. Yeah, I can't afford the mots. You see how, but the prices already through the roof, Morgan. The grocery prices are already astronomical. The great value is what I can afford and that's not even safe. What is The World coming to? Man May maybe just go to the self checkout line. Wink wink.


Now just get our secret for I can't afford bail if I can't afford box Morgan. I can't afford bail. You got Morgan number Morgan Got gonna bail this out. Jesus Morgan, wink wink. That's your front page news. Follow me on social at working media. M-O-R-G-Y-N-M-E-D-I-A. And for more news coverage, make sure you're following at Black Information Network. We're rolling out all of our DNC coverage. We had a bunch of exclusive interviews and those will roll out in the next few y weeks as we prepare for Congressional Black Caucus. Make sure you download the free iHeartRadio app and visit BN news.com. Talk to y'all Tomorrow. Thank you Morgan. That DMV came outta Morgan. Alright, now when we come back, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now over the weekend, plaza's addressing people talking about Kamala.


This is what he said. But to everybody who, especially the ones who, who look like me and the men who look like me, who quit the ask Kalo want my vote? She need to explain herself to me what she going to do for the black people. Listen, stop asking the mother black woman to explain theyself to y'all. If y'all ain't willing to ask the mother white man this mother explain herself. Y'all, y'all cool with the white man not explaining herself. She want my vote. She need to explain herself. You ain't mother asking the white man to explain this motherfucker, sir. Well, she, she been in the office already three and a half years. Why? Why she ain't do all the things she said she was going to do Because she ain't the mother president. That's why when you go to the mother, Mike, no, that lady that's the manager, she don't get to do what she wanna do. She might can give you some prize, but she can't change the price of that mother quarter pound up there.


That ain't that mother lady white house. She just like the matter. You fall in line. But y'all mother know this, most of y'all. But y'all just want something to mother fucking say. So let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. What are your thoughts of what PLAs just said? I have thoughts we'll discuss when we come back. Alright, Call us up, right now's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. It's topic time Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Talk about it. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club.


Laura Lar is filling in for Jess and If. you are just joining us. We're talking about some comments that PLAs made over the weekend. Let's listen. But to everybody who, especially the ones who, who look like me and the, the the men who look like me who quit the actually kalo want my vote? She need to explain herself to me what she going to do for the black people. Listen, stop asking the mother black woman to explain herself to y'all. If y'all ain't willing to ask the mother white man this mother explain herself. Y'all, y'all cool with the white man out? Explain to herself. She want my vote. She need to explain herself. You ain't mother asking the white man. Explain this motherfucker sir. Well, she, she been in the office already three and a half years. Why? Why she ain't do all the things she said she was going to do because she ain't the motherfucker president. That's why when you go to the mother, Mike, no, that lady that's the manager, she don't get to do what she do.


She might can give you surprise, but she can't change the price of that mother quarter pound up there. That ain't that mother lady white house. She just like the matter. You fall in line. But y'all mother know this, most of y'all. But y'all just want something to mother fucking say. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What are your thoughts? We'll start with you Lauren. What do you think? I I feel like on my timeline on Twitter, from what I see, people are asking questions, people are questioning. Like the biggest thing I see is like people asking where was she? Why didn't she do this? And the stuff about the the black man. But a lot of that, those questions and those things have been like debunked or like people put more information on her Now. Well, shouldn't but shouldn't people ask? She's a politician, right? A Hundred percent. But I, and she represents us and wants to represent us. So yeah, no matter if she's white, black, green, yellow man, woman, if somebody's representing us, wouldn't you want to ask them as much as possible to feel comfortable with them?


That's the reason for the campaign season. That's exactly what's supposed to be done. I just think because she's the new kid at school, like it seems like it's a lot more her way. But I think that that's just what comes with it. And I Just also think too, people are sensitive when it comes to black women. Some people are and rightfully so, but She's a politician, right? Yeah. We did it to, we did it to Biden, we did it to Barack, we did it to Donald Trump. We do it to any politician. We should be doing it more to politicians, Right? A hundred percent. But I think no matter what this whole campaign season and even when she wins, there's always gonna be some sensitivity from certain people because she's a woman and she's a black woman. So I think that's where prize is leaning in. Like he's jumping in on that state. But you supposed to ask questions of people, it just feels like it's all break. Like it's all coming down on her at once. 'cause she's the new kid at Schoolly Is ply is absolutely positively wrong.


If people are asking questions, that's great. I don't even know why Ply is making this a black woman versus black man thing. This isn't about black men and black women. It's about elected officials and potential voters. The whole point of campaign season is for candidates to go out there and explain to the American people why they should be the one in charge of this country. Votes are earned not given and they are earned through you going out there and explaining yourself. Vice president Kamala Harris has to go out there and explain her agenda and why she's the person for the job. Former president Donald Trump have to go out there and explain his agenda and why he should be the person to get his job. Again, You know or get the job. Again, I don't understand Plys or any black person for that matter, telling black people to just settle. Just accept whatever the candidate has giving you.


Don't ask any questions. Yeah, But they've been doing it. They don't have for how Explain anything to us. They've Been doing this for a long time. Even with Biden, when we ask questions to Biden, well, it's the best two evils You. know what I mean? You gotta pick one. But no If, you have questions people should be able to ask. Listen that, that's the point of a politician, right? They're supposed to represent us, represent our district, represent our country. Shouldn't we ask? Forget. And, and by the way, they they should be explaining without us asking. That's the whole point of them doing these press conferences and these meetings. Yeah. The same way these politicians have meetings for their donors and they have rallies and press conferences explaining themselves in their agendas to certain groups. They should have to explain themselves to black people the same way. Ply is a billion percent wrong. Let's, let's go to the phone lines. Hello, who's this?


Jefferson. Jefferson, good morning. Where you calling from? I'm calling from 9 1 4 Westchester, Yonkers, white Plains, Greenburg, New York. What man? A a absolutely. Jefferson. So what's your thoughts? What's your opinion? Alright, so I'm a professional New Yorker, right? I don't know what PLA was really saying. I wish he could really communicate. He's a grown man. He's over 40. He should communicate better. But everyone thinking Kamala doesn't have to answer. We are not, even if I'm not voting for her or I'm voting for her, you still gotta explain yourself on this type of level of job. That's right. I know we You know, I know we wanna support off of off of the complexion, but like we need to know that you, you're a good representation. Look, we had Obama.


He was a good representation for us. A good entryway. Good, a good marker. Kamala do the same. A lot of us, not just, not just melanated people, but a lot of humans are just looking at her for just like a direction. Just show us that You know what you're doing so we can really pump you how you want us to pump you out here in the public. She, she's a, she's applying for a job that what ply is saying is like going to a room when you, when you get requested for a job interview and don't, and, and, and don't, don't, don't say nothing And, I say, I'm to just sit there, look at And I saying, I'm supposed to just sit there and look at you. Right? If they took it easy on her, then that would be a whole issue too. Like, if people didn't ask this of her because she is a black woman, it would be like y'all giving her pass because of color. The same way people upset when people saying they voting for her because of her color.


Hello, who's this? This is Kia. Kia. Good morning. What are, what are your thoughts on Apply? Said? I feel like I agree with him. Like truly, I feel like people really don't want a black woman in the office. And that's the main problem. Like, y'all put Trump in there with a person that had no experience on political reasons. But when a black woman wanna come in there and have experience did for us, nobody wanna give her a chance. Everybody shine her off. So you think Donald Trump didn't have to explain himself. You think Donald Trump didn't have to go out there to the American people and campaign. You didn't think Donald Trump was. No. What? So, so all of those lies Donald Trump was telling folks and all of these things he was saying he was going to do, you don't think that wasn't explaining himself?


No. Donald Trump, I feel like was an act and an act that everybody loved at the Timem and an act for what? I don't know, but it was an act and it's like now That he's, there was, it was an act, but he was still explaining himself. That is what campaigning is. When you see these people on TV and they're having these rallies. No, and these press conferences in these Interviews. Character. Huh? If you're acting for some, if you're acting, I'm being a character. I'm not myself. So how I'm gonna give a person a true information on what I'm doing if I, I don't really know what I'm doing. It's an act. It's not the truth. It's not what I'm truly trying to Give. Once again, what have Trump did? Once again, when you see, when you see people having these rallies, these elected officials having these rallies, these press conferences, these interviews, they are explaining themselves to the American people.


Vice President Kamala Harris and Tim Walls are doing an interview with NBC news this week because they're going to explain themselves to the American people. Just like last week at the DNC when she gave her speech, she was explaining herself to the American people. And She should, and she should explain Themselves. They all should. Yes. To say an elected official shouldn't have to explain himself is insane. To me, It sounds crazy. I I look at it like is, is we are hiring them for a job and you have to make me want to hire you, you have to make me want to vote. You have to tell me your policies. You gotta tell me what your plans are. And if I don't like it, I don't have to hire you. I'm not hiring you because of, of anything. Exactly. What, what the what, what's my best interest? And you gotta explain that. You calm down though now. 'cause she's starting to address more things. Like people will just really have questions.


No, it won't. I think it will. No it won't. It'll because it'll be repeated. People will get tired of hearing. It's just,


Hey, hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night. The Million Dollar Hikes baby. It's about a job hustler Who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on. Now back to the funk.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more Intelligent. All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


I'm trying to tell you, that's just new. That's why everybody feels like it's hitting her so Hard. You know why it won't calm down. Because every time she puts something on the table, it's gonna be, it's gonna be scrutinized. They're gonna break it apart. Just like when every time Donald Trump puts something on the table, it's scrutinize breaking it apart. JD Vance's been explaining these cat lady comments for two, three weeks. You know. I'm saying that's true. And, and, and now, and he should have To. But do you not feel like it's so I agree with that, all of it. But do you not feel like it's heightened a bit or sensationalized a bit because of her being a woman and a black woman? I think it's heightened and sensationalized for her because she came on to the campaign with what, 90 days to win, right? Well, you got, you got nine people got 90 days to make a decision. So You know after the debate ended. And then You know a week later or however it was, she became the nominee.


Or not, not officially the nominee, but everybody said she was gonna be at the top of the ticket. She didn't give an interview for three weeks. You know why everybody made that such a big deal because she only got, she only had 90 plus days to win. Now she got 70 plus days to win because of the nature of her campaign and how she became the nominee. That's why she's gonna get even more Scrutiny. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What are your thoughts? Who apply? Said let's play it right now. But To everybody who, especially the ones who, who look like me and the men who look like me. Who quit the Yeah. Kalo want my vote? She need to explain herself to me what she going to do for the black people. Listen, stop asking the mother black woman to explain herself to y'all. If y'all ain't willing to ask the mother white man this mother explain herself. Y'all, y'all cool with the white man?


Not explain herself. She want my vote. She need to explain herself. You ain't mother asking the white man to explain this motherfucker, sir. Well, she she been in the office already three and a half years. Why? Why she ain't do all the things she said she was going to do? Because she ain't the mother president. That's why when you go to the mother, Mike, no, that lady that's the manager, she don't get to do it. She wanna do, she might can give you some price, but she can't change the price of that mother quarter pound up though. That ain't that mother lady White House. She just like the matter. You fall in line. But y'all mother know this. Most of y'all. But y'all just want something to mother say. We'll Take your calls on. What he had to say is The Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Steady calling phone. It's topic time. Call hundred five eight five one oh five one to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Now If, you just joining us. Of course. Lauren Laro is filling in for Jess. We're asking your questions about what Ply said. Let's listen to what Plys had to say over the weekend about Kamala Harris. But to everybody who, especially the ones who, who look like me and the, the the men who look like me. Who quit the Yeah. Kalo want my vote. She need to explain herself to me what she going to do for the black people. Listen, stop asking the mother black woman to explain herself to y'all. If y'all ain't willing to ask the mother white man this mother explain herself. Y'all, y'all cool with the white man out. Explain to herself. She want my vote. She need to explain herself. You ain't mother asking the white man to explain this motherfucker, sir. Well, she she been in the office already three and a half years.


Why? Why she ain't do all the things she said she was going to do? Because she ain't the motherfucker president. That's why when you go to the mother, Mike know that lady. That's the manager. She don't get to do what she wanna do. She might can give you some prize, but she can't change the price of that mother quarter pound up there. That ain't that motherfucker lady White House. She just like the matter. You fall in line. But y'all mother know this, most of y'all. But y'all just want something to mother fucking say. All right, well let's take some phone calls. (800) 585-1051. Hello? Who's this? Yeah, this is Chris. Chris, Good morning. Where you calling from? I'm calling from Florida. Florida All. What, what did you think about what Ply said? Yeah, so I listen to you guys every morning. And, I gotta say, you guys say you're not very biased, but everything you guys say is all about one side.


It's never, never bipartisan, man. I gotta, I gotta be honest. That's why I'm calling. Explain yourself. Why, why do you say that? Literally just said, well, just PLAs literally just said Don't ask questions. She's a black woman. We don't need to ask questions. Just vote for it. And then Charlemagne was at the DNC. He said, oh, I like the message. He didn't tell us about a message I did tell. He said, I Like what You think. I did tell you about the message, but I also disagree with ply. I feel like every politician should have to explain themself, including Vice President Kamala Harris. Like, I, I think it's ridiculous to tell an elected official not to explain themself to the people that they want to vote for them. Absolutely. I mean, You know the other day too, I, you had somebody on it was like pretty much saying the same thing.


Like, I'm gonna vote for her 'cause she's black and That's ice wear visa from Detroit. I He was sarcastic. He was being sarcastic though. He was saying that's what people want him to feel and want him to think. Right? Right. But I feel You know you guys have a huge file and a lot of people listen to your message. I think it's awesome that you guys come on and, and You know spread the side so that we can get You know the right people in. But I just feel, I listen every morning, I'm like, man, it's a little to one sided. I I I don't see how we've had everybody from one side. We have people from the other side. Independence. Lemme tell you why. I love doing what I do. I love doing what we do here on The, Breakfast, Club. 'cause earlier this year, y'all said we were Maga Definitely said we were Mag. Nah, we back being liberal shields.


Y'all gotta pick y'all. Which one is it? Like which one is it? Hello? Who's this? KP Hey, KP Good morning. What's your thoughts? So I just want, I want black people to understand that yes, transparency is key when you are running a campaign. However, there is a process. Once you, you, you are running into policies. It has to go through Senate. It has to go through Congress. The President does not also have the ultimate power as we assume. So y'all just keep up, read the book and y'all learn a little bit more. Well that gotta do with what Ply said though. Ly said that she the president, she don't have to tell us what, what's going on, but that's not true. Oh, I agree. That's right. That's, that's, that's exactly right. She, yes, that's, that was the question, ma'am. I don't know why you tried to call up here and You know.


Shame us for not knowing civics. Hello? Who's this? Shante. All right. Hey, good morning. What's your thoughts? Good morning. I feel like as black men, they need to ask their selves what have they done for the community as a black man? What have they done for our younger black boys? Instead of why they're so upset with Kamala and she needs to explain herself. No, explain why you haven't done what you need to do in your community. Before you sit and ask her what has she done? I agree with what you're saying as far as You know, before you point the finger at somebody else, you should ask yourself what you're doing. But these are elected officials that are asking us for our votes to put them in these positions of power. So I don't find, I don't think there's anything wrong with asking an elected officials to explain themselves.


Yeah, it's nothing wrong with that. But they need to ask theirselves first. My thing is, what have you done? She's the vice president. She's not the president yet. Right? But she's running off college. Anything that she wants to do. And, and if If, you don't necessarily agree with her plans of what she wants to do, you can question that And yeah, you can. But have they questioned the other person? They, Donald time. What a you're gonna Do. All we all Donald, all Donald Trump does is get questioned. Yeah. Donald Trump does is get protected. People Are just so like, it's normal now. You're new to it. It's because she a new kid at school and it's the thing to talk About. Hello? Who's this? Yo, what's going on man? What's your name, brother? It is Dee Dee. From where? From Charleston.


Okay. Charleston. 8 4 3. What's happening? What's your thoughts? What's happening man? Hey man, I wanna say this. I ain't all the way mad applies, but it's kind of, Hey Matt Williams, stand up. You can't be a smart dumb brother. You know, like that cat, like, it's smart to question the white man, but at the same time you can't be ignorant. Not to anybody who's running for anything. I Agree. You know what I'm saying? They got that prophet in say, show me a rich politician. I'll show you a corrupt one. We keep, can't say grew up with this lady. We, we don't know her like that respectfully. Like it's not his aunt. He speaks like his aunt or something. And listen, because a lot of people feel like that about her though.


And by the way, Not respectfully I get it. But, but she ain't, Hey, I'm saying this as a supporter of the vice president, okay? Yes. Question her. Yes. Ask her to explain herself. And I. Don't know why we do this with every Democratic candidate. Black people don't question Joe Biden don't question Kamala Harris. Cut it out. Black people don't settle. Ask questions, make these presidential candidates explain themselves. Especially If. you are undecided with your vote. Yeah, comic. Cool. 0 0 7. I think he put it right. He said, this sounds silly. Y'all are supposed to question the people who are representing you. You just don't want somebody that you don't know what they are, are, are focused on and what their policies are. You are supposed to question the people that represent us.


It just sounds right. Stop. It imply applies. You're offending the vice president. She wouldn't want that. 'cause she knows what comes with this. She's been in politics for a long time. The VP is tougher than most. Trust me. As she, as soon as she became at the top of the ticket, even before that, she knew what comes with all of this. Don't get me wrong, she's still a human being at the end of the day. But trust me, she's, she's built for the scrutiny. She's built for the criticism she's built to have to go out there and explain herself to the American People. And like Charlemagne said, and and Lawrence said this as well, you should be questioning everybody. Your local Congress people, your mayors, the, the people that represent your district, the people that you are voting for. That's right. Even the, even the principal at your school.


You should be questioning those people that represent you. That's gonna be pushing policies that's supposed to be affecting you. You should supposed to be questioning all these people I've been supporting all day long. I've been supporting Kamala Harris since she was in the Senate in 2018 when we first brought her up here on The, Breakfast Club, And. I sat here and looked at her and told her, I think she's gonna be president of the United States of America one day. And guess what? Throughout that whole time I've supported her, but I've also been critical of her. You critique this by, I've also asked her tough questions. That's just what you're supposed to do. So don't listen to nobody telling you that you shouldn't be asking these elected officials and these people running for office to explain themself. That's the whole point of campaigning. I agree. Then go out there and explain yourself to people. I agree. Come Onli.


Well We got just, we got just with the mess with Lauren LaRosa coming up. What we talking about? Yes. We are gonna get back into Beyonce at the DNC and kind of what went down there at this point. Now it's turned into like a conspiracy theory. Almost like people are trying to figure out if that was all just staged to push some ratings, views and ratings behind Kamala's speech. So we're gonna get into that conversation. I need to know from Lauren LaRosa who used to work at TMZ. How did that happen at TMZ? We, how did TMZ get it so wrong? We Gonna get into it. We gonna get into it? I have some thoughts. Alright, We'll get into that next. So don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess Charlamagne, the guy we are The. Breakfast. Club. Laura LaRosa filling in for Jess. Back to the work week. Now let's get to Jess with the Mess with Laura. LaRosa News is real Lau Jess Robin Moore.


Jess don't do no lying. Don't do. She don't spare nobody worldwide. Jess worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's a coach. Lauren, Lauren la I'm back. And. I got the mess. Talk To me. Okay, so USA today did a story a few hours ago and in that story they talked about how the fact that Beyonce did not show up to the Democratic, to the DNC is uniting people on both sides. Hmm. And here's why they're saying that. They're saying that because basically people on both sides feel like this was a rumored like ploy that was done just to get people to pay attention to Kamala's speech.


Because what we had thought, there were rumors online circulated that either Kamala, not Kamala, that either Beyonce or Taylor Swift would be doing something for Kamala's campaign. So people just assumed it was DNC related. And then the day of the DM, D-N-C-T-M-Z broke the story that Beyonce was supposed to be there, that Chicago PD was on high alert 'cause they were a part of her security plan. And in that same story, they also told us that Steph Curry was going to be endorsing Kamala at the DNC. That happened. He Did. Exactly. He did. So one of two things happened. Steph Curry happened and Beyonce did not right before, or it might have been even been at the same time that that story went out. The Emmy Ruiz, who is the, the White House political director for Biden.


She tweeted out a beehive. I saw that on my timeline myself. So I was like, oh this is real. Yeah. The Beehive emoji. Yeah, The bee. Oh the bee. Yeah, the bee. The beehive emoji. He's like, wait, I didn't get invited today. And then after that she had to come back out after the story got debunked, she had to come back out and be like, sorry y'all, my 6-year-old took my phone. I don't know. So you asked me earlier, I wanna know Lauren, 'cause you were the senior news producer at TMZ. Yeah. One of few. What does that entail mean that you were behind every salacious headline? Salacious headline is crazy. We are journalists. Okay. I was behind every factual story. Factual story. There you go. That pop culture for the last eight years. Talk That talk Lauren. So with that said, how does TMZ get this so wrong? So when I first read the story, I thought You know, maybe they had talked to some law enforcement sources because they had the line in there about Chicago PD being heavily involved in her security and maybe security or Chicago PD was just put on alert because of the rumor of it potentially happening.


They have to prepare because that's a big thing. Right? But then when I like remembered the Steph Curry part, I'm like, how did they know one thing and not the other? I think in my opinion, after reading this, after seeing Beyonce's publicist response where she posted the photo from home and said, stop believing rumors or reporting rumors or whatever. But then you have this Biden White House political director tweeting out a b knowing what that will imply. I think that the story was actually correct and I'm going with the theory that a lot of people are throwing out there now that because this was broken, the story was broken, leaked, leaked before Beyonce actually showed up. Now she's not gonna do it because her security is compromised potentially. Like there's a lot that goes into play when you bring a Beyonce into a You.


know what I mean? A situation like the dnc, especially after Trump was recently shot and just like you don't know where people minds are. Well, Oprah's story got leaked, like Oprah wasn't on the bill and that was a surprise. But then that got leaked a few hours earlier that she was gonna be there. She still showed up. I think it's a little different with Beyonce. No shade to Oprah. But I just think it's a little bit different with Beyonce. I I agree. I just do. And and the only reason why Not to say Beyonce's bigger than Oprah, but in that You know there's other people there that they were protecting way heavier than they would a Beyonce. Right? I mean like You know elected officials, You know people that actually run the country. That's True. Yeah. But Beyonce brings a certain heightened like situation into the conversation. The president more than former presidents, I mean Answer more than somebody running, more than somebody running for President.


This is how much The, World doesn't care about Beyonce. She didn't answer the phone in the middle of the report. Like No, I'm just saying. So I I I didn't, I thought that that just got it wrong. And sometimes that happens, right? Because you do have trusted sources that you do trust who are valid and they can be led to believe one thing because people are over preparing for situations like this because there's so many public people. If she was performing would be more than just security concerns. It would have to be music. It would have to be a whole lot into Beyonce. The Rumor, the rumor was that she was performing as Soldier Field earlier, but somebody would've saw a sound check. Here's the thing, I think that somebody just lied. And I think that there was a bunch of rumors coming from probably a bunch of credible people and they were all just Wrong. And, and, and that's the thing, right? That's it. It's a lot of times in this even If you are vetting stories as, as a journalist and You know And I know for a fact that in that newsroom they work through sources because they don't ever want something like this to happen because it does go to question your credibility.


Even though I think they'll be fine. Who getting fired? Anybody getting fired 'cause of this? I don't think nobody's gonna get fired because of this. Because I'm trying to tell y it too many people had messed up two major things in one story and only one was wrong. Yeah. That means wherever that first thing came from, that Steph Curry situation, whatever that source was. So you think it, it was, you think it was supposed to happen back because of Me. I think it was supposed to happen. They squashed it. And then also too, you gotta think about it. A TMZ knows how big that story is coming from ATM Z. Yeah. They ain't gonna play around with that. They gonna triple check, confirm, like, I don't know. But it does happen. We've had blur other, other mix up from TNZ. Right? Remember they had killed Lil Wayne for a little bit. I don't, I don't remember that though. I Remember killing Lil, I was, I remember, I remember them saying that Lil Wayne was in the hospital and there was a priest there.


I guess praying. I don't remember them saying he died though. No, he was dead for a little bit. It was implied. But then they had brought him back. Oh he Did? Did Jesus Christ. It was, yeah. Was he was gone for a little bit. But, but again that could, but how does That happen? Good sources who have in, in the midst of a chaotic conver situation like that, people just throwing things as it's happening. Like You know. It's just sometimes Moving fast. Great being first you just wanna be right. Especially Nastar because I always go, I always when you're first What? When you're first you become TMZ. Hello? That's The truth. The matter All the time. But I go to TMZ because usually I know TMZ is 99%. Right. This didn't Change how you feel about TMZ though, did they? No. No. It didn't Mean either. If, you ask me. TMZ got popping when they Michael Jackson, when they called Michael Jackson.


I'll never forget that day. They did Michael Jackson and then it was the DUI with what's his name, white actor. I'll look it up. But it his DUI was big, big too. So many. Alright, you got another story? You got time. Oh yeah. Do I do have another story? See I, Beyonce didn't threw me all the way off. Now I'm over here trying to figure it out. So in other news, mour, have you guys been seeing people post very deur, very mindful. Yes. Yes. So that saying, which comes from like a small clip from the nanny na friend, the, the TV show. There is a popular talker named Jules LeBron and Jules LeBron put out this video talking about how they prepare for job interviews after, or how they prepare to go to work after getting the job from an interview.


Let, let's take a listen. See how I do my makeup for work? Very demure, very mindful. I don't look like a clown when I go to work. I don't do too much. I'm very mindful while I'm at work. A lot of you girls go to the interview looking like Marge Simpson and go to the job looking like Patty and Selma not demure. So that went crazy. You had J-Lo recreating it. Serena gorilla Kim K put it as a caption. Lindsay Lohan, it was everywhere. So of course something is big. The first thing people think is trademarking. 'cause now you wanna do merch. All that good stuff. Well, Jules did not submit the trademark filing first. So TMZ again broke a story that there was a guy in Washington state named Jason Bates who had actually filed for a trademark for very demure, very mindful.


And at the time they weren't sure if this was related to Jules LeBron come to find out it wasn't because Jules LeBron came back online and they were crying because they felt like they missed the mark to file a trademark. Now this person about to make all this money off of a video they made or a line that they may go back popular. So, but hopefully they can file something to try and get it not to happen. For What? He got it first. Somebody at it first. Yeah, he got it first. And it had nothing to do with that. He Got it. Trademarking is not first come first serve though. But If it, but if it had nothing to do with their saying and you said it didn't, he could trademark His own thing. No, it does. It's the same. They, they trying to trademark very demure, very mindful. It's the same exact saying. Did somebody have it first? They, so he submitted the, his claim to trademark it.


But so, so trademarking is not first to come first Serve envy You know that. So buy it from him. Buy it from him. That's the way business is What what they are saying is that they don't have the money to do it. So we gotta wrap this. He ain't Have, he ain't got money to Fight that. Not my problem. Alright, Well that is Very slow. Y'all real mean to disenfranchised this morning. Very slow, very welfare. Do. That's what I'm getting from all, that's the theme of this morning. Very slow, very welfare. That's just With the mess with law and the, so now Don, today we giving that down Computer man before, after the hour. We need JD Vance to come to the front of congregation. We like to have a world with 'em. Please. Alright, We'll get to that next. So don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning America. America has a problem. Wade overturned. They taking black judge.


The Supreme Court has issued a ruling on the extent of presidential immunity from criminal prosecution. Shocking body camera video released today shows the deadly police shooting. It feels like my Katrina doesn't stuff me. Charlemagne. Now is not the time to sit this one out. It's time for don't give the day. America is a big reality TV show on The, Breakfast. Club. Would you rather have the black president or the white president have a problem figuring out we're you're Premier Trump and you ain't black. It's enough. America has a bread. Yes. Turn. Turn the mics on after the intro. Alright, donkey, today for Monday, August 26th goes to Donald Trump's running mate, JD Van. Hey. Hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some sh that really happened.


It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist Baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on now back to the funk. Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 and Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors.


Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains, seize the thrill, and start exploring with a 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa com to learn more intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo. Now I'm about to say something that is so obvious and so basic and what I'm about to tell you is that women make up a significant portion of the American electorate.


Did y'all know that? Oh my God. 53 to 55% of the voting population in America, the America, the election, the the voters are women. Okay? 53 to 55% of the voting population in American elections are women. So you have to be a pretty terrible politician to do things to upset that base. All of you folks who are championed abolishing Roe v. Wade, I'm talking to you. And that's why JD Vance is probably the worst VP pick of all time. If I was Donald Trump, I would've chosen a woman. You know, maybe Nikki Haley. I just feel with the attack that the GOP has waged on women's reproductive rights. You need a woman on your ticket out there explaining that issue because Trump and everybody around him with a penis are horrible at it.


Okay? Especially JD Vance. Now, back in 2021, JD Vance referred to Vice President Kamala Harris as a childless cat lady who doesn't have a direct stake in the future of this country. Let's listen. We're effectively run in this country via the Democrats via, via our corporate oligarchs by a bunch of childless cat ladies who are miserable at their own lives and the choices that they've made. And so they wanna make the rest of the country miserable too. If. you look at Kamala Harris, Pete Buttigieg, A OC. The entire future of the Democrats is controlled by people without children. Pete has two kids though, weird jd. And the JD stands for just dumb. Or maybe it stands for Jackass Donkey. Now If, you had a running mate for someone running You know, for running with a person who takes credit for getting rid of Roe v.


Wade If, you were that human. I would think you would want to clear that up because you don't want to have a ticket of men who just seem like they hate women. But nope, that's not who Jackass Donkey Vance is. Okay? He was on Meet the Press yesterday and told Kristen Walker that he doesn't have any regrets. Let's listen. Yes, I made a sarcastic comment years ago that I think that a lot of Democrats have willfully misinterpreted. But what I've simply said is that I, I think that it's really a profound change that's happened in our country where we become anti-family. And, I would like to change that. Do you regret making that comment, Senator? Look, Kristen, I'm gonna say things from time to time that people would disagree with. I'm a real person. I'm gonna make jokes. I'm gonna say things sarcastically. That's true.


There are certainly gonna be things that I say if I'm elected vice president, people are gonna say, well, I wish he had said that differently. Absolutely. I think it's most important to actually be the person I actually am. And to say those sarcastic comments were made in the service of a real substantive point Given that people have told you directly have spoken out, have said that they were offended, they were hurt by those comments. Do you wish you never made those childless cat lady comments? I think that it's much more important for me to just be a normal human being who sometimes says things to no regrets that people disagree with regret. I have a lot of regrets, Kristen. But making a joke three years ago is not in the top 10 of the list. That explanation would work if it was me. Okay, but not If. you are running with someone who's running for President of the United States of America.


I just don't understand why you would choose to purposely insult 22 million people. Yes, according to census data, nearly 22 million US women between the ages of 20 and 39 don't have children. That's a lot of people to potentially piss off when you running for president of the United States of America. Now, it's not a given. You know those women will vote for Madame Vice president. We saw that with Hillary in 2016. But If you out here campaigning, explaining yourself to people applies as to why you shouldn't be president of the United States of America. The one thing you should be attempting to do is avoid purposely offending people, purposely pissing people off. Just dumb vans. You said that women with no children should have less political influence because they aren't invested in the future in the same way as parents.


Jackass, donkey vans feels like If. you don't have kids. You're somehow less capable of understanding or caring about the direction of this country. I feel like you challenged 22 million women to a dual with those comments. Okay? I believe those women are gonna go out in November and show you how much political influence they actually have. Not to mention jd, your opponent is a woman. Being that she's a woman. There is not an interview you going to be in that. You will not be asked about this eventually, you're gonna have to walk it back just for political purposes. Okay? I saw Trump tweet out that his administration will be great for women in their reproductive rights. This is when you don't listen to what a person says they going to do. You look and see what they have done.


Okay? He put three judges on the Supreme Court that voted to abolish Roe v. Wade, and Trump takes the credit for abolishing Roe v. Wade and Denny Abs and running mate to ticket like JD Vance, who thinks women with no kids have less value than women with kids. And JD refuses to walk that point back, not even for political purposes. Will he walk it back? Let me explain to you why you should. And it's really simple. The idea that someone's worth or investment in society is tied to whether they have children is as ridiculous as you being chosen to be. Someone's running mate. Okay? People contribute to society in countless ways, regardless of whether they're parents. And this notion that only women with kids should have a significant say in our nation's future. It's insulting and dangerous.


What about the millions of childless adults who work in education, healthcare, and all these other fields that shape our communities? What about the women who physically can have children or the women who choose not to have kids for whatever reason, You know they do have that choice, right? I know y'all want to take away a woman's right to choose, but they still have a choice. I know you trying to score points with the MAGA base, but while but doing it while alienating a massive portion of the electorate women, that's just not good politics. See, jackass Donkey Vance Being a parent doesn't make you a better person or a more valuable citizen. It just makes you a parent. Okay? Respect for others and their choices, however, is what truly makes someone worthy of leadership.


You don't have those values. Please give JD Vance the sweet sandwich. No matter of fact, let Remy ma give JD Vance the biggest haw Heehaw Heehaw. You stupid mother. Are you dumb? All right, well thank you for that Donkey today. Now let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. My producer sent me something that I guess he was looking at on spiritual work. Which producer? Speaking of Big Mac. Big Mac. So it got something to do with Food? No, no, no, it doesn't. I guess somebody posted this and they, I reposted it. A lady named Nady said, there is no single woman above 30 who is happy being single. No matter how you pretend to be deep down, you want a man.


Wow. Is that fax or a cap? 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Again, there is no single woman above 30 who is happy being single. Yeah, let Me read it. Oh, you want me, can I read it? Yeah. You want me? I'll send it to you. I'll send It. I'll Send it to you. I'll send it to you. I'll send it. He Don't know how to work his phone. He like 80. Nah, I'm gonna send it to him. I, no, I just wanna read it. I don't, I don't, I can't believe somebody would say something like that. I just send it to you should have it. Tell me when you got it. Tell me. He just, he just feel like he about to stir pot. There is no single woman above 30 who is happy being single. No matter how you pretend to be deep down, you want a man. Damn. He said, why you look at me? Why He saying like, Why are you look at me?


I don't know. Are you Happy? I'm happy You know about. We've talked about Lauren. Lauren, the universe is listening. Wait, We gonna find a man too. Let, let's do this when we come back. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If, you just joining us, Lauren the is here. She's filling in for Jess. Lauren's mom is here. Mama Join us on this conversation. We gonna do, when we come back, I want you to join us on this conversation because Lauren, the Rosa's mama behind the scenes was like, I just want another grandchild. Oh, God is so good to me on this morning. It's The Breakfast Club The Breakfast Club. It's topic time.


Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Talk about it. Everybody is DJ Envy. Jess hilarious Charlamagne ne guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Now Lauren LaRosa is filling in for Jess. And if you're just joining us, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. This is something we seen on spiritual word. Now charlamagne, I'm gonna let you read it. 'cause he reads it with so much like, Yeah, he just, it's so full of joy. This, this morning. It's like the pastor taking the altar. I mean the Who The spiritual world. This young lady's name is at Paul Nady. Spiritual word, not world Word. I said word needs a world. And Paul Nady said, there is no single woman above 30 who is happy being single period. No matter how you pretend to be comma, deep down you want a man period.


Ain't no semicolons, ain't no.dot dots. She is matter of fact, with this statement now, I want all women listening to this convo before we have it to understand that the universe is listening to you and your tongue is powerful. You going to get what you asked for and get it because you asked for it. So before you say, I don't need no man, think about the things you are saying, Lauren. Go, I am happy, but I am going to find my husband. Okay. I think that in order for me to find the, the well, not he's gonna find me. He's on his way, but I gotta be ready to greet him when he get here. So I think that I had to kind of, you ain't ready doing right now. I'm, I'm getting myself together. But I am in a good space. And. I wanna be. 'cause I wanna attract somebody who's also Yeah, Lauren LA's mom is here.


Yes. Lauren Larose's mother is here. And you, I'm gonna tell you, mom, she talks about you a lot. She says you put a lot of pressure on her to find a man and have kids. Is that true man? Well, well, Lauren LA's mom behind the scenes says she has one grandchild and she wants more. Shout Out to my brother's his birthday today too. Yes. Shout out to Don Kirk Boyd. That's my son. I had him on my birthday. So birthing is a, is a big deal to me. That's Right. And. I. Do not believe that a person should do it before they're ready. You know, And, I do feel like God is so good that he gives it to you right on time. Like I say, my son was born on my birthday right on time.


And Lauren, you, Lauren, you had Lauren when you was like, did, you said 38. 38. Wow. Which indeed. Wow. Were you ti then or you just was having some good a fun night in Delaware? I was Good Up here. I had my, I had my house built. Okay. And then on that year when I, after I had my inspections the next month, I, I took that fertility pill and had my baby. Wow. So You know you wanted to have another child. I Was the first. She's my first, My brother's youngest. Oh, Gotcha. Happy Birthday to Calvin. So, So you had, so you had Lauren at 38 and you had Calvin at what age? No, Calvin is my, my uncle Don is my brother. It's a lot of birthdays in my family this weekend. Hold on now. Who's the brother now? My brother is Don just said he's younger Than you. Yes.


Okay. So you had, you had Lauren at 38 and your, and the, your son at what age? I must have had you at 36. Yeah, my brother at 38. And my and your brother at 38. Oh, okay. Because that's when I was finished at 38. So Let me ask you a question. Now. We got time now, Lauren. I'm not trying to do 36. I'm be honest with y'all Now. You were talking and your phone was ringing. Your phone has been ringing all morning long. And Lauren was a little jealous 'cause she was like, damn, it's that man. You got a man and you over 30. You got a man calling you, you blushing you off. It's her birthday. You said the conversation happened. He he was a good communicator. He's A good communicator. Hip. My god. I like that. I love I like that. Mama said he good communicator.


Find a good communicator. Can you find A good communicator? Why you, why don't you think your daughter could find a good communicator? Not yet. I will. But not You didn't have that yet. I Think you can. I think all women can. It's just that you have to remember that. That's what you want. Like you say, put it up in, put it in the air. Put in the atmosphere. Yeah, put it in the atmosphere. My son says the same thing too. I also, some of these women put fornication before communication and that's the problem. Wait, Break that down. You care about sex before anything else? No. I think that's a guy's belief. I don't think, Not this new era of city girls. Mom. No, I think there are women. No, I think that there are women that do that. And, I think that there are women who even if they don't want, want that to happen, they feel like they gotta do that in order. That's what I'm saying. Order, get the man where they think they need to get 'em at.


Exactly. But eventually what you realize, and that's what I'm saying, you need to take the time. For me, I had to be single a little bit because I had to realize like what was important. Like I don't even what first you Said a lot bit. You said a little bit said lot. You said it's been a little bit okay. Majority of my life I've been in relationships. And when I say I thought about that, I'm like, you gotta like take, is This true? Is this mom? Did you like any of these guys that Lauren was bringing home? I love what Lauren loves. I love what Don loves. That's theirs. That means no Really? That means no, no. That means yes. You know Lauren like the sizzle a little bit. You know. You know what Don, because I believe she really loved the God that she was with. Oh man. Well, how how many years? Seven years. 10. 10 years broke her heart.


No. If anything it broke both of their hearts. Aw, You know What about these girls she be dabbling with what girl? What you talking about? You ain't know About that Mom. He's joking. Joking. Oh, I Ain't know. I thought you already had that convo. Tell how you Lauren, I thought Had that convo. Hey, Hey If, you get, Hey, I get on her for joking about you because I love she Don't like it when I say you does How you respect your wife. Yes Ma'am. I Love, love. I just love, love Lauren. But she comes at you. Yes ma'am. And I'll be like, Lauren, that's your boss. Don't we do that? I'm Not, I told her Have job. No, That's not true. But let's come. And Also you love who you love. I I I really like the fact that you indulge in all types of people.


Lauren, don't Block it. So you ain't know Lauren like girls too. I know. She, I know what she likes best If she did. She's getting crazy Means lying. I know baby. I know baby. She's all Right. What? Whatever she loves, we love. If she like it, we love it. If she li it, we love it. Can we open? Can we please open the phone line? I never wanted to fight it so bad. Kendra, You there? Kendra? Oh my God. Yes. Yes. I'm here Now. Kendra. It says, if I'm reading this right, it says you're 40 and you're single and very happy by choice. Yes. Yes. So, oh my God.


First of all, I cannot believe I am on the radio. Good morning you all. Good morning. So I'm a good morning. I'm a single mother by choice. So I had my daughter, the sperm donation. And so we're a mom and baby family. I am 40. I am single and I'm very happy. I love the life that I have created for me and my child. Yeah. She's happy for it. But if a good man came along, you open to it. Right? I'm, I think everybody wants human connection. And, I. Sure. So I Think so. I wouldn't be open. Absolutely. I think that people get it wrong with single women. It's like you not single because you walking around with a I hate men sticker on your head. It's just you don't got time for a lot of the stuff that come with certain types of men.


So yes, a good man comes along. Yeah. But all the thank you Kendra, all the women Paul 90 said in the pose is that deep down every woman really does want a man. But I think too, it's a thing with women when you, like if, if women just called up here and said, you right, I really do want a man. I can't live without a man. It's like as a woman, you kind of feel like it puts yourself in a position to be vulnerable. And we can't, it's really tough to be vulnerable with these you These men out here right now, universe. What you want. If. you want a man tell the universe I want a man. I'll take some more calls when we come back. 800 a good man. Five eight. 5 1 0 5. One spiritual word yesterday poach posted. There's no single woman above 30 who is being happy single. No matter how you pretend to be deep down, you want a man.


I just understand why she tagged. Lauren Facts. Oh, cap 805 8 5 1 5 1 is The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Calling Everybody is DJ Envy. Jess the guy. We ought The Breakfast. Club. 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. To join into the discussion We were talking about And I. Guess something. That spiritual word posted yesterday. There's no single woman above 30 who is being happy single. No matter how you pretend to be deep down, you really what a man actually tag Lauren. So we asked, I asked it. Is that facts or cap? They didn't really tag me, did they? They did. Hello, who's this?


Good morning. DJJ Envy. Charlemagne, the God osa. This is Monique. How are you guys? Morning Monique. Good morning. Okay, What do you think? I'm 50. I'm 53 years old and happily single. I love men. And, I have plenty of men in my life, but I don't have to have a singular one. Been there, done that. The pool has been pissed in and I'm good with what I'm doing. But you Hurt. But you got a roster it sounds like to me. It sounds like you got a few men. Exactly. So that's the point. You're still making her point. Deep down. People lock companionship. Everybody wants No, no, no. She said you want a man, that means that he is totally yours. You are totally his. But you got men's.


I'm Mine, but I'm totally mine. I go where I want to. With whom I want to. They can do the same. They're not mine. You can't say, oh, that's my man, my man, my man. That's not my man. Okay. So when I call him and say, Hey, we going on a trip? Yes boo, I got you. Let's go. That's Her man for that weekend. I, she she'll play a play for and sometimes after She says she was 50, 50. Three. Three. Yeah. 53. Yeah. You get to a certain point where it's just you exhausted. Hello Ari? Yes. What's your thoughts, Ari? Okay, so if we're being adult about it, and if I'm being honest, the answer is it's true. Yes ma'am. I initially said I'm fighting that that is not a true fact. Everybody has different phases in their life, but essentially, I don't care what you're going through, if you're working on self-development, maybe it is okay in this moment over 30 to be alone, to kind of focus.


We're still looking for a partnership and companionship at the end of the day. Okay, Well thank you you for being Real. For the key takeaway is happy. Yes. You gotta be If. you want, if we're being honest, the key takeaway is happy if we focus on that. That's true. Okay. Thank You for being real Aari. Hello. Who's this? Why do you think we hate men? Angelina? Hey Angelina. Good morning. What's your thought Mean that though CJ And I am 49 years old. I am retired military And I am very single and very happy. But the right man came along. Would you wanna be with him? Of course. That is the whole point of the tweet. All she's saying is that deep down everybody really wants a man. No, not really, really want a man. But really, really?


But see, I told you it's that. It's that having to be vulnerable enough to say my life isn't completed without a man. Women don't be wanting to do that no more. These men don't even be, these is not the type that Beyonce said to. I promise you, I'm gonna tell you something too, man. This is the big demo calling up here. This the big age demo. This, this, it is our age and better calling up here this morning. Okay, So imagine how we feel that, that the woman before her was 50. The lady that just hung up was 39. So she about to be 40. Imagine 32, 33. And you dealing with men at your age. And just because you've learned to live with something like you've learned to live a certain way doesn't mean that you're comfortable with It. No. And you should never be comfortable with anything that you can just sit in and be comfortable with.


Honestly, you should always be growing and wanting more and do, do more. You're Getting better. But sometimes it just be like you Life better. It gotta be worth breaking My peace. That's Lauren. Emotion's. Mom has to make You better. Now when, when your mom said during the break that she wants more grandkids, I seen that it kind of hurt you. I hear it didn't hurt me. I hear it all the time. She's gonna get more grandkids. But it has to make sense. But I for I don't just tell her I tell my son too. No You don't. I Do tell Don dude ain't told him that. 'cause he would've had one like yesterday. I Always tell Don, I ain't never heard you tell him that. No, but he's so smart. He's smart. My kids are smart. And I remind. I like how you may clean that up, that Don was smart You Know who dumb. I remind Lauren that we make, we make smart babies because, so she ought to get her one.


But You gotta pick the right partner to make them smart babies. So This is what I'm Well, she's smart, But that's my thing.


Hey, hey. Gather round. I got the low down on the hottest show in town based on some sh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist Baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrence Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on now back to the funk.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moon roof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds in an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes, you can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent, all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide an owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


See, I think you got done running in, running into that. She wants the communication. Yes ma'am. She wants the communication. She wants somebody to want to You know to have a happy life because You know there's some people, oh trust me, that just, Amanda just wanna be miserable or just wanna make their partner miserable. That's right. So they don't feel good about themselves. Themselves. That's right. So she has to get, find somebody that's in tune that wants to be happy and then can take her happiness. That's right. And enjoy it and then make it priceless. That's true. Because, because no man or or woman can make you happy. Happiness is something that you already gotta have suffer for Yourself. So we said we happy then Why is that a problem? How you happy you not I am.


I'm in a really happy place. I'm in a such a great space. But yes, I don't, my husband will find me and make it even better. It better. Yeah. You gotta make it better. You can't take away, I don't think, Take away their Happiness. What's The moral? The moral of the story is, I think what Lauren's mom said is very true communication. I think communication before fornication. And nobody's saying women aren't happy. We're just saying that. Go ahead boy. We're just saying that deep down. Everybody wants companionship. Men and women. Alright. Nobody wants to be alone. Well, We got just mess on Us. Not too, not us. We do. We we're gonna get into, speaking of kids, and families. Eminem. He dropped some music videos and some songs that are dedicated to his kids and his daughter Hailey is reacting to them. Oh, y'all ain't gonna play Drake, huh?


Drake drop Drop three records. Y'all ain't gonna play not one record I talk about. That's all right. I'm gonna start the mix with a Drake record. That's okay. You only Can do one white boy. Break a Rumor report please. One white boy per rumor report. Yeah. Relax. We need little Mocha. Only one white man per just with domestic. That's right. I'm gonna start to mix with some Drake. If We do a hundred percent white man, we can't do a 50% white man too. That's too much white in the, just with domestic. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's Steve. I love that line. Crop top with some biker shorts. Some showing off my Moose Knuckles. Mo Knuckles. Damn Kn. Y'all like guys would like that line too. I love that line. First time I heard it I was like, see that's just realism that I like Jesus. All right, well let's get to Jess with the Mess with Lauren LaRosa.


You Music is Real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don't do, She Don't spare. Nobody. Don't, Bro. Why Jess Worldwide Mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's a coach. Lauren. Lauren LaRosa, I'm back. And. I got the mess. Talk, talk To me. So Eminem has been dropping new music as we know, and he recently dropped visuals for his song Temporary and his song Save Me Featuring Jelly Roll. Now these two songs in particular are geared toward his children. And we know famously his daughter Hailey always talks about a lot in his songs.


He's basically apologizing for choosing drugs over them for some time. And Hailey has a podcast. So she responded to what it was like watching these videos in real time. Let's take a listen. But somebody save me Music video is out. I, I watched it in entirety. And I. Don't think I can do it again. I definitely cry every time I hear it at all. That between that and temporary, I audibly sobbed, I think for both songs, but especially temporary. But I will say I feel like my parents did such a good job growing up where I didn't realize how bad things were. But now, like as an adult, in hindsight, it's so scary to think about And.


I think that's why I get emotional so much. Like just thinking that that could have happened. I'll say like, if you've ever lost an addict or loved one, I feel for you. Yeah. She could barely hold back to Tears in the podcast. I want, I wanna take a listen to the song Temporary. I'm sorry. I wanna take a listen to the song, save Me Featuring Jelly Roll so we can kind of get a gist of like what she's referring to. Have you ever heard Jelly Rose's original Save Me Song with Laney Wilson? Oh my god. Phenomenal. Mm, phenomenal. Phenomenal record. Well, listening to this one and watching the videos for this and for temporary, I kind of got a little emotional for her because I can't imagine like just being a kid in, in that.


And they actually have some of the video, like the home video footage from like when she was actually a kid. And then there's like reenactments as well too. But You know Eminem had like a really bad battle with drugs and he like had like that almost fatal od in 2007. He like admits to like taking up to 20 sleeping pills a day sometimes. So I can only imagine kind of what that was like as a parent trying to be You know you're famous, you got your kids and, and temporary. He actually, that song is about him. It's like he wrote it as if he didn't survive his addiction. Right? And he's giving like some encouragement to his children basically saying like, don't worry about me and the decisions I made. Y'all still have to live. I would never be able to listen back to something like that. I would break down. Gotta Be, gotta be difficult.


But You know it. It's as parents sometimes I guess you don't, you don't think about the effects at times when you miss your, your child's guitar You know class or your, your You know the, the graduation or this. 'cause you always think, well I'll make the next one. Well I I was busy, I was working, I'll make the next one. But you don't understand the effects that it has on your kids, which is more important. They don't, your kids don't care about the money. Right. They care about having their parents actually there. So He also was battling addiction. Very. Yeah. And I think's Part of it also. So, so that's the reason he was missing all of that, that that stuff. You know he was battling addiction. That's, to me, that's the moral of the story more than anything. Like he was, he got over his drug addiction and and became a better man. Yeah. Well moving on. Cam Newton, he had a pretty interesting conversation.


He sat down with a woman, a therapist named Dr. Bryan. Yep. And they talked about a lot of different stuff when it comes to dating and marriage and just like the family structure, men versus women. But there was a clip from the conversation that is going insanely viral and we're gonna get into it. Let's take a listen. I'm not married. I have beautiful children. How many? Eight. By how many women? Three. I want more. I just want God to bring them. Oh, okay. My desire to get married is lower than my fear of divorce. So as you would said, Dr. Bryan, I'm just taking my time. You're not taking your time. I am though. You're being very action based. You're not taking your time. You have eight kids with three different women. Yes. You are creating procreating and multiplying that is not taking your time.


You're being very selectively active. Mm. Okay. You wanna take your time in having a wife because of your own fears. But you will selfishly create broken families even if you're in their life. But these families are still broken. Every child cannot have papa in the house with them. So some child, if not all, will end up with some kind of deficit without daddy being there. Don't sit with the lady If you not If. you don't wanna hear the truth. The lady's a Great conversation. Lemme tell you the way she was, that interview was two hours long. I see. I watched it twice the way she was spitting in that interview. And honestly I thought it was good. Good. At first I thought it was a good dynamic because You know Cam Newton. He's gonna push back. He's gonna say how he feels.


But then the second time I watched it, I was a little disappointed by him. Why? Because I felt like even though he was speaking what he felt and it was his truth, I think he was, he wasn't as open and receptive to a lot of the things that she was saying. And it was almost like he was like trying to get like the Gotcha. I'm smarter than you moment rather than really listening to what she was saying from her point of view. Which is why you brought her on the show. Well that don't mean it won't hit him later. It, I I hope it does You know what I mean? Hit him later. I don't know about a month. A lot of his personal business, but I just always respected his conversations. 'cause he is really good at what he does. And I. Don't know why he felt a little closed off to her in that, in that conversation. But I was like, she handled it very well though. That's what People say about Nick Cannon too, as as far as the broken home aspect Of it. Right? Oh, Dr. Bryan sat down with Nick Cannon too.


I'm surprised that didn't go viral. So it did started that did start going re viral after this clip. And then also too, and this was like kind of sad 'cause she has nothing to do with this outside of the fact that she did have a baby by Cam Newton. But Jazzy the comedian, the clip of her sitting down in an interview and talking about being a submissive woman to a man and all that stuff went viral as well. So it's a lot of people that got some shots following this interview. Alright. I like Dr. Bryan. I would like to have Dr. Bryan at this year's Mental wealth expo, which we about to announce soon. You know my do my annual mental wealth ex expo every year. She, she, she Should come up pay as well. She's in town. Alright. Yeah. You like telling women what they need in their life. I think she could have a great conversation with you. I Don't like to tell no women what they need in their life.


I don't tell 'em nothing. No. I just, I just, when I hear y'all talk, especially you y'all, because you be sound delusional. Delusional. I, I just tell you the truth. I Think that my delusion you be because my delusion is warranted though. Because Because the, the conversation changed a lot. At first. It was like, I don't need no man, I don't want no man. Then I'm like, Lauren cut it out. She's like, I never said Because I do Want man You know that don't mean I'm not happy. I never said you weren't Not happy. I never said I don't need or want. I've said when I'm ready and my delusion is warranted. You know I was in couple Lululemon. All Right. Lulu Summer. It's been a Lulu Lolo summer and I've been having the time, but I'm going back inside soon so don't even Worry. Well that is just with the mess with Laura Osa. So yes, since Lauren doesn't like light Skin Men, whoa. Drake release three records over the weekend. She ain't mentioned it one time. She ain't play one Drake record.


She ain't even hint towards it. I'm gonna start to mix off with Drake because you like light Skinned men. Mama. I like black men. There you go. She like black. I like black Men. That's right. Wait A minute, lemme explain. Black men means all shades men. She said All lives matter. All lives. Charlamagne The same. Charlamagne love is the same. Thank you mama. Yeah. 'cause You only like light skimming When we come back. It's The, Breakfast Club. Good morning Envy. I know you like all men. Shut up. Back. Back. Chicken out the world's most dangerous morning show. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The.


Breakfast. Club. Lauren Ro is filling in for Jess and Lauren brought her mom today 'cause it's her mom's birthday. Yes. So happy birthday mama. How's, That's my mom and my brother's birthday. Virgo Crazies in the house. I'm not mad of Virgo. I wanna salute Kelsey's in Atlantic City. Man. Kelsey's just because I went to Kelsey's yesterday 'cause I was in Atlantic City 'cause my guy Andrew Sholtz had a comedy show on Saturday night. So me and the wife had a little date night in Atlantic City salute the, the Oceans Hotel. Frank that owns the Oceans Hotel salute to you. But Kelsey's brunch is incredible. It is all right. When I tell you, see I'm a down south guy, so I like down south breakfast. So when I eat something that just genuinely brings me joy and makes me happy, that brunch was so good.


I had shrimp and grits and they had the shrimp with the Turkey sausage in it. And then the, the Turkey gravy. And then they had the chicken sausages that taste like the ones you used to eat in high school. Then they had the fresh homemade biscuits. Oh my god. Kelsey and sweet potato waffles. Oh man, Kelsey, man, You had to take a nap after all that, didn't you? I I was, I felt so good. I was just hyped. I was up You. know what I mean? And the thing is, I've eaten at Kelsey's before, but I've always eaten it for dinner. I've never had the the brunch. The brunch buffet. So If you ever in Atlantic City on a Saturday and Sunday, do yourself a favor and go to Kelsey's brunch from 10 to three. That's right. Okay. S Luke to Kelsey's man. Great place. South to Kelsey Place. They play swag serve too. They what Do they play? Swag, surf or you just eat there? They what? Swag serve.


Is it like a Turner Brunch or Oh yeah. They had DJ yesterday had a, they had a DJ man. They had a, a guy hosting the party. Okay. Shout out to Charlemagne. God in the building. He was outside. I just was going to eat. I didn't know they had all that You, know what I'm saying? I was just like, oh, okay. Even know. Had no idea. All Right. When we come back, we got the positive notice. The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club Lauren. We're also filling in for Jess. You got a positive note Charlamagne. I do. Before I get to the positive note, I wanna say that there's another reason that none of y'all will ever be Michael Jackson. And. I was reminded of it. 'cause somebody they posted it on Instagram. I think today is the 34th, 35th year of Michael Jackson's video game. Moonwalker. You remember Moonwalker? It was an arcade game then it came out on Sega Genesis.


Yep. Phenomenal. And I Am online right now about to order this goddamn arcade game. Buy the buy one. I'm about to buy the I want the game. I want the the thing to stand up in your house so You know if anybody out there got it for, for cheaper than what is listed for online. Damn hol at it's expensive online. Yeah. It's like what you say, don't put the price out there, but it's expensive. He got money. No, I ain't got that type of money. That's why I'm asking anybody out there, If. you got it If. you got it for cheaper. Let me know. 'cause usually these, these nowadays, especially these standalone arcade games, don't cost this much. But the only thing I will say about this, this has a warranty. Yes. It has a two year warranty, so that might be worth it, right? I don't know. But I want the Michael Jackson Moonwalker arcade game.


So holler at me. You can pick the trim, the colors and all that. That's what I'm saying. That's what I'm saying. Might have to do it. But the positive note is simply this. Sometimes things go wrong to get you right. You just have to trust the process. Enjoy your day. Breakfast Club bitches do. I'm finished or y'all done. Hey, hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some sh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist Baby. It's about a job hustler Who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrence Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night.


The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on now Back to the Funk.