
This is an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing massy seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather pointed seats are optional features.


Hey, when's last time you've listened to hot 99.5? 'cause we have all of the hit music, but also a lot more like intern John in your morning show. I'm Elizabeth. I wanna make sure you always know about the latest events, deals and things we're making fun of around the DMV. I love This station. You talk about Real stuff and Nick Gomez gets you access to all of your favorite artists. And we're all giving a bunch of things away every day. In fact, you might even be able to win a million dollars. Whoa. What Snap I run. Kill. Awesome. We're DC's number one. Hey music station hot 99 5. Good morning. USA Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo.


Charlamagne the God. Hold on. My headphones ain't on. Oh, Wow. Can you hear me? Jess? Hilarious. Good morning, y'all. Good morning, Jess. Hilarious. How you doing? Hold on. Oh My. Oh, lemme grab her headphones. Hold On. It is Thursday, y'all. Anyway, and it is pregame. Hold one second. Friday. Basically, gimme a minute. All right. Give him a minute, Just a quick switch. Getting his self together. There You go. Lemme hold these real quick. This is the most bootle radio baby I've ever had in my life. Y'all Live radio baby. Okay, here we go. Jessica, Robin Moore. How you Doing? What's up? Good morning. What's happening? Nothing. I'm chilling. I'm home. And I couldn't be all out like that. 'cause if I wake that little baby up that I just like took 30 minutes to put back to sleep.


She Just went to bed. She teething. So like, she up and then she sleep, she up and then she sleep. And it's like, how You give her my headphones? Well, you wasn't here 'cause you was stuck behind that garbage truck. And Jess was talking about her baby not being able to go to sleep. Yo, he is such an idiot. Yo, I she is sleep envy. She eats, she, she sleep now, but you know, it's teething season. So she be up and she sleep and she up and she sleep. So I understand. I get it. Look, yo, Did y'all, did y'all grandmothers ever tell y'all right? I, because I, I'm, I'm trying to figure out if I should do this or not, because a little bit of cognac on a rag and then slide across her gums with My, my grandmother never said that, but I've heard that before. But I don't, I don't know if you should do That. Well, you know who, who was?


I heard you talking about that yesterday with Lauren And She said maybe you should do that. But you do know Lauren drinks Every day. So I don't know if that's show Throw this girl under the bus and back it up on a damn, like why did, why I don't know if it was coc. Well, I said I don know if it was cognac, but it was, it was like some type of alcohol. I I, I don't know why I thought it was rum. Cognac is crazy, but yes, yes. That was Billys next alcoholic beverage. I heard This gonna be some rock daily on you. Come. I, I heard the rum too, but I don't have no rum. I just got Hennessy and VSOP in here. So I, I ain't know what to did. But there's teething things. It's like teething things that you can get. I wouldn't put no cognac on that Emini here. That was a, By the way, four wives tale. That was back in the day.


Yes. You shouldn't even be having them conversations publicly. Them people look, they'll call s on you s Right. St. Jess Hilarious was giving her child like you first thing in the morning. Some recipes we gotta keep amongst each other. You know what, Emini here. Yeah, You're right. But y'all know me, so Yeah. Alright, well let's get the show cracking it. Drew Sdoa will be joining us. You know her from The Real Housewives of Atlanta? Oh, yes. Yes. She has a new album. I did it for me out right now, so we'll be kicking it with Drew Sdoa. And there's a lot to break down in front page news. Trump said there's a bunch of people that's not gonna be allowed in this country. And I'm sure we'll break it down with Morgan when we come back. Jesus. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious.


Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Start off with some quick sports. The paces take on OKC tonight game one of the NBA finals 8:30 PM Eastern time on a b, C. So we'll see how that works out. What up Morgan? Hey y'all. Hey, how you feeling? Good. Good Morning. Good. I love to hear it. Okay, let's get into it. First on front page, Elon Musk is still slamming President. Trump's so-called one big beautiful bill saying it needs to be killed in a post on x musk said a spending bill should be drafted that doesn't massively grow the deficit and increase the debt ceiling by $5 trillion. In a later post he urged Americans to call their senators and congressmen saying, bankrupting America is not okay.


Kill the bill. Now Musk has been critically, highly critically of the spending bill in days since ending his work with Doge as a special government employee for the White House on Tuesday. He called it a disgusting abomination. Meanwhile, the House speaker Mike Johnson says Elon Musk has ghosted his calls and him over President Trump's so-called one big beautiful Bill. And he calls Musk recent comments, very disappointing as he continues to tout the bill. Now, speaker Johnson spoke to the media saying he called Musk following his recent comments, but Elon didn't answer. And he went on to say that he spoke to President Trump. Who's not too delighted about Elon's current stance on this big beautiful Bill.


Let's take a listen to Speaker Johnson. How speaker Mike Johnson? Well, I'll tell you, I called Elon last night and he didn't answer. I don't know what happened in 24 hours. I dunno, everybody can draw their own conclusions about that. Okay? But I look forward to talking to my friend about it again. And obviously we've talked about this. He's, as, as you know, he's not, he's not delighted that Elon did a 180 on that. So Musk has since posted Bankrupting America is not Okay. Again, kill the bill. And the Congressional budget office reports the legislation would add a $2.4 trillion to the nat to the nation's deficit over the next decade. And the bill can only afford to lose 3 0 3 GOP votes in the Senate, which is happening right now.


The Senate is taking up this bill as, as the session has begun now elsewhere, Capitol Hill lawmakers are coming together in opposition. Well, hold on Morgan, I wanna say something right. Well, well this criticism fighting. Yeah, this criticism from Elon is one of two things. Either Elon said, look, I paid damn near $300 million for this presidency, so I have paid the cost. I have paid the cost to be the boss, literally so I can criticize the president and this bill. And if your job, you know, as the head of Doge was defined waste in government, and then you see a bill that's wasteful, you have to call it out. Correct? Yeah. But this also could just be a way for Elon to rehabilitate his image and get his companies back on track.


So they're all in on it. Hey, I'm gonna criticize this bill, I'm gonna criticize you. You know, you're leaving our administration to get back to work. We know that your companies took a hit, so we're gonna let you, you know, criticize us to rehabilitate your image. I will believe all of this when Trump Camps was one of Elon Musk government contracts with SpaceX because you know, that's how he plays. That's how he plays. Yeah, you're right. You Know, that's how he plays. That's that's true. That's True. If somebody around him is really criticizing him and, and you know he's gonna punish them in some way. I believe it when Trump camp is one of Elon Musk's contracts for SpaceX, He's, Elon is already filling, filling it in with Tesla. So, you know, to your point, the both points are good and valid elsewhere. Capitol Hill lawmakers are coming together in opposition of a 10 year ban on AI regulations, which is a part of, also a part of Trump's so-called big beautiful Bill.


Now Georgia Republican Congresswoman Marjorie Taylor Greene, y'all may know her as bleach bomb build bad bills body. Yeah, she says it violates state's rights and California Democrat Ted Liu. He tends to agree adding that banning states from putting guardrails on AI would cause unnecessary harm. Let's take a listen to California Democrat Ted Lu's comments. I agree with Marjorie Taylor Green once every a hundred years. This is that time. I agree that this 10 year provision is extreme. It's going to cause Unn unnecessary harm. This is a bad provision And I hope the Senate will take out this 10 year moratorium. Marjorie Taylor Greene pretty much said that you know, that she doesn't agree with it.


And you know, people came for her saying you had one job just to read the bill. But she basically said the same thing that you know, there's no telling what can happen in 10 years with ai Ted Liu, he wants to senate to strip out the provision. If it stays in there, green says she won't vote for it for when the bill comes back for a vote. And that could doom the whole package. Thanks to the slim margins in the house, again, they can only afford the Senate, Republicans can only afford three votes, no votes in against this bill. Yeah, There have to be some type of regulations on AI over the next Absolutely. We just like, you know, I was, I'd be watching so many AI videos and I'd be just like, wow, Because Emini here at this point, it's hard to tell what's real and what's, you know, what's ai and there definitely needs to be some regulations on that for sure.


But Republican Senators, Rand Paul and Mike Lee also backed must criticism while Republican congresswoman, as I mentioned, Marjorie Taylor Greene expressed Revo regret for voting yes on the measure. Senate Republicans, as I mentioned before, can only afford three no votes to get the measure passed. They're looking at July 4th as a projected deadline to get that bill on Trump's desk. So I'll keep you guys posted on this one big beautiful bill and what could and how it continues to move, okay. Through country. Well thank you Morgan. Thank you. We'll see you next hour. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Get it off your chest. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


The Breakfast Club. I'm telling, I'm telling. Hey, whatcha doing man? I'm telling call calling. Yo. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? Jamal P Jamal, why you sound so aggressive? So damn aggressive this morning. I wanna make sure y'all can hear me. We can hear you, we can definitely hear you. Jamal. Hi all. What's going on y'all? What's up bro? We blessed black and highly favored. How you I'm Good, I'm good. Okay. The floor is yours, sir? Yeah. All right. I want to give my wife Dominique. Happy anniversary.


Hey, We've been together going on 10 years. Married five. And I just wanna tell our lover That's beautiful. My What you got playing for man? We going Outta town this weekend. Where you going Star? Later? Hey, 7 0 4 letter 7 0 4. Yes Sir. Yes sir. Y'all just gonna get a hotel and go check out a, a comedy show or something. It's a concert going on, Something like that. I don't know about no concert, no comedy show. She got a 20 year class reunion going on this weekend. Oh. Her birthday was Tuesday. So you know, I, I got a couple surprises for Okay. Oh nice. Nice. You gonna take her to merch? Take her to merch in Charlotte, man, merch, heart and Soul in Charlotte. Okay. It's a nice soul food restaurant Down.


Yeah, it's called Merch. Nice Soul Food Restaurant in Charlotte called Merch. Merch, Yeah, merch. MERT. I ain't been there in a while, but, alright. Food is amazing. Okay. All y'all laughing. Merch is good as hell. Merch is Great. Have a good One, brother. All right brother. Alright. I appreciate y'all Peace. Hello. Who's this? It's Steve from the Bronx. Steve From the Bronx. Without get it off your chest, Steve. Yeah, yeah. Y'all was talking about the, the big beautiful Bill and Elon Musk. Yes Sir. Sir, Yeah. The reason he, he's opposing it is because it's killing the EV industry in the bill. It kills the, the tax rebate and also it's gonna make people with an EV pay 250 a year just to drive EVs.


So that's why he's opposing the bill. Oh, okay. Y'all have Brian Tyler Cohen. Y'all ever heard of him? Yeah, I heard of Brian Tyler Cohen. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all gotta have him on the show. He just did a video yesterday explaining why Elon Musk was going in on the pill. I think that's, I think that's a another good reason. I also think that he's trying to, to rehabilitate his image though, so just so he can get his companies back on track. Yeah. But if this whole thing is, and he's taking shots at El, definitely He's gonna lose A a bunch of money if they they pass His bill. That's right. Yeah. Yeah, because he already, but he already lost a bunch of money just being the head of Doge, you know, and, and, and, and firing a bunch of people like, so you know, there's a lot of people who already turned their back on a lot of Elon's companies. You see, you see his stock prices dropping crazy. Definitely, definitely.


Alright, brother. Have a good One. I think they said Elon lost like a hundred billion dollars being a part of those. Imagine. Hello? Billion? Yeah, go ahead brother. Yeah, Yeah. Can y'all stop saying the N one so damn much in the morning? Especially just hilarious. I'm see the n one one time. She need Avention. You can't, you said it said you can't tell her not to say it then you say, you say it. Yeah, She need avention. But you said It again. That's Quite another one. Another one. But yes sir. I, I am working on that. Yes sir. You are right. I am. I apologize. That's A damn lie. All right, get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up. And if you're going to work this morning or or to school and you see a long line around GameStop or Target or Walmart, there's a new video game that came out, Nintendo Switch too.


And they're saying that lines are around the corner so they don't think it's something weird. But they're looking up for the, the new Nintendo switch too. So They don't, they don't order online. They still line up and get in line. They Still line up and get in line. That's great. Those great Though. Yeah, I tried to get one for Jackson. Today's Jackson's birthday, but they said I would have to get online at 6:00 AM I told Jackson here. I have to get the second wave of that stuff. I'll get it on eBay for a little more money. But get it off your chest. Call us up right now is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This Is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with near is Blessed.


Call up next (800) 585-1051. Not just me, I'm with the coach of Phil. Hello? Who's this? What's up Envy? What's up Chv? What's up Ja? What's up Char? What's Up man? Peace, peace, peace. Jess. I heard you doing the Lord's tent the other day for Pride. Wake up this morning. It is Pride be gay this morning. It is Pride. We don't want no kitty, kitty, cat, cat, kitty, kitty, cat, cat, kitty, kitty cat, cat. Ow. Okay. What the hell does that mean? We don't want no kitty, kitty cat. Cat. It's a fan. That's what all the gay guys be saying. That haw Huh? Is pride. Be gay. Be nice to your gay friends. Sha did you say, did you say have pride to all your gay friends? Sha I don't have to.


I I treat all my friends equally all the time. Y'all my friends, regardless of what Mt is. But Happy pride. But listen, why y'all say Kitty, kitty catt when y don't like kitty kitty catt. That's What they saying. No, kitty, kitty cat. Oh you say no kitty, kitty catt kitty cat. Okay. I don't like that. I don't think y'all have to be prejudiced against the po po just 'cause y'all don't like it. I think that's whack. Wait, Who was being president? The that's Very wacky. Like, like that. That sounds very anti ppo. Just say y'all like bunky say Bunky Bony Bunky say something like that. But I do like boo booy. That's the thing I'm saying. I like boogie say that don't be, you ain't gotta disrespect the P ppo. Like I don don't like that to kitty Cat, cat kitty, kitty, cat, cat. Ow Boogie, boogie. Bunk. Bunk is crazy. Y'all I'd rather hear that And I don't hear y'all say no. Kitty, kitty cat.


Cat. Like that's whack to me. Like y Why y'all dissing the P ppo? Just 'cause y'all don't like it. I I don't think like dissing just saying that we don't want any vagina because we would rather have, you know If I say that, if I say no gay, gay, gay, gay, gay, gay, gay, gay. Y'all be mad now You wouldn't say that. You would say no. No but no but no but And y'all would be mad y'all would call me homophobic and Kind stuff. I mad you don't want No but who gonna be mad at you don't want no butt Charlamagne don't be ppo phobic bro. Nobody mad. Nobody mad. You don't want No but how Do we get here? Happy pride to everybody out there. I like that. I don like that. Don't disrespect the PPO kid. No kid Kit Cat. Cat bye. You know what I'm saying? I come nobody one hear that. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What up Lauren? Good Morning. You gonna to Court today?


Hey Gr I'm still figuring that out. Okay. If I'm going today, tell The truth you're over it. It's okay. Don't go. I'm not over it. I'm just picking and choosing 'cause it's a lot that goes down. It's, it's a lot of Diddy fatigue this week has been kinda whack, you know, last well lastly, you know and once you go from the Cassie's and the kid Cuddy. Yeah, you know what Emini here, the bigger, It's still interest. They said bigger knife fight yesterday, The bigger Emini here. But all these stories we've heard, it's just Emini here. I've Never heard Cassie and Diddy and a knife fight. Yes. And then he hung the allegedly and then he hung the best friend on the balcony or the friend on the balcony yesterday. The girl who testified was the friend on the balcony. Damn. So these are stories we heard, but now they're bringing the people in themselves to speak to it. So that's Emini here. I don It feels like it's, well at least to me just watching it feels like it's been a week, week for the prosecution.


But I don't see the defense, you know, doing anything strong either. I think because the, the Emini here, the defense, they do, they cross, they they do what they do. But you know, after this they're waiting to present their case. The government has already said that they're gonna arrest their case early. So I think got, if I'm, if I'm the defense right now, I'm just ramping up my case and Al already outlets have begin to talk more about who the defense will bring on as witnesses versus a a little bit less about what's happening besides like basic recaps Stuff. Yeah. But like Charlotte said, you don't wanna be fatigued 'cause you're a juror out there and you might get to the point where you're just tired of hearing the same old stuff over and over and over again. So I don't know why this is my first time going actually into the court, even though I've like reported on other cases. But I think it's just a thing of they wanna any, 'cause sometimes the, the bigger witnesses will mention these stories, but they don't fill in small context details.


Yeah. And then the actual person themselves comes in and fills in things like, you know, that we maybe didn't know or like little small details. So I they just wanna make sure again it's, they have no, there's no doubt whatsoever in your drawer What you got in the latest because I know it's that bad. Yeah. In the latest we are gonna be talking about, unfortunately we're gonna be talking about DDG and Halle Bailey again because DDG is asking a judge to stop her from taking their son outta the country because he's saying she's emotionally unstable, suicidal, and a danger to their son's safety. Allegedly. Did you see the Stuff you, you going, you gonna talk about the text messages or whatever, Right? Yes. Yep. We got the docs. It took me a little minute to get to them, but I got the docs. So we have the text messages and a bunch of different things that DDG has put into his filing to try and, you know, prove what he's claiming, but also to, it Looks so crazy like yeah, we'll get to that next.


It don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy, Jess, Hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight fat, she gets them from somebody that knows somebody well, she gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything And she be having the latest on Lord the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes You have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, it's the latest On The Breakfast Club. Talk to me. Okay, so DDG is asking a judge to stop Hailey Bailey from taking their son Halo out of the country for work because he says she's emotionally unstable, suicidal, and is a danger to their son's safety into others safety.


So D-D-D-D-D-G submitted these docs in response to some things that in response to her request to go out of the country and in response to some of the things that she had filed previously, he says that there are several instances that show all of these things that span over several years. So there's a bunch of text messages that he included in this doc, like a ton of photos of alle alleged like bruises he received from their physical altercations and different conversations that they had, but of the most alarming that he alleges in the dock. He says that on March 21st, 2024, Hailey sent a ton of text messages to him. She was threatening, allegedly she was allegedly threatening to kill herself and suggesting that their son might be harmed as well.


He says during this time she was actually driving a car and he alleges that he was so scared for her safety because she had done or alleged and said she would do things like this to herself. Before that he actually called her godmother because he was worried that their child would be in danger and that she was in danger because of the, the emotional state that she was in while driving. There's also an incident that he talks about August, 2023. They got into an argument of some sort and after the argument he alleges that Hailey took his legal gun and left their home and he got scared again for her safety. And he called his mom and his mother's fiance because he couldn't find her. So he says that his mom came, found her, they found her outside of the home, allegedly still holding the gun and she was emotionally unwell and incoherent and potentially suicidal then.


And then there is an additional time March 22nd that he alleges in Atlanta. He says that this was the first time that Hailey threatened to harm herself with a knife of Hailey. She was texting and calling him repeatedly. And I do have some of the screenshots from the documents. So in one text she's texting him and she's, you know, if, if the, if this is her, these alleged checks, she's saying it's all his fault. She's saying, you know, cry about it later. And this is after she would have threatened to harm herself and and not live anymore. And that's a repeated cycle in these texts that he's included and he's responding and saying, why do you want me to sit on the phone and listen to you yell at me all day? You do this to me every day. And she says, I beg for your help.


You know, I don't have anyone. I'm actively suicidal and struggling. You know, I've been running to the doctor every day for help and you still play in my face. I won't make it to my birthday because of you. So this is just an example of some of the type of texts. I can't hear myself, some of the type of texts that were included in this document. Now Hailey has responded her name and she's,


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your attentions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bow and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Over the past six years of making my True Crime podcast, Helen Gone. I've learned one thing, no town is too small for murder. I'm Catherine Townsend. I've received hundreds of messages from people across the country begging for help with unsolved murders. I was Calling about the murder of my husband. It's a cold case. They have never found her and it haunts me to this day. The murderer is still out There every week on hell and gone murder line. I dig into a new case, bringing the skills I've learned as a journalist and private investigator to ask the questions no one else is asking. Police really didn't care to even try. She was still somebody's mother, she was still somebody's daughter who is still somebody's sister. There's so many questions that we've never gotten any kind of answers for. If you have a case you'd like me to look into, call the Helen Gone murder line at 6 7 8 7 4 4 6 1 4 5. Listen to Heen Gone murder line on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


She responded. Halle. Halle, sorry. Yeah, I can't hear Halle. I can't hear. I feel you. Headphones Not up. Yeah, my headphones up. Back up. Charlamagne was having the same problem this morning. It's, it's here. Just Turn them Up. First of all, it was up. It was the thing. It wasn't all the way in. I'm sorry, Jess, what were you saying Halle? No, it's okay. It's okay. Halle. Yes, Halle. So Halle and my grandmother's, my great-grandmother's name. Holly. Okay, so Halle has responded and in her response she basically is saying that it's ironic that he's just now waiting to respond. She's saying that she should be granted permission because she has to go on work, she has to make money for her child. And she also did directly address the mental health things. And she says that she alleges that DDG is exaggerating, lying and misconstruing facts for the court.


Not only to make their history relationship of their relationship look crazy, but to make her parenting and her mental health look, look away as well. She says there's no doubt that I was emotionally devastated in 2022 and in 2023 by his behavior and ongoing abuse that she alleges. I have been very vocal about my anxiety, depression, and previous thoughts of suicide without waving the rights of her therapist and her privilege. She says she has reached out to her doctor to receive treatments and to address these issues. And she also says that if given a chance, like if a judge takes this to court, she'll take the stand and talk about all these things. And she has nothing to hide. But it's unfair that he's right now requesting to, for her to not be able to take the child outta the country. And the reason why he's saying that he doesn't want the child to go outta the country is number one.


Of course, you know, all the mental health stuff that he's alleging is harmful. But he is also saying that if the, if baby halo goes outta the country and you know, God forbid something were to happen, like she goes into a mental state allegedly, or she's threatening to harm the baby. Yep. They're out of the court's jurisdiction. So there's nothing that he can do to intervene and it could take weeks, days, or whatever before he could. So, so imagine struggling with all those issues and Jess, you can speak to this Emini here. Postpartum depression is real as well. Absolutely it is. You don't know, like you don't know what your days are gonna be like. You wake up, you said you're constantly said and all you want is a break from the baby. And thank God that I did have breaks. But like, it seems like even in those messages, you know what Emini here, like she's asking him, begging him practically like, like, yo, I'm I need you, I need you to help me.


You know what Emini here, all you gotta, all you can do is be there for somebody with post postpartum depression. Yeah. As, as a man. And I, you know, as a man and, and father for the most important thing you can do after your lady has a baby is help. You gotta help with childcare, you gotta help with errands, meal prep. And if you gotta go get professional help, go do that too. You just gotta create an environ and a support. Yeah. But that's what I think that he's saying. And he's saying if, if this happens while she's overseas taping who's there to help or who's there to, you know, help with the kids, but Oh, she has that Though. Yeah. But, but that, that's what he's saying and that, you Know. Yeah. And he's saying he, like on the, But in the messages with the, the messages reflect that she said, you know, I have nobody. Right. You know what I'm saying?


So it's like, you know, it is. And then, and then Lauren, let me ask you this. Did he post these or did or you able to find these? Is this public record Is you post? So I actually was not able to find it publicly on the, the pacer outlet that I go on. Right. I had to, I had to do other things to be able to get my hands on the docks. So I'm not for sure TMZ broke the store exclusively. I'm not, And I don't not, 'cause I don't work there anymore. So I don't know how these outlets, 'cause the text messages were in the actual doc. So if you Got the doc, but did he posted the note? Right? That's what I'm asking. No, I didn't see that he posted it. No. And also too, he did go, he, he did get on a stream after and he said in the beginning of stream, like, we are gonna have positivity here. We're going to like, he, he wasn't really directly trying to speak to it.


But Emini here, when you include stuff like this in documents, whether it's, I, I can't answer the question a hundred percent if it's publicly available or not, wasn't available to me. But it's here so any outlet can grab it and now it circulate. And I really hate that. I, I hate the fact that a couple can go through something and they have these documents and these text messages that are private. He's out there, but they're doing it, you know, for their own, you know, situation. Their own custody battle. But anybody can grab 'em and now people can put 'em out and use 'em against him. I hate that so much that is between, between those two couples that she stayed between those two couples. It ain't nobody's business. She shouldn't have to feel embarrassed and the court, he shouldn't have to feel embarrassed. They are working it out as a a couple that's Separating. Especially if you're trying to heal privately. Correct. You gotta heal privately. I hate but live out loud publicly.


Yeah, that's, I wouldn't wish that on. No. I hate, I hate the fact that people could gather Docs. Yeah. This could send Hailey right back into depression. You know what, Emini here because to have to be embarrassed about this. It's crazy Emini here. I get he, he can be embarrassed about it, but she can be very embarrassed about it. It's something that she experienced. It's a court case. Yeah. He, he should be, they should be able to discuss the court case and things, intimate things in their court case, but it should never hit the pub. I hate the fact that it hits the public knowledge like that. Yeah. Well And just keep in mind folks, it's a lot of emotional and mental responsibility that comes with having them babies. Okay. So think about that when you pop in that PPO for a goon, okay? Know when you got that penis out, raw unprotected s ticking it in, put it in them, shot up in them.


Deadly inno Pop in the PP for a goon. I ain't never heard that one. Okay. I like that one. And I amm like that's a bar goon. I'm about to pop it for goon. All better. Stop. You find out Crystal goon, he might get deported. You know how that goes. You know how they do. Wow. Alright. That Is the latest with Lauren. Now when we come back we got front page news and then from the Real Housewives of Atlanta, drew Sadra will be joining us. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are checking out The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news.


So quick sports tonight the Pacers take on OKC game one of the NBA finals at 8:30 PM Eastern Time. I say OKC in five Charlo. You got a prediction? No, but I think OKC gonna win the series. Yeah, I think Emini here. You know, IIII don't like the, I don't, I can't sleep on a team like Indiana. No. Like, you know, so I, I don't know. I would say OKC and six, maybe five, but I just know they gonna win the series. I don't know what it's gonna be in. Alright, What up Morgan? Alright y'all, let's get back into it. So President Trump has signed a proclamation banning travel to and from 12 countries citing security risk. Now, multiple reports say the proclamation fully restricts and limits the entry of nationals from 12 countries.


The president elaborated on the ban from the Oval Office yesterday. Let's take a listen to his comments. The Recent terror attack in Boulder, Colorado has underscored the extreme dangers posed to our country by the entry of foreign nationals who are not properly vetted as well as those who come here as temporary visitors and overstay their visas. We don't want 'em. So the president went on to blame, but we don't want 'em. The president went on to blame former President Biden citing open border policies for various attacks that have occurred over the course of time. Now when it comes to the travel ban, the list includes Haiti, Iran, Somalia, Sudan, and others.


People from seven countries will have partial restrictions including Cuba and Venezuela. Now Trump reportedly was back and forth on the decision, but it also comes as Sunday's anti-Semitic attack in Boulder, Colorado. Put some things in quicker motion. In other news, secretary of Education, Linda McMahon testified before the House Committee on Education and Labor about her agency's budget and priorities. When she revealed that she wasn't too informed about the Tulsa Race massacre or who Ruby Bridges was, let's take a listen to her exchange between Pennsylvania Representative Summer Lee and the Secretary of Education Education. Let me repeat Linda McMahon, let's take a listen. Do you know what the Tulsa Race massacre is?


I'd Like to look into it more and get back to you on it. Okay. So I look forward to that. How about the book Through my Eyes about Ruby Bridges, for instance? I haven't read that. Have You learned about Ruby Bridges? If you have specific examples you'd like to, that was A specific Example. I, I'll be very happy. It was an incredibly specific example. I named the Specific questions And I will look into it and get back to you. Thank You. So early this week you had the head of FEMA who didn't know that America had a hurricane season. Now you got the Secretary of Education who don't seem to have an education Man. Okay. So Representative Lee definitely slammed the Trump administration's anti DEI agenda and compared it to the Jim Crow era. For those who don't know, Ru Bridges is a prominent figure in the Civil rights movement, known mostly for being the first African American child to desegregate schools.


And the Tulsa race massacre, also known as the Tulsa Race riot, was a horrific act of racial violence that occurred in Tulsa, Oklahoma between May 31st and June 1st, 1921 where white mobs attacked residents homes and businesses. I'm talking about thriving businesses in the predominantly black Greenwood neighborhood, also known as Black Wall Street. Yeah, they was hating. And in my last story, one of former President Biden's Press secretary is, is she's revealing that she has ditched the Democratic party and is now independent. Karine Jean Pierre made the revelation with her new book, independent A Look Inside, a Broken White House Outside the Party Lines.


That book is set to be released this fall. Jean Pierre described her book about the time in about her time in Biden's White House. Let's take a listen. This book, independent, it's, it's about looking outside of boxes, not just always being in a partisan stance. And how do we move forward together in a compassionate way? I think we need to stop thinking in boxes and think outside of our boxes and not be so partisan. So the publisher says, Jean Pierre will take readers through the three weeks that led to Biden's abandoning his bid for a second term and the betrayal by the Democratic Party that led to his decision.


Now Jean Pierre, of course, served as White House Press secretary under the Biden administration from May, 2022 until the end of his presidency in January. Independent will hit shelves on October 21st. Any thoughts on Jean Pierre? Yes. Switching parties. Let's discuss. Well, she didn't switch parties. She's an independent now. Right? So, And I, I respect her being independent because I feel like if you black in this country, you shouldn't be loyal to any party. You should only be voting your interests. You should only be voting for politicians who are implementing legislation and policies for your communities and your people. And if you ask me, none of these parties have done enough for us to be screaming. We Republican are Democrats so independent is the way to go. But when it comes to her in particular, I'm probably gonna read the book, but nobody wants to hear from anyone who got up there and lied for the Biden administration.


It's like a lot of these folks are having to come to Jesus moment way too late. They should have been talking like this two or three years ago. And she had a very interesting quote in her press release. The quote was, we need to be willing to exercise the ability to think creatively and plan strategically. We need to be clear-eyed in questioning rather than blindly loyal and obedient as we may have been in the past. And that right there is the problem with Democrats support us, especially back black ones just blindly loyal and obedient for no damn reason. I got a a follow up question regarding that quote. Do you think that that is, that she's a, in terms of her loyalty, do you think that she's saying that she's being loyal to Biden as the president or loyal to the office as being a, you know, press secretary for the White House.


Is there a difference in being loyal to the White House in the office or being loyal to President Biden As a person? Can't be, you can't be loyal to either when being loyal to them would be a detriment to your country. And based off the condition that President Joe Biden was in and she was somebody that was around him all the time, I feel like it was their duty to tell the American people what was going on. And they didn't, even though we all had eyes and we all had his and we saw it for ourself, but they were the ones that were up close and personal with him all the time. And they all were in on the conspiracy to hide his physical and mental condition from America. And that's why they lost the election. Well one of the many reasons why they lost the election.


Clock it brother. Tell 'em why you mad. Alright y'all, so that's your front page news. Y'all could follow me on socials at Morgan Media. M-O-R-G-Y-N-M-E-D-I-A. And for more news coverage follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@binews.com. Y'all have a great day. Thank you. You too. Now when we come back, drew Sdoa will be joining us. You know her from the cast of the Real Housewives of Atlanta and we'll kick it with her. Next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Everybody is DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Laura The Roses here as well. And we got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. You know her from Real Housewives of Atlanta.


Ladies and gentlemen. Drew, welcome. I'm Snap. Nice. Good morning y'all. How You feeling Drew? How are you? I feel I'm good. I'm good. I actually have been in New York for a couple days, so the city's been showing me love. I'm not tired. I'm, I'm awake. You are? I'm here with y'all. Yes. How's energy? How's your energy? My Energy is better. You know, I've been going through a lot, but I feel like where y'all have seen me for the past, what, two years, I'm definitely in a more healed place. Yeah, sure. When did you get to that place? Honestly, working on my album was like my therapy. So I think that just being able to get all of those emotions out and just do something productive and, and put it all on paper and leave it there. That was a big part of, you know, my healing journey for People.


For break it down for people that don't know what, what y'all talking about. 'cause a lot of people might not watch The Housewives of Atlanta. Yeah. Okay. So she was on Housewives of Atlanta. You recently got a divorce, a separation. Well it's Not official yet. A separation. It's still going through, through the process, which Is a weird separation. 'cause he lives in the basement. Yes. And you live upstairs. Yes. And you're not allowed downstairs. Yes. And he's been there for some time and he's not allowed to come upstairs unless I grant him access. It's just like, I've never heard of this neither. Like, I don't know anybody else that I can say, girl, how did you deal with this? You know? Yeah. I've never heard of this. And I did not know that would ever be something the judge would rule on. So it makes it extra complicated. It's already hard enough. Divorce is already tough enough, but, you know, to run into each other in the driveway. That's weird. You know what Emini here, like, it's, it's a lot. It's, you have no idea.


Well how did it even come to that point that who said that this is how it should be. Like how, because we I've never heard of that. Did exactly. Did he say, I want to live And I wanna remain in the house. And like how did that happen? He was basically like, I'm not leaving. Hmm. Like his attorneys were like, yeah, he's not gonna leave the premises. And so have you seen that movie War of, what is it? World Of Roses, water Roses. Yeah, Thank you. Yeah. Right. It's like that in real life, you know, where it's, it is the asset in the marriage. And so what I've been learning through this process, like, you know, it's love and it's like pure bliss and we built this beautiful family and we're building legacy and then all of a sudden we're going through a divorce and now it's all business. It's like, you know, a negotiation of, so the asset being the house, it's a big deal, you know?


And so I would love to just split everything like, hey, 50 50, keep it simple and we can be done. But he's like, I want everything. I want the house. I want 40% of your business that I've had since 2005. It my company. You know? And he's coming for that. And it's, it's just How did y'all get there though? What started this separation? People assumed it was cheating. People assumed it was so many different things. How did y'all get there? Let's go girl. I lost the show. Like, You get in your bag. I like real housewife bag. I like when you get your real house wide bag Daddy. When you be scrambling and scrambling your real house wide bag. I like that. I'm sorry. Okay. So you, you know everything. So then you watched it, you like explain To people, so what, what Happened? Right. So yeah, a lot.


So we lived in Chicago. I'm from Chicago originally. Born and raised. And we lived there for some time. And it was a lot of women, you know, it was a lot of women. You know, the whole finding things in your phone or Yeah, I got family. Like, it's family. Everybody knows we live here. People seeing you out, sir, at dinner with women. So it was a lot of that. So you went in his phone? I did at one point. How gonna nosy, excuse me at him. Why can't you let him and his women be Wow. C over I need to ask you some questions saying, you know what? At first I thought it was 'cause he just don't watch the show. Then I'm like, oh no, he trying to get her, he be in the ground, Aren't you from South Carolina?


Yes ma'am. Born race Might be cousins. Really? I so, oh, he, Oh, I think he's from down south. Oh yeah. U yeah. Uji right by Mo's corner. Ooh. Ooh. Right by corner. You know, he got a lot of cousins. You remember cousin Courtney on the show? Oh yeah. Think he don't he don't know cousin Courtney. Oh, you see, I don. So wait, so back up. So that was, that was in Chicago, you found out, but then Y moved to Atlanta and you you forgave him? I did. You know, because let me tell you, so my parents were married for 60 years till my dad passed away. So I grew up in a household, you know, where I saw people choose each other every day, fight, makeup. Right. You know, that was just what I saw. So that's what I wanted for myself. So when I got married, it was like, this is what we go through, we're gonna talk about it, communicate and move forward.


So yes, I did forgive him. We moved to Atlanta and he left and went to Tampa for three days. Everyone saw that on national tv. But it was, it was embarrassing. You know what Emini here, like you leave your family and you don't tell us where you went. And it was more so because it was public, you know? Yeah. And, and, and humiliation and embarrassment. And I think that was tough. That was the last straw. That was it for you. Emini here. It was that, and it was just the continuous, you know, continuous behavior of like dealing with other women and then coming on the show. And then there was women saying, oh, they were pregnant. It was a particular woman who reached out and said she was pregnant with this baby. And that was a big, that was a big thing. That was probably one of the biggest straws.


And then it was the disrespect of my mom, you know, of my family. The disrespect of my son, Jojo, my 14-year-old. So it was just very layered. And finally he moved out of the bedroom. So we separated and we were separated at the time. So it was a huge separation. We were trying to repair things, but ultimately it just wasn't able to be repaired. And People thought you cheated at one time. Well that's, that's what he says. You know, it was almost like, oh, she's hanging out and having fun. Oh, this is my moment. You know? And now it flipped to like a victim mentality when that really wasn't what it was. And it was pride month. So they thought it was a girl. Oh, Well they thought that before this month.


Oh yeah. But I I I heard you talk about it on Carlos King. Yeah. And that was my first time actually hearing you explain it the way you did. Yeah. So they, he had alleged that you were dating a woman at the time and that's what you were cheating with. And you said at the time you were going through so much with him that you would've taken attention from a cardboard box. Said that. Please talk about that. Is it Cheating if it's eating? What? What are we eating? What Is the matter with you girl Lord? Just the comic relief of the situation that you need Emini here. You know, I wouldn't, I wouldn't say there was eating, you know, we, we were hanging out. That's, that's still my, my girl to this day. Like, we're still friends.


But I think it was extra sauce placed on it. I will say. Okay. Flirting. Yeah. Like, I'll be honest about that. That little nibble. A a little nibbled on some food. We went to dinner. Oh, okay. We was eating at the dinner table. But all of the extra stuff, Emini here, you have to really watch the show and know who Ralph is. He is very much a narcissist. And that's who I married, that's who I chose to love. But at the end of the day, what happened happened. People have actually witnessed it, the disrespect. So to say, okay, I'm hanging with this woman. And now it's a relationship that just came outta nowhere. There was never any evidence. Where's a receipt? Like, you know, people can say things. Does it make it true? People say things about you, you know, is everything true? Not everything. Not a lot of true.


50%. Well, listen, how do you, how do you balance healing in private when your pain is being monetized on reality tv? Honestly, you know, that time that we did not come right back on the show, I was actually grateful because that was the time I, I took just to self. Like I spent my time alone. You know, I just completely shut down. And I did a lot of praying. And like I said, honestly, people may not have understood why I said Dennis was my angel on earth. But really it was, I was very grateful because it was a blessing at that time to have somewhere to go a lot of times. Like I didn't wanna wake up, up and get out the bed. It's like, ah, you just don't feel productive. Like, ah, overwhelmed. Depression is real. So it was just knowing that I have people supporting me, believing in me and are rooting for me.


And I had to show up, you know, for that. And when I got to the studio, it's like, okay, I made it. You know? And then being able to compile all this, this body of work and, and have a productive outlet. Like I said, it was exactly what I needed to get me to the other side where I am now. We're Still kicking the wit. Drew sra, you know her from the cast of the Real Housewives of Atlanta. Lauren, Looking back, because your project is here, the music is here. But looking back on it, you brought up the, the Dennis Angel on Earth comment and that the people had conversations about that for a while. Ugh. I know. It was crazy. You grimy. Yeah. I'm not gonna lie, you look shady. When, when it first came out, because it came out that you were working with Porsche's. Porsche's Dennis. Yes. Whatever. Dennis is out Here.


Yes. Porsche's Dennis Emini here, I thought is the shock for me. It's the other shock girl. Remember We had the conversation with Porsha about the whole thing. Now this is, And it was assumed it behind Porsche's back without having, without talking to Porsha. Yeah, but that wasn't True. That didn't happen like that. See, there we go. See we gotta talk about it. Gotta clear it out. That's not how it happened. So actually, you know, this is during the time Portia was living her African princess life. She was, you saw it, she was in Dubai. She was in Nigeria. She wasn't checking for her girls. Yeah. You know, I, I was calling her. So on the record, I called Portia a bunch of times to tell her That you were gonna work with Dennis. Yes. Like, why wouldn't I, Dennis had been reaching out for years. Like, come be an ambassador. Fornia let's, you know, it was like, no, no, no.


But because of what I was going through, this is my selfish season. Okay. And the music was good 'cause I was like, Dennis, hot dogs music. Like I was confused like everybody else, right? I was. But when he sent my team, the music, it was like, this is really good. Like I need to do this music. That's how it felt for me. So when I was calling her And I was texting her, I have the receipts, I show 'em at Reunion. I was like, girl, I need to talk to you. Like it's really, really important bunch of tech. She wasn't responding to you girl like at all. Crickets. So when she did come back and we did talk, we were in the studio, Dennis would be talking to her and she's like, send me some songs. She like, oh, this is my favorite song. This is my favorite song.


So I'm like, okay, Portia, you told me he had a conversation. So she's cool. We talked two weeks before we started filming and she was like, yes girl. I know we're going through our divorces. We need to get together. I love the music. I was like, okay. Because you know, I wanted to make sure like we're all family. It's all yes girl. I know. Like it's all good. Let's hang out a week before we film. Oh, sorry I didn't come to your birthday party girl, but let's turn up tonight. You, me and Yandy. Let's go out for drinks. That was the energy. So we go to Mia's birthday party. That's why I was so flabbergasted. I came on To say, he said it was a different story. It was like a light switch. The, it was like, like what? But if you notice when we were asking Me's party, it was like, I'm mad at you because you're working with Dennis. Then it switched to, well you're filming with Dennis.


And then it was like a go naked thing. Hmm. So I was not clear on why she was upset and what the real beef was. But as you've seen the season, I just see, you know, the fans are smart. Like shout out to the fans because they're seeing like, no, you know, we, we kind of catching her up in some lies here. That's not actually how it happened. And it's seeming more like deflection because you can't talk about a certain person. So she chose to talk about me, you know, because she couldn't, and she had said that she couldn't talk about, you feel like She did it for the cameras. The, You need story, but Emini here, you need to have things going on in your personal life. Like, why are, is everything about what I got going on? It's Hard. It's hard to watch sometimes because you don't know if it's real shade, if it's real smoke or if it's just a storyline. No, everything I do is real.


I came on the show in an Achilles rupture boot. Like I came on the show limping. Like that's not how I would wanna come on. I want to come in with my like little batons, you know, and be fabulous and be, And I wanted to show black love and marriage and all the beauty and all that. That's, I didn't wanna show this. So everything that I've shown has just been my real life. I've not ever produced anything or tried to give storyline 'cause like I've been working since I was eight years old. I don't need to put on for cameras. That's not me. Some people may like, that's what some people may do. And I feel like in this situation, instead of Porsha opening up about like her real feelings without talking about that particular person, she didn't need it to, to deflect it and make me her punching bag. I think that was probably the most hurtful part. 'cause like I'm going through a lot too.


Did Y'all have a real conversation? 'cause it, it made you look crazier to the public at first.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Over the past six years of making my True Crime podcast, Helen Gone. I've learned one thing. No town is too small for murder. I'm Catherine Townsend. I've received hundreds of messages from people across the country begging for help with unsolved murders. I was calling about the murder of my husband. It's a cold case. They have never found her and it haunts me to this day. The murderer is still out there Every week on Helen Gone murder line. I dig into a new case, bringing the skills I've learned as a journalist and private investigator to ask the questions. No one else is asking. Police Really didn't care to even try. She was still somebody's mother. She was still somebody's daughter. She was still somebody's sister. There's so many questions that we've never gotten any kind of answers for. If you have a case you'd like me to look into, call the Helen Gone murder line at 6 7 8 7 4 4 6 1 4 5. Listen to Helen Gone Murder line on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


When she got on there and says, you supposed to be my friend, but you working with my ex. And I had no idea. Did y'all have a conversation after that? We did. We had a sit down. It didn't go very well, it didn't go well. Which one are you talking about? Because Granada? No, well the sit down when she walked out when we were drinking tea. Yes, it escalated. Yeah. So it wasn't really like true resolve, but yeah, no, it, it's, it's like Portia is not the person as you have seen that will communicate. You know, she's gonna get up and walk away. She's going to cover with all of this happiness. Like she got it and that's not real. And I just, I think everyone was anticipating her to come back this season and was excited but ultimately she couldn't deliver on the story that we thought we were getting. You know, we thought we were getting Miss Kaia and she couldn't bring that.


Oh, so you don't think Portia's been Delivering this season what You're saying Emini here. That's just what I feel, you know, that's my personal opinion is that this wasn't a real beef. So then what are we talking about? Like let's talk about something real. You get, you know, two women together who are strong, who are bosses in their own right. Have a conversation. We're not gonna agree on everything, but we don't need to make this the whole thing we're talking about for the whole season. Me and Dennis. Yeah. The whole season. Aren't y'all tired about that? That's why I hate reality people. I don tired Hearing about that. That's why I don't lie. I hate reality tv. 'cause they will monetize your trauma for pain. Like what you might be going through with your divorce or what Pia might be going through. It's just like, damn. And then if they can't get that, they just wanna pitch y'all against each other. I don't like it. What's the point of doing it? That's how I feel like we're both going through a divorce.


We could be talking about that. You know what Emini here and really come, everything doesn't have to be like a moment. And I think, you know, you see some girls that come on the show and it's just like, I need a moment. Let me Just say something to go viral or whatever. And it's like, no, just be yourself. And I think that's also how I've been able to be on now for Four Seasons. And that's just what I've learned because it's been a lot of cash shakeups. Like I don't even know how I'm still here because it's been people that are, that were here, been here for a long time and are no longer here. But what I've learned from the OGs that have poured into me is just be yourself. You know? And the story will tell itself. So. So you, I just want another question. So, you know, with her Go Naked headline, I Literally was about to ask, so that's not go naked hair This right now? Yes.


No, this looks good. The hair wearing in the sit down where you saw the bangs. That that that's, I wore it in real time because when you put it through a one two edit, how I made it look, it looked great. But in person y'all saw it, right? That's how that was Go naked there. So are you an ambassador Big for Go Naked? No. No, no. You're not an no. I have a great vendor. She's melted. We're good Her. So you don't like go naked Hair is what you're saying? Emini here. It just didn't work for me per se. When you go to bleach Blondie, it just, it did something that wasn't right. Would you have said that prior to all this dentist stuff? Because I thought you were so it was, it was like a good partnership. It was. And in the Beginning of the season, you said you thought you were doing numbers For Go Naked. I did do numbers, I did do numbers.


Why change? Well, I just believe like as black women, we support each other. Right? If you're my girl, I'm gonna support you. We have a great working relationship. It was fun, you know, it was fun to work with her at that time. And if that's your friend, you're gonna hold your friend down. But it was just, when all of this started to happen, it just became corny to me, you know? So I'm like, okay, well now since we're gonna, you're gonna drag me. Well I'm gonna speak my truth then because the truth is like, I had your back, but if you don't have my back now it's fair game. No, you were saying, all right, let me be honest about this hair. It is. Yeah. Be honest now. Okay. I would rather go naked than to wear that hair again. You, You think the show would still be interesting if, if you and Port weren't beefing or is like tension just part of the paycheck? No, Emini here. I, I came on the show, let me make it clear 'cause I've been an actress since I was literally like in grade school, right?


So I made a decision 'cause I was like, you know what? People know me from this role. They may not like me from this role or that role or that movie or whatever. I felt going through COVID it was just an opportunity to be more vulnerable and let the fans really get to know me and see me as a mother and a wife and a friend and a sister. Like I'm so many other things. And I wanted to show that. And so that was the reason for me joining the show wasn't to do anything but, but just hopefully inspire other people going through what I'm dealing with and connect in that way. So it wasn't to show what is happening. Like that was opposite of what I wanted to represent on this platform. So I have never subscribed to, let's do this for a moment.


You know, let's do this for Storyline. I actually feel like when we used to watch Housewives and when it was nostalgic was because it was a group of women who were really friends and when you saw them fall out, it was because I'm fighting you 'cause I love you And I know you can be better. You can do so much more. So that was where the beefs came and then they were able to resolve and move forward. And I feel like here sometimes they just wanna like kill you off, you know? Yeah. They wanna just like go below the belt. It's like, dang. Yeah. Like do you like me or not? Like what are we building or not? And so that's what I would like to see the show get back to. And I think this season overall it was refreshing. It wasn't dark, you know, as some of the fans have said, like they felt like the show was going dark. So I think we're moving towards a, a more positive place.


We're Still kicking it with Drew Sadra from The Real Housewives of Atlanta. Jess. So you don't see a resolve for you and this girl at all. You want Porsha you don't see at all? No. Because you said you wanna see the show. Get back to, you know what that was what it used to be. Women were able to have their arguments. Yeah. Go through it, talk it out. And then they're cool. You know what, Emini here? Yeah. You don't ever see you and Portia like, you know what, let's just put all the shit behind us because it, it did get crazy. It did. Yeah. But alright, we're women, we both bosses we like. Yeah, you don't see that in certain cases. It's hard to come back from certain things and just putting out falsities that's like damaging to my character to me as a person.


You know, I have kids so I just feel like the line has been crossed one too many times. However, I feel like, you know, if there's an opportunity to have a real conversation and it may not happen on camera, I don't know. Yeah. Emini here. Yeah, Emini here off camera. You know, I'm really big on like resolution. I'm really big on gaining, understanding and like moving forward. So if it is an opportunity that presents itself, I would be open to that. But it hasn't happened and it's, it's a year now, you know. I wanna Ask some questions about you Drew. You've been, you have, you know, you've been in this game since you were a kid. Yeah. How do you think Hollywood's perception of you has changed and how has your own perception of yourself changed? Oh good. Well, you know, I feel like on the side of like the theatrical, you know, TV and film, I'm proud of what I've been able to accomplish.


You know, in my career. Sometimes I don't reflect enough and be like, wow, you know, I've been able to work with some amazing actors and, and some amazing projects and tell some amazing stories. But the game, it's like that's one project that I just feel like the public perceives me in that way And I can't shake it. And it's like, what decade has it been? A decade? Yeah. Emini here. I still see the comments to this day, which is saying, okay, this was obviously something really big and a part of the culture, but I did see a hashtag where it was like hashtag cancel the Dr. Door hate. And I just wanna say, can we do that? Please? At the end of the day, this has gone on too long. Durwin lied to Dror.


Like, do we not all watch the same show? You feel Like they hit carried from there? Oh most definitely. Like I see the comments, I'm like, wow. And I've met people that's like, Ooh, I'm mad at you 'cause you broke up med school. And I'm like, you know, Tia was married, right? Real, you know, pooch like as a whole family. But people were very invested in the show And I just think that's a perception people have of me. You know, despite all the various roles I've played, which is why I did join the show to try to try to change that narrative. And I think for myself, yes, my perception of self is I have so many things I wanna do. I wanna do Broadway, I wanna direct, I produce my first film and continue to open the door for other young talent coming up. And so that's where I'm moving into of my contribution stage in life and wanting to really see others win as well in this business.


I think the thing with the game was right, everybody else had fictional names, but you really went on there as Drew Sador. Like, you, you, why was that? Shout out to Mar Brock. Hillel. Shout out to, we just had a, i I love that woman. You know, actually, so the story behind that is I booked girlfriends, I did an episode of Girlfriends and when I went on set she remembered meeting me, coming to my home. 'cause my sister Allison has been my manager since I was like eight years old. Yeah. And so she came to the house to meet my sister. My sister was a writer on eight Man Rock Martin worked from GloRilla Morris Agency. Yeah. Like, like og right. And so she came to my sister's house to see if she would share her Rolodex. 'cause she was moving to Los Angeles to become a producer.


And she's like, drew, when you were eight you were running around the house talking about I'm gonna be an actress and a singer. She's like, and you really like stuck with it. And so for that reason, let's talk about some bigger things. Wow. So she wrote me in the show, the game. So that's how it came to be. And it was really like an honor. 'cause I'm like, you gotta be like a-list right. To play yourself. So to have the opportunity, I was like, wow. And to showcase my music. I think that was one of the first times that people took notice to me as a actual musical artist. Well you got, I did it to me. Your, your music is out And I, I watched you said that your music was like your healing when you were going through the divorce. 'cause you were in such a dark place. Yeah. What song on your album was like when you hear it now it you get tearful, it takes you there.


It's your favorite. It's two definitely. I did it to me and Love for a Minute with Sierra. Shout out to Sierra Gates. She came and Gate laid like a eight, eight bar. Little situation was in Booth. Feels very, yeah. Sierra Gates. I thought you was talking about Russell Wilson, Sierra. Talking about Sierra Gates. Oh girl. Oh speak it. Lemme find Know Sierra was rapping. She was rapping. That's a lot of people don't know she came in. But it is a very emotional record. And that was the record that actually Dennis And I were in the studio and it was like, like really emotional. He was over there crying about Porsha And I was in there having my moment. But it is, it's an emotional record. But I, I did it to me as very representative of the project. 'cause it's about taking accountability and that's why I love that record because I could sit here and share, you know, with you guys all the things that my ex did right.


That weren't right. But it gets tiring after a while to keep blaming everything on the other person. So for me it's like, no, I played a part, you know, there were things I could've done better if I'm being honest. And so that's what the song is, is saying like look in the mirror. It's not easy to do, you know, but you gotta sometimes look at yourself and say, okay, yeah, I made a mistake here, there And I could've been better and then grow from that. Do You, do you let him know that? I have actually I have, we have had conversations, you know, before we go to court. 'cause when you go to court, that's when everything blows back up. But we've had conversations where we have stated, you know, we understand our differences now. And I can say, well I could've done this better. And he has said it, you know, and apologize in some areas and yeah like we're humans and just being more gentle with ourselves and just forgiving each other doesn't erase everything and every pain that we cause.


But yeah, we can be honest and say, you know, I wasn't perfect. I can say that. And every time I watch your interviews you're breaking down in the interviews every single time. And I'm wondering like why put more stuff out there Like Michael B. Jordan, have you spoke to him since the Carlos King interview? Oh my God, that was a question. Michael Jordan. That was a big, I'm like, Whoa happened with Michael B. Jordan. So in Carlos King's interview, Carlos King asked her, who's one of the most like famous people she's dated. And she mentioned that she used to date Michael B. Jordan back in the day. And that was everywhere. I'm like, whoa. She just be volunteering the info. Well I did ask the question. I am, did you hit I'm No. Whoa. No, no, no, no, no, no. Not even a little bit. He asked me on a date to attend the NAACP awards.


It was probably like this 2000, maybe six when he was like still on the soap operas. Okay. And I met his mom and stuff. It was cool. We went out a couple days. No, there was no like intimacy on the record. But still he was very, very sweet guy. Very, very sweet. And he's been super successful. But yeah, that's my truth. And it happened. It's yours to tell it. You know. This is my last question. With all the healing that you've gotten right and what you know now, if you could go back and whisper something to yourself during the hardest moment of your marriage, what would you say? The hardest part of my marriage. I think Ralph moving out of the bedroom, you know that it felt like abandonment.


You know what Emini here, it's different to like go sleep separately and just, but him making the decision to move out when instead of fighting because people don't stay married forever without waking up every day and choosing each other. So when the person wakes up and doesn't choose you. Mm. Yeah. Mm. All right. Well we appreciate you for joining us. It is Drew Sadra. Yes. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Absolutely. We gotta get Porsha in the studio 'cause Drew do records. What was the other young lady that was up here? Shamar. Shamar. Shamia Shamia. We gotta get Porsha in the studio man to do a Record or she going, she going back to music again. She Did she done music before? You remember that video? No, I gotta show it to you. She, I have no problem watching the Porsha video. Pull that up. Red. Oh my.


Somebody pull. I ain't never see it. Yeah, we gotta see it. I'll show it to you on the break. Well let's get, let's get to the latest with Laura. Lauren become a straight face. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. Well she gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything And she be having the latest on the latest when Lauren la sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What's the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk to me. Well, speaking of Portia, Portia Williams and Nene. Leaks may be rekindling, the girls might be getting back together. So Portia was on her YouTube channel and she was taking fan questions and they asked her about Nene, let's take a listen.


Portia said that she would be open to reconciling this With you. This One Would you reconcile with Nene? Listen, I, life is short. That's what I say. Life is short this year A lot of the cast and me personally have had a lot of loss and in my family. And so life is short. And so the the right situation, the right conversation can absolutely be had. I don't think there's anything there is this completely to the point to where, you know, there couldn't be a conversation. Yes. Now that yes that's a step in the right direction. But then Nene Leaks was on her show than Nene Leak's show. And she was asked about Portia's comments and you know her response.


Let's take a listen to that. Portia said that she would be open to reconciling with you. Well of course you would sweetheart, because I never did to you in the first place. When I said what I said about Portia, I said again, what happened. Happened. Yes. Like I'm not one of those people who just walk around in my everyday life just lying about stuff. Yeah. Like it just don't work for me. I said what? I said it was the truth. Said what you said it really happened. She was going through a divorce with Simon And I think she said something like, I didn't check on her. She did say that or something like that. Girl, this ain't your first divorce. Maybe I could have checked on her. Jesus. I honestly didn't even think about it like that. Somebody that maybe missed it once or twice to get 'em a little grace. Yeah. Who knows what they were going through that day.


Yeah. I don't have a problem with reconciling with Portia, but I'm gonna tell about herself first. Honey. So when do you wanna have drinks so we can fix this Boy Sha nothing wrong with that at all. It's not like they 50 in Ja Rule. They feel like they can smooth that on. Exactly. And for those of you guys who do not remember, they had fell out when Portia was going through her divorce with Simon and she said that Nene didn't check in on her little sis. And Nene had said that Portia didn't wanna film with her at one point. And you know, she alleged that, you know, Portia just was distancing, distancing herself. And she tried to reach out to Portia and Portia responded with the cold shoulder not wanting to deal with her anymore. So they, they've been rocky since then and they, they've thrown their little blows. But good to hear that.


But I would love to know if Portia is open to sitting down and having those drinks like immediately and if she's gonna push for ne need to be back on the show. But These ladies were really never, never friends. Right. Emini here, you know what Emini here, they, the show put 'em together and, and now they're quote unquote best friends. That's not true. They do you think Portia and Shamar, but Those, those are Shamia. Shamia. Do you think she's sitting down with Drew? No Push is not sitting down with Drew no time soon. Especially at the interview we just had with Drew and Shamia made it seem like they were a force fit. But o other than those two, they're not really friend Friends. No. Nini made me think though, are all divorces different? 'cause she said that this ain't your first time being divorced. So if you are like let's say you friends with Kim Kardashian, right? Kim Kardashian's been divorced like what, four times? Yeah. So she gets married again and gets divorced again.


Do you check on her? It is, it is, it is kind of a point, right? Like at this point you've been through this Before. You've been down this road already. Yeah. Do you? I don't know. Are all the divorce different? I've never been divorced. I don, I don, I don't, I don't wanna know. I don Emini here. I Say so. Yeah, Probably so depending on the circumstances and stuff like that. And these Oh I was gonna say the No, it's my a segment. I'm gonna talk, Talk, speak up. Thank you. We don't wanna hear nothing from Lauren about relationships. We haven't gone in The World in a while. Nothing has changed. I Just say that's the reason I was like, I Was going to say as an avid housewife watcher. Oh, okay. Okay. Yeah, because you don't even know Mia's name so you should, okay. Okay. As an avid housewife watcher, we've watched the different divorces And I think this one, even though they're all public, it was a really big deal because it came outta nowhere.


She was all happy and the next day it was just over. But again, That affected John to deport 'em, right? Emini here. Yeah, But Got 'em. She Stepped away before that. And I, Simon. Oh I like damn. That is supporting all types of people on that show. What is that Real Housewives of? Oh my God. Well Porsha call us. Let me know if this reunion is happening or not. 'cause yeah, we need to know what's going on. But moving on. Speaking of the girls getting together, gorilla has announced a release date for her sample of Keisha Cole's love. She says that's my type of n word is gonna be coming this Friday. And then she already has a Prese tomorrow Pre. Yeah, tomorrow Friday. The pre save link is already in her bio.


And this is the song that she's been kind of teasing since Coachella at the Drop Gorilla be going big, don't miss you Hear me? Wow. Okay. Flash Sniffer with the shot. Okay. Shoot. And Keisha Cole singing That. Yo Gotti Singing. Singing a sample. I, She's Simple Love. I think those are her vocals over it. I Don't know. Doesn't sounded like Keisha. Keisha. Was it Gro singing? That sounded like Keisha. Come hear it Again. This is slow Down. They just, yeah, they just changed the pitch. Yeah, Changed the pitch. Oh, chopped and Screw. Alright, what else she got? I was gonna Just say that Keisha Cole actually told us exclusively here that that was going down when she came here to talk to us. That she cleared it. Yep. She, she told us that she cleared it.


Oh yeah. Yes. So now we will see that Friday. I am looking forward to it. That's it for the hours. Alright, well we'll see you next hour. Hmm. What? We gotta be quiet. Did you find out that the clips were, were never signed in Def Jam did You Money? It's a new day. God has granted another 24 hours. We gonna focus. Okay, let's make the show. Alright. She say get off my D You know I did. I Though I remember was, I remember I collected and gathered myself. I didn't know they was texting you a lot after the, I didn't get a text. I didn't All right Cap. You know what I'm saying? All right, well Donkey the day Lauren Is a trusted source and people trust her.


Yes. Sources trust her. Yes. In order to be a trusted source, sources must trust you. I Know that ate you up. Say that again. Everywhere please come wipe down that mic. Yes, gimme a donkey too, man. Linda McMahon, the second education secretary needs to come to the front of the congregation. We'd like to have a war with her. Please. Alright, we'll get to that next. And also just fix my mess. If you need relationship problems, if, if you need some advice, you can call Jess right now. (800) 585-1051. Jess, fix my mess. It's coming up in a little bit. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, you are checking out The Breakfast Club. This is a miracle. There Is no question that there are problems in this country between police and community.


Yes you are a donkey. The latest on that police killing of a black man. Now to new developments in the Deadly Spa shooting Rampage. Man, yesterday was a really bad day for him and this is what he did. And so we are in a state of emergency. Okay? White supremacist violence is, it always has been the number one threat to our society. But I'm also very proud that my wife is white. The Breakfast Club Bitches. Alright, Charlene, please tell me why was I your Donkey of the Day? Well, donkey of the Day for Thursday, June 5th goes to Education Secretary Lindon McMahon. Yes. Linda McMahon. Former CEO of WWE is the United States Secretary of Education.


What is this? Secretary of Education? Well the secretary is responsible for the overall direction, supervision and coordination of all activities of the Department of Education. And she is the principal advisor to the president on federal policies, programs, and activities related to education in America. Now, what qualifications does Linda McMahon have to be in this role? Some would say that her qualifications are thinner than my hairline. Okay. She has had two years on Connecticut State Board of Education, many years on the board of Trustees of Sacred Heart University and Fairfield, and two years as chief of the US Small Business Administration. And she's run two unsuccessful campaigns for US senator. And during that campaign she proved that she didn't know much about government.


So when she got the role of Secretary of Education, plenty people knew she wouldn't be mistaken for a great educator. So what ended up getting her the job as education secretary? Well, her one main qualification was she was caked up. Oh, she had that brand. She made a lot of money by being the CEO of WWE. She was married to Vince McMahon for 58 years. So you know, having that kind of money got her close to people like Donald Trump. And now Trump is president. So he said, Hey Linda, come run this department that I'm talking about shutting down our dismantling. Now I had to give you a little backstory on Linda so you understand why she's getting donkey of Today. Today. Okay. In a recent senate hearing, Linda McMahon was tasked with defending the Trump Administration's 2026 education budget.


Now keep in mind, like a lot of people in Trump's administration, folks have said Linda is not qualified for the role she is in. Okay. People have said she's outta her death and for ill-informed about the Department of Education, the department she's currently leading. Well, this Senate hearing didn't help. Okay. It was a lot of math mishaps and historical hick hiccups. Would you like to hear it? Let's start with some of the math mishaps first. Secretary McMahon of course testified before the Senate today and Republican senators kind of did their level best to lob her softball questions and make it look like she kind of knows what she's doing. What Was we ranked nationally in math and, and in reading in 1979, We were very, very low on the totem Pole.


We're number one in 1979. Jesus. We were very, very low on the totem pole. Actually we were number one. Very awkward. That's Secretary of Education everyone. Simple question. You were asked where we were ranked in math in 1979. We were number one. That's not hard to understand. Okay. Alright, let's stay on the math. There was a math problem in there, right? Let's listen. We spend $1.858 billion a year on Trio. Yes. That's $1,580 million a year. So my math, right? I think that's right, sir. And how long have we been spending $1,580 million a year on this program.


More than 10 years. Yes. So that's over a trillion dollars. Okay. I understand that. We was not ranked number one in math recently either, but something there seems off right? Don't have to be a mathematician. Maybe there's a Democrat on this committee who can help them out a little bit. I'm secretary and I'm not a great mathematician, but I think you were talking about a trillion dollars. I believe 1.5 billion times 10 is $15 billion. That's a little bit off from a trillion dollars, but I think the, The budget coach 1.2 billion for Trillion. Well, 1.2. That would be $12 billion, not a trillion dollars.


Okay.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DEJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats you can't escape. And your weird cousins latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bose premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic, chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bow and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Over the past six years of making my True Crime podcast, Helen Gone. I've learned one thing. No town is too small for murder. I'm Catherine Townsend. I've received hundreds of messages from people across the country begging for help with unsolved murders. I Was calling about the murder of my husband. It's a cold case. They have never found her and it haunts me to this day. The murderer is still out there Every week on hell and gone murder line. I dig into a new case, bringing the skills I've learned as a journalist and private investigator to ask the questions no one else is asking. Police Really didn't care to even try. She was still somebody's mother. She was still somebody's daughter who is still somebody's sister. There's so many questions that we've never gotten any kind of answers for. If you have a case you'd like me to look into, call the Helen Gone murder line at 6 7 8 7 4 4 6 1 4 5. Listen to he and Gone murder line on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Jesus Christ. Can we do some historical hiccups while we're here? Let's do some historical hiccups. Do you know what the Tulsa Race massacre is? I'd like to look into it more and get back to you on it. Okay, So I look forward to that. How about the book Through My Eyes by Ruby Bridges, for instance. I haven't read that. Have you learned about Ruby Bridges? If you have specific examples you'd like to, that Was a specific Example. I, I'll be very happy. It was an incredibly specific example. I named the specific your questions And I will look into it and get back to you in the thank you Lord have mercy. What about when she was questioned about DEI programs?


That's the Holocaust one. Do you think that Holocaust education in our schools is A DEI program? There's no card for that, that's just yes or no. I can look at it. Whatever card I Holocaust education. Is it A DEI? You can have a press conference to say whatever you want. I just need a quick answer to this. You're Soliloquy Is Holocaust 'cause this is my time. Is Holocaust education A DEI program? No. Is African American Studies A DEI program? I Think I answered that with one of, I'm Asking it again. We Should be just yes or no. We should Be able to teach Courses. My point is they are DEI programs both of them. Because students need diversity, equity, and inclusion to understand their environments.


You're talking outta both sides of your mouth. You can't support one without supporting the other. Now, I'm not the highest grade of weed in the dispensary, but it's safe to say she has no idea what she's talking about. Okay. And she's the Secretary of Education. These aren't isolated incidents. Ladies and Gman. Linda McMahon has previously referred to artificial intelligence as a one. Okay? A one is a delicious steak sauce. Okay? Not ai. All right. And listen, one thing the Trump administration has not done yet in its second term is prove people wrong. Okay? Linda McMahon is not qualified to be Department of Education, but we knew this soon as it was announced. Okay? I don't understand the attack on DEI. The basis, basis of it is people aren't qualified for their jobs.


They're just getting them because of their identity. Hello? What's the difference here? Okay, Linda got this job because she's friends with Donald Trump. If you identify as a loyalist to Trump, you get these kinds of positions. So what I really hate is when people say things like this Senate Hearing is casting doubt on her ability to lead the Department of Education effectively casting doubt. Listen, having Linda McMahon as Secretary of Education, that's like giving DJ academics two bottles of Hennessy and asking him to run a quiet meditation retreat. Okay, Linda, you can't go in front of the Senate and get put in a crippled cross face by basic math.


Okay? Linda can script the undertaker coming back from the dead, but can't script a coherent answer The how numbers work. I'm not saying everybody in government needs to be a genius, but if you're going to run education, you should probably know how to count. And maybe just maybe understand a little bit of America's history. I know that Linda McMahon, being Secretary of Education, is fantastic content for, you know, late night talk show hosts and morning show radio hosts for America. The implications for the nation's education system are no laughing matter. Okay, perhaps it's time to consider whether the role of education secretary should require, at the very least, a firm grasp on elementary math.


Please let Chelsea Handler give the Secretary of Education. Linda McMahon the biggest haw hee-haw. He haw. That is way too much. Den mayonnaise? Mm Mm mm Alright. First it was the head of fema not knowing that America had a hurricane season. Now it was s Linda McMahon not knowing basic math and what should be basic history. That lady was on her as though, like what? What? Oh no, they was eating her up. They was eating her up. Representative Johanna Hayes and Representative Summer Lee. Oh, they was on her head. She tried to hit Him with the, I don't recall. I have to do some research to get back at you. I'm asking again. No, say it again. But they were just proving a point. They were just spiking the football. They ain't know that woman is not qualified to be in that role. They were just proving it in that moment again.


Alright, Well thank you for that donkey today. Up next, Jess. Fix my mess. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. You're having some problems, some issues in your relationship. Call Jess right now is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Ask about me Relationship problems. Ask about me. You need to beat your coworkers ass. Ask about me. Your coworker need to beat your ass. Call it up if Dr. Jess, I'm here to fix your mess. Fix your mess. It's getting very much messy. Let me fix this Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's time for Jess. Fix my mess. Jasmine?


Yes. Hey, what's your question for Jess? Sorry. Oh, hi. I'm calling from Buffalo, New York. I, I'm in number two dudes. I've been with one dude for five years. Little toxic, then I, that was somebody else for six months. And the dude, the dude I've been with for six months, he be treating me like way better than you know, the ex. But I, I'm still like locked in with, with my ex. And it's just, I've been balancing both for the past two weeks And I really don't know what to do. You gotta leave one alone, especially this toxicity Emini here is one, is sex better with one than the other? Yes, the X way better and bigger than the one is short and stumpy, but Emini here, God, Hell, Jesus Christ. If I was being honest, you know, I gotta do extra work with the new one, but damn.


Yeah, but, but it is the toxicity worth the good D Emini here. Like, you gotta choose, you gotta choose the one that Emini here. It's really not because my ex, the reason why me and my ex broke up the last time he sent me a video of him having sex with another girl, like to get me mad. But Ms. Petty, To be honest, he didn't really, Huh? He's a clown. He's a clown for that. That's not, that's You can't do that. Yeah. Yeah. So you gotta leave him alone. Do y'all got kids together? No, no, no, we don't do my thing. You know, I have fun. Get three, four more for the summer Emini here. Clarification. My bad. Yeah, listen, leave them alone. But if you, but listen, if, if, if you like both, if this is the life that you want for yourself, by all means, but you called me so I'm letting you know.


Leave, Leave. I didn't, didn't, you know the, when he sent me that video, you know, some girls that could have got traumatized and what I did was, you know, I you not gonna scare me from that Out. Yeah, I, I got it in full detail. I it from, from first to inch. Like, oh, so this is what you was doing. Lemme get that out. Okay. Because some girls could have cried and, you know, really been down about that. But I turned myself around, turned my friend, I sat down. I Look, I love it. You don't need GMA fixed. You good. Keep Living your life. And I I can't wait to see you at the Helia Club. I love you. I'm gonna see you later on. All right. She Turned To Lemonade.


She should have just replied back. Thank you. Then you, and if you gonna do that, why not get your little threesome thing on, you know? Exactly. Exactly. She seemed to love this. She loved This. What was it? Sex. Send me, what did you say? Sexing me while your man masturbates. And then did he go Uhuh, Uhuh? You know what I'm saying? They the only type of lyrics you quote you with Glee. Like, you quote Gay stuff with glee because it made sense in that context. That's why We have darl on the line. Darl, good morning. Good morning. What's your question for Jess? Take us off Bluetooth for speak if you have us on there. Alright, I'll put you off. My question is, I currently have a girlfriend, but I got two other girls and one of them is pregnant, but they don't know about the main girl.


I'm trying to figure out what to do because the two girls don't like each other. So you messing with But one of Girls one is pregnant. I can't have all three. Listen. Yeah, so you messing with three girls. One is pregnant and the other two and only two of 'em know about each other. Only one of them do. But the two girls that know about each other hate each other. Do you know why? I tried to have a threesome with them, but they got jealous so it didn't work out. Well. Why are you calling here? Why are you, why are you calling me? I was just trying to see what to do. Let them go, leave these women alone you and leave these women alone. But they like me like, I'm not give, I'm not promising them a relationship. So I thought it was cool.


I think Jess wants you to leave her alone too. Yeah, yeah, because you calling me with this and you, they need to be calling me. That, that, that's, that's, I I think that's the problem. They're not calling me. You asking me what you should do. You should release these women. You got one pregnant and you still trying to figure out how to have a threesome with all three. This not threesome with all three. No, I don't want a threesome no more. I'm just trying to see if I should just leave the girl who's pregnant alone or still try to confront her. Like still make her feel good. What do you feel? What do you feel? Are you in love with the one? Is this the one you wanna be with you or you just, or she Pregnant? I don't wanna do her, but I feel bad that like Barry, she's pregnant.


I don't want her to feel like all alone. Damn. I do respect that. You don't want her to feel alone. So you could be around for the pregnancy, but you Yeah, if y'all not gonna be together, just leave her alone after that. Damn. I don't even know what to tell you. This is crazy. This Is crazy. But they all wanna, But you definitely need to be with her while she pregnant. Emini here. She can't do this alone. They just don't want to share me. But they wanna stay without a relationship. I don't know. You gotta call Neo bro. You can't call, call Ne Goodbye sir. I don't know what to tell you. Hello? Who's this? What's up? What's up? This is Lamar. Lamar. What's up? What's your question for Jess? Okay, so my question is, I'm a driver, right? I'm gonna start from there because it's going, it's gonna play a part in everything I'm gonna say.


Okay. I was, I met a guy at a truck stop. We were talking for a little minute and then we, I met somebody else, but then I end up dating this actual person. The next person I met, the, the person that I was, I met at the, the guy that I met at the truck stop. He told me he wanted to still stick around as my friend. Me believing that I, me trying to be fool about it. I, I left it be, so I kept him around as a friend. I decided to not talk to him anymore. He calls my current situation and tells them that I've, we've been him, been messing around the whole time and he just kind of throwing a whole little monkey wrench in, in with my current situation.


So now I'm getting, was it true my current situation? No, it wasn't. I was fighting. No, tell Me the truth. Tell me the truth. No, we weren't, we were just talking. I swear we all right. Okay. I swear because I'm a So I be, I be wanting people to talk to. So he was good to talk to on the phone. Right, right, right on the road. Like just conversation. Passing time. Yeah. Okay. Got ahead. So when my, my current situation hit me, he said, oh, how he know all this. But it's only because I confided to him as a friend. So I don't know how to handle the situation because now he don't believe that I'm saying my current situation. Right, right. But you, but when you got, when you secured a relationship with the current situation, did you tell him about the other guy?


You never told him about it? I did. You did? I did. I I told, I told him about the other guy. I told him that me and him was, was serious. We was going on trips and stuff together and everything. Yeah. So he's watching the post Instagram posting everything. Well, yeah, you gotta cut him off saying, What do I do about this guy? Yeah. Yeah. You gotta cut him off. I do. Because yeah, he's trying to, he's trying to sabotage your relationship with your current situation. Oh yeah. You gotta leave him alone. I don't even know how y'all Got a old dude's number, bro. What? Yeah, he had looked up his, I guess he had did a background Instagram dude address and everything. He didn't even know his name. Oh yeah. Get all, yeah. Yeah. Uhuh. He's a spy.


Gonna be part-time for the CIA type. Yeah. Like Secret Service. Yeah. You gotta leave him alone. Leave him Alone all man. Alright, I appreciate that. I'm gonna do Happy Pride. Thank you. You welcome. Jesus. Just fix my mess. 800. Yo. That one was crazy. Yes, I love that. Go ahead. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got the latest with Lauren coming up, so don't go anywhere. It is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's D-E-J-N-V, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren Becoming the, a straight face.


She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. Well, she gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit About everything And I She be having the latest on the, the latest with Lauren la Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of Everything. Well, what's the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk to me Yesterday, Brandon Haymond, who played ah, Maud in Soul Food, posted a photo of him and Big Mama and the photo went viral. He was celebrating her birthday. She turned 90 years old. What a Blessing. What a blessing. And in the caption of the photo, he mentioned that he's doing a, a, a basically a documentary to get the cast back together.


So in the, in the original movie of Soul Food, you know, the whole thing is, is that Ahad is trying to bring the family back together and for one last Sunday dinner. And that is what he is doing right now. The documentary. I actually spoke to Brandon and he tells me that the documentary is gonna be executive executive produced by Vivica A Fox, George Talman Jr. Who was actually one of the writers and director of the original Soul Food. Or I'm sorry, George Tillman Jr. And Bob Tidal, who is a producer from Soul Food that is also George's partner. And they've been working on this documentary since 2000 or 2023. Irma Hall, big Mama, miss Irma Hall is in the dock. So is Vik a Fox who played Maxine Michael Beach, who played Miles Jeffrey Sams, they have a commitment from the entire cast to be a part of this doc.


So that'd be Nia Long Mackay Pfeiffer. Yes. Vanessa Williams. Yes. Now you was telling me something about the young boy behind the scenes. How come we didn't see him as much as we think we should have? 'cause he was a huge AC actor at the time, right? Yeah. He done Soul food. Men of Society waited into Excel, space Jam and then he kind of like fell off the end of the earth. And a lot of people have been asking for years. Christ, god damn What these are, I I spoke to him. These are his words, not mine. His words not mine. He literally, this is, this is the premise of the documentary. A big part of it is people feel like he just went missing. Right. And they don't know why. And it's because he actually was dealing with a very serious illness. So he has a autoimmune disease. It's a very rare one called Castleman's disease.


Right. So this disease, it affects his lymph nodes and his like upper airways in his chest. And he said that he had tried to still act and 'cause it was going so well for him, he was so good at it. And aging at the time told him that people don't wanna see sick kids on tv. Dang. So he took a step back to just try Yeah. To just try and figure some things out. But he wants this documentary to not only be a celebration of the cast and the movie and what it did for storytelling, especially in Chicago. But he also wants to tell his story too about what he struggled with behind the scenes scenes went through. Yeah. Because he couldn't act. And, and he said also too, that he had a, a few near death experiences that he never could talk about because he always thought if he could get back to screen, he didn't want that to be the story. But now he's, he's bringing it to the screen with the help of his cast and his family from soul food.


So all, all Those re watchable shows when you listen to 'em on podcasts, those re watchable documentaries, they're great. Like the way are they now shows. Incredible. 'cause you remember the nostalgia you felt when you first watched those films back in the day? Yes. Yeah. You know, are those TV shows up? Yeah. That's crazy. They ain't wanna see Sick Kids on tv. We don't mind that. That's everybody's welcome. Well, we wouldn't know they sick unless they told us, right? Yeah. And that was his thing is like he just thought he could get under control and not have to tell us and then come back to tv. But it was such a thing that he, you know, he's been doing other things and just doing things as he can. But right now with this doc, he's actually trying to raise a hundred thousand dollars for the Complete Doc. And if you wanna support, you can follow them at Sunday Dinner Doc. And they are raising the money via Indiegogo.


Okay? Yes. Now, in other news, we have some congratulations to Sin because one of them days is getting a sequel. Now this is the movie with SSA and Kiki Palmer that came from Producer. Producer Issa Rae. Did y'all See it? Yeah. That movie's funny as hell. Yeah. You see it yet? Jess? You'll like it. Jess. Nah, I ain't see it yet. You'll like it. I see it. You'll like It. Yeah, I, it's funny, it's on Netflix and so Variety announced this week that Sony Pictures is going to be bringing it back with Tristar. Now the sequel Will, you know, which was a, the sequel of the Issa Ray produced film is in development already.


And it's gonna be actually using most of the creative team from the original project is set to return with the ca. A lot of the original cast as well too. I can see that world. I can see that world as a sequel. Yeah. Yeah, I can see it too. It's like a Friday. Yeah, it's like a Friday. I heard it was like Friday. I seen it on a plane. Next time you fly out they, they have it on the plane now as well, so you can watch it on the plane. But it's, yeah, it's hilarious. Made a lot of money too. Made over $50 million at the box office. Wow. Yes, it did. A 14 million budget. I think It made $50 million when it premiered in theaters in January, 2025. Dope. And because of this movie, there was a big call for more black women led, like buddy buddy comedies in theaters and like You said, it's like a Friday. Yes. Like a Friday type of flick.


Yes. I love it. Yes. So congratulations to them. And then lastly, in the latest Halle or Halle Berry. Halle Berry got into some trouble back in Mother's Day. Back on Mother's Day. Y'all remember the video she posted with her man? She was laid up to bed. Yep. Okay. So she posted that video and people were upset. They were upset because she was in her bed with her man and they were talking about a few things. Let's take a listen to the original video Show y'all how my day started, how my Mother's Day started. And now I'm gonna tell you about, I'm not gonna show you, I'm gonna tell you about how my Mother's Day is gonna end you. That right me? Yes. I wish you hurry up too.


First of all, we gotta, let's spin because Let's Spin just came out in this cute little travel size. And so since we're in canned France, I travel with it for the first time and we are about to give it a spin. You about to can with Van. How you mad? Because she's there with her man. So I be mad at that. People were upset because she was talking openly about sex. They're saying, should she be talking about this on Mother's Day? Should she be with her kids somewhere? There were a lot of things. She's in bed with her man promoting her Products. Everybody got kids? Yes. Huh. Holly Bryan got kids. That's a good question. I Didn't think kids, I was Gonna ask a Google ai, but she ain't Got no kids. Yeah, I'm not for sure if her guy, if her, her man has kids.


Kids that they kids. Even if so she made a good point in her response. Let's take a listen to her response. Well, speaking of motherhood. Yeah. On Mother's Day, you created a little stir. So there was a reaction. Yeah. Which even cut you a little bit off guard. Maybe it did Because women, other women got in their feelings and was it right for her to be in her bed talking about spinning with her man? Yes. And they were saying, and should she be talking about that on Mother's Day? Shouldn't she be with her kids somewhere? First of all, it's not Kids Day. It's called Mother Day. Yes, it is. Kids' Day. It's every day of the year. Kids' Day. That's my day. And if I wanna be in bed and spin with my man, then that's what I'm gonna do.


And to answer your question, Holly Berry does have kids. She's been a mom since 2008. Per People Magazine. I says She has two kids. Kids. Yes, she has two kids. But yeah, she was promoting her product and she's been promoting this product forever. It didn't come outta nowhere. It's KY Right? Or something like that. Some type of lubricant. It's a lubricant, but it's not it. It's not called Ky Emini here. I know it's not called ky, but it's Lubricant. But yes, it's basically that. And remember we were talking about the whole like menopause and she was talking about after menopause things dry up a little bit and that she's been having these conversations. So it was promotion and she's happy. And I don't understand why people care. So what do people think? She's too grown for that. They think she's too mature for that. What do they think? Holly Berry shouldn't be doing that. Like what is it, I'm trying to figure out what's the commotion here? I think People are stupid. Emini here. She has two kids. This Mother's day, she could do Mother's Day House.


She wants to do Mother's Day. And a lot of times, you know what mothers say, you know what, I spend all my time with my kids. I want a date for myself for Mother's Day. And that's S Finest. I thought that's what kind of like what happens anyway for everybody's Mother. I'm so mad. I didn't know that. That she had kids, Had two kids. I didn't even know that either. We Never seen them. You know what Emini here? Well I can't say we, but I have never seen them. But she has A daughter and a son. Like how She talking about, she talking about sex. Like she bought to go shoot up her ops. She said, I'm gonna spin on it. That's the name of her PR I want. Oh, that's what it's called. It's called, yeah. Oh Emini here. But it is, it is fire though. Hey, I'm gonna go spin on it. It's Called Spin. Spin Let Spin. That's an intimacy gel. Damn. You know what I'm saying? She talking like she got to chop it. She about to wet up a whole block. She is. Okay, let's on.


That is true. That is true. Are crazy. Go for a spin. We spin on that thing. Spin on that thing. Hot tour. What did she say? What Else she got along? She No, that's it. I was just wondering the wrong One. The wrong one. What? That woman said the wrong hot tour girl. Yeah. If, no, I don't got nothing else out that they make one for men. Envy. You know you be saying you need help. I don't need no help. I'm good. Okay. That ain't true. You wrote a book already. That was a long time ago. Book, I trying to say book Didn't Make Hip. That was a long time ago. That was a long time ago. But you wrote About it long time ago. But you wrote about it. My wife 16. That Book is eternal. That book is gonna outlive you. That's A right. That book is gonna out outlive The Tube a hundred years from now.


People gonna be reading that book saying, wow, you know, that was a time that was right. That's right. When men couldn't make women. There was a time back in the day. You know there was a time 10 years. You know, I forget y'all. That's the latest with Lauren. When we come back, we got the People's Choice Mix. Let's go. You are checking out The Breakfast Club. Make Up Bitches. Today is right when your rainbows is gay outside. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It is Pride Month and just reps.


A day. A day. Yes y'all. I'm about to rep my girl. She not a stud, but they wanted me to put my stud voice on. I don't know why, but Candace Parker, y'all, we just had our pair. She was up here for an interview to promote her book. But that's the day I wanna rep today. She's A-W-N-B-A legend two time MVP. And the third time champion, she made history winning in titles with three different teams. So she liked that and she retired now, but she leaves Adidas women's basketball. But this summer the Chicago Sky will retire her iconic number three Jersey. Also week. We repping Candace Parker today, The Luther, Candace, Parker, Luther, Candace, thank you for joining us this week too. Candace, make sure you go pick up her book. The Can Do Mindset available everywhere.


You buy books now. That's Right. And shout to everybody repping pride. We got a salute to Drew SRA for joining us this morning. Yes. Dror And I viral all day. Yeah. Housewives of Atlanta. Yeah. See, I'm gonna watch the show. So she really was saying some stuff in it. Yes. I just like, you know, talking. Yeah, man. She been around for a long time. She gonna stay The pop. Yeah, she has. I'm I'm sure Porsha will call you today. Okay. Yeah, I know. And but Drew music is actually good though. Yeah, I do like her voice. She got some some tight, some tight music. We gonna get, we gonna get capital P in the studio. That's gonna be her recording name. Porsha Capital. Capital P. Capital P. Capital P. Capital P. I get it. You gonna get, I used To say that's what Wendy was built like they used to say that. Capital P. Nah, Wendy, more like a lowercase B upside down.


That's a P, that's a B. That's a P. This guy's idiot. So positive. I just don't like, I just don't like the comparison of Wendy and Porsha. That's all. Okay, I Get it. I get it. I understand. Okay. But listen, I wanna salute the Don Stanley man And I wanna salute to all of y'all that have been showing up and showing out for Don Stanley. She's on the New York Times bestsellers list. Yes. Again this week. But she's actually on two lists. She's on the hardcover nonfiction list and she's on the audio nonfiction list. Dope Salute to my girl Nicole Shelton, man, one of our fearless leaders. Nicole runs, you know, me and Kevin Hart's audio production company, SBH. She directed Don Staley's audio book and it's on the New York Times bestsellers list as well.


So dope Salute to Don Staley. Make sure y'all go out there and pick up Uncommon Favor available everywhere you buy books now. Now the positive notice, simply this success doesn't come from what you do occasionally. It comes from what you do consistently. Okay, have a great day Breakfast Club Bitches. Y'all finished or y'all Done?


If you are not watching BMF on Stars, you are seriously missing out from executive producer Curtis 50 cent Jackson. The new season is coming and Meech and Terry are leveling up. They're expanding their empire, launching a music label, and even hitting the 1995 source awards. Oh, and did I mention Lamar is back. BMF is where drama hustle and hip hop collide. The drama top tier, the stakes higher than ever. This is the season everyone's going to be talking about. Don't miss the season premiere June 6th, only on Stars and The Stars app.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.