
Piece of the planet, Charlemagne Tha Godhead.


And I want you to know from Curtis, 50 cent Jackson and the executive producers of Power comes the explosive new season of the Stars original series Raising Canaan. In the riveting fourth season, slates have seemingly been wiped clean for Canaan Rock and the rest of the Thomas family. However, in the eye of the storm, when very dangerous obstacle looms large, unique is alive. Unique makes a volatile and violent return as he hunched to upend the lives of the time family. Don't miss the season Premier raising Canaan. Watch now only on Stars.


In the Stars app.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today Available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield Technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Hey everybody, it's your favorite play, cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning show. You know, the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So getting a tundra with available I force Max Hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


And Mississippi Yazoo Clay keeps secrets. 7,000 bodies out there or More. A forgotten Asylum. Cemetery. It was my family's mystery. Shame, guilt, propriety. Something keeps it all buried deep until it's not. I'm Laren Campbell and this is Under Yazoo Clay. Listen, on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Good morning. USA Yo Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Jess. Hilarious. Good morning, Charlemagne. The guy. Peace to the Planet is Tuesday.


Good morning. How y'all feel, ADE? I feel blessed black and highly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What's happening? That's right. It's a Tuesday. How you feeling? Just I feel good. Y'all always talking about me coming in here as she, 'cause I be using the lotion when I get in here. But you're doing the same thing. Yeah. I, you're sitting here lotioning down. I know. I usually do it before y'all get here. But I was in the, I didn't even realize skinned people get Ashy. They don't, they look like sugar cookies. That's Crazy. We do get a little ashy Little ash. I ain gonna lie. No sugar cookies ain't good to look like they, that means ain't that bad. Your skin look dry. It ain't that bad. It definitely Is that bad. It ain't bad. Y'all just don't notice. 'cause y'all red and y'all been like that your whole lives it See it. It ain't that bad. Sugar cookies don't know they as you either. It ain't that bad.


How y'all feeling? What you did yesterday, Justin? Anything? I got my nails and my toes and and stuff. But other than that, no. Oh my God. I watched the, the Lovers blind reunion. It came on. How was it? Y'all can't relate. 'cause y'all don't watch that show. No, but that's a good Netflix series. It's, you know when they in the pause and they dating and you gotta propose to somebody before you even see who they are. Yeah, yeah, yeah. After date. A whole proposal. Yes. Like it's, it's the show. It's part of the show. Yeah. We was talking about it up here. Y'all just be tuning out things. Y'all don't listen to Emini here. Y'all don't really watch on tv. But it's these people that go in these pod. Right. And you have to date with the wall in between you and get to know the person emotionally and you know, ask questions about your life and everything you have to date for 10 days.


And they could be ugly. They could be ugly. Physically challenged physically ched. Yes. Yes. And and then you propose to them. And then you meet them. Then the big reveal comes after you propose to them. I bet if it's somebody like you just not attracted to, but you know, they're nice. Yes. You just gotta get 'em. That's, that's what happened last season with Clay and AD or whatever. Right. But ad just got married to somebody else and Clay's sitting on the sideline looking like, oh my gosh, I wish I would've locked that down. Damnit. Yeah. All y'all don't know what I'm talking about. That's a really, really good show. I'm sure plenty of people do. Yes. It's amazing. You know, and you know what I did yesterday, which is, it sounds horrible. My son is 10. I told him how to ride a bike yesterday. That's good. Yeah. But I should have did it like at four or five.


I felt bad about the same thing. No, I, because Chris taught my son how to ride a bike just like last year. Your son is like 17? No, he is not 17. He is 12. He was 11. Okay. So yeah, later Emini here, you know. Yeah. After your son don't play, but Yeah, I know. I felt bad about it too. But Ash is riding through the city now, so it's good. Yeah. He knows how to ride a quad. My son knows how to ride like little, the razor motorcycles. Yeah. He didn't know how to ride a bike because I had to teach him how to ride. Oh. A regular bike. Oh wow. You talking about motorcycle? Yeah. No regular bike like pedal. Like he had no idea. Oh yeah, you definitely, yeah, you did wrong. I thought you meant, you know, like Yeah, one of the dirt bikes. Damn. No, no. He knew how to do that. He didn't know how to ride a bike. Damn. Training wheels attend. Yeah. My girls don't know either. I, I gotta teach them this week, so Damn ain't me.


Yeah. I'm too busy teaching 'em how to drive. That's the problem. All 'em damn calls. Yeah. Alright, well let's get the show cracking. All right. We got front page news. We got a lot to discuss so let's get to it. Morgan will be joining us when we come back, so don't go anywhere. Alright, this is cool. I was gonna say, gimme something, something. I was gonna say wake me up this morning. You scared a little bit. Wake up this morning. Snooze. Yes, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning y'all. Let's get right into it. What's up Morgan? Hey. Yeah, y'all got me turned up this morning. Good morning. Happy Tuesday. How y'all feeling? Evening. Good morning. Emini here. Just hilarious. Black And highly favored. What's Happening? Good, good, good. All right. Well what's happening is not the stock market. Okay. The stock market had its worst starts to the presidential term since 2009. According to Dow Jones market data stocks suffered their weakest first 50 days as a presidency.


Since President Barack Obama's first term, as of Monday, the s and p 500 fell 6.4%. Since President Trump's inauguration on January 20th. The tech heavy NASDAQ fell about 4% with Tesla alphabet and meta among the biggest losers. All three major indexes finished sharply lower during the first 50 days of Trump's first term, the Dow and the NASDAQ rose 6%. But while the s and p gained nearly 5%, so let's see if today can bring better results in the market elsewhere, how GOP members are trying to Hold on and it's all Trump's fault. Don't forget to say that because he said he can't guarantee we won't be in a recession. Well, I'm getting to that. Oh, okay. Yeah. So House GOP members are trying to rally behind a bill that would keep the government open through the summertime house.


Speaker Mike Johnson says they will try to pass it today. Republicans will do do hold a two 18 to two 14 house majority. But so far most seem inclined to pass the measure that would keep the government funding at its current levels through September 30th. Now, house Democrats have spoke out of against the bill saying it will cut Medicare and Medicaid. Let's hear more from house minority leader Hakeem Jeffries, who expects Democrats to vote against this proposed Republican bill. The House Republican so-called spending. Bill does nothing to protect Social security, Medicare and Medicaid. Quite the opposite.


The Republican bill dramatically cuts healthcare, nutritional assistance for children and families and veterans benefits. It is not something we could ever support. First of all, you can't trust all Democrats to vote against Republicans because all Democrats are never on the same page. We saw that last week when 10 of them voted to censor Congressman Al Green. Right? That's true. Alright. Yeah. Well, rep Republicans are expected to bring the bill to the house floor today with GOP Congressman Tommy Thomas Massey of Kentucky already saying he'll vote against it. So there are some Republicans who do not like this particular spending bill.


And without a new spending bill, the federal government would shut down on Friday. So we just have a matter of days for them to go ahead and get this thing passed. In other news, electricity exports from Ontario, Canada to the US are being hit with a surcharge. This is in result to the tariffs that we're gonna hit them with. So Ontario Premier Doug Ford announced a 25% increase. He made that announcement yesterday. He's, he said he urged, well, he urged the US not to escalate this trade war. And he said, like you said, charlamagne, it's all Trump's fault. Let's hear more from Ontario premier Doug Ford. Believe me, when I say I do not wanna do this, I feel terrible for the American people because it's not the American people who started this trade war.


It's one person who's responsible, that's President Trump. I will not hesitate to increase this charge if necessary. If the United States escalates, I will not hesitate to shut the electricity off completely. Jesus. We'll apply maximum pressure to maximize our leverage. Trump gotta stop playing. He gotta stop playing like the, the food I was nervous about. Yeah. But the electric bills, I don't know if you guys have been looking at your electric bills. They're already through the roof now. Yeah. So the fact that they're gonna add a, a, a surcharge and and raise it a certain percentage and could possibly shut it off. I'm nervous now. And that's when you should have been nervous. But that's not what Trump promised on the campaign. No. He promised, you know, low grocery prices, he promised the cost, the low cost of everything and he promised the highest stock market.


But because of him saying he can't guarantee we won't be in a recession, the stock market is down. And because of these tariffs and these trade wars, grocery prices and the cost of everyday living is going continue to go up, Electricity going up is crazy. That is one point. Jesus. Yeah. Yeah, it is. It's scary stuff for real. And you know, what can we do if we just, we're sitting here like, ah, what do we do? What do we, even with the, at one point, what's some things that, that be on the top of the people roofs? The, the energy, Soul Energy. Energy. So that ain't even going help at all Either. No soul energy will help. 'cause that comes from the sun if you already have that installed into your house. Right. But if you don't have that installed into your house, oh, right. So you okay, You gotta get electric. Yeah. Yeah. A lot of people in Maryland do have that though. Yeah. 1.5 million Americans in Michigan, Minnesota, and New York get their electricity from Ontario.


Just to give you guys a little stat, Ford said again, if this, if the US escalates, he will not hesitate to shut the electricity off completely. So that would be very, very impactful. Not to mention, guys, wait, there's more. Don't forget we got those tariffs coming on April 2nd. So, you know, I would Just say buckle down. It is not the time to be flashy and floy at all. You know, hold on to your coins. We, period, It's, we probably headed to every session y'all, but it's been 11 recessions in this country since World War II and 10 have been under Republican presidents. That's what they do. Yeah. All right. So that's your front page news for 6:00 AM at seven. We gonna talk deportation. Yeah, it's a lot. That's a, that's a big conversation right now. Deportation.


And also if you're out in Florida today, I know today is March 11th, of course voting Miramar, they're voting for the commissioner's. Seat number three, salute to our very own Papa Keith. He's running for that seat. Keith Walcott, he does midday for our Miami station and he's running for seat number three. So if you're out there Miramar, make sure you head out and check out Papa Keith. Keith Walcott. He does our afternoon shift. So slu what? I clue bomb with Papa Keith. I don't know nothing about his policies. Good brother though. Yeah. Good. Great brother. So if you're out there, Miramar again, look for Papa Keith and everybody else. Get it off your chest.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open. Again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Get it off your chest. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Keep calling. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's This? Oh My God, I can't believe I don, this is my first time calling. Good morning. What's your name, brother. Good Morning. My name is Randy. I'm from SoCal. I actually, I'm actually calling, I'm an aspiring airline pilot And I was wondering if anybody out there, you know, can mentor me and lead me in the right direction on how to become a pilot and just, you know, gimme words of encouragement.


You gotta give your info. Ain't nobody up here know how to fly. Alright, well you hear me on my, you can hear me on my email at Randy Curry, CURR ie92@gmail.com. Hey, Why not Google or something though? Like, why? There's like, I don't, why'd you decide to call The Breakfast Club? I'm sure there's all types of pilot schools and flying schools that can help you out, bro. Well, Well, yeah. There's schools, schools and stuff, but I'm just looking for, you know, a mentor, you know, an African American that's already in the industry that can, you know, just gimme words of encouragement and keep me on the right path to, you know, trying to fly. Well, spread your wings, my brother. You know what? There, there's a, a brother out of Atlanta that flies who's a, who's a black brother.


Thank you. Envy. Just get, there's a black brother outta Atlanta that really narrows It down. No, no, no, no. I'm, I'm looking for his Instagram. He, he's pretty popular on social media. Hey, envy, before I hang up, I actually wanted to talk to you about your car collection. Oh, What's up brother? I think a while ago you mentioned that you had a mc 20 Maserati. I did. What's under the hood of That? The mc 20? It actually dropped. It was a Maserati. I don't have it. I was the one with the doors opened up. I don't actually own that anymore. I didn't love that car. But Mel, the traveler, Mel, MEL the traveler. He's a brother who, okay, who flies? He's somebody that you should follow and always talks about flying and, and, you know, getting his license and why it's important for minorities to fly.


Mel the traveler. M-E-L-T-H-E, traveler. Awesome. Thank you. Good morning you guys. Good morning. Have A good one, brother. Hello. Who's this? This Is, this is Jay Jones. What's up brother? Get off your chest. How You doing? DJ Envy. Good morning. Good morning, Charlemagne to God. Good morning. Good morning. Just Justin. Hilarious. Good Morning, baby. How you doing? I just wanted to get off my chest. I'm a man at the end of the day And I don't have no problem admitting That means he cheated. He said I'm a man at the end of the day. That means that he cheated. Go ahead, brother. I, I didn't, I didn't cheat physically, but I did. I was inter entertaining other women And I know I'm wrong for that. Where was you entertaining? Another woman at Sir Text.


Oh wow. That's cheating bro. Black men don't cheat, bro. You still a little black boy. You still a little immature young man. How'd you Get caught? She went through my phone, you know, and she found it. And I know it is gonna take some time. If she do take me back and I'm doing, I'll do whatever it takes to get her back. You know what I'm saying? What were you, what Were you saying to the person? It depends on what she found. Yeah. What were you saying? You said what now? What were you saying to the person? I was, I was talking to em. I was saying that I did miss her, you know what I'm saying? She's my friend, but I didn't have no place saying that It was an ex I do. No, it wasn't an ex. It was, it is just a friend that I used to deal with in the past.


I haven't been with no other one. So it's your ex My girl. No, it wasn't my ex. Y'all Just, yeah, that was a friend that you was, that you was smashing. Y'all was smashing at one point. And so that, that makes her not that makes her more than a friend. But she wasn't quite a girlfriend. Yeah. Years ago Though. And you had your girl around this girl saying that she was your friend, huh? I I I can't hear you. I'm sorry You had her around this girl, like y'all just always been friends with y'all was smash. Hell no, I'm not that damn disrespectful. Okay. Okay. Just a little bit disrespectful. Okay. I got you. I feel you. But yeah, you learned from this, I definitely learned my lesson and I'm going from it and I'm, I'm just trying to write my wrongs at the end of the day.


How, how long ago Did it happen? It happened Friday. Real fast. Don't they? It just happened Friday. You from it. It just Tuesday. Hey, hey man. Once you realize, once you realize, so something, something so good that is gone for you, man. You, you, you get, you get along with you, man. You got a long way to go brother's. Just Tuesday. It just happened Friday. Crazy. Do, IM a work in progress, but I'm working brother. But you gotta start somewhere. You right. You right. That's Right. Good luck, brother. Yeah. If you think your white, if you think your woman gonna start trusting you after three days, you bugging, get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club.


Ray, Ray. Ray, Yo, char, man. Envy. What up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. We Can get on the phone right now here, tell you what it is. We, Hello? Who's this? Hi, this is Kim calling downtown Charleston. How you guys doing? Hey, 8, 4 3. What's happening? And this is one of your baby boomers. 8, 4 3. Thank you. Okay. I'm the one of the older heads that love you guys. I love everything you guys do. But listen, I got family in Michigan, okay, look, Canadians are not aggressive. People like that, you know, but, but America needs to be shown a lesson.


And if I was the prime minister, I would, I wouldn't even Michigan will just wake up and have no damn light. That's right. That's just it. What's the other one? Wisconsin will wake up and just, you know what? No light. They voted for him anyway. Listen, my son live in Michigan. He, he'll be all right. He been from down south. He know how to make it without life. Well, he lived through Hurricane Hugo. You know it bro. You know it. Hey Charlamagne, tell 'em now they are. If you can make it through that, you can make it through anything. Right? They don't know nothing, nothing about that. Getting hit by a category five hurricane. We ain't had power for like two months.


They're Not about that. They're not about that. Nope. So turn up, you know what? Because America gotta be shown. And, and, and it ain't just the presidency, it's the people in America. We done got to the point where we done got so biggey and so out of control. Like we just the best and we not, you know, Emini here. We done pumped fake our way through life and through this whole global economy. Turn the damn life out. She not wrong. Listen, America, America's a house of cards. She not wrong. You gotta make 'em. You gotta make, because he even with Ky the other day, and that's why people ain't like how it used to be when we came up, my daddy used to say a man's word is his bond.


His bond. That's right. You ain't got nothing else. You can have all the money in your pocket and can be trusted. That's right. And you can be broke and they ain't got a nickel. But everybody trusts you. That's right. All you got is your balls and your work. Right? You made a deal with the, that thing was Ky was a deal already. Hand shook ain't already dry. Now you playing with this man and his people. And I got a lot of people here saying, oh, well what that got to do with us? You know, I am sorry that you missed a class on foreign policy. I I'm sorry you did. But you need to go back and, and, and reiterate and research.


You know, they give us things too. We get weeks from them. We get a whole lot of things from Ukraine. I do understand why people, I do understand why people here feel like that about geopolitical politics only because it's hard to see past your own bills. Well, I'm sorry, that's a selfishness in us. You know, that's how we, if you listen, if that's the way you've been raised, we'll never have another village ever.


Charlemagne the God here. And I want you to know from Curtis 50 cent Jackson and the executive producers of Power, the hit stars original series, raising Canaan's, coming back the new season of the Family Crime drama continues the origin story of fan favorite Canaan Stark, originally played by 50 cent in the flagship series Power. As he delves further into his evolution from a devoted son into the ruthless villain that fans have known and love from the jump. This is a transformative season for Canaan that you won't wanna miss. Watch the new season of Raising Cane and only on Stars and the Stars app.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent All wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


There's a type of soil in Mississippi called Yazoo Clay. It's thick, burnt orange and it's got a reputation. It's Terrible, terrible Dirt. Yazoo Clay eats everything. So things that get buried there tend to stay buried until they're not. In 2012, construction crews at Mississippi's biggest hospital made a shocking discovery. 7,000 bodies out there or More all former patients of the old state asylum and nobody knew they were there. It was my family's mystery. But in this corner of the south, it's not just the soil that keeps secrets. Nobody Talks about it.


Nobody has any information. When you peel back the layers of Mississippi's, Yazoo, clay, nothing's ever as simple as you think. The story is much more complicated and nuanced than that. I'm Larson Campbell. Listen to Under Yazoo Clay on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Hunter host of Hunting for Answers on the Black Effect podcast network. Join me every weekday as I share bite-sized stories of missing and murdered black women and girls in America. There are several ways we can all do better at protecting black women. My contribution is shining a light on our missing sisters and amplifying their disregarded stories. Stories like Tamika Anderson. As she drove toward Galvez, she was in contact with several people talking on the phone as she made her way to what should have been a routine transaction. But Tamika never bought the car and she never returned home that day. One podcast, one mission, save our girls. Join the searches. We explore the chilling cases of missing and murdered black women and girls. Listen to hunting for answers every weekday on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hmm. 'cause you've got to see past yours. That is true, but it's hard. That's all I'm saying. Thank you. And I love you guys. We love you too. Appreciate you from the 8 43. Hello. Who's this? Yo, what's up? What's up? What up, what up? Who's This? This is the author. MJL. How you guys doing this Morning? What's up? NJL Get it off your chest. Good morning Boy. Lip. Well who? Lemme help. Y'all remember me because y'all acting coolest. Like y'all don't remember me. Good morning everybody. Good morning Jess. What's up baby? Charlamagne envy. Well This is this a stud that we like She ain't stud You. You always talk about stud charlamagne. I'm not a stud. How are you? She actually going to your black effect on Podcast festival.


Yes. Who? This? My third year. This Jordan? No, this is MKL. Who is Jordan? Who is this now? I can't hear her name. What'd she say? M-K-L-M-K-L. How are you Queen? Moist lips. Moist, juicy lip. Okay. Okay. Yes. Okay. I am an author. Yes. And that's my moniker. Okay. Okay. And she got her VIP chicken, right? Good. Yes. I called to get on top of Charlemagne Head first and Jeff Larry's head too. Okay. What? Yes. I called one day And I did a little trick on you. I called Doing Your Death With a Mess. And I told you I had a crush on Charlemagne.


Do you remember me? Yeah, I do remember you. This was last year. Yes you did. Yes. Yes you played. I really, I I was not playing. I really had a mess. I felt like I've been stalking Charlemagne. I've been going to his event every year. Oh, char, Thank you. Can't wait to, can't wait to see you again this shift. Bring your glasses, get you this time. Yeah. Why? Why do I need to bring my glasses? Exactly. She got good visions. She got no good vision. She got good vision. Yeah. Saturday, April 26th. Third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival happening in Hang up on that woman. I'm hanging, happening in Atlanta, Georgia at Pull Me Yards. Who are you looking forward to seeing this year? MK Tank, everybody. Oh yeah. I'm Looking to mk. Hold on, hold on. I'm gonna let you and Charlotte talk behind the scenes.


Hold on. Okay. Yes. The RB Money podcast will be there on that stage. Live tanking j Valentine. And Sarah Jakes Roberts will be there doing her Woman Evolve podcast. So go get your tickets. Black effect.com/podcast festival. Alright, Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We got the latest with Lauren coming up. Yeah, Wendy Williams was admitted to the hospital and knowing Lauren, she probably went down to the hospital and seen she already met her down there. Yeah. So she, she going to escorted her down there. Right. So of course she gonna be here to break it down later. All right, we'll get into that Nexus. The Breakfast Club. Good Month. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess Solaris, Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club.


Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight, she gets from somebody that knows somebody, somebody, Well she gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on Good Lord the latest with Lauren la Sometimes you have facts, sometimes you have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What's the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk To me what we got La So yesterday I broke an exclusive and again, if whenever you're looking for the latest and it's not happening here, follow me at Lauren la on all social media because we broke an exclusive, not I, we broke an exclusive that Wendy Williams after being transported to a hospital, scored a 10 out of 10 on a psych or a competency competency test.


So this test that she took, it was 10 questions she was asked and she answered all 10 questions. Correct. The questions basically just help the person who's asking her these questions be able to determine like, is she able to track like cognitively? Can she have a conversation? Does she know what's going on? Where is her mental state? Is she incapacitated or Not? Exactly. Is she incapacitated or not? So we were told exclusively yesterday that she passed that test with flying colors. Good. Which is a great sign because as you know, like she's trying to get out of the facility where she's living at right now. And that's their biggest issue is like they're trying to claim that she's not able to live outside of the restraints that she's living in right now. Gotcha. Now to backtrack though, why all of this happened? 'cause I think yesterday when people saw, like there was two stories that dropped.


There was a story about an investigation that's happening right now with Wendy Williams conservators. Sabrina Morrisey. And then there was a story about her being taken to a hospital before we were able to update people on what was happening at the hospital. I think people were freaking out. 'cause you hear hospital, Wendy, you're like, what happened? So what happened was G Gina Montero? No. How you say Gina's last name? Gina? No, not Morris Monte. Rosa. Don't gimme a line. My girl. Gina. Gina, My girl Gina. Gina was Roso. Okay. Gina was she, if you guys watch the, the Wendy documentary on Tuby that TMZ did, Gina is in that documentary. So she has been kind of like spearheading the actions that Wendy has taken to try and get herself out of all.


She's the President's godson. She's the president of Connect Care Advisory group. Advisory Group, yes. She's a godson. We had her on The Breakfast Club about, about maybe five years ago. I love her. You know, she, she's helped my family out with a lot of things too as well. Yes. I love her. So this all sparked off because she sent a letter to Adult Protective Services and in that letter she was basically detailing the conditions that live Wendy is living under versus how she thinks she should be living. She also, you know, she called the circumstances very troubling around just her treatment in general. Like not being able to come outside for fresh air, not seeing doctors according to Wendy as much as she wants to. She also talked a lot about just the floor that she's on and, and the confinement and it being a memory unit.


The whole staff approval thing. And she was like, yo, y'all need to get somebody down here because this is concerning. Not only is it concerning for her health, but legally there's no way that, like her rights are not being trampled over in this situation. Right. So after that happened, now NYPD gets involved. So NYPD gets involved or whatever and they're, they, they step in. So now there are two investigations that are happening on the Adult Protective services side and the NYPD side. And they're basically looking into the conservatorship to see yo, okay, is this violent in her rights? And if so, how? Like, what is happening? Should she be in this situation? So I think with, you know, in talking to Gina and in talking to different people that like are very aware of what's happening here.


When you see a photo like this And I printed out a photo from TM Z's video that they have of Wendy yesterday where Wendy was so excited just to see somebody at the bottom of her building with a camera. She started waving and it was like he had a free Wendy sign and he held it up and she started waving. She was just excited to see someone who knew who she was. You gotta start to think like this is a human being. Like why? So then after that police come and there's a video of police removing Wendy from, you know, the, what she calls a luxury prison. Right. And she Was walking. That's what I love about it. She looked good though. She Walked out because usually she's been in the scooter. She looked really good. She was walking and she started Trembling in New York yesterday. It was wind walking down the sidewalk up. It was nice weather outside yesterday too.


It was good for her to be able to get some fresh air. But yeah, so she, they took her to the hospital yesterday and she did that test. And a big part of this, you know, is just getting some ammo so that she has some more backing. 'cause the, on the other side of things, 'cause I had asked like, well why, like, what's happening with the court stuff? We, we talked about lawyers, we talk about the court and they're like, yo, that just can take a minute. So, you know, bringing these additional eyes in right. Gets, can get things going. So that is what happened yesterday with Wendy. She'll be calling into Breakfast club this morning, Wendy Williams will to give us some more updates In about what, 15 minutes? About 10, 15 minutes. She'll be checking in and she'll be telling us everything that's going on and what happened yesterday. Yes. Y'all know the the biggest thing when I'm like just running around or whatever, the biggest thing that people talk to me about from here is Wendy.


Of course. Like people are so connected to her, they wanna know how she's doing. Yeah. They wanna know if this is a real thing. People, people think that this is like not real because it's so extreme. I've never gotten, I don Think it ain't real. There are people that are like Emini here. I think that they know it's real. They just can't believe it. Like, because we know Wendy Williams as like Wendy Williams. So to see her now people are like, how did this happen? But like everybody wants to know what's going on with Wendy. That's What's up though. She passed that test? Yeah, she passed the test. So again, Wendy Williams will be checking in in about 10 minutes will be talking to her. Her And Gina. Gina. Oh Gina, Gina be with her too live on there. We'll be talking about everything that went down yesterday and, and what's going on now and, and what we should expect. And she is calling into the View on Friday as well. Yeah, it's crazy. It's kind of early for Wendy Actually. What you mean?


Because She's, nevermind She got Suzanne though. She's working with her producer Suzanne from the Wendy show. There was like Suzanne Ain't helping her wake up this morning. Yeah, but Emini here she going not this morning for our show but for the View. They've been talking and kind. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. There's been videos coming out on her. Suzanne just like talking and preparing for the view. So I'm excited about that as well too. Alright, Well random observation. Tory Lane's album Slap crazy. You Crazy You weren't here that day we was talking about. No, absolutely it wasn't. But it's tough. The the the album is crazy, crazy. Just like they Star Peterson album. The album that he did before this one? No, no, no. It was another one he dropped. He even dropping albums in jail 'cause he dropped another one. This is his second or third. Eli Is going crazy back here. I'm like happy Lie. Oh he like the Canadian dude Tory album is good.


But don't it sound like he doing Drake karaoke on Some records. He doesn't sound like Drake. I thought Drake was on some of the songs I did. I did. Drake, He sounded like it's like Drake reference track sometimes Eli's having a conniption. Well He, he actually, he Maybe if it's a Wrong thing of different people. Emini here because he sound like the weekend and some of the songs from Day Star Peterson. He, he can morph into anybody. That's, that's something unique about He's very talented. That's What I'm, I don know if it's a Toronto thing or if he's actually just doing me Drake weekend karaoke. But A lot of 'em all sound the same. Yeah. At certain times. Could be an area thing. It might be different songs. Oh, the artists Drake. Yeah, but I know the album is so also he be Sample king anyway. But like he just the production too.


I was like, oh this, it's amazing. This what you doing back there that wasn't on no phone. That, that, that was some equipment that that guy had in jail. Oh I don the cell ran. I don't know that wasn't on the phone though. I said it was over the phone. Don't be singing to no man's equipment in prison is Crazy. Dunno who took that phone. All right. That's the latest with Lauren. When we come back we got front page news and tell a friend to tell a friend Wendy Williams will be checking in in about 10 minutes. All it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are checking out The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get back in some front page news. What's up Morgan? Listen, did you guys know that the Trump administration is launching a new self deportation app for illegal immigrants?


What? You can take yourself out if you know that you hit the party you leave. Really? No, I know somebody that, that happens to actually. So the CBP home app allows those in the US illegally to notify the government about their intent to leave the country. And customs and border protection says this provides illegal immigrants the chance to leave before facing harsher consequences. CBP Home is a repurposing of the CBP one app from the Biden administration that allowed migrants to schedule appointments at the US ports of entry. So that was shut down of course as Trump entered office and all appointments were canceled as of Trump's first day back in office. So the CBP home app again allows those who are in the US illegally to notify the government of their intent to leave the country.


And then once you get there, supposedly reportedly, you know, you can leave without having harsher sentences as long or harsher punishments as long as you are not one of those, you know, super violent offenders. So this brings me to my other, my next story that's relative. A New York federal judge is temporarily blocking efforts by the Trump administration to deport a student leader of recent pro Hamas anti-Israel demonstrations at Columbia University. Now there were demonstrations outside of Columbia University in downtown in Foley Square. Mahmud Khalil, a Syrian born pro-Palestinian activist, was arrested by ice agents at his student housing apartment on Saturday night and is being held in an immigration detention center in Louisiana.


Now Khalil holds a revoked a now revoked permanent green card. So he was on his path to citizenship and a student visa. His supporters say his free speech rights are being violated. This comes as protests of course are ramping up in New York City. Let's hear, let's take a listen to some of those protests that happened yesterday at Columbia Free Ach. Khalil No Universities cannot exist when their leaders do not stand up for the basic values of teaching, learning expression, research, inquiry and debate. Our worst enemy at this moment is the idea that the terrible things that happen during authoritarian dictatorships elsewhere could somehow never happen here.


But they can happen. And indeed we must acknowledge that some of those things are already happening. Yeah. So in a truth post, a truth social post, Trump signaled that this is just the beginning of deportations. He said the administration will not tolerate students who've engaged in pro terrorist, antisemitic anti-American activity. Ice agents also reportedly threatened to arrest Mahmud's wife, who is, who is an American citizen. And she's also eight months pregnant. So Khalil is due in court on Wednesday morning and we will see what comes of that. Also, I wanna let you know that he actually sent a letter to Columbia University president, interim President Katrina Armstrong asking for support and protection. He part of the letter reads, I haven't been able to sleep fearing that ICE or a dangerous individual might come to my home.


I urgently need legal support And I urge you to intervene and provide the necessary protections to prevent further harm. Any thoughts on that guys? Yeah. Emini here. Deporting someone because you don't like what they are protesting are speaking out against is nuts. And if you are a person, you know, who, who believes in people's right to free speech or you believe in your right to free speech and your right to protest, you gotta speak out against this like you have to. So meanwhile, the Department of Education is warning some 60 colleges and universities to protect Jewish students or risk you losing federal funds. So remember yesterday we were talking about what's legal and not in terms of withholding federal funds. Well, as long as the con, as long as Congress approves it, they can withhold these federal funds.


So in a letter sent to schools across the country, the Department of Education said that Civil Rights Act requires students to have uninterrupted access to campus facilities and educational opportunities. Secretary of Education, Linda McMahon noted that pro-Palestinian protests have broken out since the Israel Hamas War started in 2023, calling them relentless anti-Semitic eruptions. And of course, last week Columbia University lost $400 million in federal grants and contracts for what the government is calling continued inaction to protect Jewish students from discrimination. Now, New York Governor Kathy Holle, she has criticized the Trump administration for trying to dismantle the US Department of Education. She spoke at a teacher's union event in Albany, New York yesterday.


And the governor urged parents, teachers, and students to go to rallies and offices and elected and talk to elected officials to fight Trump's efforts to shut down the US Department of Education. Let's hear those comments from New York Governor Kathy Hoal. So We're gonna take it to the streets. We're gonna take it to congressional lovers and make them look in the eyes of our kids and tell them they're gonna go back to Washington. Vote against them. I dare them that they cannot do it. And the more children we see out there, the bigger difference I believe you'll have because how do you say no to a child with disabilities? Kathy don't know the administration we talking about. Huh? They gonna look them kids with disabilities dead in their eye. That's it. Trump might even hit him with the full. Remember when Trump went full T-Rex that one time I was making, making fun of him?


Yes. You forgot about Oh damn, When you said T-Rex. Oh my god. The visual. Okay. Anyways, so the Trump administration officials say the efforts to shut down the department is a part of the overall plan to cut government spending and eliminate and eliminate bureaucratic bloat. You know what's so crazy about this whole doge thing about cutting government spending? But you know, it costs money to change. Black Lives Matter plaza. It costs money to change these, these, these military bases back that costs billions, millions of dollars. So I'm not sure, you know, that we're actually cutting this, you know, we're actually taking this money and it's actually being cut or as opposed to being reallocated is what I'm saying.


So, but I'm not gonna get too much into that. And you know, that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, follow me on social at Morgan Media for new more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@binews.com. Y'all have a great Tuesday. Thank you Morgan. Thank you. Thank you Morgan. All right. When we come back, Wendy Williams will be checking in. That's right. Tell a friend and tell a friend. Wendy will be checking in. All right. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's the EJ NV, just hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club and we got some special guests on the line this morning. We have Wendy Williams and G Tonight.


Hi. Hey. Good morning. Good morning. How you she? Wendy, how you feeling, Gina? Hi. Good Morning. We're doing well. Well good morning, Wendy. GI want to tell people who Gina is. 'cause Gina's name came up yesterday in a, in one of the T MZ articles. Gina is the president of Connect Care Advisory group. And you know, Gina has been, man Gina has been a godsend for Wendy Williams throughout this whole process. Man, I I I wanna salute Gina And I want y'all to walk us through what happened yesterday, please, with Wendy. It was a lot going on. We saw Wendy leaving the facility with all the police. Yep. You know what happened? Well, the police showed up. I'm exhausted, you know what I'm saying? I, I am exhausted and I wanted to go to the hospital to talk to the doctor.


You know, Gina, you can expound upon that a bit. Please. So We were actually trying to figure out how to kind of break through and get some kind of motion into this case. 'cause we were pretty stuck at one point waiting for the lawyers to get through and get some type of trial. So I did two things. I wrote a letter to the Adult Protective Services. Yeah. Explains to them Wendy's situation. She was isolated and we needed an investigation. Yesterday morning, during our morning calls, I told Wendy we will be calling the police. Mm. And we will be speaking to police and we will be telling them that you are isolated.


So, so, and we need some Help. So, so, so two police showed up, you know, where I was, you know, at the Cory. And, and so I was telling them, you know, the same. And, and the next thing you know, there are two more police. So there are four in total. And I was talking with Gina, you know, and saying, go ahead, Gina. Yep. And the police came into the room. Wendy gave me the phone And I pleaded with the police as if Wendy was my child. Please, you need to get her off this floor and listen, she's con she's confined. I, And I told them I am not incapacitated, you know, as I've been accused.


And this floor that I live on is the memory unit. The people who live there don't remember anything unlike me. Like, why am I here? What is going on? It's a cry for help. You know what I'm saying? Charlemagne, you know, I talk to you Austin and a lot. And Gina, go ahead and talk, please. Now, Gina, let me ask you one question. There, there was something yesterday that said that Wendy dropped a note out the window and that's how the police were called. Is that true? Is there any truth to that? No. That's so funny. What? Wendy's talking to me on the phone and she's like, Gina, there's a photographer downstairs. What do I do? Yep. And I'm like, she said, should I write them something? And I'm like, listen, listen. Yes. Write help.


Let me tell you, this happened early in the morning and it just so happens, you know, 'cause all I have, I have a window, a bathroom and a bedroom, you know, to saying, so I'm looking at the window And I see somebody say hi. So I'm like, hi back. And I get on the phone and I'm talking with Gina, you know, and my niece And I asked them this, that and the third. Go ahead, Gina. Yes. It, the no had nothing to do with it. We, Wendy And I actually called the police directly Okay. And convinced the police to come over to do a welfare check and just insisted in pleaded with the officer on the phone that you have to get Wendy outta here. We have a guardian who is telling the whole building and The World Yes.


That she's incapacitated. Yes. And she needs to be on a locked unit. Yes. And I said, please, I said, you cannot walk outta that building without Wendy. And she, she told me, I promise, I I will not. Yeah. I was, I don bring her out. I was shocked to see Wendy walking yesterday. That's what I was telling Wendy yesterday. I'm like, damn, I can't. We seen them went for die of feet. I was like, I I cannot believe, look, Wendy, Lemme tell you something. So the cops, the cops say to me, you know what I'm saying? They say, Wendy, you know, you have to leave the scooter. I said, okay, but just walk with me. Okay. And so they walked with me. So it was like exercise for my feet. Go ahead Gina. Yeah. And so when the officers were there, Wendy started to feel, she had a little bit of anxiety.


And I said, tell them that you need to go to the hospital. And I said, when you you go to the hospital, you're going to ask for an independent medical evaluation. Yes. But the building was giving us a hard time. They first sent a nurse. Yeah. And they're like, oh, Wendy, we'll we'll take care of it. I'll take your vitals. And I Said, no, thank you. No thank you. And I'm on the phone and I'm like, no, we need a medical doctor. Right. Medical. The nurse says, oh, we have a doctor in the building. No, I want an independent doctor That's an and I'm an independent doctor. Yeah. I said, no, she needs to get out. We need to go to a hospital that's not a hospital. Right. We need to get her out of there and she needs to be seen by medical outside of this facility.


And then finally the cops were okay with that. And then the ambulance and Wendy was okay as well. And they called the ambulance Just to clear it up. Just to clear it up. So they didn't want her to leave. They tried to do everything No. To make sure she Didn't need internal. Listen, listen. And then I, I was on the phone. I was on the phone with Gina, and then I'm on the phone with my lawyer. You know what I'm saying? My lawyer was like, oh, okay. And I'm gonna meet you at the hospital. You know what I'm saying? I'm Surprised. Sabr Sabr. I'm surprised Sabrina Morris, he didn't come and jump on the ambulance. No. Please. My, my lawyer Sto was on it Yes. Crush it for you guys. Salami. Yeah, she did. I actually called her, told her that Wendy was going to be admitted into the hospital.


Yes. And she drove from Long Island to the hospital. And she actually stood by Wendy's side because I said, you have to be there and you have to tell the doctors that Wendy's being held captive and The World thinks that she's incapacitated. Right. And they need to do an independent exam. Right. Because the issue here was that Wendy has a guardian. So that guardian is in charge of medical decisions as well. By way. So I told her, by the way Yeah, By the way, at the hospital, they tell me that my guardian was right here and never said hi. And my lawyer could attest to that. You Jose, the guardian person, Sabrina Morrison was in the hospital Yes. And never said anything to me at all.


She Was at the hospital yesterday? Yes. Wow. This is yesterday. Yesterday morning. Yes. Yesterday in the afternoon. I, yeah, she was here. Wow. I didn't see Her. And she never said anything to you. You know, she, did you see the vanity or read the Vanity Fair article? I don't know how you would've read it though, Wendy, but she said that you guys have a really good, oh, hey Wendy. She said that you guys have a really great relationship and that you guys, like, it's very friendly when you see each other. And, and that happens often. But she was at the hospital yesterday and didn't say anything to you. Please, please. She, she, because she's lying about the Vanity Fair. What you mean? She's lying in Vanity Fair? You mean Y Yes. About, about what what was being said according to what she was saying. Gotcha. That she was there with Anyway, the point is, is that then where I am, you know, at that, at that coterie right now, there is another person right there.


Like, if I open the door, there's a person from the Coterie. Wow. It's ridiculous. It is. It's ridiculous. It's very sad. You know what I'm saying? All right, well, we're still talking to Wendy Williams and Gina, Gina is the president of ConnectCare Advisory Group. And we'll talk to them more when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ and DJ Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club on the Rosas here as well. We're still kicking in with Wendy Williams. And Gina. Gina is the president of ConnectCare Advisory Group. Now tell us what happened when you got to the hospital, because there were claims that they did a test and she got 10, outta 10 on the test. So what happened when she actually got to the hospital? Well, when I got to the hospital, you know, immediately, you know, and they're saying, you know, I get checked in.


Right? And then, you know, they, they checked me for the, the heart palpitations and, and they did all kinds of scans. And, and Gina, can you expound upon? Yes. So she arrived at the hospital and the attorney convinced the doctors. So according to what was told, the guardian was there and Wendy's attorney. And I think there was a little back and forth as whether she was gonna allow Wendy the guardian to get evaluated. The doctor saw there was a difference between the guardian's opinion and her lawyer's opinion. And the doctor had to go to his legal department from the hospital to clear to see how he was gonna do it.


He received the clearance for the evaluation, and then Wendy took two evaluations and pretty much they're, they're evaluating whether she has competency and is able to make decisions. And she passed both tests. What Does the 10 10 mean? 10 outta 10, correct. 10 questions asked. 10 questions, correct. Answered correctly. Emini here, they asked me, they asked me simple things like, like, you know, who's the president? You know what I'm saying? What's my birth date like? Anyway. Yeah. I scored Who'd you tell him the president was? Wendy. Oh, please. A Friend of mine, A friend of mine, A friend of mine Who was on the show and also beyond.


I have a question for you guys too. So there are reports that this, this exam that you did, can't be used in moving forward to prove the, like, that you're not incapacitated. Can you clear that up? Or like, explain like, I don't know if I, if I missed that part, like how that can, how this will be used? That's actually false. That's, that's a medical exam done by an independent doctor, by a very well known hospital. You can use that for the court. So what's I don know who said that? What's The next steps? Gina and Wendy telling people what's the next steps? Well, can I tell you something? Can I, can I tell you something? Of course, my lawyer was gonna come to the hospital to see me. Right? And the guardian, from what I understand, gave my lawyer the wrong address.


Oh wow. So it just, well, it just so happens that I know what hospital I'm in. So when I was talking to my lawyer, she said, are you sure? And I said, yes. Why do you say that? And yeah, Because everybody thinks you're incapacitated. So they don't think they know where you at. Correct. They don't think they know where you at. Yeah. You Know what I'm saying? Trying to keep me hiding. Hiding so that, so that they can keep it so that everybody thinks you know them. When You gonna be on the, are you really gonna call into the view this Friday? Gina? Yes, you can. You talk please. We are calling in and having a, a talk with the wonderful ladies on the View. What time is that gonna be? I don't want Wendy calling nobody before.


It's 7:00 AM Oh My gosh. Okay. It comes on at 11:00 AM view, my friend Whoopi Goldberg. Joy Behar. Listen, I've been to The View several times in life. See, it's nice. I enjoy the view Because, because Wendy just woke up by the way. I just want y'all to know that. Okay. Wow. She ain't even brush her teeth yet. They also said in Vanity Fair that the only way that you're able to talk in these interviews is because it's scripted. But you don't even, you didn't know any the stuff that we were asking you today? No. Well, well, you know what? Do you wanna know what my, my, my guardian person says that I don't know how to talk. That everything's scripted, which is untrue. You know what the, the same, the same person who says I am in which I am not.


Excuse me. These are the same people who say, you know, if you say something too much, then I am too, like scripted or, or whatever. It's like saying whatever, like, who doesn't say whatever? I'm sorry. I say whatever. It's, it's, it's all, what do you say? I call it like All Jedi Mind game. Right. She really just wanted The World to believe that Wendy was incapacitated. Right. She had her locked up. Yeah. She gave her a phone where she can't receive calls. And her big mistake was that she didn't realize who Wendy Williams was. That's right. And she has a platform like Breakfast Club and she's very well connected and there are people who are back her up. And I, And I have to tell you, And I have to tell you something, whenever I'm on the radio and I'm talking with you, Charlemagne, whenever I'm talking with you, DJ Envy, whenever I'm talking with you, Orin, whenever I'm talking with you, you know, Gina, you know, s Ocado, Harvey Levin, you know, I Emini here.


You know, just, just my life is so benevolent talking to you people. Really, Those are all our folks, you know, yesterday everybody was like, yo, they can't, they can't wait to see, you know, Wendy back on tv, blah, blah, blah, Emini here. Wendy does have plans once she gets out, but, you know, we'll talk about all that stuff at another date. And I And how long were you at the hospital? How long was she at the hospital? Gina and Wendy. And is she back at the facility or is she still at the hospital? In the hospital? No, no. I I, I'm, I'm still at the hospital. Okay. I'm waiting for my lawyer, you know, who will be here Also. There, there's some things that I cannot talk about regarding the hospital, Gina, do you know what I'm saying?


Yeah. Don't tell nobody where You at. No, we're not gonna tell nobody that. No, no Emini here. At this point, everybody's just trying to figure out what's gonna happen, whether Charlemagne, tha God here. And


I want you to know from Curtis 50 cent Jackson and the executive producers of Power, the Hit Stars original series, raising Canaan is coming back. The new season of the Family Crime Drama continues the origin story of fan favorite. Canaan Start originally played by 50 cent and the flagship series Power. As he delves further into his evolution from a devoted son into the ruthless villain that fans have known and loved from the jump. This is a transformative season for Canaan that you won't wanna miss. Watch the new season of Raising Canaan only on Stars and the Stars app.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple called Play, and a panoramic moon roof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent All Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


There's a type of soil in Mississippi called Yazoo Clay. It's thick, burnt orange, and it's got a reputation. It's Terrible, terrible Dirt. Yazoo Clay eats everything. So things that get buried there tend to stay buried until they're not. In 2012, construction crews at Mississippi's biggest hospital made a shocking discovery. 7,000 bodies out there, or More All former patients of the old state asylum and nobody knew they were there. It was my family's mystery. But in this corner of the south, it's not just the soil that keeps secrets. Nobody Talks about it. Nobody has any information. When you peel back the layers of Mississippi's, Yazoo, clay, nothing's ever as simple as you think. The story is much more complicated and nuanced than that. I'm Laren Campbell. Listen to Under Yazoo Clay on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Hunter host of Hunting for Answers on the Black Effect podcast network. Join me every weekday as I share bite-sized stories of missing and murdered black women and girls in America. There are several ways we can all do better at protecting black women. My contribution is shining a light on our missing sisters and amplifying their disregarded stories. Stories like Tamika Anderson. As she drove toward Galvez, she was in contact with several people talking on the phone as she made her way to what should have been a routine transaction. But Tamika never bought the car and she never returned home that day. One podcast, one mission, save our girls, join the search as we explore the chilling cases of missing and murdered black women and girls. Listen to hunting for answers every weekday on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


She's gonna go back to the luxury prison. Or, but Can I tell you something? Can I tell you something though? Here at the hospital, believe it or not, I've met so many beautiful people, you know what I'm saying? We talk about this and we talk about that. And yes, they know who I am. And believe it or not, yes, they listen to you on radio. They, they, they, they, they, they Emini here, Emini here. It's, it's really, it's really kind of amazing. You know what I'm saying? That, that, that and those people who saw that four part dump regarding the life off time element n lawsuit, you know, the people who saw that four part thing, they, when they look at me here at the hospital, they're like, Wendy, it's so nice to actually see you.


You are so this and so that, and I'm talking about gorgeous stuff, you know, in terms terms of the way we're talking to each other. You know what I'm saying? Well, when I was on the phone with you yesterday, you was kicking mad people out your room. That's all I kept hearing you do. You kept telling me to get the hell out your room. And that's what I said. Oh, that's definitely windy. Listen, I gotta tell you something. My lawyer, my lawyer and the beautiful people at the hospital, they brought me Chipotle. Do you like Chipotle? Love It. Of course, we love Chipotle Course. What? You get a bowl? Let me tell you something, lemme tell you something. Simple things like at the Coterie on that floor, you know what I'm saying? There's nothing like, oh my gosh, I would love steak.


Mm, medium. Well done. Mm, I would love Mm, You forever a big back corn on Top. Ooh. Like, like, come on, my mouth is watering. Well, hopefully you'll be home soon and we can get you all of that good stuff. Oh, Wendy. Wendy, do you know another thing people say? They don't, you don't, you don't say how you're doing enough for people no more. Well, well, how you doing? Am I allowed to say that? Yes. Is that too, is that, is that too As, as the, anyway, Gina Scripted as the guardian would say. Gina. Gina there. There's a lot of talking that me and Charlene do continue to finish talking and then people might start coming in.


All Right. Well, listen, just tell, just wrap it up, Gina. Tell 'em, you know, maybe give us some next steps. Tell people what they can continue to do that, you know, get to the finish Line. Continue supporting Wendy. Continue Just hashtag free. Wendy, we're hoping we can kind of find an alternative plan instead of going back to the luxury prison. I know Wendy wants to give a big shout out to NYPD. Yes. Who came in and just stood their ground and make sure that Wendy was able to walk outta that building. And shout out The help. Shout out. Shout out to yes. Shout out to all the New York police people, please. Thank you. We love you. Wendy. Wait, Real quick gig. Thank you very much. I love you all too. Lauren, What's the timeline on this? Like the investigation and stuff?


Like when, when, how does, how does that work? Because I know there's two now, right? Which investigation? There's one by a PS, adult Protective Services and one by N-Y-N-Y-P-D. So like in the couple days, Days, I Don Protective Services. The, the case is still open. I have the direct line to the worker that wa that will be handling the case. There's a couple of options I put out for a PS and how they should come in here and even come into the court and make a recommendation that the Guardian should be removed, that Wendy should be in a less restricted environment. Adult Protective Services does have that power and I'm urging them that they immediately use that power. Got you. All right. All right, Gina. All right. Wendy G. Wendy Williams, thank you so much.


Thank you guys. Thank you. All right, Pink now. Bye bye-Bye. All. Well, we got the latest with Lauren coming up. What we talking about? Yes. So you remember that Chris Brown tribute that to Michael Jackson? That never happened. People were pissed about it. Yep. We now got some inside information about why it didn't happen. All Right, well we'll get into that next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning Suit. The Wendy Williams and Gina Lisa for calling up. Yeah. To Wendy. You know what, Emini here. Hopefully see, feel like they getting close to the finish line of that situation. Yeah, it does. You know, it does feel like Wendy, Wendy vso. We shall see. Yeah. Are you, are you helping with, with preparing if she does and and living arrangements and all that other stuff. Or Listen, the third annual Black Effect Podcast festival is happening Saturday, April 26th in Atlanta, Georgia at Pullman Yards.


You Lived with her one time. Maybe she should live with you just on this time. Man, that's a grown ass woman. Why would I have a grown ass woman living with me? You Lived with her and you was a grown ass man. I was. Well I was in my twenties, but I was still trying to figure things out. She got her own money. Wendy will be perfectly okay. Didn't do money, but you know, she can live with you. And I Talking about what makes you think Wendy can't take care of herself? That's the whole point of her getting outta the conservatorship. Is she Gonna need a little help at First's? Why You need to hush? Because you be messing things up. You know they listening to you right now. Well, and you'll be in court. DJ Envy said that she's not able to live with herself if she needs to live with somebody. I didn't say that. That's what you're saying. I didn't say that at All. Okay. You crazy. Right? Put the bedroom right down the hall. I'D Third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival.


Atlanta, Georgia, April 26th. Pullman Yards. Decisions, decisions. Louisiana. Mandy is hosting tanking. Jay Valentine will be there with their RB Money podcast. Sarah Jake Roberts will be there with the Women of All podcast. So go get your tickets@blackeffect.com slash podcast Festival. Oh, so Atlanta, this Wednesday and Thursday, your girl Jess, Hilarious will be there at Atlanta Comedy Theater in Norcross. Get your tickets at Jess Hilarious official.com or show clicks.com. So yeah, shows You gonna be Atlanta Wednesday and Thursday, right? Yep. Wednesday and Thursday. I'm actually, I will be down there today, but I got shows tomorrow and Thursday. Two shows tomorrow and then two shows Thursday and I'm doing meet and greet after the late show each night.


So you take A shot, don't stay out too late. You have radio in the Morning. I know. Remember last, remember what happened last time you did a meet and greet. What? Oh yeah. I You got covid. I got Covid. But that was years ago. That was, you know, and that was in Killeen, Texas not on something. Right. I just, that's what she don't do no more. I know I did meet and greet in the Beto and it was, it was cool. Just got high. Yeah, They got a bunch of other viruses out there now. It's a bunch of stuff going around right now. Yeah. What's that? With the Nora virus I think it's called. Or the Nola virus. What is it? Yeah, I thought, I thought it was no Nova Noro. What's called Noro told Me no, something would end. My grandma told me that. That What is that? That's, it's like some, I thought You gonna get worms, you keep messing the old boys.


No, That's what I think Lauren got right now. She literally was telling me, she was like, you might have a virus that is the, It's a virus going around make you Feel sick. The craziest thing is you sitting in This, you might have the virus that make you Sick. Excuse me, I got a baby and you just in this mother Emini here. You know what I'm saying? I don't Fully feel it, but I feel something. I'm going home And I ain't even about what you, why you ain't home. Now we got Zoom and all that type of N your wig around your mouth like A mask. Just do this. Alright, we got the latest coming Up immune system. You look good. I'm feeling sick. God damn. What we talk about when we come back. Oh the Bt, not bt. The Chris Brown tribute. The a a tribute that was canceled. Yes. We finally, well I think, And I'm gonna put the p the puzzle together here that we got some insight on what actually happened with that tribute being canceled and why All we'll get to that next.


It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DEJ NV Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming the Free Face Facts off. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. She gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything And she be having the latest on Beyonce. Latest. Good. The latest with Lauren La. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What's the latest On The Breakfast Club? Talk to me. Alright, so Steven Hill, a lot of people may know him or may not, I'm not for sure. But he was a big force at BET more recently BET.


But like just in everything, I think he's a background of so many great music moments. Music, television and radio moments. He was on the RB Money podcast with Tank and Jay Valentine and they have this segment that they do that's called, I'm not saying no names. And in that segment you have to tell a story or something, but you don't use any names. So people normally get into some things on that part of it. 'cause you don't gotta name anybody. So let's take a listen to what Steven Hill decided to talk about in a Will Connect the Chris Brown Dots here. Let's take a listen. There was a show that myself and other people were working on. We were celebrating an accomplishment. I can't use any names. This is good of an artist. And they had a milestone number to their album. We wanted this artist for it to do this, we had to get a network approval.


Two people we work with directly and two people who were in the clouds. We go to two people we work with and go like, we would like to have this, this person do this thing for this artist. Gets to work right away and makes videos of the progress. And we're blown away. The two people here didn't tell the PE two people here, but the plan was the two people in the stratosphere did not like what was going to go down. We had to pull the offer three months later. I wasn't working at that place anymore. Of all of the experiences I've ever had in my career. The one I am most apologetic to that artist about, you can give a yes, you can give me a no, don't give me a yes and turn it into a no.


Yeah. So he, again, he doesn't say any names, but here's how people in how when I listen to it, I'm like, oh, he's definitely talking about Chris Brown in the 2022 AMAs. Because he mentioned that at the time they were celebrating a artist's like huge music accomplishment that year. This tribute was gonna be a celebration of the 40th anniversary of Thriller thriller Michael Jackson's thriller. Yep. And then Stephen Hill said he wasn't working with BET at the time or any like network. He was working with the third party company that was just working with the show that year. He would've been EP ing the AMAs with Jesse Collins, who produces a lot of our award shows. And so those connected, that connected those dots.


Right now when he talks about, like later on the PO in the podcast, he talks about you can go on YouTube right now and watch those videos that I Watched it last night. And that him practicing Chris Brown and him Chris Brown doing rehearsals. Chris Brown. Oh my gosh. Yeah. Did did you see it Justin? Of Course. Of course. I was there. He been doing those. He been practicing for that his whole life, you Know? Right, right. So he says like, you could still go on YouTube and watch this, this artist and you'll know how on point that tribute would've Been. Oh, it was flawless. And everybody remembers back at the time when Chris Brown had announced that he wasn't gonna be performing anymore at the 2022 AMAs. He did it through posting those videos that Steven Hill is, And I believe Steven Hill was talking about and he caption it with you Serious would've been the A MA performance.


But they canceled me for reasons unknown. There was a statement that came out when this was canceled. A rep for Dick Clark Productions that also works on AMAs says the live shows change all the time. It's the nature of the business. Unfortunately, this element of the AMAs didn't come together. We couldn't align on performances to no fault of Chris Brown. And then there were other reports that just said a reason unknown bs. So everything points to Chris Brown. And Steven Hill also said too, he hasn't seen Chris Brown since all of that. But he would love to run into him and to see him to apologize in person because Chris Brown had, they worked on this performance. Oh, for so long there There's, it Didn't happen overnight. There's nobody who should do any Michael Jackson tributes except for Chris Brown and Miles Frost or anybody who played Michael and MJ the musical.


Yeah. Those the only ones who should be doing Chris Michael Jackson tributes. Who, who did the when? When was Janelle Monnet at when she did, she did the Michael Jackson tribute that she shouldn't have done. That just happened. Grammys. Yeah, I believe. Yeah. No, it was not Michael Jackson that she was doing. Chris Brown needs to do it. Like I've never seen something so flawless. If you get a chance, just Google it. It's like, I think 12 minutes. And they're just going through like some of his biggest records. And when Emini here, Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. I'm telling Chris is the kills it Chris and Miles Frost. Miles Frost. Who did mg The Musical. Those are the two best. Yeah, that was the Grammy too with Jannet when she, she was on a tri thriller. Well, God bless Jan. That should have been Chris Brown. Yes. Well they also, I wanted to pose this question to the room they had asked in conversation.


'cause Steven Hill was a huge Michael Jackson fan. Like they, he talked about like, yeah, Michael Jackson and Prince talked about them like five, six times on the podcast. But he asked a question. He And I thought it was interesting. Who was the best kid singer of all time? They talked about Michael Jackson, they talked about Brandy Teddy Riley. Like they, they talked about a bunch of different people. Kid singer. Yeah. Like child singer. Yes. Of all time that like Michael Jackson, Michael Jackson. Depends what they talking about. I think that, are you talking about vocals? I don't know, but vocal. Are you talking about performing? Probably Michael, Vocal Michael Performance Vocals and all. Michael, I don think some of the Comments, I'm not gonna say that I don know. It's Michael Jackson. If you, if you don't know them, I'll Michael, you don't know. But from, based on from the child singers I've seen Michael Jackson.


Best child performer for sure. I think, I think all of your above and pipes, having them pipes like that when you little, like what? That's what they were talking about. Soul Singing to the best of his ability. Yeah. Crazy. Well that was it. That's, that's all. Hopefully I, Chris, Chris Brown, hopefully when he, maybe when he sees his he'll respond, you know, he posts on his social sometimes. Well


make sure you subscribe to the RB Money podcast with tanking j Valentine on the Black Effect iHeart Radio podcast network. Fantastic conversations they be having over there.


It was great. And I I I hope Chris gets another opportunity to actually do it. And I hope he wants to do it. You know what, Emini here, because he, I feel like this is the, the second or third time they pump faked on him. He Doing it at home all the time. This man, I guarantee you Chris Brown has been doing Michael Jackson tributes at home since the day he was born. Okay. Anytime you call Chris Brown to be on stage to do Michael Jackson, he'll be there. He'll be okay. All right. That's the latest with Lord Charm. Who you giving that Don too Man. Four After the hour, Lord have mercy. Janine, Janine, white of Florida needs to come to the front of the congregation. We would like to have a word with her. Alright, We'll get to that next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. You are checking out The Breakfast Club. It's people in America.


I really got Bronx. It's time for day. We in the Bronx. The craziest people in America come from the Bronx and all The World. He laughed. Why does The Sunshine State consistently produce such strange news If I catch all as he tragedy a wizard. It's just one of the many wacky news stories out of Florida on The Breakfast Club. Who was Kodak talking to when he said that? I don't know. Donkey. Today for Tuesday, March 11th goes to a Florida woman named Gianine White.


What does your uncle Sharla always tell you about the great state of Florida? Say it with me. The craziest people in America come from the Bronx and all of Florida and today is no exception. Now Gianine is a substitute teacher. Growing up we all loved the substitute teacher because the substitute didn't give a damn. Okay? I have no idea what type of life substitute teachers led outside of being substitute teachers. But the ones I grew up with didn't care what we did when they sub for us as long as we was behaving. But Gia n is not one of those teachers. In fact, Gianine cares a little too much and she does a little too much. She took her job a little too seriously. And I will never for the life of me understand why adults think it's perfectly okay to play with other people's kids as if these kids don't have adults that love them.


Okay? Parents that will come put hands on your punk ass. And I'm telling you right now, Gianine believes in violence. So if a parent came through who also believes in violence and wanted to teach Gianine a lesson, she would have every right to do that. Okay? We didn't until you hear the story. Let's go to First Coast News for the report Police an Arrest warrant from February 12th provides a JSO officer's account of what they heard from witnesses. The report says Janine White, a substitute teacher, was frustrated when a student refused to break into small groups. It says, she asked the class quote, who in here can beat him up? After four kids raised their hands, she called on them one by one to fight the student while she watched the report says white pushed the student causing him to hit a desk and police saw a cut and bruises around his ear.


First Coast YMCA said in a statement, the substitute was properly vetted. They did an internal investigation that resulted in terminating the substitute and reporting the incident to DCF. We tried to call white at a number listed in the report. Someone answered but immediately hung up when we said we were with the news. Whiteface is a felony child abuse charge and several misdemeanors. Her name is Janine. Why she add all those letters to to Janine got me saying Gianine. Janine was a substitute at YMCA Tiger Academy in Jacksonville, Florida. SL to everybody who listens to us on 93.3 to beat in Jacksonville, drop on a clue bomb from 93.3 beat. This is why we want substitute teachers to come in and not touch anything.


Instead, Janine comes in and orchestrates a classroom fight club. Okay? 57 years old and she was upset that an elementary school student supposedly ignored a request from her. This report says she wasn't feeling well. I don't care if you don't feel well, stay your ass at home. Don't bring that funky negative energy around those kids. Then you end up projecting that nasty ass attitude on the others. It's all projection. And that projection caused you to line those kids up in a single fo line and beat on some poor little child for no damn reason other than your fragile as ego was bruised, four successive attacks from students. Then Janine, the 57-year-old woman after the, the person got beat up four times, pushed the victim to the ground, causing him to hit his head on the desk.


You can't tell me that this woman Janine shouldn't receive the same treatment. Okay? She should get beat up by four different family members of this young child. And the young child's parent should be pushing her head into a desk. Okay? The other thing I really despise about this story is that in the news report it says Janine dragged the student on the ground by the collar and reported him to school authorities and told school authorities the little boy was in need of behavioral assistance. No ma'am. Nope, nope, nope. You are in need of behavioral assistance. Okay? You need a therapist and a exorcism. This is what happens when the wrong people get hired for the right job. Okay? This is like gang initiation over education. You might as well have been putting this, you might as well have, you know, got this child jumped into a set.


Okay? By the way, Florida, explain to me why you can't read certain books in school. But you can run a classroom fight ring, okay? You can't organize about black history, but you can organize a beat down of a student. You supposed to be giving kids an outline of the syllabus, not an outline of the UFC training manual. Please let Remy ma give Janine White the biggest Hee-haw Heehaw Hee-haw. You stupid mother fucker. Are you dumb? I'm telling you right now, this is why more and more people are homeschooling their kids. 'cause you can't trust your kids around other adults. Mm Damn right. And This's supposed to be a public servant. This's supposed to be a person that comes to this school and you know, is just there for the betterment of the students and think about what she's doing to these kids Wanna play a game.


No, I don't actually, I don't wanna play a game. Why not? Because there's no need. Wow. Her name is Jeanine but she spelled it G-E-A-N-E-N-E All Black. Her last name is white though. Yeah, but with all 'em letters is It was too much. Yeah, it was too much. She Black. She black? Yeah, she's black. Oh, okay. You wanna see how black she is? Yes. Lemme see. Lemme see. Lemme mind you man. I told you she from Florida now. Alright, let me see. Hold on. Be prepared to see what you gonna see now. Okay, hold on now. Alright. Oh, you Oh man. Damn, damn, damn, Damn Florida Evans indeed.


Okay, all right. Right. Alright. She looked like she had beat the hell outta somebody kid. Crazy. Alright. She had these dresses. She was 16 too. They used to be long and thick. That's wow Lord Mercy. Jesus. Alright, well thank you for that donkey today. She really looked like all my life I had to fight, Don't she? All my life I had To. All my life I had to fight. So now that your now your kids gotta fight too. Daddy. Jesus. Jesus. Alright, well thank you for that donkey today. She Probably knew Jesus. What she only 57. He is not that old Girl Emini here, her body age track. But yeah, She definitely, yeah, she definitely, Her body age is 103. Easily. She's stressed. Yeah. Well if she need to leave, go, go do something to deal with that stress.


That's damn kids though. No. Nope. She's taking that stress out on them kids. That's The problem. Damn. Stop. Yeah, stop. That's the putting that in my face, man. What is that? First of all, pause. Well, what is that? What, what, what it was elementary, middle, high. Elementary. Elementary. Oh yes. Little kids. All right, well now let's open up the phone lines. (800) 585-1051. Now, when Jess came in here this morning, she was talking about Love is blind. Yes. I love it. And what happened on Love is Blind because in the topic right here in the, in the notes it says, is it an automatic deal maker if you found out that your partner dealt with someone you knew before meeting you? So what happened on Love Is Blind. So on there it was a couple who ended up, you know, breaking up because the guy in a relationship found out that his fiance had slept with somebody that he knew prior to coming on the show.


Mm. Right. And you know, love is Blind is they can't see what they're dating until, you know, they proposed to them or whatever. But it's a small town, I guess. I don't know where where this one was shot at, but I guess it's a small town and people know, people that know people that know people. And he was, he came to her and he was like, my friends know this person. And they said that you was dealing with this person. You was basically in a relationship with him prior to coming to the show. And he, his problem with it was, he hasn't dated in a long time. And so he felt like, yo, if me and you really take this step and get married, how? I know you still ain't tied the dude. You know what, Emini here. Oh. So is it a deal? And then I know the guy. Got you. So is it a deal breaker if you had sex with my friend beforehand? Yeah, that is the question. And he wasn't even friends. It was just somebody that they mutually know.


Like his friends hang out with the dude. Ah. And he know like he's the friend of a friend, basically. Okay. All right. So yeah, let's open up the phone lines. (800) 585-1051. Is it a deal breaker if you slept with somebody that I know? Is that a deal breaker in a relationship? Let's talk about it. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Pull out your, pull out your phone. Call in right now. Call me. Add your opinion to The Breakfast Club topic. Break it down. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. The Breakfast Club. Daddy calling my phone. Calling phone, man. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're joining us, we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Is it a deal breaker if you find out the person that you're dating had sex with somebody that you know Now this comes outta lovers blind. I don't watch Lovers blind. But you do. Yes I do. Up and down. What happened? So basically the guy who was on the show, he broke up with the girl because prior to coming on the show, she had slept with somebody that he knew and she, he felt like she was in a relationship. She explained to him it wasn't really like that, but yeah, like he just, he he ain't like that. It's too close to home for him. What you think? I felt like he ah, he don't know the dude.


Emini here. Yeah. All right. And then she just smashed him. All right. She wanted a little, little session before she got to the show. What's wrong with that? See? You said it's a small town. That's what you said earlier? Yeah. It's a small town. It's a small place. You don't know, dude, she had a relationship before. People have have had relationships before they got married. People have had relationships before they dated. And I don't see nothing wrong with it. Especially if you don't know the homie, you know of em. Cool. But you don't know. I don I don't see it as a problem. Now I'm not like totally invalidating how he felt. 'cause he felt like, yo, how do you go from smashing yo to now you just ready to walk down the aisle and get married? I get his, his preservations about that Emini here. You know, his reservations about that. But he like started treating her crazy.


He, it was, it was a lot. It was a lot. We were talking about it. I'm about to go into the show and it's not even about the show. This is just really the topic. Right. But yeah, yeah, yeah. So tell me what you think. I don't agree. Sex was somebody you knew. No. Emini here. If you're from the same city, same town, you might be in the same industry. No grow up also, you know, what's the amount of time between when they smashed and when they got married She was alright. So she had a sex, she had sex with the dude a week before she came on the show. So like, I like 30 days later then. Yeah, they, they, well she can fall in love in 30 days, right? Yeah, she can. And then who's to say like, yo, I just wanted some, you know what Emini here ski? Like that was it. I didn't, I don't love dude, I just wanted a that night. Like, that's it.


And she probably don't love you either. She just know it's a show. And that's the premise of the show. And she wanted to win the show. Yo, it's not about who wins. It's not a competition show. It's just literally like a love show. You just figure out trying to, trying to find love. If if love is blind, then love is blind. If it ain't, it ain't for you. You just trying to get famous. If that show, you know what they really need to have on that show? Blind people. All the contestants should actually be blind. Oh, So you really don't see the person that You, you really don't know nothing. It's just all love. You don't know nothing. Well Then, yeah, boom, that's, that's, that's cool too. But nah. Hello? Hello. Who's this? That's not it. What, What's good man? They, they from out of Florida, man. JJ from Florida. What's up? What's your thought? Hey Manchar man. Why you be doing that? Why you be doing Florida like that?


Man, we ain't that crazy That Joe. Why Florida be doing Florida like that? Yeah, But what the word, what the word is though? Y'all talking about the relationship. You know what we talking about? What's your Relationship? That's why We said about Florida, man. Yeah, But I feel like, I feel like you shouldn't deal. Nobody should deal with nobody else partner. It's too many picture to see. Man, it's plenty. It's plenty enough for the next man. Nah, this what we saying. So say if you meet a girl, right? And you start dealing with her and then you find out that she used to deal with somebody that you know now what you do. Well I'm, I'm already kind of have a sense because if I know that person, I'm gonna know who he dealt with. So it's not like it's gonna be a surprise. But if, if it is a surprise, I'm a, I'm a if if we close, I'm gonna be man to man to come to him and ask him how you feel about it.


But if I don't with him, I'm gonna keep pursuing that. I, Yeah, that's the thing. It ain't, it ain't a friend. It is just like say if it's a friend of one of your friends. Oh yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm gonna keep dealing with him. I'm gonna keep


Hey Charlemagne to God here. And I want you to know from Curtis 50 cent Jackson and the executive producers of Power, the hit stars original series Raising Canaan is coming back. The new season of the Family Crime drama continues the origin story of fan favorite Canaan Stark, originally played by 50 cent in the flagship series Power. As he delves further into his evolution from a devoted son into the ruthless villain that fans have known and loved from the jump. This is a transformative season for Canaan that you won't want to miss. Watch the new season of Raising Canaan only on Stars and the Stars app.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


There's a type of soil in Mississippi called Yazoo Clay. It's thick, burnt orange and it's got a reputation. It's Terrible, terrible Dirt. Yazoo Clay eats everything. So things that get buried there tend to stay buried until they're not. In 2012, construction crews at Mississippi's biggest hospital made a shocking discovery. 7,000 bodies out there or More all former patients of the old state asylum and nobody knew they were there. It was my family's mystery. But in this corner of the south, it's not just the soil that keeps secrets. Nobody Talks about it. Nobody has any information. When you peel back the layers of Mississippi's, Yazoo, clay, nothing's ever as simple as you think. The Story is much more complicated and nuanced than that.


I'm Larson Campbell. Listen to Under Yasu Clay on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Hunter host of Hunting for Answers on the Black Effect podcast network. Join me every weekday as I share bite-sized stories of missing and murdered black women and girls in America. There are several ways we can all do better at protecting black women. My contribution is shining a light on our missing sisters and amplifying their disregarded stories. Stories like Tamika Anderson. As she drove toward Galvez, she was in contact with several people talking on the phone as she made her way to what should have been a routine transaction. But Tamika never bought the car and she never returned home that day. One podcast, one mission, save our girls, join the searches, we explore the chilling cases of missing and murdered black women and girls. Listen to hunting for answers every weekday on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Yeah. Alright. Thank you man. We got Janelle on the line. Janelle, good morning. Good Morning. What's your thoughts Janelle? I think it's a deal breaker. Why? Okay. Well I haven't experience where I and a friend knew another person and this other person had an interest in me. So we hooked up but the other person didn't know about it. And so later on someone brought to my attention that they used to hook up before and so I confronted him about it and then he was like, yeah, it was just one time, whatever, whatever. But in the back of my head I'm like, are they still doing it? How did it happen? So honestly, I feel like It's a deal breaker because you're not gonna be able to get past.


It is, it is gonna stress you out. Right. I I I can't do it. Yeah. It's gonna stress me out and then we hang out. We going on like when friend dates Sunday fun days with each other and it's like, what are y'all doing? Like I don't get it. Okay. I don't like it. It's a deal breaker for me. Okay. Thank you Janelle. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We're taking your calls. Is it a deal breaker if somebody you're dating or you're with used to or slept with somebody that you know, you don't have to know him personally, but you know of that is the question. This comes from love is Blind. We'll break it down when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. If y'all talking about it, you know we talking about it.


It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us, we open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. Is it a deal breaker if the person you dating you find out that they are had sex with somebody that you know now this comes out of the show. Love is Blind. Break it down for us. Jess, one of the guys on there who was dating one of the girls, he broke up with her because he found out prior to the show she had slept with somebody that his friends were friends with. Like so he knew the guy. He, he wasn't friends with the guy but she just slept with him.


Wasn't really a big deal to her, but to him it was like he's not gonna be able to get over it. Hello? Who's this? Hi, this is Kira. Hey, good morning. What's your thoughts? So that situation pissed me off so bad because it shouldn't matter like what I did beforehand. I'm here now. Obviously that situation wasn't important enough for me to want stay in it, which is why I'm trying to get married. Right. So what does it matter what I did beforehand? If I'm going into marriage, of course I'm gonna wanna take another one night stand before I have to go. But point is to be in It forever. Wow. Jesus. You saw the show, right? You talking about your own own personal or you you saw the show? No, I saw the Show. Yeah, I thought it was, it was stupid. Like she was sitting there crying. He made It his whole relationship. The whole relationship. But Yeah, he really act like it was a relationship.


No, it was just a a a one night stand. Like she just wanted to smash you. Yo, that's it. But how Would you have to Before You get married? Not Why not? She Just said that like Why Emini here? That's how that stop acting. Like we ain't never heard about No the bachelors doing that at the parties or, or But My point is why you got your person, like what's the point? Like I'm gonna get one last I'ma smash one last chick. She didn't yet. She didn't yet. She didn't know. Yeah. So Shakira, you, you're cool with it, you're cool if you found out your man was, was laying dingling all over the place and then y'all got married 30 days later. Well it was because it wasn't like this. So that's why. And he even like apologized and he found out it wasn't like that and that the guy was just spreading lies anyways. Okay, so would I have To do the bad ended because You had a one night stand?


Yeah. No I wouldn't have. You know the reality is if you grow to love somebody man, you not even gonna care who they used to deal with. Yeah. Especially you're Not Care. Yeah. Hello, who's this? It's Kendra. Hey Kendra. Good morning. What's your thoughts? I feel like it's straight Emini here. There's a difference between friends of friends and then best friends. If it's your best friend, nah but we just friends of friends free game, no white vote. Do it all the time. And then they be at each other's wedding having the time of their life together. That's right. Okay. Well you know if you ever look At like I think that was the best example man, but, but if you look At football players, right? Football players be dating the same girls sometimes. Yeah. They no industry. They post with the rappers all that. Everybody and everybody about 'em when they move on. Yeah.


That's how it go. Everybody recycle these bitches. Man. Dating Is talking about marriage. What it is, Tony, football players NBA players and industry players get married. They don't recycle wives that that is true. They recycle the, they Recycle the girls and they dating. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But, but like I said, if you grow to love somebody, you not gonna care who they used to, who they used to be with. Like you just not right. Ain't it matters if the person and the person are still friends. You know what I'm saying? I guess just somebody you know, don't even matter. I guess I was thinking friends. But if it's just somebody you know, like Who cares? No they, that wasn't his friends. That was somebody that his group of friends knew. Right? And that was it. Well what's the moral of the story? Do what you want. They do what you want. Nah, nah, nah. It is just, yeah Emini here it is different for everybody.


It's different strokes for different folks. Like some people feel like, yo, it, if it was before me and it don't concern me, I don't, I'm not directly in with the person. Like we not friends, we not close friends. Nah, it shouldn't matter. Some people can't get over it. Like the lady said, like I'm just, I'm gonna just want to know how did it happen? Will it ever happen again? In the back of my mind, are they still talking type? You know, some people just don't get over things like that. Some people don't care. I don't think it's no more. You just live by what you want. All right, well we got the ladies with Lauren coming up. So Oak move, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. See I got Lauren in here wearing a mask now.


Damn right. They Told me to put it on you. I didn't know how to take it off. She Was like, should I do the, the break with the mask on? I'm like, no. If You just told us that you have a virus, hell yeah. I don't know what is happening. See Envy Like to come in here sick. He used to make everybody sick. Come here cough and you sick. No. And then everybody be sick the next week I Got six kids. So somebody gets sick, we all get sick. Find this when they do For driving, be Family. No. Mm. That's actually very irresponsible and selfish to you. Yeah, If I wasn't already here by the time I felt it, I would've stayed Home. You said you felt it yesterday though. But I felt better this morning when I woke up. I felt good then I, when I got here, I And I got the car i's like, oh shoot. Well let's get to the ladies with Lauren.


Kick your ass out here. Lauren becoming a straight, She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. Well she gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on the latest with Lauren Osa. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well it's The latest On The Breakfast Club. Talk to me. Okay, so real quick. My girl Doce, I I'm, I'd be bringing her in here every single day if I could. So yesterday it was announced that she is going to be Billboard's 2025 Woman of the Year. Wow. Puts her amongst a lot of great names. Few mention ssa, Taylor Swift, lady Gaga, she'll receive this honor March 19th in LA that will be hosted by Laverne Cox and all of this after, you know she won that Grammy recently for, she was the third woman to win the A Grammy for best rap album.


Now keep all of this in mind because Alligator Bites never healed. Her mix tape dropped August, 2024. Y'all, that's seven months of the takeover of 'cause I think She was well deserved. Yeah, she was ready. Very talented. Yep. You know what, Emini here. So she got the lane and she just ran like she's been going off everything. So I just wanted to congratulate her for that. Drop a clue Bump with Doci. Yes, yes. What Is it? What event is it? It's the billboard woman of the year of it. So I guess they like take time to honor women in music who like made and Laverne Foxx is hosting it. Yes. Okay, Go ahead. Next. What's next? Okay, Booie, what happened? So Does Donald Trump know about this?


Yo judge? Crazy. That's all they can get. I love you. I added that in there. Co-host Just for you. Jesus. Alright, Booey, go. She is a co-host Two. Go ahead, Go ahead. So Booie Booie had an after party yesterday, last night, Monday night in Ohio as it was an after party for the Millennium tour. This after party ended in gunshots. Booie is okay though Booie was not shot, nor was he a part of the incident that caused the gunshots. But there were three people that were injured according to Cleveland 19, which is a local over there in C Cleveland.


The shooting happened a little bit after 2:00 AM during Busey set. So there's a video online right now where you see Busey on stage. She's performing viral. The crowd. Yeah. Seen. And then you just hear the gunshots go off and Booey gets low. Everybody just starts fleeing. Everybody gets low, everybody tries to Busey Security grabbed him. Yeah, that's what he was supposed to do. A hundred percent. A hundred percent. So right now there are reports that the three people that are injured, there is a young men, there's two men that were shot. Yes. So there's a 18-year-old man, a 36-year-old man that were two of the victims at the venue. These two are being reported as the people that were shot. And then a third victim, a 25-year-old man later sought treatment at a hospital for a grave gunshot wound. Yeah. While his injury was less severe, the two other victims are in critical condition as of now.


Dang. The identities of the victims have not been released and they don't have any suspects in custody that I see at this time online. They haven't even identified a suspect yet and nor arrest have been made. So, and Bootsy hasn't spoke out about this yet either. But again, this was a, a after party that he showed up to and performed. So I don I don't, it's nothing that he actually, you know what? Emini here, I wonder know How he had the, the, the club as a 18 or 18-year-old and 36-year-old on a weekday. 'cause usually weekdays is 21 and older. I'm not sure. But I feel like the Millennium Tour crowd kind of spans that age range. Have you ever been to the Millennium Tour? It gets really Young. Really young. It gets really young, but then it also goes to like, like, you know, thirties and all this stuff as well too. So, yeah. So sending some, I don't, I don't know what prayers to those people.


Absolutely. Yes. I don't miss any of that. After parties, after the shows. I know people gotta go get their money, but God damn, you would never expect that from the millennium. Tour though. Why wouldn't you expect that from the Millennium Tour? Emini here. Boo wasn't even told, applies on the Millennium tour. Whole bunch of But Emini here, I guess I'm just thinking of Maria and Bow. Wow. But I guess of a different, yeah, it's a bunch of different People. Yeah, it's a ton of people. Okay, so then lastly, Drake. So Drake is, I guess, warning people about what his new chapter will be. I don, oh God. Not warning. He is not warning. He is so disarmed on that post. He wants people to know. Guys, I'm not even like that. I'm, I'm a lover boy.


I'm just gonna keep making you dance and waving your hands. I'm sick of the threats. I should read it in that voice. Please Read it just Like that. You know, I grew up non-confrontational and always treated this game as a sport where my pin won gold. But these days the podium has been hard for all of us to ignore. I understand that This next chapter may leave my voice left. Judge, you should have did this. I understand that this may chap, this next chapter may leave you feeling uneasy, but I hope you see my honesty as clarity, not charity, Give us some violence. Good Clarity, not charity. Thank the violence ain't coming in. That answers some questions, especially about the unanswered texts you've been sending me. And he has an emoji.


So I don't know if this is like a song situation or this is just how he really feels is talking to somebody. I don't know. But the people took this and ran with it. They trying to decode it because he has photos of like him and one of his homeboys Bacca. And then on Baer's page the caption says loyalty. Then he put in the video of him at the club gambling by himself listening. Sabrina Carpenter's espresso. So people were like, this is Drake saying he's coming back out, fighting on his own, but only the people that were loyal to him. I don't know y'all. This could be a bunch of nothing. And I'm just in here talking. Who Knows? Okay, Drake, all you did was lose a rap battle, man. Like that was all it was. Nobody is handled losing a rap battle worse than Drake. But that's all it was. At the end of the day, it was a rap battle. You still rich people still check up your music.


You are alive, your child is healthy, your friends are healthy, your family's healthy. Who Cares? And he told us, he he, I'm very much alive. Y'all like he said that I said that his bad smoke machine under his Hoodie. Oh my God. But I keep, I keep hearing he's working on his solo rap album, which should be coming out soon, hopefully. Oh cool. I'm, I'm excited to hear that. I feel like he got a lot to talk about. He got a lot to lot To talk About. Absolutely. Charlie, I do like the album that he just dropped. Remember I was saying that we ain't, you know you did, you told me this story. I told you And I told you Noia was the one. It is cool. And he's getting back to the woman, the woman music like you remember he used to make music strictly for women and that this, that's what that was. Don't Drake and Drive. He really, he really don't have a lot to talk about.


Especially if all you going talk about is the aftermath of losing a rap battle. Yeah. Like you know what, Emini here and if you still gonna be taking subtle shots at Kendrick, you should have put all of that in the music and you shouldn't have ended it at the hard part. Six. I Think he should give you a song, man. Nah, he, I think he's gonna talk about everything that went on, how he feels after the people that switched sides. You gonna talk about suing? He Did. After you gonna talk about filing lawsuits, I'm sure he probably talk about that as well. You want all that in the Music? Well, in the swipe through, he has a photo of Daniel Day Lewis from the, from when he was in Phantom Thread. And he plays a character Reynolds Woodcock who is a high fashion designer who loves order. So he's all about order non confrontation. So maybe this is woo. Yeah, But nobody wanna be about confrontation after you lose.


You ever seen that Dude that's super tough till they get beat up and now they don't wanna fight no more. They, they're Muslim now. No more dope games that he was. He was like he was, he was all about the confrontation until you get beat up. But, but maybe he'll be talking about that as well. He be talking about his feelings towards it. You always talk about people should talk about their feelings in the music and talk about sort of mind and the music. That's what he's gonna talk about. He Also got, he got a photo in here but I think you call it Zofran. My mind used to take those. It's like nausea and medicine is active surgery Aurora like after cancer treatment. Yeah. And I'm like, is this because he feel like he gonna make people sick? Hey, All you did was Lose s Right. Okay. You just lost the rap battle. You Better read that hip hop girl period.


You not excited about You gotta take medication 'cause you lost a rap battle. We don't Know what these things mean. Stop. You know what they mean. I was Cox. What was that? What are y'all talking about? Reynolds Woodcock is the character that Daniel D. Lewis played in the movie. Oh. And There's a photo Of him from the movie. This is like him hing us not wanting confrontation. Alright, Well Confrontation. Confrontation Combination. That is the Go home and get some, you just gave hook. I don't want no confrontation. The latest with Lauren, let's get to the People's Choice Mix is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are checking out The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy.


We are The Breakfast Club. We got a salute to Wendy Williams for checking in today. Yes man. Salute to Wendy Williams. She gave us an update on everything that you heard about in the news yesterday. So I don't know man, maybe Wendy's getting one step closer to Freedom man. That's Right. And Gina as well. And salute to Gina. Gina man, I'm telling you Gina is a real, real, real, real, real, real, real Godsend man. Gina is the president of ConnectCare Advisory Group. I, you know, you know how I got introduced to Gina. I got introduced to Gina from the late great Andre Harrell, man, rest in peace to Andre Harrell. Andre Hell, Andre Harrell actually hit me years ago and was talking to me about situations like the one Wendy is currently in. Yeah. And, and Andrea was talking to me about it.


He was like, you ever thought about what happens when, when you get older? And, 'cause he was talking about, you know, not wanting to be in a home, not wanting to end up in a conservatorship, things like that. And so he was like, yo, you should really have this woman Gina on the show, you know, to talk about that. And so, you know, Gina came on the show five years ago. She actually helped my, my wife with some things with her family and yeah, you know her and she's, she's been, she's the one that's got Wendy in this great situation that she's currently in. That's what's up. So, alright, so all anything that you see happening with Wendy, Wendy gets free all credit goals to Gina. Salute to Gina, Salute to Gina, man. Gina, Gina Monte. So what Monte? So, Okay, I was gonna say, I know it ain't about that but you, you know what you should really do And I don't know, maybe she has it.


You should have Gina write a book to help people out so that people can always refer to something Maybe. So it depends what you wanna do. All Right, well positive note when we come back is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club again. Let me salute out to Papa Keith. Papa Keith is Miramar. He's going for commissioner seat three today. So if you're Miramar, make sure you check out our brother Papa. Papa Keith. He does afternoons on our Miami station out there and he's running for commissioner seat three. So check out Keith Scott is his name. Keith Walcott is his name. Papa Keith. Keith Walcott And Jess, you headed to Atlanta right? Yep, I'm going to Atlanta.


I'm actually heading there today, but tomorrow and Thursday, Wednesday and Thursday I got shows at Atlanta Comedy Theater in Norcross. Get your tickets at Jess Hilarious official.com guys. I will be doing meet and greet. I ain't did a meet and greet in Atlanta in in like five, six years, so make sure you get your tickets for that. Also, me and my brother Desi Alexander will be there. So see you in a few Atlanta. That's right. Salute the Atlanta, man. You know we're doing the third annual Black Effect podcast festival in Atlanta. Salute to my guy Louis v Louis. Louis V is providing the soundtrack. He's also the program director for 96 1 to beat in Atlanta. And yeah, go get your tickets for the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival happening Saturday, April 26th in Atlanta.


We got Carrie Champion gonna be there with the Naked Podcast. Good Moms Bad Choices Podcast is going to be there. Tank and Jay Valentine are gonna be there with the RB Money podcast and Sarah Jakes Roberts will be there during the Woman of all podcast live. So make sure you go get your tickets@blackeffect.com slash podcast festival. And the positive note is simply this, oversharing is how you leak energy. Always remember privacy is protection. Okay? Most things require darkness to grow. You gotta learn to nurture your vision and private first before you give it to The World. Have a great day Breakfast Club Bitches. Y'all finish or y'all done In Mississippi? Yazoo Clay keeps secrets.


7,000 bodies out there or More. A forgotten Asylum. Cemetery. It was my family's mystery. Shame, guilt, propriety, something keeps it all buried deep until it's not. I'm Laren Campbell and this is Under Yazoo Clay. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast,


I'm Hunter host of Hunting for Answers on the Black Effect Podcast network. Join me every weekday as I share bite-sized stories of missing and murdered black women and girls in America. Stories like Erica Hunt, A young mother vanished without a trace after a family gathering on 4th of July weekend, 2016. No goodbyes. No clues, just gone. Listen to Hunting for Answers every weekday on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes, but don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca Ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses, but everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing. Karen, where have you brought us? Cancellation Island. Where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? How goes lower from Blumhouse tv, iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst as he unravels the mystery of his vanish boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously, listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.