
October is Cybersecurity Awareness Month, and LifeLock is here to elevate your protection game using the same simple password across all your accounts that's risky. While updating your passwords to be more unique is a good start. True peace of mind comes with LifeLock. LifeLock doesn't just alert you to suspicious activity, but monitors for more uses of your personal info and will fix identity theft issues that arise, guaranteed, or your money back. Secure your identity today with a 30 day free trial at lifelock.com/cybersafety Terms apply.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today Available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Max Bankman. I'm the New doctor. Welcome aboard The Odyssey, A BC Thursdays. This ship is heaven. We're attending to our past better dreams. I'm in from 9 1 1 Executive producer Ryan Murphy. Comes a splashy new drama on a luxury cruise ship with Joshua Jackson and Don Johnson. It's your job to keep everyone alive. Season's inv fed. 1, 2, 3. Clear. I have a pulse. You're gonna be okay. Dr. Odyssey Thursday's nine eight Central on a, B, C, and stream on Hulu


Black Tech Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities. That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Hey, it's me Tyler. Both open earbuds are stylish. The color, it looks almost like a earring. I feel like it could go with anything. The music I'm making right now feels like a holiday. I wanna look like it too. Eh, check out bs.com for more. JJ just hilarious. And charmagne, they're listen into The Breakfast Club. Thank y'all for being like cultural leaders. Family. The. Breakfast Club is where people get the information on the topics, on the artists, everything like that. You guys were nice. Everybody got me all nervous. Like you guys watch. You're locked into the world's most dangerous woman Show Bronx If. you wanna break this club? You ain't gonna bring it.


120 minus Gonna not come up. This what y'all grew up. That's right. Get up out the beds and listen to the greatest show on Earth. Good morning. USA. Yo. Yo. Yo Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, Yo yo. Alright. Right. Jesse LAIs is on maternity leave. What up Lauren? Good morning. Charmaine is running a little late and It's Tuesday. How you feeling, Lauren? I feel good. Don't, don't say nothing. I don't wanna see his reaction to real time. I'm gonna say nothing. I'm not gonna say nothing. I wanna see the Reaction to real time. How was your day yesterday? My day was great. It was good. Yeah. I went home. I was You know, chilling around the house. My cousin came up. Hello cousin.


She's here today. I don't know why she wouldn't be here with y'all crazies, but she's here. Okay. Alright. Now, it was a late night for us 'cause of course sports were on last night. I don't know if any of you watch Monday Night Football. Last night the Dolphins played the Titans and the Lions played the Seahawks both good. Well, I wouldn't say great games. It wasn't tight games, but it was interesting. Very, very interesting. Did you watch any of the games Envy? No. No. But you could tell me what happened though. I just, I'll, I'll tell you in front page news. Okay. That that, that was it. That was it. Okay. There's a huge strike going on right now, so I know they're blocking the containers out there. And this is a national news because some of the stuff that's coming in from international will be blocked and will be stopped because there are striking for the containers. So that means cars, that means goods, that means foods.


And I'm sure we'll break it down in front Page news. What up Charlamagne? Good morning. How is everybody? How do y'all feel this day? I feel great. How do you feel? Charlamagne? Like a virgin charlamagne. Oh, you go. You got the fresh dye today. Wow. I'm not talking about me. You got the fresh hairline. Oh, damn. Y'all got the same dye. Yo. Shut up man. Y'all got the sound. Y'all got the same dye. What kind of dye you use? Yo, shut up man. That for your hair. I don't even know what kind my hairstyle use envy. What kind did I use? Just for men? No, that ain't no just for men. No, no, no, no, no. Whatever. Whatever Lauren use. You definitely got it on too because you look like you in HD right now. Don't look like you an HD Alone man.


You got your hair dy yesterday. No, At I did not look the same. You don't be paying attention. I'm the Same exact as yesterday. I didn't do anything different. No, She all right. Okay. We thought we all stupid. Huh? I didn't do anything different. Huh? None of us can see. Good morning Lauren's cousin. How you feeling this morning? None. None of us can see you feeling good. None of us got eyes. I'm gonna Be talking to you all day. 'cause I'm not talking to him anymore. None Of us got eyes. You don't have eyes. Go please. It's the same as yesterday, man. Let Me see. Put your head down. Touch your It's The same. It's the same. Look, you had a hat on Yesterday though. Well, you are the leader of the black in crew right now. You hear me? Of the black crew call you Caesar. That's not funny. Jesus Christ. I take that as a joke. At Least you The leader. You're not one of the sheep. It's all right. Oh my goodness. All right. You be the black Sheep.


But all that black in crew got. Okay. Today Jordan as Congressman Byron Donald from Florida, he'll be joining us this morning. Yes, he will. Huge Trump supporter and Republican. Oh yeah. He's a Republican. So I guess he originally From Trump supporter Brooklyn. He went to Fa MU University, then he transferred to Florida State and now he's a congressman. So we'll talk to him. Yeah. Angela Robbie joining us for that as well. That's right. And then a comedian, I'm not sure if You know him. He's on tour. He's on this tour called The Black and Mild Tour. He comes up here a lot. You know. Actually, I don't know why we have him up here so much. Don. Oh God. Rawlings. I think his name is Don Rawlings. Yeah, You know him. You heard of him? Yeah. He'll be joining us this morning too. So we'll kick it with Donne Rawlins. All right. Let's get The choir taste. He is. Yes. Let's get the show. Crack Front page news is next. Morgan, we'll be joining us.


It The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jeff. Hilarious show. I ain't Waiting until Halloween. I'm gonna get my Cruella de Villa on now go To H Double Hockey six. What? It looks nice. Let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Good morning and happy. What is today? New Year? Tuesday. Today is Tuesday. Hold on before you do the news, lemme just do quick sports. Last night the Lions beat the Seahawks 42 29. And it Titans beat the Dolphins 31 12. And we just gotta send a rest in peace to two legends. Debe Mabo, crazy Mutombo, NBA legend You know he was known If. you If, you don't really watch basketball. He was the one with the finger that always, when he blocked somebody's shot, he would wave the finger at him.


That was the Mabo. I'm one of the greatest defensive players of all time. Also, he was a global ambassador for the NBA. That's right. Yes. He died from brain cancer at the age of 58. And also 58 Is so young, man. It is. And also major league baseball. Pete Rose, he's the all time hits leader. He died at the age of 83 yesterday. And they wouldn't put him in the Hall of Fame 'cause he had a little gambling problem. But I bet you they'll put him in now. Yeah. And they had the, I guess he had the gambling problem when he was a coach. Right? Not when he was a player. Right. When he was a coach. I don't remember. Yeah. So, all right, Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. Yeah, yeah. Good morning. So let's get into it. More details are surfacing about the devastating impacts of Hurricane Helene. President Biden said he is deploying every available resource to the areas impacted by the storm.


More than 120 people across several states were killed by the monstrous storm. With the death toll likely to rise, as there are still people mi missing areas like Asheville, North Carolina are dealing with what's being described as biblical flooding. Thousands of people remain unaccounted for and millions are still without power in the Southeast. Let's hear from President Biden on his remarks regarding the storm. It's not just a catastrophic storm, it's historic history making storm entire Southeast and Appalachia. Damage from the hurricane stretches across at least 10 states. Storm surges up to 15 feet and record flooding. Communities are devastated.


Loved ones waiting. Not sure if their loved ones are okay. I'm committed to traveling to the impacted areas as soon as possible, but I've been told that it'd be disruptive. I did it right. Now We need need to, we need to do something for Asheville. Like You know I I got, I got a call yesterday from my, my Good brother Bakari Sellers. And I know. I know water is one of the things that they need. So I hit envy up 'cause he got his positivity water. So we gonna try to get some water Down there. Yeah, we're gonna try to get some down there. You know the crazy thing is with the positivity water, I guess there's a water shortage, so water is flying off the shelves. But I spoke to my distributor. We gonna try to set something up for the, by the end of the week. What a super Nice, very, very nice. Yes, Biden said the government will continue to send help to the region as long as it takes to finish the job. He is expected to visit those communities impacted by the storm sometime this week.


Meanwhile, vice President Harris, she is reiterating the same thing that President Biden is saying. His remarks saying The federal government will do everything it can in its power to help those impacted by the storm. Now, she visited FEMA headquarters yesterday to thank those workers who, for their response to the storm. Let's hear those comments from VP Harris. The devastation from Hurricane Helene is immense. Millions of Americans are without power. Thousands of families have lost their homes, entire neighborhoods have been destroyed. President Biden, And, I and all of the folks behind me are with you. We will continue to do everything we can to help you recover and to help you rebuild.


So far more than 3,300 federal personnel are on the ground to assist with recovery efforts. They are deploying food, water, and generators. She also said that she plans to visit the impacted areas as soon as possible, but again, disrupting without trying to disrupt any of the emergency response operations. Yes, we'll continue to keep those people in our thoughts and prayers and a lot and kudos to you and V four doing what you can to get resources to them. And it is VP debate night, Republican, Republican VP candidate and Ohio Senator JD Vance. We'll face off against Democratic candidate Minnesota Governor Tim Walls and a CBS hosted debate. Tonight at 9:00 PM Eastern, there will be no audience and the mics will be open.


Now, former President Trump, he asked, he was asked if jd, he gave any advice to JD Vance. And here's what Trump had to say in regards to Vance at the debate. I think JD is gonna do great. He's a very smart guy. He's done a great job. People like him a lot. No, he doesn't need I will. But we've been speaking a little bit back and forth. I think he's in good shape. He said he doesn't need too much of his advice. But yeah, Trump also said that he will be doing personal play by play of the VP debate. He wrote on his truth social platform that he'd be watching the debate between the running mates of JD Von. Of course, Tim Walls adding that. He hopes Harris is watches the, the debate. Harris watches the debate too as he live blogs the event.


So that could be, must see TV and must see social media. Well, yeah. It, it, it, I don't want y'all to note it's not gonna be a watch. It's not gonna be like when Trump went against Biden and Trump Wash Biden. It's not gonna be like Harris against Trump or Harris Wash Trump. It's not gonna be like that. With, with with, with these two. And because I think that You know JD Vance's doing all of this Sunday morning television that he's been doing the past few weeks. I think that's prepped him very well. 'cause he's been asked a lot of You know tough, tough questions. Right? And he's actually, he Gives terrible answers. Right? But, but he still gives answers nonetheless. And I think that You know when, when Tim Walls tries to paint him as weird, as soon as JD hits him with the tampon, Tim and says, You know you had Tam, you tried to put tampons in the boy's bathroom.


You know, I think that's going, that's going make America be like what he did. What? I don't think that has been as loud as it hasn't. As, as, as, as it, as it as it probably could be. Yeah. But I think after the night it will be. And people gonna be looking at Tim Walls like he did what now? And them Trump commercials that We were were talking about yesterday, ran crazy last Night. That's what I'm saying. They Ran crazy last night too. Keep Running transgender commercials during football. Football, yeah. During the game. Yeah. Kamala Harris wants to spend your taxpayer dollars on prison inmate trans sex changes. Like what? Yep. Hopefully They can stick to the policies. You know and no You know That ain't Happening. Not doing that. Nope. No. You know they not gonna do that. All right, well, Here's to hoping we'll talk more in the seven o'clock hour. We'll get caught up with going what's going on in New York with Mayor Adams.


All right. And everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open again, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or Blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with me is blessed. Call up next (800) 585-1051. Not just me. I'm with the coach of feeling. Hello, who's this? This Is Francisco. Good morning. Hey, good morning. Get it off your chest. So my question is for Charlemagne, I love Charlemagne. He's big in politics.


I worked for the federal government for about 10 years. And I want his perspective and his opinion on the New York mayor being indicted by the feds. But yet Donald Trump is whatever. But Clarence Thomas is sitting on the bench at the Supreme Court. Like how does he feel about that? And do you feel like it's a double standard? I I don't even know if the standard certain people, I don't even know if the standard is double. I just think it's no consistency across the board. And that's why You know I get upset when I see You know Democrats. When I saw people say like, You know, oh, he should step down. He should re he should resign. And I'm like, well, he is still innocent and tell proven guilty. And the thing I do respect about Republicans, Republicans don't do that today.


People, they to the off, they, they ride to the wheels fall off. And even when the wheels fall off, they still keep trying to drive the cop. Not saying that's right or that's wrong. I'm just saying that I re I respect it. Hello. Who's this Jay Envy man, what's going on with me, Pete? Man, on top of the morning, my dog, man. Hey, another day on top of the ground, down on top of me. You said Diddy on top of you, Man. Hey, Charlotte, did not the ground play play with you. Find you somebody to play with though. No, I, That's what I been trying to tell him. Find you somebody say Something you ain't say nothing about. No did it man, we ain't doing that. You said somebody on top of you? No. Who on top of you? I said I woke up on the top of the ground and knocked the ground on doing it. He said he woke Up on top of the ground, the ground out on top of him.


Oh, alright. I didn't hear you. I thought you, I didn't hear you, bro. Well, You Know some saying, But look here though. Song breaking Up, og. I just wanna say peace, love to you Charlie. Man, you doing better. I appreciate y'all finally asking. Come how hard my questions. And you understand me holding her accountable because her the right, the American people, the word salad man, we, we not, we not going for that. Even. Wait, you said Kamala Harris is a cannibal who likes salad? What Man, you like, you man, You know real. I'm calling to address Mr though You know nothing. Like because I, His voice is cutting in and out forward with him Backwards.


Y'all, he could be cutting us out. Won't even, No, This ain't no ai. This ain't no ai, this OG kind calling back. Yes Sir. I'm Like, hey, I wanna call, I wanna call the mental police department out for holding the, during the same time as the Tyreek Nichols. They did that to keep people off trying and stupid from the real bull that they was on. Yes, sir. Was destruct. You understand that? I just wanted to bring it tot attention because they, yo, can you hear me? No, No, It's bad service time. I, I just know you saying something about the police in Memphis and Tyree Nichols. So I'm with you, but I just don't know what you said. No, They trial, they held the dog trial at the same time holding the Tyree Nichol trial. They did it to keep people distracted.


And I. Just think the, He said that they did Tyre Nichols at the same Time. Got you. Got, got you, got you. You speak broken, fucked up phone or Something? Yes. Okay, Man. Hey, because of the hurricane, man, just the hurricane. Got the phone acting up, man. Yes sir. Okay. But y'all got the message though. To the H Hope all is well. Peace and love. Y'all keep holding it down like y'all doing. Sir. Sir, thank you. Yes sir. You Definitely speak broke phone. I know it's because You speak struggles. Struggle phones. I was on my third Or fourth. I speak If. you accidentally call me and your phone's in your pocket. I can make out every word. Oh, that's what I speak. I see. I was on my third or fourth. Yes sir. And he just kept talking. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Hit this up now it's The, Breakfast.


Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, you better have the same energy. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club, Come on. Who's this? Oh, this Town. What's happening? What's Going on? On Good Morning. What's Up brother? Get it off your chest. I say Happy Nigeria Nigerian Dependen. What'd did he say? Tell me. Happy Nigerian Independence Day to all his Nigerians. Yep, I caught that. Yeah, I heard that. Love it all. Love you too king. Bless him. Yeah. All right, sir. Oh, have a blessed one.


I got that one. Hello. Who's this? Hey, this is Marcus from Ohio. Marcus. What up man? Your phone sounds the best this morning. Get it off your chest, brother. Yeah, the one thing I wanna get off my chest is what VP Kamala Harris said is that people are like one check away from losing their homes. So I think they should put like a federal regulation on these companies up and rent. Okay, I'm with that. Yeah. People out here struggling You, know what I mean? I'm a single dad of three myself. A single dad of three. Yes sir. Yes sir. And You know what I mean? And I do well, but it just, with all these You, know what I mean? Them, these regular them going up on ranch, it's just crazy.


It's just Ridiculous. That's why I like her. I like her plans to rebuild the middle class. Man. You know. Like she was on all the smoke yesterday. And I mean she said this before, but yo, when she says things like people should have the opportunity to save money, people should be able to You know, put away a little bit of money to take a vacation when they want to. People shouldn't be stressing when Christmas time comes. That's right. You know. Hmm. I was in a hair stray yesterday and it was just bad in there with his two babies. And he was definitely like, I think he was drunk. Like I could smell it on him. And he was like, don't, he literally said to me, don't mind me. I'm just a single dad trying to figure it out. It's really rough right now. And I was like, man, like I just felt so bad for him. It was nothing I could do. But I just was like, dang, I hope stuff do get better. You trying To get here for his daughters? No, it was his two sons one, I think one of his sons had eczema.


I was helping him figure out like a cream for the eczema or whatever. And as he was talking to me, I guess he noticed that, I noticed he was drunk and he was like, I'm just trying to figure it out. I'm a single dad. And I was like, don't worry about it. So they, they checked out or whatever. But when I left I was like, dang, all I could do is like pray for him. But it's just crazy because I'm like, he a single dad. I don't know. He probably financially trying to figure it out. I don't know why he's a single dad. It's just A lot going on. And don't say all you can do is pray for him. Prayer is very powerful. Okay. I mean I just felt like I wanted to do more. How much was the lot? I I paid for the paid for the, yeah, it wasn't, they didn't, they only had like the white and blue lotion on what that called. I have no idea what that is. Yeah. And some hair gre like I, he didn't know what to pick out so I helped pick out the Yeah. But I just was like, man, That was, you still had your braids in when you when you did that.


Why? I'm just asking why. I'm just how, How did this go from No, I'm just asking. Prayer is powerful. You know what I'm praying about Next. No, I'm just asking. Did you to Rebuke the demons on that side of the room? Did you have your braid? Because he probably was like, damn. I know she You know clearly needed she out for me. You know You. know what I'm saying? You keep that First of I didn't. The braids was out. Gotcha. It was just like the little You know the little, my hair was just like out. He probably was like, Oh. So he probably was like, damn man, it was this little homeless girl that was in the store and she looked out for me. Man, you just never know. Your blessings can crossed As long as he felt blessed You know it wasn't about me. That's right. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We got just with the mess with Lauren Osa coming up. We do. We are. Just take a moment for Debe Mutombo.


Okay. Alright. We'll get to that. Next. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's the EJ Envy. Jess, Larry and Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to Jess with the Mess with Lauren LaRosa news is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. She don't spare nobody. Why? Jess worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coaches. Who? With Lauren. Lauren LaRosa. I back. And. I got The mess. Talk to me Yesterday it was announced that there is a new Chris Brown documentary.


This documentary will be airing on ID investigation Discovery. Let's take a listen to the trailer that they dropped yesterday. Chris Brown is the man. Get used to that right There. Chris Brown's an amazing and talented musician, but let's call a thing a thing. He's a abuser of women. Consistently, unapologetically. Did Chris pull a gun on that drill? When is your hearing for your restraining order? There's a long list of various different women. Are you pretty upset? Are you sure you don't really call victim's advocates having come talk to you, who've Accused Chris Brown of assaulting them? Senator Chris Brown has been detained in an alleged case of rape.


He has an audience full of assault deniers. No, I have not spoken about this matter publicly, but that's the only way that he can be stopped. So this documentary, and there's been several documentaries over the last couple years following All You know all of the incidents that have happened with Chris Brown. But this documentary, erring on Id was shared with the caption Chris Brown, A history of violence charts. Chris Brown's past all the way back to his troubled childhood explores the lasting impact of the cycle of abuse and poses the question, how does a man with such a violent public record maintain his superstar status with expert and cultural commentary? Layered throughout the documentary provides thoughtful reflections into each survivor's experience in a psychological destruction in the aftermath of their abuse.


Now when this hit the timeline, it it hit like it was Variety Hollywood Reporter X, Instagram, and as always with Chris Brown, I believe that re


Max Bankman, I'm the new doctor. Welcome aboard the Odyssey. A b, C, Thursday. This ship is heaven. We're attending to our best for our dreams. I'm in from 9 1 1 Executive producer Ryan Murphy. Comes a splashy new drama on a luxury cruise ship with Joshua Jackson and Don Johnson. It's your job to keep everyone alive. Season's vfi. 1, 2, 3. Clear. I have a pulse. You're gonna be okay. Dr. Odyssey Thursday's nine eight Central on a, B, C and stream on Hulu.


The. World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play in a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Looking for the perfect night's sleep. Brooklyn Bedding has you covered with over 25 years in the mattress industry, Brooklyn Bedding combines top tier comfort and quality without the hefty price tag. Every mattress is designed and assembled by master craftsmen, ensuring expert oversight. Plus they have a factory in Arizona and shipped conveniently to your front doorstep for free. Choose from a range of firmness levels, heights and dimensions, including non-traditional sizes to find the perfect mattress fit for your needs. And with a 120 night sleep trial on all mattresses, you can rest easy knowing you are making the right choice. Visit brooklyn bedding.com to learn more and take advantage of their 25% off site-wide sale going on now.


High Five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High Five Casino is a social casino, no purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com. High five casino


Moments like my daughter telling me a new joke mean a lot to me, but after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away If, you have new or worsening symptoms including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain before taking Ibrance. Tell your doctor If you have fever, chills or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


Actions are all over the place. Some people I know when I saw it I was like, why right now? Like what? What did he do right now? Like why are we seeing this right now? We've seen so many documentaries and heard so much about this, but there are other people on the other side that every single time You know someone says that people are like, well, he should always be reminded because this is what happened. And in this documentary, from what I can tell from the chair, of course they're gonna go into the Rihanna, which happened back in February, 2009 when he was 17 years old. And carucci that situation. She's also shown in documentary as well. They were together from 2011 to 2015. She filed a restraining order in 2017. And then there is a another person who we don't know the identity of that is also it, it seems like, is that the voice that they, the voice that's manipulated kind of cho and screwed, manipulated.


That is like speaking out on something as well too. There's hashtags being used like no excuse for abuse. So I Wonder if they spoke to the victims though. I wonder if they spoke to Rihanna, if they spoke to Ucci, because that might be triggering to them. They might not want that out there. They might not want their name involved with this. I'm not, well, we don't know. All we have is a trailer right now. I just, for me, when I saw it, I was just like at, I just didn't understand like why, like why right now. Why now? Now why? Like everybody You know. There's not too many people right now who don't know his past what has happened. It's just like why stirred up? And they just, and then recently Id they did a Doc Diddy documentary as well too. It came out already. Let me double check that.


I don't think it came out already. Yeah, but there, I mean, this would be like The third Diddy documentary already, right? Yeah. Because T MZ did one as well too. Which I understand because that's, it's, it's relevant. It's topical right now. But how do you do a documentary right now when he's still going through it? He's, the case is still going on. Well, Because people Don't, because we don't know the truth. We don't know what's right or what's wrong. We don't know what's factual and what's not factual. There's still so much information. Like we don't know what he is charged of. But it's like a, like for instance, Z did one documentary. It took you through everything that led up to where we are now. Cassie's filing all that. And then it's like, stay tuned for more. Now they're, they just dropped another one where we now have the attorney talking through the case and well, the bell and the baby oil and all that stuff. It's, they're gonna keep you going along. But I just say this to say that I feel like with the Chris Brown stuff, like news wise topically right now, in my opinion, I wasn't looking for this.


It, it caught me off guard when I saw that on the timeline. Well, the problem I have with the You know, the documentary like the Chris Brown documentary is when it comes to the victims and alleged victims, these networks aren't doing it because they're trying to actually raise awareness to anything. They're just capitalizing off trauma. Are they giving the proceeds that they will make off the documentary to any of the domestic violence organizations? Any mental health organizations, any organizations that help people work through trauma? If not, then they're just profiting off people's pain. And, I, And, I don't like that. Are are any of the proceeds going to any of those things? I'm looking at You know me. I'm looking at up right now and, and, And, and in Chris's case, I don't know how you create these kinds of documentaries based off allegations. If you're reporting on things that actually happened, things he's been arrested for.


I get it. But putting a new accuser on there, having her face covered up, distorting her voice. How do we know that's even real and not something done for tv? And shouldn't that person be going to the police or suing him? How do you go to shoot a documentary first and why would a person at a network want them to do a documentary before they go to the law or take legal action? Well, I'll tell you why. Because they care about producing a show and getting ratings more than they do alleged victims. I mean, that's television, right? But at the same time, I think a, a network like ID who does these things, I'm sure they have a legal team that is gonna make sure that even if it's just alleged there's ways around. But Why? But but why would you, if somebody came to you and told you that story, why your mind say, okay, let's put them on tv.


Wouldn't you tell them to go take legal action? Wouldn't you tell them to go to the law first? Why would you just exploit that story? Me as A personal idea, as a network? Because I idea as a network, They need to make Their money. Chris Brown is always a hot button topic no matter what. They Would've left their money whack though. It's whack it's Horrible. That's the content era that we live in. You know what I mean? Controversy sales. That's now to answer your question, ID does have a no excuse for abuse campaign. And it's now in its third year in partnership with no more foundation. And this is an effort to stem domestic violence and sexual assault. Oh, it's, oh, it has an effort to stem domestic violence and sexual assault. And its aim is to shed light on the dynamics of intimate partner violence with programming and resources. So they do provide resources and a lot of their programming is dedicated to empowering individuals and communities through these programs and the different campaigns they do.


So The proceeds from these doc going to that campaign, I don't know that exactly. However, they do say that they provide resources to show survivors that their loved ones, it show survivors in their loved ones that they are not alone. And that, that there is help available so that it seems that way. Yeah, but I can't answer that a hundred percent. Like it was, it's just wild to me that an an alleged victim would come to you and tell you this story and your mindset is Well, let's put them on television. Yeah. Let's like, I want to know that the person, I would've encouraged the person to go take legal, legal or go to law enforcement. Why? You just put a camera in their face. Yeah. I never liked that. Whether you black them might change their voice or not. Like why is that your mindset? I never liked that And I never liked the fact that they could just do documentaries on somebody's life and not get it authorized Like they could.


We could just do a documentary on on Lauren. Yeah, You could. You Could. But that ain't right. That, but it's your life story. I'm telling your life story. That's whack. I mean right now. That'd be a short story. Oh, you gotta give us some time. Oh, just because yours is like tribal decades old. It is. It is. I'm there. You fossil fuel like Don, please relax. I've Been around. Yeah. And we know They're working on dos on us right now. You're Worn out. You're, we know you've been around. You're worn out. I've been around upside down. Baby old all around. It's called You know. It's called Longevity Upside Down. It's called Longevity You. know about consistency. Okay, we've been around for a while. All right. 15 years here. All right gals. All right. Gals, gals, gals. Gs Gal. It's envy. Yes ma'am. I'm gonna do a documentary. It's called The Trauma. That is the trauma What You Are Trauma.


And You Caused the Trauma. Mr. Mental Health. All right, well that is just with the Mess with Lord LaRosa. When we come back, we got front page news and then Congressman Byron Donalds from Florida will be joining us. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning, you are checking out The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ NB, just Larry Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club Lauren, the filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page news quickly in some quick sports. Last night the Lions beat the Seahawks. 42 29. The Titans beat the Dolphins. 31 2 12. What's up Morgan? What's up is October is breast cancer awareness month. Okay, make sure you check out the Tatas. It aims to promote screening and prevention of the disease, which is the second leading cause of death in the us.


Breast cancer is one of the most commonly diagnosed cancers in women. And it also impacts men, whether you believe it or not. It also increases with age. About 83% of breast cancer diagnosis each year are among women age 50 and older. So the daughters, the moms. Check out the Tatas ladies, check out your tatas. Alright, so here in New York, mayor Adams is seeking dismissal of bribery charges against him. Adams lawyer Alex Shapiro, is asking a federal judge to throw out one of the charges and the five count indictment against Adams calling it extraordinarily vague. Now, Shapiro argues that the accusations against Adams don't meet the federal definition of bribery. And cited a recent ruling from the US Supreme Court in June that ruled that public corruption didn't apply to gifts and payments meant to reward public officials.


Now, the mayor pled not guilty to accepting luxury travel benefits and illegal campaign donations from Turkish officials, allegedly in exchange for political favors. Yesterday, mayor Adam spoke to reporters over calls to resign and reiterated that now is not the time to quit, but to step up, let's hear from Mayor Adams And continue to deliver for the city. The attorneys will handle the legal aspect of it. I'm going to stay focused. And you heard me say it over and over again. Stay focused. No distraction and grind. All of y'all hear that in your sleep. The countless number of people who have called me text me, stop me on the street and say, listen, do what you're doing, Eric. Keep doing what you're doing. You brought this city back.


Adams did go on to say he did nothing wrong. And of course, time will tell he is due back in court on Wednesday. At the same time, he's hinting that he's got a story to tell. He spoke to the community church over the weekend and it says he's focusing. He is focused on his job, but he's also writing a book. Let's hear from Adams on his book. This is going to be a bestseller. Get that best bottle of wine that you have. And those of you who are into cannabis, you can roll a joint and just sit down and read the mind book. Not, not right now, situation. Not, not right now. This is why people be like feeling how they feel about him. It's Like He's gonna be at st Less that like he needs to relax just a little bit. You know what though? Maybe he doesn't. Why not? Not Right now.


No, no. I'm gonna tell you why. And, and, and You know what, and it just hit, it just doesn't feel right when you have someone like Donald Trump running for president. 'cause Donald Trump is out here selling everything. Donald Trump was just online selling a hundred thousand dollars watches just, just, just this weekend Saying, you are very smart. What is the difference between Donald Trump and Mayor Eric Adams? I know that, but even though I know Eric Adams is black and Donald Trump is white, I still don't like it. Like You know. It just doesn't feel right when we're saying, I understand this person should stand down, but then this person is running for the highest office in the land. Well, not only that, Unless he feels like he can't get his story out the correct way, that he will never be able to, to process his own story. So he puts it in the book so people could actually read his story before he goes on trial. That could be small. I just don't like it. I want us as Americans and us as a society to have consistency.


You. know what I'm saying? Mayor Adam, Mayor Adams said, people will be amazed by what has happened in his life for the last two years and 10 months. So, like you said, envy, maybe he wanna tell his story. He wanna get it out there before anybody else can correct. Of course. He has had several conversations with New York Governor Kathy Holger, regarding this whole incident. Who does have the power to remove him? She says she's not planning to take any action on removing Adams from office right now following his legal, legal troubles. Excuse me. Hoel was asked what it would take to remove Adams. And here's what she had to say in regards to that. I'm not gonna stand here and give it right now. My responsibility is to make sure that New York City functions at at a highly effective level.


And I'm monitoring the situation and watching for that to occur. I am giving the mayor an opportunity now to demonstrate to New Yorkers and to me that we are riding the ship. That we have the opportunity to instill the confidence that I think is wavering right now and to power forward with an effective government. And, and she's she's right You know. It just doesn't feel right that we as a people hold one person to a higher standard than the other. This is why people don't know right from wrong because we treat everybody differently. When you have somebody like Donald Trump running for president of the United States of America with all the charges that he's had, the things that he's been convicted of, why are we so quick to say You?


know what? Nah. Eric Adams, you gotta step down. Nah, Eric Adams, you should resign. Nah, Eric Adams should be removed. I don't like that personally. And I You know And I don't have a dog energy across the board. And. I don't have a dog in the fight either way. I just You know. I just don't like it. It don't look right. I keep that energy. And one last story out of Georgia, a state judge is striking down Georgia's six week abortion ban. Major news, the decision allows the procedure to resume and it makes abortions legal up to 22 weeks of pregnancy. Now, Fulton County Superior Court Judge Robert McBurney, issued the order on Monday. It says abortions must be regulated the same way they were before the law took effect of Georgia's abortion law took effect in 2022 after Republican governor Brian Kemp signed it into law in 2019.


So we will continue to watch what's going on. And that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, follow me on social at Morgan Media. M-O-R-G-Y-N-M-E-D-I-A. And for more news coverage follow at Black Information Network, download the free iHeartRadio app and visit BIN news.com. Thank you Morgan. That's in my house. Alright, now when we come back, Congressman Byron Donalds from Florida will be joining us and we'll talk to him next. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne Tha guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is on maternity leave. So Lauren Lar is filling in. We also have our sister Angela ride with us this morning, the Host of the Native Land podcast.


That's right. And we got a special guest in the building. He's from Brooklyn. The brother Byron Donald also went to FMU too. H-B-C-U-F-A-M-U, Right. There you go. Right. 6 99, brother. So how'd you become a, well, I guess, 'cause You know in New York is considered a such a liberal place. How did you become a conservative? Oh man. Politics came late for me in life. You started as a Democrat, right? Yeah, I was a registered Democrat. Didn't really care about politics. I think a lot of people like that in the country. They just register as whatever family or friends are not really thinking about it. My career was finance. So I, I graduated with a degree of finance marketing from Florida State. I had too much fun at FMU, so I had to transfer. Okay. So I transferred to FSU, got my degree there, started in my career, worked in banking, worked in insurance, and then due the financial collapse of oh eight.


My company had international clients and they were saying we need to get information for our clients so we can keep the investment going. So I started doing the research 'cause I had worked in banking for five years and when I did the research, one of the last things I did was watch the House Financial Services Committee in Congress. First time I ever watched a congressional committee, And I watched it. And really for me it was that the members didn't know what they were talking about. I was like, who are these people? You know I was 29 at the time, 29 30. And I'm thinking, who are these guys? They don't know what they're talking about. A lot of stuff doesn't make sense. And so that's really what started having me starting to think about politics and You know the journey kind of went from there. But I gotta tell y'all, both my son, he's sitting at home, my son Mason, and he's a huge fan. Oh, he listens all the time. So I gotta give a shout to Mason to Luther Mason.


Thank you Mason. Congressman, you just mentioned that you attended FAMU, but graduated from Florida State. We know that Donald Trump committed $255 million annually to HBCUs wet obligation. Does Florida have to properly fund FA MU to ensure Rattlers like yourself are properly educated with the resources they deserve? Well, look, I mean, thank you for the question. I think that the disparities you talk about between some of the You know, I guess probably more prolific universities in our state like UF and FSU versus FAMU and even from some of the, the younger universities like U-W-F-U-N-F, et cetera is something that when I was in the state legislature, we actually talked a lot about my last year in Tallahassee.


There was a project for the student services building and it was about a $25 million contract project. Myself and members on the Democrat side of the aisle. We worked with the leadership in Tallahassee and then Governor DeSantis to make sure that FAMU got the money they needed to build that project out completely. And so that's something specifically I worked on. I think going forward, You know that is something we gotta definitely address. I totally agree with that. So funding that is on par through all universities is important. I do agree. But we also have to address the realities that's pushing every high school student into college with the false reality that a college degree is gonna make you successful is not gonna help them help, help them for successful term because they're gonna be burdened with the cost of that degree, going to the real world and then realize, hold on, wait a minute, I can't get a job with the degree I have.


Not all degrees are the same. I believe personally an accounting degree, a finance degree, like I have an engineering degree, a law degree that has more economic value overall in the economy than a marketing degree, which I also have. Or a communications degree or a psychology degree or a philosophy degree, et cetera. If, you can get into psychology and make that work for yourself. So I think there's multiple layers to college education that we need to address. I wanna Go back a little bit. So you, you were arrested before for marijuana? Yeah. You're arrested for bank fraud. Yeah. You're also of Caribbean descent. Yeah, Jamaican. Yeah. When you hear Donald Trump talk about some of the other brothers that were arrested and taking out that full ad in the paper, or you hear them talking about Haitian people eating dogs and cats, you still stand by them and what they believe in If you do.


Why? Well, a couple things first, because you're Given a second chance because like Oh yeah, like, like we should have, like you should have been. But yeah, You know. Why do you still stand by them? If, you do. Well, I think you also gotta acknowledge that when he was president, he also did the first step act, which undid a lot of the issues with the 94 crime bill that a lot of politicians, including the current president we're four. He undid that when he was president of the United States. I think second chances are important in, in society. I think everybody's afforded them. You know what happened with the Central Park five. I was probably sixth, seventh grade, eighth grade when that was going down in New York. Yeah. I can't really speak to that. But what I also could, it was all Over the paper. Oh, I know. It was all, it was everywhere. You couldn't escape it around The same means. And we've seen it everywhere. You, you Couldn't escape it. But what I would also add is that in 2000, Donald Trump was a member of the Reform Party.


Most people don't talk about this. He was a member of the Reform party. When David Duke joined the reform party. He left and he famously said, I can't be associated with that party. 'cause they let David Duke come in. That man as a Klans, when he bought Mar-a-Lago, he desegregated Mar-a-Lago. But at the time when he bought it, only white people were allowed in Mar-a-Lago, he desegregated, that allowed black people and Jewish people to be a, be a part of Mar-a-Lago. So I think that when you start going down the road of the past, you have to take a man in his totality. I know the man today. And then when you couple that with the economic policies, the energy policies, the foreign policy, we have to acknowledge the reality that in The World today, the United States is in the midst of two conflicts, not directly, but indirectly. We just sent troops over into the Middle East because of the growing conflict with our ally Israel having to essentially secure its its sovereignty and its protection from Hezbollah and Hamas.


Well, when Donald Trump was president, we didn't have to do any of that. So I acknowledge the stuff that you're talking about that happened in the past, but I think you have to take a man on the full record. And when he was president, he did release a lot of black people from prison. He did that. He did try to reform some of the criminal justice system. He did that as well. So that that work is just as important as something that might, he might have said back during the Central Park fight. On this same point, you talked about taking the man in his totality. Yeah. So do you think Donald Trump should be held accountable for his role in the January 6th insurrection? First of all, I would tell you that everybody's responsible for their own actions. Just like I'm not gonna blame friends or blame anybody else for the things I've done wrong in my life. I'm not gonna put that on him.


Donald Trump authorized 10,000 National Guard troops. I'm on the oversight committee. He actually authorized 10,000 troops on January 4th, two days before January 6th, obviously. So if you're gonna say that you incited an insurrection, how are you also gonna authorize 10,000 National Guard troops to be at the Capitol? Are you inciting or are you not? Because the record is he authorized the troops. Nancy Pelosi and Muriel Bower, the mayor of DC did not want the troops at the capitol. Mario Bowzer signed a letter on, on January 5th, one in the National Guard troops to be on traffic duty in dc. Now here's the funny thing about January 5th, 2021 is that nobody was in DC because DC's rules around COVID-19 had the entire city shut down. The streets were empty during this time.


So the National Guard that was authorized by Donald Trump were on traffic duty when there, there was no traffic when they could have been at the capitol. That's the history of January 6th. So your question is, well, did he, did he incite a riot? Well, I never seen somebody incite a riot. I, but Angela Said, hold on And I, because I know And I don't wanna cut you off. I one point I'm make one. But here's, here's the main thing, because we can actually go past qualified immunity because this is the place where you've refused to answer both on Donald Trump's accountability and on the law enforcement that you love so dearly. Right. What we know is that he's seeking full immunity, like the same immunity he, how he now has because of the Supreme Court because of the corruption of the Supreme Court, we have now gone beyond civil presidential immunity to criminal presidential immunity.


He would like to give that same immunity to law enforcement. True or false? Well, let's, let's expand that a couple things. True or false? You can't ask a true or false. Angela. Angela, because you gotta explain the details. No, see this the problem, I don't want You to explain the details. 'cause when you explain the Details, details, you don't Want, Angela, the details of what? The things that matter. You gotta explain the details to do. Or then you just talk you And then explain. Do that If, you don't If you don't explain the details, then you're just talking. Yeah. You don't wanna say that because You know that it's not true. So let's, That is not true. You want a true, a false statement. Congressman, I wanna know, I Don't wanna argue with you. I wanna explain the facts In This country. Angela, I don't wanna argue with you, but explain I to know facts. You know if you've ever experienced racism in this country. Congressman? Yeah. Actually I have.


Okay. Do you believe America's a racist country? No, I don't. So please tell me how America's not a racist country. Max Bankman. I'm the new doctor. Welcome aboard The Odyssey. A B, C. Thursdays 'cause ship is heaven. We're attending to our past, our dreams. I'm in from 9 1 1. Executive producer Ryan Murphy. Comes a splashy new drama on a luxury cruise ship with Joshua Jackson and Don Johnson. It's your job to keep everyone alive. She's in Vfi. 1, 2, 3. Clear. I have a pulse. You're going to be okay. Dr. Odyssey. Thursdays nine eight Central on a, B, C, and stream on Hulu.


The. World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information seen, Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Looking for the perfect night's sleep. Brooklyn Bedding has you covered with over 25 years in the mattress industry, Brooklyn Bedding combines top tier comfort and quality without the hefty price tag. Every mattress is designed and assembled by master Craftsmen, ensuring expert oversight. Plus they have a factory in Arizona and ship conveniently to your front doorstep for free. Choose from a range of firmness levels, heights and dimensions, including non-traditional sizes to find the perfect mattress fit for your needs. And with a 120 night sleep trial on all mattresses, you can rest easy knowing your making the right choice. Visit brooklyn betting.com to learn more and take advantage of their 25% off site-wide sale going on now.


High Five Casino. High five. Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits@highfivecasino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High Five Casino is a social casino, no purchase necessary void, book prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com. Five five. Casino


Moments like my daughter telling me a new joke mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away, If, you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain before taking Ibrance. Tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


First thing I would say is that our past is a dark one. It really is. We can't, we can't walk away from that. We had whole laws that were subjugating black people in the south of this, of this nation for decades after the Civil War. We can't walk away from that one. I believe that in America, we have great people in this country. And we have some people, quite frankly, that even I can't stand. But they're the vast, vast, vast minority of people in our country. Most people just wanna live in harmony and peace. That's what they, that's what they really want. That All right, we got more with Congressman Byron Donalds. When we come back, it's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's JNV Jess, Larry Charlamagne, the guy We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren la Rosa. Filling in for Jess. We're still speaking with Congressman Byron Donalds From Florida.


Angela Rye. So speaking of moving underneath the feet of the parties, you wanna talk about policy? And so I want to just play quickly what you said about reparations. I Don't believe in reparations. Well then you don't, the black community, so you don't, you don't believe in reparations. Oh wow. Why did y'all play the rest of the clip? Man, I was on fire during that one. Nah, because Byron, I think it's important for people to get your yays and nays. Just like you have to do on the house floor. You have to take a up or down vote on an issue. You took a down vote on this and you haven't supported HR 40. So If, you wanna talk about the complexities of reparations, whether or not there should be a study in this country.


You again have said that this country's not racist. And even though it's ha it has a dark pass. It doesn't sound like you think it has a dark present. You have not sponsored that bill. You haven't co-sponsored that bill. Why not? Well, A couple things. One, that's why I wish you played the clip. 'cause I actually went to very detail explain, but I'll a couple things is, alright, how many people in the United States today are actually descendants of slave owners? Forget descendants of slaves. Let's, let's hold that to the side. Descendants of slave owners. You've had massive immigration into the United States over the last 150 years. So now you're, you're gonna say that people who immigrated to the United States, who are not descendants of slave owners, were not descendants of that trade. Now they're gonna be responsible for paying that out going forward.


My mother's Jamaican, my father's Panamanian. You have a lot of black people in this country who are not descendants of the American slave trade. So I already know off top, there's a lot of black people in, in, in America who aren't going to be able to get that kind of benefit or, or get reparations. Well, most people who are for reparations, they feel like it should go to what they call foundational Black Americans anyway. And And I agree with that point. I agree with that point, but I'm just saying, I'm just laying out these are the reasons for why, why I'm no, so why I'm sitting out. They do support Reparations for what Leonard just deemed as quote, foundational black Americans. No, no, no. I I I don't, no And I. But I wanna explain that. Okay. I wanna explain that. And so that's why you have a lot of people saying, okay, well then what are we going to do? And so my fo my view is, is that what you do going forward is this why you have to have wholesale changes and economic medical policy, et cetera, so that the, the ability to access various parts of our economy and grow in our economy work for everybody, including people in our country who are quote unquote foundationally black.


Now, let me translate to what's happened in California. So there was a bill in California for reparations, the California assembly, which is massively Democrat. They didn't move that bill. They could have moved that bill. When they were asked why they weren't moving that bill, they, they tuck tail and turned and turned and ran away. They didn't even have the, they didn't even have the guts to actually answer that question. So I'm here with y'all, I'll tell you why I'm a enough, but you have Democrats who will say they're for something, but when it comes time to actually do it, they're not there for you. They run away. They don't answer the question. Or, and to be blunt, like the current vice president, not answering a lot of questions, but she did say that she's for reparations. What do you want black people to have bar? I want 'em to have everything. I want 'em to have access to, to everything that this nation can do when it's running. Right. How do, why do that? So why, yeah, why be against the legislation that provides that then?


Yeah, because you have a situation now where the real question is, do you need an affirmative action today? Not did you need affirmative action? The answer to that is a hundred percent yes. You absolutely needed it. The question is, in 2024. In 2028, in 2032, do you need that? Now? I would argue the thing you need more now is you gotta have equality in terms of the level of academic attainment for young black kids. What a young black kid needs more now than anything today is to be able to read and write, read at, read at grade level, write at grade level, do math at grade level, and frankly and beyond. That's what they need to do. You know bar, I don't disagree with you, but I just don't trust white supremacy that much. Yeah. I'm thinking I feel like you need that type of legislation.


I feel like you need those guardrails in place to make sure To protect. To protect, yes. And to make sure those type of things happen. You coming outta Brooklyn, you don't, you don't like, that doesn't register with you. Of course. Because you talked about your mom had movie, a private school. So why now? Like, 'cause the kid that had to be moved out of that public school to a private school. Yeah. Because you said that you were being trapped in a failing school. Yeah. You know that those schools, a lot of them are still failing. So why do You know? But you, you think that if we get these things and we put these people in place, that you are mentioning that all of that will just change. Like I don't, we know that it doesn't even work that fast. Well, even if people wanted to, let Me put it this way. 'cause You know Charlamagne, you brought up the port about you think that you need those to guard against white supremacy? Well, I would argue, is it white supremacy to lock kids in failing schools, to not give them an option to go to find an academic environment that suits their interests?


I would argue that it would be white supremacy to basically move millions of people into our country illegally on purpose and have them overwhelm our systems Here in New York City, the system is overwhelmed. We already know that. Why think that's just a one party problem though? Like, I feel like the You know what's been happening at the border has been happening under so many different administrations. So has Red redlining has too. No, redlining is not just One, hold on, stop. Not, not like this. Not like this. Under Donald Trump, there are about 2.4 million people that came into the country illegally under Joe Biden and Kamala Harris. That number is easily 10 million. That's what they know of. It's probably more like 15 million because it's people that came through the border. It's not even, it's not even the same thing. Hold on, I'm gonna make my point. I'm gonna, my point, we talked about financial regulatory policy, access to capital.


I would argue it actually upholds the pillars of quote unquote white supremacy to not have free flowing access to capital in the United States. So if you're a black person trying to find a way to raise money for your business, it is harder for you because you just don't even have as many avenues to go to. But the policies I advocate for the ob, the policies that conservatives advocate for is actually loosening up the ability for kids to find a school of their choice, putting their parents at the head of the line, giving their parents the ability to make that purchasing decision. My mom made a purchase decision for me when it was very hard for her to put the resources together. She was barely making ends meet to do that. But she loved me, did that for me. I think if you're gonna fund public education, fund the parents' ability to make that decision so they can decide where their, where their kids go.


That's some of the policy I think Charlamagne that gives all families, especially black families, black mothers, black fathers, the ability to have their kids go further in America than anything before And I don't think that I, I mean, I'm, I'm not against that. I'm just also not against putting something in place that like makes sure that when that fails, because it's so many people and it will, it's already doing it right now. You trust white people more than we do You know that You know what I mean? It's just like, why not have something that comes in and says, okay, this kid from Brooklyn can get to go to that school because that mom didn't get that money. However, that kid is still smart and should be able to go to that school. It's who I don't trust is I don't trust bureaucrats. And, I don't trust politicians coming in here saying, I'm gonna invest blah, blah, blah billions and it's gonna do this.


Then when you turn around later, there was no investment. Or the agencies or the administrators don't know what the hell they're doing to invest that money anyway. I'd rather give people those opportunities directly. I'd rather give people those resources directly. I'd rather make sure that the rules are clear and understood by everybody so people can make decisions. Nothing's perfect. I grant you that we are all imperfect people. So the institutions we put up are gonna be imperfect. There's going to be failures along the way, but centralizing everything in Washington is an absolute goddamn disaster. What do you Say people, people that say that look like you, you, you don't support people that look like you and that you, you said that against. I mean, you said racist racism doesn't agree or doesn't, it's not in this country.


Talk about a lot of things. So a lot of people don't feel like that. You're actually for the people that you look like, I'm for everybody, man. Including the people I look like. Not for everybody. I'm talking about the people that that you look like. But I'm for them too. I'm a hundred percent I want people to privacy. See, listen, listen. I came up from nothing. I'm to be blunt with you. I'm not even supposed to be here. We talked a little bit about my past, the things that I've done wrong, et cetera. The fact that I'm in this position now really is by the grace of God. So what I want is for people to thrive and succeed. But what I also know, when you're talking about economics, when you're talking about public policy, the reality is you gotta have it set up so everybody can thrive and succeed in that vehicle. Black people can thrive and succeed. All we got more with Congressman Byron Donalds. When we come back, it's The, Breakfast, Club.


Good morning. Morning everybody. We are The Breakfast Club. It's D-E-J-N-V, Jess, Larry Charlemagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is filling in for Jess and we have Angela Rod with us this morning. We're still kicking it with Congressman Byron Donalds from Florida. Angela As a black man, how are you not concerned with the agenda that is proposed by Project 2025? To be blunt, I'm not concerned about it because nobody in the Trump campaign or Donald Trump himself is even talking about it. To be blunt with you, Angela, none of us have even read it. So here's the problem, right? I get it. This Is so none of us is you're saying that the 25 of the 30 chapters that were written by his former staff, and at least 140 people who worked for Donald Trump haven't touched it.


Are you now distancing yourself from those people? I'm happy to name names, including Stephen Miller, who I know you're very familiar with, was a very senior, yeah. Official in the Trump administration. And I. Know that we're clear about the fact that you guys are not naming it anymore because it's kind of become the boogeyman of this campaign, right? I think y'all might have to start saying Project 2025, to be honest with you. I mean really like distance yourself. That's what Donald Trump has done. He's distanced himself every single time. Every time he's asked about it, he goes, I have nothing to do with it. I don't even know what, But Donald Trump isn't here today, Byron. I know. I Hold on. Now let me, do you feel with it? You like it? I haven't read it. So this is the thing Charlamagne, I haven't even Read. So I just named what it does. Angela, first of all, with all due respect, I like to read things for myself before.


That's smart You. know what I'm saying? And that's, it's all due respect to you. But I wanna read everything for myself before I make a judgment. I will tell you that like the Heritage Foundation, there are think tanks all through Washington. You have the Center for American Progress and all these other think tanks. Yeah, they all do a bunch of policy prescriptions. They all do a bunch of programs and projects. I think the UN has something called Project 2030. That's a UN project that's going on right now. What I do know is that Heritage Foundation or any other policy group is not sent in policy for Donald Trump. Donald Trump setting policy for Donald Trump. He's a So Are you gonna distance yourself from the Heritage Foundation as well? Byron? Are you saying that this Is myself, Angela. I'm not a part of the Heritage Foundation. I haven't read it.


So there's not something I'm ascribing to or supporting in it. Nobody on the Trump campaign, to my knowledge, including President Trump hasn't. They have not read it. They're not subscribed to it. There are people who work in presidential administrations on Capitol Hill. They go to think tanks. They write up white papers all the time. That does not mean that what they write up actually becomes law. And so that's the point I'm making. So for Vice President Harris's campaign to be talking so much about Project 2025, which Donald Trump isn't even a part of, has not subscribed to, has not said, this is my plan. When you can go to his website and you see the policies he wants to support, which he's In lockstep with Project 2025 When You know, no, it's not, Angela, you need to stop now. Don't. Or you can read Thet Republican. No, I don. Or you can read the Republican platform, which Donald Trump actually changed at our convention this year, which is the policy sets of our party and what we are ascribing to and what we want to do as a party.


I think that's where voters need to go. Trump, if There's no distinction between Project 2025, the Republican platform and Donald Trump's campaign platform, how can you distance yourself from Project 2025? I Got, I got a different question because Trump has disavowed project. I'm seeking an Answer. But he did praise the Heritage Foundation a lot for years of co. Yeah. I mean, yeah, we all have praised the Heritage Foundation, but that doesn't mean we agree with that work that Heritage did. But here's my question. What does Kamala Harris actually wanna do? Because let's talk about her economic plans that she's come out. I'm gonna go through a couple of 'em. She says she wants to tax unrealized gain. She wants to do price gouging or go after price gouging. Well, how are you gonna do that? Because when you do that, what you're actually gonna do is put downward pressure on prices in our country.


When you do that artificially, what you create is scarcity of product. So what is what that, what is that? What that means is you're gonna have poor people in our country who are gonna have less access to goods and services. 'cause rich people are gonna get their goods and services no matter what. They have the access points, they're gonna get 'em. So you're gonna have less product for poor people in our country. She had a thing about she wants to do $25,000 for a new home, for new first time home buyers. I think that's great. Well, no it's not. Because what's gonna happen is it's gonna increase the cost of housing $25,000. Because if You know every first time home buyer has $25,000 from the government in their back pocket, you as the seller, you're gonna be like, Ooh, wait a minute. Every seller writ large is gonna be like, You. know what? Well then I can increase my price at $25,000. It's gonna have a upward trajectory shot on housing costs in our country, which is the thing we don't need in America.


Those are three economic policies. I know we're not willing to work. That's not like a hypothetical. Yeah, yeah. Why would it increase that if somebody gets 25,000 from the government to purchase their, let's say there's 3000001st time home buyers in the United States of America. They all have an additional $25,000 of purchasing power. You do have a situation where every seller in the country is gonna realize, oh shoot, is this a first time home buyer? Well, I know you have an additional 25. When you provide that type of stimulus into an economy, what you end up doing is you increase prices and whatever that, that, whatever that economy is. She says she wants to build 3 million new homes. How are you gonna do that? Let me, let me explain why. Environmental policy built at the federal and state level makes it much harder to build housing.


Whether you believe in, in, in climate change or not. Weather, rising energy efficiency, all of those regulations has made it more expensive to build housing. If the federal government says, okay, now we're gonna go for 3 million new homes. Okay, well, how's that gonna work? Are you gonna change the regulatory burden for building those new homes? Are you not gonna have a disjointed regulatory burden between the Federal House and one built in the private sector that that's not smart. You can't do that. So if you're not gonna change the regulation, you're just gonna pump more money into the system. What you're gonna do is you're gonna push up the cost for the materials to build housing, which is gonna make it more expensive, not less expensive. And so If, you take advantage of the home that Kamala built for you, great for you.


But for the entire economy writ large, it's not gonna be good because the cost of housing is gonna go up on everybody. Alright, Well I got one real quick, just JD Vance, where are you at? Like, how do you feel about where he is now and where he's taking the party to? Because You, was you in the running for VP at one point? Yeah. That Was crazy. I know you stayed off Twitter that day when they announced it wasn't you. Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. It was good. You know. I told President Trump, I was like, man, whatever you do is whatever you do. But jd, I think J d's hit his stride. And I think it's gonna be a really important debate for the country to start hearing about all these different policies in detail, the way Angela And I are going back through policy. I think that's important. Well, Angela, I think j d's doing good. You know. No, you again, victory is what matters. He's not doing it. He's actually terrible. He's actually, he's, he's, he's very Well, Charlotte, come on Charlotte.


He's actually done so much more damage to that, to that ticket. I, he should have made Nicki Haley, the VP Cat. You heard Cat lady and say, yo, he's in his stride right now. He's terrible. The cat lady thing. I mean, I don't agree with that man. He just made, I don't agree. I don't agree with that. Haitian cats that came from him too. Cats and do, yeah, I don't, I don't agree with that either. I just don't. And I And. I'm serious about that. Lemme tell you something. I'm serious about that. I, that's the one thing I, one thing I do, one of the things I respect about Republicans is that they ride with each other. They'll ride with each other. Real fall off, bro. That's how we feel about, that's how we feel about Democrats. Man. Don't nobody that's, that's 'cause Eric came at them. Well, I don't wanna go about that. I'm gonna leave that alone. I don't know what happened in the Eric's situation. They were riding with Joe Biden until he realized that You know he wasn't with us.


And the second they realized he wasn't with us. Let's be real about this. Joe Biden was the nominee. If that debate in Atlanta two weeks ago didn't happen, or, or two months ago didn't happen, we'd be talking about Donald Trump. Joe Biden. The only reason that they got rid of Joe Biden is because his poll numbers were cratering. And not just for him, for Senate, Democrat, Republican, for Senate Democrats, and for and for house Democrats. And when they looked at their numbers dropping, then that's when they were like, man, show the old dude the door. We, we gotta move on. Well, I'm glad they made the right decision. And I. Wish somebody in the Republican party would do the same. 'cause y'all can do much better than Donald J. Trump. Nah, we gonna be good man. We gonna make America great again. Don't worry about it. Yeah. Oh Lord. Well it's Congress to what year? It's Congressman Byron Donald, appreciate you for joining us, Bro. Man, appreciate y'all man. It's The Breakfast Club.


Jim Crow. Oh, come on. Stop. See, there you go. Owning everybody we are. The, Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the mess with Lauren. La Rosa Music is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. She don't spare nobody, bro. Why Jess world mess on The? Breakfast Club. She's a coach with Lauren. Lauren LaRosa. I'm back. And. I got the mess. Talk. Talk to me. So Dikembe Mutombo legend sadly passed away yesterday of brain cancer. At age 58, Adam Silver actually released a statement. And in that statement, he made highlights about how Dikembe was simply larger than life on the court.


He was one of the greatest shot blockers in the defensive players in the history of the NBA. That's right. He says, off the floor, he poured his heart and soul into helping others. Some of his stats that Kimbe played from 91 until 2009, he played for the Denver Nuggets. Atlanta Hawks, the 76 ERs, the Nets, New York Knicks, Houston Rockets eight times, all Star, four times winner of the NBA defensive player of the year award. Two time rebound leader, six time all defensive team, three time black leader. He also dedicated his life to things outside of the NBA. He was really big on helping his home country. And he created a foundation in 1997 within this foundation.


He opened up a hospital in a school through the charity. And he also served as a first global ambassador for the NBA. That's right. Yeah. Resting peace. So send in a resting piece to him as well. I did mention that he passed away of bring brain cancer. Cancer, cancer. Yeah. Okay. All righty. Now, next we have Diddy in conversation again. So this time You know, just a quick update. You know that Diddy keeps being told he has to stay locked up until he goes to court. No bail. No bail. He's due back in court on October 9th. So yesterday Diddy's team filed a notice in some documents asking for a third attempt at trying to get bail. This time around though, worth mentioning, Diddy has brought on two new lawyers.


One of the lawyers, his name is Anthony Rico, also known as Tony. He is known as one of the finest trial lawyers in the country. That's how he's told it. Alexandra Shapiro, she's not related to Robert Shapiro. Okay. The famous attorney. But she's known as one of the best appellate lawyers. Appellate lawyers, I'm sorry. Practicing today. Now Anthony has successfully represented an NYPD officer charged with killing an unarmed man. I don't know who this man is, but this is what New York Post, like this is like the tagline for him on New York Post. And then Alexandra, she is currently working right now on the Bankman Frees appeal. That's the, the co-founder, the founder of the crypto FTX stuff that got locked up for fraud.


That's His bunkie. That's his roommate. Right? Well, I don't know if that's confirmed. There were reports that they were gonna up That's what they were saying. Yeah. It wasn't, yeah. Now background on this. You remember that He was arrested September 16th. So this has all been coming since then. This was six months. September 16th. The arrest was six months after the agents, the federal agents ran into his homes in LA, Miami. And he was charged with sex, sex trafficking, racketeering, conspiracy and transportation to engage in prostitution, which he's pleading not guilty to. And we are being told that he's gonna stand 10 toes down on, he does not wanna take a plea. And he plans to testify for himself. Now another court news. Y'all don't got nothing to say on Diddy today. Y'all let him rock today. We say the same thing over and over.


Exactly. It wasn't nothing funny in there. I didn't hear. No, I mean, I could, I coulda did something with the Bunky thing, but I, eh, You know. So It teeth, we, We we Can, we can move on. Okay. Now another news. YSL. The YSL Rico Young. I seen that yesterday. Yep. Yes. Was back in court yesterday.


Max Bankman. I'm the New doctor. Welcome aboard The Odyssey. A BC Thursdays. This ship is heaven. We're attending to our past, our dreams. I'm in from 9 1 1 Executive producer Ryan Murphy. Comes a splashy new drama on a luxury cruise ship with Joshua Jackson and Don Johnson. It's your job to keep everyone alive. Season's in vfi. 1, 2, 3. Clear. I have a pulse. You're gonna be okay. Dr. Odyssey Thursday's nine eight Central on a, B, C, and stream on Hulu.


The. World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple called play and a panoramic moon roof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent, prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


High five, Casino High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account. Hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High Five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void. Book prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com. High five casino


Moments like my daughter telling me a new joke mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away. If, you have new or worsening symptoms including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain before taking Ibrance. Tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


This is Coke zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly, tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar. The best Coke ever. Try and decide.


Now this case has had so many twist turns ups and down not miss trial yet. I don't understand why, why in miss trial yet? I don't understand why that's court. What what's Going on here with the judge? She about to not be mistrial. She pissed off. I don't know, but so basically what happened yesterday, judge Paige, Reese Whitaker, who is one of multiple different judges 'cause they've had to interchange judges. She got so upset at the district attorney. The district attorney's name is Adrian Love. Let's take a listen to the judge. It is baffling to me that somebody with the number of years of experience that you have time after time, after time continues to seemingly, purposefully hide the ball to the extent you possibly can for as long as you possibly can.


And I really don't want to believe that it is purposeful. But honestly, after a certain number of times you start to wonder how it could be anything but that. Unless it is just that you are so unorganized that you are throwing this case together as you try it. And, I am sorry to say that. But this case is being made much more difficult for everybody. Now lemme tell y'all this case right now. Thug's case is known as one of the longest trials in state history. This is ridiculous. I thought it was the longest. It's not the longest. Yeah, That's what I mean. I'm sorry. The longest trial in state history right now. As of right now.


So what happened after this was be, so first of all, let's back up. So she got upset because the district attorney tried to enter hearsay evidence via a witness. Now You know anytime any evidence is entered into a courtroom, it has to be a discussion. Discovery has to happen. Both sides are supposed to know what's going on. Hearsay is always hard to bring into a courtroom. They acting Like Twitter. They literally acting like social media. That's exactly, they literally acting like social media. Hearsay, rumors, gossip. This person said this. This person said that. I believe this happened. I saw this on YouTube. Like, what's going on y'all? Right. So that's why the judge got so upset. Thug's lawyer was like, You know what? Mistrial right now. Right now. The judge denied the mistrial. The judge denied a mistrial. She said that she was denying it because she didn't believe the DA actually was trying to get a mistrial.


She's just because she doesn't believe the DA wants to retry the case. Again, the judge is saying she hopes that this is just poor lowering. I don't know why the, they're getting so much grace in this. That's just crazy. That's What I don't understand. Like social media knows every damn thing. Right? Everybody be a ex-lawyer on social media. You know you got all these cyber counselors, but can't nobody tell me why this is not a mistrial. So what is this then? Because this, this isn't normal. No idea. And so what Is this at this point? And there's no end date. Like right now it's like we don't even know when this is going to end. Like it's just going to keep going and keep going and keep going and keep going. But I And The fact that they wouldn't need, they, they can't, they not even gonna grant Jeffrey A. Bond. Nope. Thug. Yeah. Like Thug. Thug should have been, had a bond. Like why should he have to deal with all of this for the last, well it's been two years, right?


Two Years. It's been a long time. Yeah. He was so young. Thug was arrested in May of 2022 on these charges. Yeah. Two and a half years. Yeah. I don't know. It's just If they, if they haven't built a case by now, it clearly tells me they don't have one. Well, they're Trying as it's going On now. But you came through the cases, you go along. That's What the judge just said. Judge said, how you building a case as we going on? Yeah. I don't Understand. But it's a third judge by the way. Yes. That's, I'm saying it's been different judges. It's been, remember his attorney was like, I'll stay in jail with my client. It, this is literally people making documentaries. They need to do this one because it it this, this needs to be a documentary. Yeah. This right here has been a case to watch. It's all, it's every single day on Twitter. It's something new. So that's it for the hour. So much court. Alright.


Everybody's in court. Well That was just with the mess with all La Rosa Charlamagne. Yes, sir. We giving that down for Too, man. There's a man named Jesse Michael Johnson. He needs to come to the front of the congregation. We would like to have a word with him. He practices what we call voyeurism. Jesse Michael Johnson. Yes. Jesse Michael Johnson. Guess what? All right, we'll get, get to it next. Not head. You got early on it. Alright. All right. We'll get to it Next at The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning, you are checking out. The. Breakfast. Club. You be a fake ass. Charna. Some donkey days. Just Saw themselves been watching Charlotte. Man, I was ready for donkey. I never heard on donkey other day. What is it? Donkey. Say it again. Charlamagne. I'm a donkey. Yes, you're a donkey.


Donkey. Everything. And Charlamagne is saying is true. Donkey today for Tuesday, October 1st goes to an Arizona man named Jesse Michael Johnson. Now Jesse is 28 years old and he was accused on three counts of voyeurism and three counts of disorderly conduct. Now what is voyeurism for those who don't care to use chat GPT or Google. Voyeurism is the practice of gaining sexual pleasure from watching others when they are naked or engaged in sexual activity. Well, old Jesse was arrested after allegedly crawling under several women's cars for his sexual gratification. You heard what I said. This man, Jesse was allegedly caught via camera surveillance at a superstar car wash in Arizona hiding under women's cars.


So he can get a little peek. Let's go to Fox 10 for the report please. Court documents alleged 28-year-old Jesse Johnson of Chandler was seen crawling under three women's cars at the superstar carwash in Gilbert where police say he would hide out there for several minutes looking at and possibly recording their feet. It's something Johnson has been arrested for before in Nebraska in 2016 and 2017, Johnson told law enforcement at that time that he's sexually attracted to women's feet and that he sometimes cannot control his sexual desires. Regarding this. On August 29th, employees at that superstar car wash at Emmett and Riggs Roads, they say Johnson got his car washed three times that day and he would park next to women who were vacuuming their SUVs. And through surveillance video and working with Gilbert Police, the employees had a partial plate and they were able to keep a lookout when Johnson came back.


And that's how police were eventually able to track him down and arrest him. Yep. That's me, Jesse Johnson. You're probably wondering how I got here. By here I mean jail. See, I've told you all a million times, destiny is not a matter of chance. It's a matter of choice. And some people on this planet are just hornier than others. And it's that type of horniness that leads to things like freak offs or leads to things like Jesse jerking under a Jaguar. Okay? Masturbating under a Mazda, making Pearl Jam under a Prius. Alright, I just don't understand. As an able penis 28-year-old man, why do you resort to this? I remember the first time I masturbated, okay. I felt terrible. I felt terrible. I thought it was something I wasn't supposed to be doing. And I thought it was something that losers did because they couldn't get no P ppo and you cried.


I how? Stop. I didn't need to put that part of the story. I just wanna Make sure I was clear that you cried. Was that a public knowledge thing? If. you knew that told, I thought that was story before. Okay. Personally cry between each other. You cried like a little baby cry. Yes, I masturbated Poop and then I used the tears for, okay, but listen, what I was just telling you my feelings at the time, okay, but I was also a teenager. Lo and behold I was wrong. It is absolutely perfectly okay to season your own meatloaf. But what his actual loser behavior is what Jesse Michael Johnson was doing. Like rock bottom wasn't low enough for this man. He was playing his own game of limbo and it led him to go solo that he ended up under women's cars. I just don't understand how in 2024 one ends up underneath a Range Rover creating tartar sauce.


Rainbows, okay? There is literally nothing you can't find online. PornHub literally has a voyeurism category. You know how I know because I went to look for research purposes only. So I don't understand humans like Jesse Michael Johnson, who has a history of sex crimes. By the way, he told authorities in Arizona, as you just heard, that he is sexually attracted to women's feet and could not control his sexual desires once again. There is a category for that on PornHub You know how I know because I looked for research purposes only. But there is a whole feet porn category on PornHub Envy. Got a OnlyFans with his feet up there. Okay, Google it. That's not authorized though. That's you. Whatever. That's you. Okay? I'm about to Google that. It's he.


He does. I do. You don't have to take penitentiary chances for your kinks anymore. Okay? What's interesting about this story is according to the surveillance footage is after he would get a peek, he would go back and pretend to clean his tires. I know what you're thinking. What the hell was he using to clean his tires? And was he using the same lubricant to butt air as muffin and clean his tires? Okay. Wait. This man has more sexual history. In June of 2016, he was cited four times in Nebraska for allegedly hiding under cars and grabbing people's ankles. That's exactly what they gonna do to you in prison, Jesse. Except they're not gonna be under your car. They gonna pull up to your bumper.


Okay? Oil up your ankles and make your Tims tap. Jesse. I don't know what to say other than I wish he would've got You know ran over while he was under those cars. And clearly something is off with this man. But truly it's not women's feet he's attracted to. It's not voyeurism. I think this man is attracted to the undercarriage of cars. I believe this man's true calling is to be a mechanic. Okay? Looking at that undercarriage, it just does something to him. Okay? It's where the magic happens, don't it? Jesse? You've given a whole new meaning to the term splash shield. Okay? Splash shield usually protects the engine from dirt and water. You know the usual stuff you'd expect under a car, but nope. Jesse is adding sket to that equation. Okay? He's using the splash shield as his own privacy curtain.


All right, Jesse? The splash shield is doing his job by keeping things clean under the hood. Maybe you should take a hint, okay? And clean up your act. Please give Jesse Michael Johnson heavy on the Johnson the biggest. He haw Strange world we live in. Y'all. That Is correct. I that all new fans that you Looked up is not mine's. You find this page N No, I didn't find a page. I was as good. You saw envy feet? No, the first thing that popped up was somebody on YouTube. They, they talking about DJ Envy. He said DJ Envy scamming question mark. OnlyFans first date tips. That was the first thing that popped up. Yeah, somebody made the OnlyFans of my feet.


It's not mine. I don't get nothing. That's definitely, it's not me. That is Definitely, I get new pictures then. It's not, it's it's Pictures. Is it still active? Yes. I don't know. It wouldn't come up. I didn't see it. Can we go play a game? No. Now You won't play a game. You don't wanna play game. You ain't play on only fan Game after talking about your damn feet. My feet. I'm talking about Johnson. You're disgusted. I'm gonna HR right now. I can't take this anymore. I've had enough y'all. Did y'all just hear that? I'm the only person that heard that. It's Jesse Johnson. You asked me to play with his feet. And. I'm not playing with your feet. I'm not talking about my feet. I'm talking about my Johnson. I'm going to HR today and here's the holidays. I need another check. He Didn't say you're Johnson. He said Johnson. Nope. Well Nick Red, y'all coming with me.


Y'all in the room too. Y'all coming with me? Okay. Alright, Let's go Get paid heavy You. know what, What is going on? Let's Go get paid. Thank you for the donkey today. When we come back, Darnell Rollins will be joining us. Ashley, Larry will be here. We gonna talk to him next. And don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. CJ Nv gonna sit down. Jess, hilarious. Charlemagne the guy We are The. Breakfast. Club. Jess is on maternity leave. Long Ross filling in for Jess. We have a special guest that hasn't sit down and just walking around. Yo, have You seen, have you seen yourself? If y'all think We're just showing him his picture on the wall, I'm Here to play with y'all today. Well, God damnit, I'm not, let me show you. I don't wanna see shit.


They gave us questions. No, you don't have questions. I got a gift. Can I ask you a question? Did you, oh my God. Okay, okay. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Oh this one is special ones. I like that one. This one. Yours. Look, read it. Read. So where'd you get this from? Because this says see you at the car show. Who Car. That's car show. The streets told me who car show. The streets told me that baby oil is how ashy Larry, I know y'all became not ashy. Mm. Y'all are slippery and ashy. Larry, did you ever use baby oil instead of lotion? How many Bottles did? How many bottles do you Have? This is a weak supply for you guys. The boot. These are old Don. You see this picture Darnell in between Diddy legs on a yacht day.


Listen, that was daytime Let, that was daytime. 12 midnight between Diddy's legs. 12 midnight. He stayed between Diddy's legs on a yacht. You think he got all of that baby oil? Because he didn't bought. Okay, lemme explain. He didn't buy that baby oil. Lemme explain, lemme explain. That was the day party, right? That wasn't day. This was The day party. This was in the get back on yacht. That was a day party. I got the history behind that. That was a day party. Okay. And I'm not, first off, it's a very interesting situation to even bring this up, right. And I will tell y'all. And everybody knows And I know I'll be criticized for this. Yes. And You know. Did he throw some of the best parties you ever go to, but you ain't had be between his legs?


But listen, you leg between his leg. You gotta know I was between his leg. R Kelly flew you in. Wait, wait, wait. No. Get close. Get close up. Yo, you been trafficked. You, you Trafficked. You victim blaming. Alright, dinner party. Did you get traffic or Not? I victim blame. Have you Been groomed since Desert Storm? Are you, are you, have you been Groomed? You victim the question. I got a question. No evidence. My question. Who lap? Whose lap was better? Diddy's or Wendy's? I don't know What you're talking about. Wow. You did sit on Wendy's with that Charlamagne. You did sit on Wendy's lap. Don't, Whoa, whoa.


You're trying to, you're trying to, you're trying to skip the subject. What Did You, okay, what is the definition of traffic? I what? His definition. When somebody flies you out, I puts you on a boat with the, the both of y'all of y'all Was trying you on a boat with The intention of what? Sex. Okay. I don't know. After case with you? No. Wasn't you got flu? Yeah, we were doing a mix tape. And what did, did you ever see him? No. Did he have you in a special room? Yeah. Did he have issues? I had a no. No. Did you ever see him? No. So You, you are A victim. I'm not a victim. You got traffic tape. They said you got traffic to mud. You like a crossing guard now sir. Yo, that's what I'm saying.


How you get what song was playing when he, what song was playing when you was waiting in the room for him? I like this kind. No. What flew me out to do you supposed to do a Tape? Don't say float flu. No, he didn't. Flute flu You know what flew was. He were doing a mix tape. Bong bong, bong You know what flewed me. He was mixing it up. Did you complete the mix tape? No I did not. But Question was you sitting in between Diddy's legs before slipped was took I slipped. Or did you pose for this? I slipped. He posed. You were smiling. Was his hands up? He smiling? Yeah. Alright, lemme Explain. You slipped and you were smiling. Lemme You were here. Lemme, that was a trip in St. Martin. St. Bart some years ago. And he does a holiday party every year. You were there And. I was there. I was there with a lot, with a lot of other people. It wasn't, oh, now you Wanna snitch on other people. Oh yeah it was, it was Dave.


Hey this picture I'm snitching Y'all. Yo, it ain't just me. I don't know Russell Simmons. Yo yo, yo yo. It's the old, it's whole B squad. Right? So no, it wasn't no snitch. This is what you gotta understand. You got this party, you got that party and that party was a great party. My son was, my son was on that yacht with me. We had a great time. So I understand like now, If, you say you went to any party, you just assume it was the freak off. That's what, that it wasn't the case and we had a good time. You never Got invited to Freak off. But we don't say, I don't know what was in that vodka. 'cause it felt like I had a hole full of hair. Hair on that yacht. I don't know. It was something special in that vodka. I was, I felt light. Light-skinned for a second. So that's why you sat between his legs? No I didn't.


So he started like rubbing the fake hat? No, no, no, no, no, no. I didn't sit. Yo, he was braiding your fake hair. I yo you felt like you had hair. So you me between Legs, this is his knee, right? You were leaning in on his ties. His two knee. Wow. These are his two knees. There's one knee right there. What you talking about? Don't recognize that That ain't me. So Diddy was pretending to braid your hand. This is okay. So these are the needs. These are knees Needs. You're in between. That's somebody else that is not me. I what On hands on somebody else's needs. Crazy. But I'm just saying, okay, we can assume that every party he had is not a free party. And I will say that event was dope. And I had a good time. And I'm not gonna say free Diddy or anything, but that's all you All you gotta say, all you gotta say is free. Free. I had a great time. Free.


This is what you doing this not conversation. Just don't, don't, Don't do this. We are friends. Don't And. I. Stand by my friend. And you had a great time. I'm not judging you. I didn't say his. His lawyer said some stuff was consensual and You know I'm, we ain ain't judging you. Wow. And did your brothers, did you take your brother though? You know what my brother said. I will say my brother called me. He said I'm mad at you. No, he didn't say mean. He said, I'm mad at you. And when he talk like that, you gotta talk to him back like that. He said, I'm mad at you. I said, what you mad at me Paul? Right. He said, why you ain't, this is what my brother said. He said, why you ain't tell me about the Diddy party? He said, I would've signed a paper. And I would've brought my own oil. That's what my brother said.


Damn. He's about that life. Damn. He about that life. And he said he wanted flu. You too Evvy. He won flu. You since you getting flu Young, you hot out here in the streets since you get Flu. Oh my goodness. Why we can't talk about that. I wanna talk about you and Dr. Uma. You had Dr. Umma on your podcast. I did have, it was a great interview. And he, he tried to do an intervention with you? No doctors because you love first off snow bunnies. First off, you love snow bunnies. First off, on Easter, I've been known to hop. I'll just tell you, I on Easter. Yo yo. Only Easter. I, on occasion, I've been known to hop on Easter, but Dr.


Omar did do my podcast and it was a good, it was a good interview, but it was a conversation. Did he have an intervention with you? Huh? He didn't have an intervention. Okay. And this is what every interview, every platform, and this is what I wanted to do. Everybody has a sense of humor. Yep. But you didn't know if Dr. Omar has a sense of humor. He's one of the most funniest people alive. He outta all I see him. Is this part of his face being wrinkled up and yelling at somebody. Right? Yeah. Pan African American. What is it? Pan-Africanism. Happy Pan-Africanism. Yes. Whatever it is. Mad Tomato. Tomato, man. I got, got you got. But I did have conversation with, I was like, do he have a laugh? And the first thing when he, now you could go and, and If you subscribe to my YouTube page, the Donelle Rawling Show. It comes out this week. But I had a very good conversation with him because I said, every time you see him, it's always being angry.


How? Why can't you create dialogue with people that you don't necessarily agree with or disagree with without being upset? I, of course. And we had a great conversation. It was a great conversation. It's gonna be on my, my show. The Donne Rawlings Show on YouTube. Okay. That you don't subscribe to. So do you subscribe to Yeah, No, you don't, you don't. You lying Your phone up. Alright. Just see, this is what you to do. Go to the Donne Rawlings Donne Rawlings show and Subscribe. Oh this, see, this is a different one. I was Subscribe to this One. Yeah, do that. Yeah. All we got more with Donelle Rawlings when we come back. Don't move. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy Jess hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Darnell Rowling. Charlemagne. It's been seven months since your Netflix special now that some time has passed.


Yeah. Has it changed your career at all? I don't think it's changed my career, but I do think that it is, it gave people opportunity that wasn't familiar with me as a standup comedian to see that I'm a good standup. Okay. And you never know. It's like it's hit or miss with that. Some of those specials, it may be something that it pops and next thing You know, you are, you are a household name or you're being introduced to it. But it's hard. I, I, I notice the difference in my, my ticket sales also know when I go around people You know, show me a lot of love and say, I really appreciate it when you're gonna do it. Do the next one. But it, what if it, it was something that just said to my career. But And I tell people, even before the special drop, I was in a good place with selling tickets. People being familiar with me as a, what do you wanna say?


Actor, comedian. So it was another little notch on the belt. And I'm, I'm already working material. If I had that situation again to do another one, I did learn a lot by, and that's special. People always say, well, I seen them being funnier. I saw so and so. But in that moment, that day, in that moment, I thought I was the best that I could be. I thought It was, I thought it was pretty funny. Did you see some of the reviews that were out there?


Max Bankman, I'm the new doctor. Welcome aboard The Odyssey. A BC Thursdays. This ship is heaven. We're attending to our past dreams. I'm in from 9 1 1. Executive producer Ryan Murphy. Comes a splashy new drama on a luxury cruise ship with Joshua Jackson and Don Johnson. It's your job to keep everyone alive. Season's beef head. 1, 2, 3. Clear. I have a pulse. You're gonna be okay. Dr. Odyssey. Thursday's nine eighth Central on a, B, C, and stream on Hulu.


The. World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally kicks the dynamic. New exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


High five, Casino High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High five Casino is a social casino, no purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com.


High five casino


Moments like seeing my son's team cheer him on mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away. If, you have new or worsening symptoms including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain before taking Ibrance. Tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouth watering waterfall, irresistibly, tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice gold. Ah, is coke zero sugar the best Coke ever? Try and decide.


No, Because I see like for instance, rotten, rotten tomato gave you three tomatoes, right? Three Outta what? Three tomatoes. It's like you got nine Outta 10, right? Three. Yeah. Three outta oh, three outta five. Actually three stars outta five. That's not bad. That's average. I mean, You know I don't go by that. Guess who guess what? Rotten Tomatoes. No, I just wanna say this. Rotten Tomatoes gave Tyler Perry's last movie. Horrible reviews. But guess what it did in the box of office? And guess what it did for the people that know him. So You know I can take that with a grain of salt, but I'm here for it. Yeah, somebody They said, Ash, Larry cannot do standup. His jokes are probably taken from AI chat box with bad instructions. I laugh barely once. You don't let him be Talk to you like that. But You know what, but I was just say I loved it. I I thought It was great actually. No, continue. What are other comments? That was somebody, somebody said that it might not win any awards or hit top 10.


But I will say this and this. I know you fully. I, okay, here's the thing. What's wrong with that? That my special charted for three weeks on Netflix. Also, not that I won anything but the special, and this might not mean anything to my else, but it made denomination ballot for Emmy this year. So next, Congratulations. It didn't win. But the fact that, here's the thing, people are just, you're not gonna win. It didn't make till the next joint in this business. First thing you wanna do is be in a conversation with other people. If I could be in that conversation, that means somebody else is introduced to me. And, I can move on to it. Next question. Darnell. Too white. That's a thing. People Say that to you too. White. Yeah. You know what? I've heard that And. I'll tell you why. Oh real. I'll tell you. This is the reason why in this business, when we first started, especially Def Comedy Jam circuit, right?


We did not have a lot of outlets to showcase your stuff. So we had to create rooms, terminal D, the Manhattan Propers, the other club in Jersey. We had to make our own black pocket of comedy. We didn't wait for white people to say, oh, you come in here. And then a lot of communists in my era got labeled as a Def Jam act. Just completely def Jam If. you did Def Jam. It was hard to get booked in mainstream Real could be like this. Oh, he's a Def Jam act. He's gonna be doing, he's only gonna be talking about this. But I've been lucky enough that when I started, I realized that I need to do the Chitlin circuit. I need to do the black circuit. But I always was interested in doing mainstream in doing other stuff than just for black people.


And once in my community, once a comedian does that, and he has the crossover ability, I didn't say sellout, crossover ability. They assume that you are a white comic. They assume that. 'cause I have relationships with Joe Rogan and Bur Reers and those people from there. They assume that. But anybody that come to my show, you go to my show, you can't tell where my base is. Yeah. When you go to my show, you'll see Black, you'll see white, you'll see Asian, you'll see handicapped, you'll see he, she da and thems And I. And and I've been able to do that. And part of that is because I'm sure of it. My association with Dave Chappelle If, you go to a Dave Chappelle concert or show, it's a mixed group of people. But people don't remember Dave was, everybody thought he was the white comic.


And tell Chappelle show, I tell people all the time, there's no discredit. I was like, Dave, he was ahead of everybody when he started with a Robin Hood Men tights, whatever. Right? He was like the the chosen one. Whoop Goldberg, Mel Brooks, that was a fan. And for the most part the black community, they didn't know him like that. Nah, not the Chappelle show, but the college community like the NACA and everything. He was one of the biggest names on the college circuit. Right? And it was The Killing me softly was so big kill killing me softly. But really what broke him and You know it's a credit to the team that he put together. I would honestly say the Chappelle Show is really what gave him street creds when everybody saw that he was a beast. Yeah. And you got talent that go through that.


Chris, Chris Rock example, when Chris Rock was on SNL, he, I think he felt kind of similar to where I feel like, wait a minute, man, I'm Black You. know what I'm saying? Like yes, I appeal to these white people mainstream, but I need, that's why one of Chris Rock's biggest special was bigger and black. He had black. And the reason why he had something to prove, that's why he chose to put it at the, at the, at the Apollo. That's why he chose to come and let y'all know. I can do this for white people. But I don't care how crossover you are as a black comedian, nothing's going to ever make you feel as good as being able to entertain your own people. Shared likes the stuff that resonates, the stuff that you talk about growing up. But it's also something to be said that you can cross over.


I saw Teddy swims, hi. He was Happy News Control when I'm not next to you. I love that song. He saw you singing about Diddy and using Next, so anybody sing about Diddy? I said this something gonna controlling me lately. And I don't know myself anymore. Feels like The World is all closing it. Oh don't you do that? And the don't do that Devil don't you do that? How did my mind, how many times did I tell you not gonna come up And? I don't give a fuck. This is my last time up here. Are you a swifty still?


Well, hold on. Said Teddy said that was the top five moment of his life. Was what you singing that song on stage? You didn't see that? Yeah. I mean, yeah, he did. Yes. I wanna say he slid in my dm but heated for me with somebody. But it was good. I liked the song. The funny thing about it, black guy singing, being a fan of Teddy Swim and most black people don't swim. So that's very ironic. But I like his music. It's very passionate. And If, you listen to that album, I think that I, I might need therapy. I forget the name of it, but it was, that album reminded me of, it put me in the mindset of when Usher did Confessions, when Anthony Hamilton did like his joint, somebody that's actually going through it in their life and it resonate through their music.


He's a dope artist. I think that that album's only came out like last year's. I've tried everything but therapy. Yep. And I know you'll like that 'cause you're on that therapy. That's perfect. Yeah. You'll like a lot of those songs. You'll be like this. Oh my God, this is my life. Let's talk about your tour dates. Darn. Yeah, I got October the fourth. I'm gonna be at NJ Pac Victoria Theater New Jersey. Yeah. And then October, the October 10th and 12th improv Illinois 10th improv. I I got a whole bunch of dates. If, you go to improv Texas The weekend after. Yeah. If. you go to don rollins.com. It's all my days. I got, I'm booked up until 2025. And I will say this because the question is always alright. He just did a special, will it be any new jokes? The when the, the minute, the day that my special dropped, I was already 35 minutes into a new set.


So If, you come to see my show, you're not gonna get any repeat jokes. And it's gonna be, it's, it's gonna be fine. And, I'm, I'm, I'm on it. Make sure y'all go to donelle rolls.com for all his tour dates, man. Subscribe to the Don Rawlings show. It's a new podcast. It's a reality show by the podcast. October 4th, I'm at NJ PAC to Victoria Secret. Victoria Theater. Dick. God damn, what the hell? What more do you want from me? Goodbye Darnell. Peace Beat The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast Club. Jordan Ney. Did I say that name right? He's gonna be performing at Powerhouse NYC at the Prudential Center. Come on down to New York.


If, you are in the area. Catch a flight. It's gonna be him. It's gonna be gunna Sexy, red, A boogie, just to name a few Bossman. Dilo as well. Powerhouse NYC. Now let's get to just with the Mess with Lauren. La Rosa News is real. Jessica Robin Moore. Just Don't do no lying. She Don't spare nobody Worldwide mess on The Breakfast Club. She's the coaches. Lauren, Lauren la I back. And, I got the mess. Talk, talk to me. So Carnie B went live. She said she was You know, just relaxing until she got on her flight from Paris back over here into the States.


And she wanted to talk a little bit about when she found out she was pregnant with her, with their most recent baby girl. Let's take a listen to Cardi. I woke up one morning and my mouth tasted like copper. So I was like, oh my gosh, this only happened to me when I'm pregnant. Me and my baby dad, we were in very bad terms. I still called them to it. And I was like, Hey, I'm pregnant. And we kind of laughed about it. 'cause it's like, what the fuck? That's so random. I'm thinking to myself like, I'm like, all I am like six weeks pregnant, probably seven weeks pregnant. I don't know. 'cause I know for a fact I only had sex in Valentine's Day and before I got my surgery. Next thing You know, when I get to New York, And I go to my O-B-G-Y-N.


And as she's doing my sonogram, she's like, oh my gosh. And like where she said, oh my God, like so loud like that. I was like, what the, I got twins or something. Like, she's freaking me out. When I said that, she was like, you are not like seven weeks pregnant or six weeks pregnant. I'm like, what? She's like, you are like 17 weeks pregnant. Mm Mm Yeah. So she found out, that's how she found out. And then she talks about the fact that she had actually went and got surgery on her body because she didn't know she was pregnant. And I did all that surgery and everything. For a long time. I was a little bit afraid because I was like, oh my God. Did did that ever affected my baby? Like I I, I, I got a whole surgery and everything.


But deep down in my heart I knew that I was gonna have a good baby because first thing, first my ob GYN was not playing. She sent me to the best places to make sure the baby was super, super healthy. And then second of all, like, its like I, like I said, I know for a fact that God sent me this baby himself and God wouldn't send me nothing that is, wasn't gonna be right. And then lastly, she talked about some of her insecurities when it comes to like dropping music and, and just different things she's doing right now. The critiques and the social medias and all that stuff. I have let that get in my head for a very long time. To the point that it has made me insecure with my own work, with my own accent, with my own self, with my own attitude.


Like it got to the point that pe some people that are close to me be like, yo, I don't even know you anymore. Like, it's like, this has never been you. When have you cared? When have you cared to, to drop shit? Like if, when have you care about having an accent in your music? When have you care about this? A lot of people be like, oh, it's your kids. She been delaying herself for the kids. The kids. And it is never really my kids. I have to take accountability that it's myself, And, I have to be more confident in myself. I do feel like the internet for a long time. I feel like that really traumatized me. And I went for a long time with the internet. Traumatizing me. Traumatizing me. And not getting like therapy for it. Stop listening to these digital d Headss on social media. That's just not for body. That's for everybody. Like these folks online are miserable and they want to make you miserable.


Who is the person on social media that gets positive feedback for anything? The fact that you even gotta think about it is the problem. Yeah. 'cause I was gonna say Oprah, but they be dragging her too. They be dragging Oprah. Whatcha talking About? I was about to say they be dragging sis, but I can't call, I can't talk about Oprah like that. Oprah, the court that Oprah eats babies. Yeah. On Top of pizza eats babies. She hates black men. Empanada, infants all day. Everything going together real bad. They hate black men. Hate black people. Like Yes, A beef fatty babies. But I, I will say, say yeah, I'll say she just gotta drop. I mean, Cardi knows the pulse of of what's going on. She's outside. So she's in those venues. She sees what people are rocking to. Yeah, I heard she does have the music. So now it's just a matter of just drop. She won already. Yep. Like, like she's really playing with house money at this point.


For real. Like, like, like she, she's actually putting an unnecessary expectation on the music, right? Yep. Like just, just drop. Yep. Yep. And let's start the podcast. The Black Effect iHeartRadio podcast is ready to make an offer. 'cause If, you gonna be You know, giving it up like that on social media. You might as well monetize. Oh she does These lives all the time. Lives and Twitter. Her ex spaces, she loves keeping people in tune. That would actually be really great for her. Let's just do the podcast. That would be so great for her. Okay. She needs to do it around the album. It doesn't even have to be long. In fact, she could take what she's doing on IG Live and we'll post it as a podcast. No, Charlotte, for real. Just She needs 30 minutes. 30 Minutes. No for Cardi. 'cause I know you be listening. Please call unc because I'll be so fired around the album. 'cause I'm sure each song has such a story.


And she was talking about too, how everybody was on her like, oh, you hide in the pregnancy, you hide in the pregnancy. She's like, I really just didn't know for so long. She said even her parents were like, You know, we know you're pregnant, right? And she was like, please don't put no more pressure on me. I just found out. So it wasn't this master scheme, like all of the fans and all that You know they that they thought it was moving on. Dane Dash, Jay-Z Y'all remember a few weeks ago we reported about the city of New York, the social services department filing all these different motions and going back and forth with Jay-Z's attorney on dam's behalf, sort of kind of, but more on the city's behalf. Dames said, you reported this wrong. So what Happened? Okay, so let me, let me make sure I get it right because Dane was upset because basically you reported it wrong. Basically I said what I reported was what I knew was gonna happen And I.


I would say, I apologize if he felt away about it, but I made, we'll, we'll get to it. So this is what happened. So during that time when we reported it, Jay-Z's side had filed this copyright notice, right? That copyright notice was basically saying, look, in year 2031, I don't want anything to be able to go anywhere else. It's gonna come back to me. Jay-Z, because I'm the author of the Reasonable Doubt. Which it was a work made for hire his third. Right now social services department said, because it was listed, the agreement listed as a work made for hire, you're violating the agreement. The 2031 is not true. We need a judge to stop this auction. We need a judge to go in, look at all the money that was made, see how much it's really worth. Because basically Jay-Z is trying to, and Jay-Z and team allegedly are trying to make this worth less.


So they can come in at the end of the day, swoop it in. They're, and they're doing that by saying, oh Jay-Z's going to own this anyway. So there's no point in buying it. Right? So a judge recently made a decision after all the notices. And actually this decision screws Dame Dash And I actually felt a bit bad for him. And I explain to TUI in a second. So the judge is saying basically, I'm not about to go here with y'all. So they asked for a stay of auction, which would've been holding the auction off until a judge could, number one, determine if the notice that Jay-Z filed with the copyright offices was valid. The judge said no, the court does not have the jurisdiction to do that. And what's crazy about that is, is that at this point in time, so the social services department who aren't Dame's attorneys, they work for the city, they could go back in and say, no judge, you made a wrong decision.


I don't know if they're going to, but if they don't at this point, Dame Dash doesn't really even have the time. They ran out the clock to go in and contest this, this copyright notice. Right? So what will happen from there is after this, like all of this happens, right? The auction happens. Everything, what they think, what people think will happen to Jay-Z gonna come on last minute is gonna be now worthless. He'll, he'll get these he'll, he'll own Dame stake in it. The only person that will be able to even contest Jay-Z basically saying this is mine. It reversed back to me in 2031 is Bigs, he's not gonna do that. So now you X Dane dash out of the conversation completely. So pretty much If you are gonna bid on that. You're gonna bid low because you just don't know what the hell's happening.


You don't know what that, you don't know what's happening, right? You don't know at all. So you bid low someone like Jay-Z or whoever, But then Jay-Z has first right of refusal. So whatever the lowest bid is, Jay-Z can You know match that bid and then take the third. Basically what what Dame was claiming from the beginning was it could do you remember when we spoke to him, he was claiming from the beginning that they were basically Jay-Z was basically positioning himself in a way where it was gonna put everybody else in a corner. And that's exactly what this is lining up to be. That's crazy. Now, so Dame has from what now to 2031 to make money off it? No. If if this, so when this auction happens, Auction, auction, The next, the auction's supposed to happen. When the auction happens, Jay-Z is going to own this. Put, if it makes, so Dame don't get its third? No. If Jay-Z comes in and buys this, no, Dane will not The money that will come remember?


'cause the state, he has taxes, he has child support, he owes like lawyer fees to to and all that stuff to the Josh Weber guy. Right? All of that is gonna be paid. Whatever's left Dane will get, but there might not even be much left because they devalued. Yeah, but He still owed a third or something. Yes, but it's not going to It's not going to him though. Yeah, it's not going to him. You get what I'm, but it's gonna to him. But he gotta pay bills. Depends on how Much money it Is, right? Yeah, but gotcha. But but what is prob And that's why the city got involved because they're like, what's probably gonna happen is it's gonna devalue to the point where we might not even get our money. So Dame's not gonna see much either because the city won't even see much. Crazy. I Know is Is You know they were best friends. Right? And That's why I feel like it's so That's crazy on a friend. It's Friends 20 years ago guys, but on the business level it was a, it was a shot clock move.


A thug changes, love changes. His best friend Come and if Dam has an issue with this, please talk to some attorneys because I I, that Was nice. That was not Oh yeah, right. That was Dame is getting the camera crew ready right now. There will be a video on the America New network, YouTube channel later today. 'cause both sides will be heard. Lauren, you gonna be, I don't think he likes how you report this. He probably gonna be on there screaming at me. I look nothing I can do. Yeah, he has actually has a show called Bosses Take Losses and he talks about it every, every week. Yeah, that, I mean his network has a lot of content so we'll be looking for it. All right, well that was just with the Mess with Lauren Osa. Now when we come back we got the People's Choice Mix. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning You are checking out The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. We are The. Breakfast Club. Now we got a salute.


Byron Donald's congressman from Florida for joining us this morning. Luther to Byron Donalds man what got was Spicy earlier? Not really. It's just a just healthy conversation between him and Angela Rye You know. But you can go check that conversation out on The Breakfast Club YouTube page right now. We had a comedian up here this morning. This guy, we always give opportunity to You know. He's just always trying to figure it out. Trying to figure His life out he give opportunity is insane. Oh, It's true. You just You know. You know. We like to do that type of stuff here. We like to give people that You know need it. Opportunities to You know be successful. Why You amateur night at the Apollo on him right now? Well, Donnell rolls. Yes, Don Rolls stopped here early to Donne. Yes. He brought us all gifts. Yes, And. I. Want to tell everybody too man, make sure you go register to come to my fourth annual Mental Wealth expo, which is happening October 12th from 11:00 AM to 4:00 PM at the Marriott Marquee in Times Square You know we bring together some of the best mental health professionals and, and, and psychiatrists You know therapists from all around the country.


Spiritual leaders. And we have a lot of great people there. This year, Dr. J Barnett will be there. Dr. Shannon Bryant will be there. Elliott Connie will be there. Dr. Rita Walker. Dr. Alfie Breland Noble. Tyrese will be there in conversation with Jason Wilson. And we got some other guests that we'll be adding real soon. But it's a day of mental health, healing and education. It's free for all ages. All you gotta do is go to mental health expo.com for more details or to register, but you don't have to register, you can just show up. So 11:00 AM to 4:00 PM Marriott, Marques Times Square. My fourth annual mental wealth expo. I'll see you there. Alright, when we come back, we got the positive notice. The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's the J nv Jess hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast. Club.


Lauren LaRosa. Philly in for Jess. Now it's time to get up outta here. Charlamagne, you got a positive note? I do. And it's really just a message to You. know everybody born in the 19 hundreds as you get older and not even just everybody born in the 19 hundreds, just people who are You know of a certain age. As you get older, you can energetically feel the difference between people who care about you and those who care at their own convenience. I repeat, as you get older, you can energetically feel the difference between people who care about you and those who care at their own convenience. Be aware of that energy and make wise choices about the people you have around you. Have a great day. Breakfast Club Bitches.


Do y'all finish or y'all done?


Max Bankman, I'm the new doctor. Welcome aboard The Odyssey. A B, C. Thursdays 'cause Ship is heaven. We're attending To our pastor Dreams. I'm In from 9 1 1. Executive producer Ryan Murphy. Comes a splashy new drama on a luxury cruise ship with Joshua Jackson and Don Johnson. It's your job to Keep everyone alive. She's In Vfi. 1, 2, 3. Clear. I have a pulse. You're going to be okay. Dr. Odyssey. Thursdays nine eight Central on a, B, C, and Stream on Hulu


High Five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account. Hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High Five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary Void Book prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com. High five. Casino


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrests keep you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


October is cybersecurity Awareness month and LifeLock is here to elevate your protection game. Using the same simple password across all your accounts that's risky. While updating your passwords to be more unique is a good start. True peace of mind comes with LifeLock. LifeLock doesn't just alert you to suspicious activity, but monitors for more uses of your personal info and will fix identity theft issues that arise, guaranteed or your money back. Secure your identity today with a 30 day free trial at lifelock.com/cybersafety. Terms apply.