
This is an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing massy seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional Features. Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career is it just about a job.


It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com. Okay, I got some good news and I've got some great news. The good news is that Amazon Prime Day is almost here. The great news this year, prime Day will last four days from July 8th to the 11th. We're talking about four days of unbelievable deals in every category you can think of. So this is your chance to save big on well, whatever you're into. Tools, appliances, clothes, toys, everything.


The countdown is on Shop Prime Day, July 8th to the 11th. Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue Books kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co. Inc. Toyota. Let's go places. Good morning. USA. Yo Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo.


Jess. Hilarious. Good morning, Charlamagne to God. Peace to the planet. It is Monday. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and Holly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What's happening, man? Summertime is here. That's right. Back to the work week too. How you feeling Justin? It finally felt like summer too, the last couple of weeks. Oh my God. It felt like summer. Five o'clock this morning. Yes, it did. Hot is balls outside. I'm serious. I'm like, yo, why would I wear two shirts? This is crazy. I I underestimated it. 'cause you know, it took us a while. We were lagging on the season. Yes. For a second. But I did feel like it's, it summer's definitely here. Yo, shout out to Buffalo. Buffalo is frat. I don't care when nobody say I'm from Baltimore.


You say that like, we gonna disagree. Like we haven't been here before. Alright. I don dunno where y'all been. I know where I was at, man. Crazy. But yo, the amount of love that I got from the city was amazing. It came out, it was cool. They, it, it was, it was amazing. I did have to put a stud out to show y'all why, What Happened? She got too drunk. She, she wasn't even heckling me. I felt so bad. I'm like, die. She was doing her tongue at you? No. Putting her Visa. She kept talking and like, she would, she would talk after every joke about the joke before. And like, she was just too drunk. She was excited. She was excited. Yeah. But the people around her could not hear it. Niggas ain't paid 55, $60 to, to Listen to this Sun scream.


Right. You know what Emini here. And I was like, And I hated that because it's June, it's pride and it's like, damn. And I ain't wanna wake up to a video. Like you woke up to somebody said you was homophobic. Yeah. I ain't wanna wake up to one of them. 'cause I put out, I put out the show For pride. Ain't got nothing to do with your sexuality. Your sexuality don't got nothing to do with this. If anybody would've been talking. And then I gave her three times and told her be quiet. Like, yo, come on. And you gave her a three strike rule. What? Damn. And then they, yeah. And they had to put out the second time she see, threw up on her way out. I, I like the fourth time. And she threw up. She was too drunk. But her homeboy seemed Like she would've fought her way out. Did she, did she try to fight on her way out? No, She, no she didn't. She was cool. She was cool. She kept saying she was sorry, but on the way out, she threw up. I bet you she regrets that. Yeah, I bet you she woke up the next morning like, damn.


I showed my ass. Yes. And it was her birthday And embarrassed myself. And it was her birthday. It was her birthday. Lord have mercy. Oh, you look very intelligent this morning though. Excuse me. You, you look intelligent. Like you was in prison for like four or five years. Found Islam came home. Wow. Well thank you. I appreciate that. Although I'm intelligent every day. That Is true. But you, You Like DX and Belly right now? No. DMX found it. He was pretending to find Islam. Yes. At The end. Yeah. Right. Yes. Thank you. But no thank you. Shut up. Alright, Well let's get the show cracking Ice Cube and Dwight Howard will be joining us this morning. Hey. From the big three. That's right. So we're gonna be talking to them. And you know, Dwight Howard just got recently got into a big fight, right? Yep. I think that was the first game of the season, if I'm not mistaken.


Because the big three kicked off a couple weeks ago. It started like June 14th or something like That with Lance Stevenson. It was a little scuffle. We wasn't really fight. You know what Emini here, Little Tuffle. We'll talk to Dwight and a bunch of other stuff. He going into the Hall of Fame this year. That's Amazing. And we got front page news. So we'll get into all that. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJNV Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news now in some quick sports. Congratulations to Oklahoma City Thunder. They beat the Pacers last night. 1 0 3 91 Drop on a clue buzz for OKC. Tyse. Halliburton was injured during the first quarter, though. They believe it was an Achilles injury.


Definitely was an Achilles injury. It wouldn't have made much of a difference though. Emini here. OKC would've still won the game. Yeah. OKC. They, they played amazing. I think they they did good. They was up by 20 at one point. So congratulations to OKC. They, they've been the best team in the league all year. Emini here. So Emini here, that's usually how it's supposed to play out. Right? The best team in the league all year wins the championship. They deserve that win. And Kevin Durant has been traded to the Houston Rockets. Now the rockets are sending Jalen Green, Dylan Brooks and the number 10 pick in a 2025 draft and five second round picks for kd. So they gonna have a squad. No, they're not there. Not gonna win a goddamn damn. Cut it out. And I like, I doubt I would've kept that young core together personally myself.


Yeah. I like Jalen Green and Dylan Brooks. But you know, the coach is dope too. I don't know if he's k could play that coach. Yeah. I don't know if KD could plan on a couple. KD has not proven that he can lead anybody to anything, so. No. Yeah. What's up Morgan? Hey y'all. Hey. How we feeling on a Monday? Good. Good girl. Good girl. Good. As good as we can feel with the news that broke over the weekend. I, I, I hear you'all. I hear you'all. All right, well let's get into it. First off front page. Y'all remember how last week President Trump said he would decide within two weeks if the US would get directly involved in the conflict between Iran and Israel? Well, it appears that two weeks turned closer to two days because the US did in fact bomb nuclear facil facilities in Iran on Saturday.


Now President Trump called the strikes a spectacular military success. He addressed the nation just hours after the strikes and he thanked Israel and the US troops who were involved in the mission. He also issued a warning to Iran. Let's take a listen to the President's Trump President Trump's comments. They are a little bit long, so let's hear 'em out. A short time ago, the US military carried out massive precision strikes on the three key nuclear facilities in the Iranian regime, Fordo, naans, and Esfahan. Our objective was the destruction of Iran's nuclear enrichment capacity and a stop to the nuclear threat posed by the world's number one state sponsor of terror.


I want to thank the Israeli military for the wonderful job they've done. And most importantly, I want to congratulate the great American Patriots who flew those magnificent machines tonight and all of the United States military on an operation the likes of which The World has not seen in many, many decades. Iran's key nuclear enrichment facilities have been completely and totally obliterated. Iran, the bully of the Middle East must now make peace. If they do not, future attacks will be far greater and a lot easier. Yeah guys. So Israeli prime minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, he expressed his gratitude to the US and President Trump in a recorded address.


Netanyahu said, Trump's decision to strike Iran will change history. Let's take a listen to those comments from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. History will record that President Trump acted to deny the world's most dangerous regime, the world's most dangerous weapons. President Trump And I often say peace through strength. First comes strength, then comes peace. So of course this comes after Israel And Iran have been trading airstrikes for more than a week now. Iran's foreign ministry says the US has started a dangerous war against Iran. They released a statement saying, in the midst of a diplomatic process, the US has betrayed diplomacy.


The statement said, the US government bears full responsibility for the grave consequence and dire repercussions of the attack. Iran's foreign minister is in Moscow with urgent talks for four urgent talks with Russian president Vladimir Putin, Abba Iraq. Iraqi told reporters in Istanbul that Iran and Russia have strategic partnerships and they always consult each other when they, because they are allies. And the Kremlin has helped Iran with its civilian nuclear program in exchange for supplying Russia with military drones in its war with Ukraine. So this does appear to escalating tension. I will say that the State Department has issued a worldwide caution security alert.


The State Department said the conflict between Iran and Israel has resulted in disruptions to travel and periodic closures of airspace across the Middle East. It is, it's the alert. The State Department has advised US citizens worldwide to exercise extreme caution and it follows Department of Homeland Securities issuance of a national terrorism advisory system bulletin. Iranian officials have also warned of retaliation against the US after these airstrikes on their nuclear facilities. Yeah, I'm not even gonna sit here and pretend I know what any of this means or what is gonna happen next. I want to say let's hope for the best, but the best would be that Iran doesn't retaliate against America in any way. But I don't see that happening, but we'll see.


Yeah, no, it's, it's very scary. 'cause Emini here, it's, I think we all expect a retaliation. It's just we win how and hopefully it's, it's protected. They shoot whatever happens down or anything that happens outside of that, they prevent. But it's very scary. Absolutely. At seven, we'll talk more about, in detail about the strikes and I'll share how Congress feels about this. So you guys stick around for more front page news at seven. Alright, everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open. Again, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Get it off your chest. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club.


This is your time to get it off your chat. 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Good morning DJ Envy. How are you? Peace, my brother. Peace, peace. Peace. Who's this? This is Mrs. Show Money. You Seth. What was that New Jersey represent. Stand up. What Up Mr. Show Money. What's happening brother? Get it off your chest. What's happening? What's happening? Listen, I, I wonder what y'all think about Donald J. Trump launching these bombs. Like my, my question is, is it going to lead to a situation where we gonna be worse off than we were during the pandemic? I Have no idea. My brother, Yourself, I ain't gonna sit here and lie to you.


I have no idea. None of us do. And that's, I think that's the scariest part. Just waiting to see, see what's next. I have no idea. Right. And I, I, while I'm here, I just want to offer a sincere, heartfelt apology to DJ Envy my brother. I don't know what I said. I don't know what I did. I'm letting y'all out there know. If you run Foul Envy, you will not get on this air. What, What are you talking about? Yo Envy Emini. Here. Listen, I've been calling y'all every day for the last three weeks. I know. I called you, I called you.


You know I bought the gift violation. You know what I'm saying? I said you wasn't black major violated. But it's true. Why you I have, don't you ever apologize for s ticking the truth. Don't apologize for speaking the truth. Hey, hey, I, I'm so sorry. Hayden needs Hey Jess. How You doing? I'm so sorry. How you doing? Is Lauren there? Okay. Yep. She in the back? Yeah. Okay. Listen, listen. When y'all call this station, I'm letting y'all know if you run a Foul. No, no. Tell the truth. Come Combine Mr. Show money the truth. You have a good One man. Tell the truth. Tell the truth. Shame the Dominican Devil. The Funny thing is, people, when people call is thousands of people that call, we just go through the calls periodically.


Hello? Who's this? Oh my God, This is Miranda. Hey Miranda. Get it off your chest. I am mad that the president did this. I have two nieces in the Middle East and the Navy. Right in the Navy. And their ships are in the Middle East. And what he did puts them in jeopardy. And I don't appreciate that. And I'm very upset about it. Yeah, that is very true. Like, you know, any, any, any, anybody, anybody, anybody from the US stationed in the, in the Middle East right now. Like they, they probably, you think we concerned they the ones that's really, really, really concerned Or anybody serving. Because I'm sure they could be sent at any given time or Yeah. But if you in that region is what I'm saying. Yeah. If you on a base in that region, like you probably going to, you know, be a target.


Crazy. Right. And they're on shift. Damn. And there's, their mothers are crying themselves to sleep every night since. I'm sure she did that, which was too nice. But it's just too much. Yeah. With everything going on in The World we live in today, we shouldn't have to worry about this. He said no war. Yeah, he said he was, he said no wars. He said he was gonna stop all the wars that was happening and lo and behold he let us into a new one. That's who he did. And trumped up. Tell Taco to sit down. Who is Taco? Donald Trump. Why you call him Taco?


Because you call him tacos. I call, I ain't never called him Taco. I call him Taco Taco. I don think Dorito taco Better. I don't think he likes tacos too much. Taco. I don Dunno if you could've Called them Taco. No, I think he like tacos. I've seen him eat tacos. Oh you have? Yeah. Yeah. He don't like the nickname Tacos. Really? I Watch The View every morning. And Whoopi Goldberg calls Taco also. Oh, she confusing you for Whoopi YI Did, I did. Okay. That's happened before. By the way, you mama, I don't know why somebody Confused you with Whoopi Goldberg? Yeah, they, they put me, they put her, her her hair on me and they did a whole Photoshop thing on social media. Yeah.


Oh wow. Wow. Yeah. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Ray. Ray. Ray. Yo. Sha Envy. What up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. We Can get on the phone right now here and tell you what it's, we live. Hello? Who's this? Hey, what's going on? This is Midday. Good morning. DJ Envy Midday. What's up man? That's hilarious. Good morning. Solom the guy. Peace. Please, please Get it off your chest midday. Okay, so thrift stores ain't washing their clothes And I just found that out.


Who, who ain't washing their clothes? Thrift stores. Oh, I don't wanna say the thrift store I went into specifically, but yeah, I went to get some shorts. Saw some floods at the top. I thought I was asking a rhetorical question, ma'am, do y'all wash y clothes? Her silence was deafening. Mm. Yeah. Emini here I would, if I bought something from a thrift store, I would definitely wash it. And I'm thinking right now, my wife when before she gets anything to the thrift store, she washes it but me, I just throw it in the bag and just send it. So same. Yeah. That's sometimes you just never know what you get. Yeah, Exactly. But even before you, you know, buy the clothes, it's like all that unwashed clothes, you just working on all that, all that odor, bad smells.


You don't know what people do with they pants. Well, Well everybody don't stink. And you know, I don't fart in my clothes, so. Yeah, But you should watch clothes. They still was in your house. What if you got bed bugs? What if you got I ain't got no bed bugs. I got a whole bag of clothes that I took to France last week. All from h and m and Zara. Okay. 'cause I be at h and m and Zara and I'm taking all that back. I know you're taking it back. I kept the tags on and everything. Crazy. But you didn't wear it though. That's why you took Who didn't wear it? Come on man. He wore some Of them bags. All I love you guys. Y'all have a good morning. All lucky too. Somebody said to me yesterday talking about why did tag wrinkle? The tag wrinkle. I wore it, bro. I don't take the tag off on purpose. What happened last time when you did that? Right? There used to be a store called Bergdorf. They used to be here right after Berg. No, it was Bergdorf that closed, right?


Yeah. Or Barney's. Yeah. One of them. Bergdorf and Charlamagne set it on the air. His stylist went to ticket it back the next day and they wouldn't take it. 'cause you was talking about it On air. No, it's not true. They still had to take it back. 'cause the tag was still longer than everything. But I'll tell you this, it's crazy. I cried. 'cause then Pat, see I'm, I'm the opposite of be Simone. I cry when I spend too much money outta a place like Bergal Goodman. And then Le she don't take stuff back to h and m. She feel bad 'cause she gotta go shopping. And I take stuff everywhere. Every dime count. I know I've been unemployed four times. I don had to collect unemployment checks. I take it back. I'm not gonna, you, I'm not gonna wear that again. What's Charlemagne? There was white linen. There's no way that that is crispy white. You wore it. Like, there's no way that it's no crispy white. I I Before you take it back. No. How much you want be, did you try to give the rest of them bottles back in can?


No. Didn't y'all drink All of 'em you made once again? That's stupid. That's, that was a stupid ass decision I made. It was, but guess What? No, you be saying stupid stuff, Man. Suck my, what's up brother? How you happy Fried Pride? Keep Diddy away from me. Playboy. Oh, show Stone. Yo. Blessing. Oh my goodness. Happy pride. Sean. What's up man? Wrote me chest excite you. You got so excited when I said that. I'm sorry brother. Stop. Hell no, I wasn't excited. I'm sorry if Jeff said she wanted to put her thing in my mouth, then I get excited. I'm for man. Okay. That was great. What is going on this morning? That's sexual harassing. Yo, what's up?


Get I'm, I'm all all over the place right now with that vomit, bro. I wasn't expecting that, Jeff. I know. I don't know why he would say something like that to you, Sean. Oh My goodness. I'm traumatized right now. I got anxiety. All right, well get off your chest. Come on. Well, peace and blessing anyway. Peace. Good morning, Jess. Good morning. Envy. Morning Happy pride For that other guy. The Baldhead got env. I'm not okay dude, why you saying everybody? I didn't say you all. I'm Just say that. Happy pride man. What do you want Sean? Listen man, listen man. Charla ma, stop talking crap outta your mouth. You said, you just said that the series would've never mattered because Ur got injured, bro.


How do you know that? I don't think it would've mattered in game seven. I think OKC was over. They they was up by 20 pl It was like 20, 28, almost 30 at one point. But also Indiana was s ticking around. If Halliburton didn't get hurt, we would've seen a, a good series and a better series. You can't what you mean. Series was great with the seven. The series was great. You mean series was great. Me? We would've seen a better game. Yeah. We would've seen a better game. I think so too. Well What I'm saying is, I, I noticed you always hate on light-skinned people. And that's all I'm saying. So you know what? Emini here, you should stop That. And but then, but then also you did Breakfast Club Court last Friday. And even though I do agree with some of the things that you were saying, I think you were wrong in the situation.


And I'm gonna tell you how you was wrong in the situation. I was out roast When the hostess, when the hostess was looking at you to see if you want that guy to get a drink. You are the one that told the hostess Yeah, pour him a drink. So, because you tell the hostess to pour him a drink. Now this guy think he's entitled to grab bottles and pour himself a damn drink. I, I told I think you was wrong in this Situation. I, I totally disagree, but you know, I'm not about to sit here and argue with you about this. Yeah, it is what it is man. And it, it is so funny. You know, whenever you tell gay people when they're doing something wrong, Jess, they always quick to say you're homophobic. I remember Trav used to call up here all the time and try to say Jess Hilarious was almost four people.


But look at him now all over Jess. Jess, take your teeth outta his mouth please. That's crazy. I ain't never know. Trav said that and Jess is not phobic. Not at all. Yeah, I didn't know that. She other phobics, but not Uhuh don't. Alright. Alright. Goodbye. Goodbye. Have a great day. Goodbye. All right. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. With The who please. You know, we got, We got the latest with Laurie coming up. What we talking about Lauren? Yeah. We could do Jay-Z Beyonce performing for the first time in seven years. Yeah. And a little dig that people think he took at Kanye. Okay. I like that. Okay. Yeah. Period. I ain't Know that. Okay. All right. We'll get into that when we come back.


It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight face. She gets them from somebody that knows Somebody. Well, she gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything And she be having the latest on the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What was the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk. Talk to me. So over the weekend, Beyonce took her tour to Paris. And of course all of the celebrities popped out.


But one of the biggest names that people were excited to see, he's at every tour stop. But Jay-Z actually came out on stage with Beyonce in Paris. Now this is a big deal for several reasons. It has been seven years since they have performed on stage together. So first of all, let's take a listen to Jay-Z coming out to Drunken Love. That's not drunken Love. That's crazy in love. That's Crazy in love. Crazy. You know, she got Dangerous in love. Crazy in love and Drunken love. Yes. She just in love. Well, the point of playing the performance clipse between the two of them was the fact that when he came out, it was a surprise. So the crowd went crazy again.


He's been at the other tour stops, but he has not been on stage. So that happens, he comes on stage, they perform a few songs, and then he goes into N Words in Paris while in Paris. And people think he took a little a dab here at Kanye West. Let's take a listen. That was not a dig. So he Literally just substituted yay name for his Wife. You caught it. Yes. But because he's it's her concert. Exactly. Which makes a lot of sense. And that is what performers do. But you know that there was the whole Kanye West getting online with the tweets about the kids and then Mama Tina made, you know, her comments or all that. So people felt like this was him like finally getting his revenge back.


But I don't feel like it was just switching the names the thing, huh? Exactly. And by people you mean Twitter? Of course. Oh yeah, of course. The fans were going crazy. They were. So even not even Twitter, you got, I'm looking@yahoo.com right now. All of the outlets also talked a lot about this because Emini here, they need the story, they need the headline. But in other news, while all this was happening, there was another fan theory that was working this way. Now this one was an X theory because Nicki Minaj was online all weekend long talking about or alleging that Roc Nation has silenced her fans in an effort to like get her out here basically. Who the Hell can silence them? Damn bar man.


Nobody Can silence the ball, man. What are we talking about here? Well, okay, so let, let's back it up. So be Nicki Minaj did a verse on the Carter six, the bonus version of the, of the album. Yeah. It's called Ban From. No, the remix. Let's take a listen to her verse Slides. When you do a flip, Shannon, you ain't that sharp. Still can't spell. That's horrible. The Phi, the F is for phenomenon, man. Already fading like a barber. Don't decline. So they never face Carter n NFL Fire call. So she says NFL Fire some N words and then call us.


Now the song is called Band From N No Band from New Orleans. You know, they're throwing shots at the NFL because you know, remember Nicki Minaj spoke out when Lil Wayne didn't get his chance. Super Bowl. Super Bowl, yeah. Yep. At Super Bowl. So she's on Twitter all weekend and she's hashtagging as she's, or or mentioning as she's doing some of these tweets. NFL fire, some N words, and then the phone for callers. So she said they don't want you to see it when I'm liking. So that feature was demolished listening devices, cameras, car tags, pages you don't follow under the following section of X. Hmm. How do I get paid for that? Then she starts talking about, she starts talking directly to the barbs and she's saying, barbs save all info every time you get flagged or suspended and what platform it is on.


Then she started retweeting fan theories alleging different, alleging basically Jay-Z's role in X still and after selling it to Jack Dorsey and all these things as well. But she's clearly insinuating that her fans, that they're sabotaging Yeah. Are being silenced because some of the fans were tweeting her and saying whenever they would get online to defend her, or if they would hashtag the band from Nno NO song, the algorithm would, you wouldn't see it as clearly it'd be pushed down shadow band or you just couldn't simply upload it. Mm. So, okay, they, now I say all that because people think that Jay-Z coming out on stage with his wife in Paris to do inwards in Paris was to distract from all of this Nicki Mina show. Y'all are ridiculous for, I, I wanted Just say something though.


If Roc Nation controls all of social media, how come they can't stop everybody on social media from spreading all the negative stories about them? About Beyonce and Jay, about Rock Nation period. How Roc Nation And I could suppress stories, wouldn't I suppress stories about myself? All of them. Wouldn't that make more sense? Can can we just salute ho though the fact that he came from Brooklyn and performed at that show and it went stupid. Listen, it went eight ish and then the fact that everybody was singing everybody word, every little line. Can we just talk about Black for a moment? Keep in mind he's a 55-year-old man whose first album came out in 1996 and he's getting that kind of love in another country and haven't put out anything since new, since 2017. Listen, Let's talk About that. There were fan videos when he walked out because again, they didn't know he was coming out on stage.


People literally dropped their phones. They, they were just so in Awe. It looked so great. I was on Tim's Kelly Rowland's husband. I was on his story. Yes. Yo Tim. It was, it was crazy. Yes. They were in the, the, the suite or the section with Cardi B. Yeah. Yep, Yep. Yeah, absolutely. Card was the main section from there. I'm sure, I don't know whose it was, but they were all together. They were in a riser together. I don't know whose it belonged to. They were there. Yeah. Either way it looked good from that section, you know, from from that It was crazy Street or whatever man. Paris. It was lit up and those people, they act like it was the whole tour. Like when he came out it was different. I can't remember the last time I seen him on stage. So I can see why that would've Been long time. But I think it was dope too because he was just in New York at the fanatics thing.


So people thought he was still there. So the fact that he came out was even more of a surprise. I don't think anybody was watching that. And congratulations. You mentioned Cardi B, I think Cardi B her record with number one on Apple music this week drop a bomb for bar. Yes. They pulled her into the conspiracy too. They said that that's why she was there to help them distract from the fact because her rocker just did so bad. Cardi was in cans performing for Spotify. So many people left from cans to go watch Beyonce in Paris on that. I think she performed this whole weekend. Yeah, I'm bugging. She been out since Thursday. And, and y'all talk about the crowd, how, how crazy the crowd went. The reports are that there were 70,000 people in that crowd of, in the crowd of fans and that it was a solo show. Mm, I love it. Know Salute to Beyonce Ho and everybody that was there.


I love it. I love seeing it. I just loved, I love the energy that, that that show gave Emini here. Woo. Yes. Wish I was There. And in the next hour, I know Nicki Minaj also mentioned Shannon Sharp on that song as well too. The next hour we going to, we gonna get into some Shannon Sharp things as well. Hmm. Okay. Alright, we'll get into that next. Everybody else we got front page news and then from the big three Ice Cube and Dwight Howard will be joining us. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are Chicken Out The Breakfast Club. Rocket Mortgage is lowering down payments to 1% for eligible home buyers with one plus. You heard that right? 1% down on a home with one plus from Rocket Mortgage. Learn more today at 804 Rocket or rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage LL C license in 50 states and MLS consumer access.org.


Hashtag 30 30 Morning everybody. It's D-E-J-N-V Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Now. The NBA finals OKC beat the Pacers 1 0 3 91. Now Halliburton was injured in the first quarter. I think they believe it's an Achilles injury. So he is out. So salute to OKC Now also Kevin Durant has been traded to the Houston Rockets. The Houston Rockets are sending Jalen Green, Dylan Brooks, the number 10 pick in a 2025 draft and five second round picks for kd. So KD is now playing for Houston. I wonder Why they just didn't stick with that young car and continue to watch that young core grow. Like, like do you really wanna get rid of a a a 23-year-old jailing green for a 37-year-old Kevin Durant?


Does Kevin Durant make them a contender? Nah, Emini here. They were already in the playoffs. They went, they went to what the second round in the playoffs. They did pretty good last year but, and congratulations to Travis Hunter. He of course, he was the number two overall pick in the 2025 draft. He signed a four year $46 million rookie contract, including a $30 million signing bonus. So congratulations to him. Okay young man, that $30 million signing bonus, that's a lot of money. Do the right thing with it. Know that you only, well he in Florida, if he ain't got no state tax, oh look at God. Oh my God, that's amazing. What's up Morgan? Hey yah. Hey, so let's get back into the details on the strikes on Iran's nuclear facility. So the Pentagon says, the bombing of Iran's nuclear site's nickname Operation Midnight Hammer was the largest B two bomber strike in US history.


The US struck three Iranian nuclear facilities, including the fortified Fordo facility. In addition to the Naans and Isfahan facilities. Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Dan Kane said the destruction of the facilities was substantial and more will be known in the coming days. He added the operation was top secret and very few people in Washington knew of the plan that involved the US submarines launching tomahawk missiles. General Kane detailed the attack. Let's take a listen to his comments. Final battle damage will take some time, but initial battle damage assessments indicate that all three sites sustained extremely severe damage and destruction.


The main strike package comprised of seven B two Spirit bombers, each with two crew members proceeded quietly to the east with minimal communications. As the Operation Midnight Hammer strike package entered Iranian airspace, the US employed several deception tactics including decoys. So those B two bomber pilots are reportedly back in Missouri. According to President Trump, Israeli attacks have reportedly killed at least 865 people, including civilians and military personnel. Retaliatory strikes in Israel have resulted in about four, about 24 deaths. Meanwhile, defense secretary Pete Hegseth says, president Trump's decision to hit Iran was bold and brilliant, adding the strikes had nothing to do with the regime change in Iran and everything to do with Iran's nuclear program ending.


However, president Trump appears to be supporting the idea of a possible regime change in Iran in a series of posts on truth social, Trump said, if the current Iranian regime is unable to make America great again, why wouldn't there be a regime change? Now I will add, there is speculation that Iran may have moved their nuclear materials like enriched uranium ahead of the attacks. But that has not been confirmed. That's just speculation at this time because there was warning ahead of the attacks. Now Congress is reacting and of course it's a mixed bag. Independent Senator Bernie Sanders was at a rally in Tulsa, Oklahoma when he shared the news of the military action to the crowd calling Trump's actions unconstitutional.


Let's take a listen to his comments. The only entity that can take this country to war is the US Congress. The President does not have the right. Meanwhile, Republican Congresswoman Nancy Mays, who's your home girl? The Charlamagne from North Carolina, South Carolina, sorry, South Carolina said Trump is the greatest president in American history. Now appearing on NBC's meet the press Democratic senator Mark Kelly of Arizona said the attack. Who by the way, Mark Kelly also served in our military. He said that the attack could lead to severe consequences adding Trump should have come to Congress for authorization. Let's take a listen to his comments.


We could see terrorist attacks here. The Iranians still have a lot of proxies. They could go after us. The escalatory factor of of this action that was taken yesterday is significant. So Senator Kelly says he's still hopeful of a diplomatic solution to the crisis, hoping that things can be worked out. What's that char? Now there's something special about folks who come through without being asked. Like your coworkers surprising you with your favorite coffee just because or your friend handing you the aux core at the moment you get in the car. No debate, no fight, just positive vibes that kind of love. It just hits different. And that's exactly the energy at and t is on. With a new guarantee, if there's ever a network interruption, at and t will proactively credit you for a full day of service.


No calls, no emails, no jumping through hoops. It's just handled. It's like the universe saying, I got you, except this time it's not. The stars aligning. It's your network. And let's be real. That connection is everything. Whether you're holding down the group chat, checking in on your parents, scrolling, TikTok, your network's gotta come through. And if there's a problem, at and t is on the case. No stress, no drama, just real backup when it counts. Credit for fiber, downtime, lasting 20 minutes or more, or wireless downtime, lasting 60 minutes or more, or caused by a single incident impacting 10 or more towers. Restrictions and exclusions apply. See att.com/guarantee for full details. At and t connecting changes everything. Who loves getting a great deal?


Everybody, right? Well it's that time of year when it's super easy to find great deals on all sorts of amazing things. That's right. Amazon Prime Day is coming four days of unbelievable bargains from July 8th to the 11th. And just like every year there are deals in pretty much every category you can think of. I like reading. So I order a lot of books off Amazon. They're always sent to me in a very prompt manner and they always have discounts. So if you've been looking for a good read or you've been wanting to spruce up the house, prime Day will have what you need. Looking for power tools. Prime Day has you covered. If you wanna get some toys for the kids Prime day, there are just so many deals that whatever you're into, you'll find it and save big. So if you've been thinking about grabbing something, anything, this is the time to do it. And Prime Day lasts four days this year.


So that's more chances to save on everything you're looking for. Four days of deals on everything from clothes to appliances to just everything. The countdown is on. It's almost here. Shop Prime Day, July 8th to the 11th. Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few Months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens.


I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features. Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling.


Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, add to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


Find out more at State Farm dot com Morgan. This is one of those times where politicians sound like hypocrites because Mark Kelly is right. President should get congressional approval. But there have been a bunch of presidents who have ordered strikes without congressional approval. Barack Obama did it against Libya. Joe Biden ordered strikes in Iraq and Syria without congressional approval. Bill Clinton did it to, was it Kosovo? I think you pronounce it Kosovo. So president's ordering military action without congressional approval has become pretty routine. So I So true. So, so has, so is it, is it always a thing when they do it? I'm I'm just asking. I don't know. No, Well this is where, this is where those articles of impeachment come up then. That's why House Democrat al a Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, she actually says that President Trump's decision to strike Iran could lead to impeachment.


So Why didn't, I'm, I'm just saying, so why didn't it lead to impeachment for everybody else? Like when Barack Obama did it? When Biden did it. But It has, you know, not that it necessarily, well the people in Congress or congressional members will call for it. Does it necessarily mean that those, that they'll move forward with the impeachment process? Not necessarily. But there have been times in the past that these congressional members have called for impeachment of the president because of their military actions or actions that they've taken with the military. Without having that congressional, I Don't even remember. It hasn't been this much backlash. I don't remember hearing about it during the Joe Biden administration. But I guess That's, I guess that's because of the way Trump has been moving. But we haven't heard about it when Obama did it. We didn't hear about it when Biden did it. I I do remember when Obama did it. When Obama did it.


I do remember, you know, I don't, people in Congress saying he needed congressional approval and they were making it a thing. The only reason I know about Biden, 'cause I read an article on NBC news last night that was literally about this. It was, it was, the headline was President's ordering military action without congressional approval has become routine. And it talked about Biden citing article number two in the, in the Constitution, which makes the president, commander and chief And I guess basically saying he don't need congressional approval. And that's when he ordered the strikes in Iraq and Syria. As far as what is taking place here on the home front and how this impacts us on immediately oil prices are jumping, following the US air strikes on Iran. US crude oil has gone up more than 2% Sunday evening to $75 and 60 cents per barrel.


This comes of course as there is uncertainty regarding the oil supply outlook in the Middle East. Iranian state media also reported that the country's parliament supported closing the Strait of Horus. According to the Energy Information Administration, 20% of the crude oil consumed by The World passes through that strait, which by the way is located in Iran. So meanwhile, the Dow Jones industrial average s and p 500 and Nasdaq futures have all been down. But we will see more of that as the market opens today. So yeah, they say It, it, it is more disruptions to that, to that Strait was discreet of Hor Mar, what is It called? Horus? Yeah, Yeah. Say gas might jump up up to a dollar to a dollar 25 per a gallon. Yeah, that's, they're gonna have to release, they're gonna have to release some of the reserve to, to help people out.


'cause it's gonna be ridiculous. Emini here, $8 a gallon, nobody's gonna be able to drive anywhere. Or, or the buses or public transportation, everything. But I know that, I believe that also some of our goods pass through there as well. So, you know, might wanna rack up on things that you can, if you, you know, you're in the grocery store, you know, just start to, Don't say that we won't have toilet paper, paper towels. I don't wanna cause any panic. Yeah. Have toilet paper in the water and all of that. No, but you know, just, just pay attention to what's going on around you and save this village out. Vigilant. Vi Vigilant. Vigilant. Yes. I Gotcha. Keep your eyes on. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Keep your eyes Out. Keep your eyes on and swivel. There you go. Very You. Yeah. So all that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood. Y'all can follow me on socials at Morgan Media. For more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network.


Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@binews.com. Thank y'all so much. Alright, thank you Morgan. Now when we come back from the big three Ice Cube and Dwight Howard will be joining us, so don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. What did he say that? Because it got to point, at first he was chill and then you just like, nah, he Didn't say anything. He just started putting his hands up like he was finna start throwing punches. So I'm like, bro, you did it once, you did it twice. What's going on? It Was just too much. Just too much. Man. We out there hooping. I just felt bad after soon as I grabbed him I'm like man, damn I'm on tv. I'm with Cube man, I, I don't want to make him look bad 'cause I can tell we just got the deal with CVS and everybody.


So I'm like man, I don't want this to look like what everybody say. Yeah, two niggas always fighting on tv. So I'm like damn. And it, it's my big ass and Lance. So after that I called Cube and you know, let him know man I really apologize for that. You know, we gotta be better than that And I gotta be better than that. Okay. What was you thinking at first when you seen the fight? I know you was like, damn, why they fighting And it was like the amount of press that they got, it was like this is Yeah Emini here. You never want competition. Emini here I love trash talking. You know, I knew it was gonna get chippy when they started kind of touching each other. You know, I don't, I don't like that part. And hey man, it happens, look later on that day it happened in the WNBA with two white girls.


So exactly it, it happens, you know, it's when it's when you know that the passion is there, guys wanna win, you know, guys still got that chip on their shoulder. That's what I love about it. It that they still got you it's pride in the game. It just won a little overboard. You know, this is they first game in the league so you know, they gotta just learn it, you know, it's a little more physical. You can trash talk but we don't want it to go overboard. You know, Dwight, you, you talked about being misunderstood in the NBA. Does the big three give you a chance to like, I guess rewrite your legacy on your own terms? A little bit. I just have another outlet to play basketball and I'm very thankful for Cube for, you know, just giving me that opportunity.


So I know I've done what I've had to do in the NBA, not trying to go back and rewrite anything dealing with the NBA but you know, this is a whole new venture and I'm glad to be a part of it with Ice Cube. You know, I watched this movies, I watched so much from ice since I've been growing up. So to finally actually be in the same room with him, to be working with him, you know, it's an honor. So, you know, I be out there on the court again is a blessing. I played since I was three, but to come back again at 39 still feel great about playing is awesome. So I'm just thankful that he's made a outlet and a platform for all of us to continue our career.


'cause a lot of times when we get out the league, they just kick us out. It's like, y'all didn't even, y'all didn't even play with us. So, you know, I'm just thankful for these opportunities. Now you haven't officially retired from the NBA? No, I haven't. Is Do you look at the NBA and be like, I'm better than him than Him. I'm better than him. I do. I'm way better Than him. I be like man, Do you feel that when you look at the league? Sometimes? Yeah, but then I had to realize it's not about who's better and who's not better. It's just what a team wants at a certain time. And they might not need a 39-year-old player on their team. They might want somebody younger who might not have the same name or anything like that. Who if they lose or win it can be like, Hey I just, this the player I drafted, I ain't get Dwight Howard.


You know what I'm saying? So it's, it's tough to look at it and be like, damn, I know I can beat him. But you can't look at it like that. It's ageism, you know, it's, it is everywhere and you know, we should start looking at people, not how old they are but can they do it or not skill level can you do it or not? Because you know, we got youngsters out there too, you know, in the big three is 22 and up. So we got youngsters out there that can't do it and we got guys out there that's in they thirties that could still do it. And like that's all we care about. Can you put the ball in the hoop? Can you pass, dribble and shoot and defend at a high level And what do age guy do with it?


And congratulations too man. Hall of Fame. Appreciate It man. That's Right. Well deserved. It's crazy though 'cause you, you got one of the most decorated resumes in NBA history, but for whatever reason it was a debate. It seemed like it was a debate on whether or not Dwight Howard should be in the Hall of Fame. Like what, what do you think people were missing? What, what did they not understand? I just think that a lot of times in the era that I played in social media became a thing. So once rumors or situations started to happen away from the court, I think that kind of shifted the attention of what I did as a basketball player to all the BS. And that became the front, the forefront of the conversation. Oh he got in trouble here, he did this, he was fighting with Kobe, this, that and the third and that don't have nothing to do with my actual resume.


So people start looking at the resume and saying, well dang he was a bad teammate because Kobe said he did this and all these different things. So I think a lot of that had to do with that. And then, you know, there's a situation that I put myself in, you know, that people have taken that and said, you know, maybe this is why he is not as talked about. But I just feel like all that is excuses. 'cause other players and they've had issues and stuff off the court that still hasn't stopped them from getting their respect on the court and what they've done as players and stuff. So I just think it's bs. So if your Hall of Fame speech had to be written by one of your biggest critics, who would you pick? One of my biggest critics. Yeah. And what would you want them to admit that they had wrong about you?


But I probably somebody in in sports business, like Stephen A. Smith to do it 'cause he knows most of the players. I don't think he's gonna give a biased opinion, you know, now he's probably would back when I played, but now my career is basically over with the NBA. So he can just go by strictly numbers or whatever it may be. What reason would he have to give a biased opinion even back then? Like why? Why be biased? That's why I felt like all of them were biased towards the system. You know, back then with Skip and all of them, like certain players, it seemed like they always got the short end of the stick. They always talked about in a bad way. And then you got some players who they don't get that, you know, that same treatment Now they always talk about your relationship with with Kobe and And off again on again and and how you guys were.


Why do you think that is so detailed with your career so much? Like he just talked about all your accolades, he just talked about all the things that you did, but that relationship it seems like for most is everything. But Kobe had his stuff as well too. Man. Man, this man was teammates for one season And that's crazy. So it's like how you gonna compare our relationship to Kobe and Shaq or anybody else? We didn't have time you know what I'm saying? So I think it was just they needed a scapegoat when I was with the Lakers. And it gotta be somebody, they ain't gonna blame Kobe. You should have been Steve Nash. That would, that should have been scapegoat. He the one came and got hurt. Game won. Yeah. He missed most of the whole season.


Everything was thrown off from there. Yeah. And I, yeah, I came with the Lakers off of Herniated disc. I was supposed to miss the whole season. When I came to the Lakers, I missed four. Well I came back in four months. I had a torn labrum that year. I still played, you know, so it's like they took all of my issues and made it seem like Dwight's the problem for this team. And instead of me speaking up about it, I just laid it ride. 'cause I'm like, what am I, I don't need to go back and forth with tell people like, nah, it wasn't my fault I didn't do this. I just feel like once you do that it kind of like makes you seem like you was the issue. So I'm like man, whatever city I go to next, I'm gonna just ball out.


If we win, we win. If We don't, I did my job. All right. We got more with Ice Cube and Dwight Howard when we come back. So don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Jay Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Dwight Howard and Ice Cube. Jess, What's your relationship like with Shaq these days? And what the hell, what happened with you with Shaq? How did that start? I have no idea. I know they were saying Shaq was upset about the nickname that you, that you Superman. Yeah. He says you didn't live up to it. You took his nickname and didn't live up to it. Damn. Damn. I didn't know that was his nickname. Yes you did. He did Superman. Come on, cut it out. Shaq.


Shaq was Superman. Yes. Yes. Where? Yeah, The local Big S On his nigga on his own. Did he make, did he, did he make himself Superman or did, was that something that was given to him by everybody else? He was the man of Steel. Is that Superman? Yes. Come on man. So he got the Man of Steel, he got all the nicknames. Hey, hey man, I didn't even name myself Superman. I went in the dunk contest, did the dunk contest, put the cape on, Superman outfit on and everybody started saying Superman after that. It wasn't note knock at Shaq. Really? It was Soulja Boy, if you want to keep it, keep it a being Soulja Boy. Soulja Boy did it first. Yeah, Soulja Boy had the Superman song and that was my favorite song. 'cause everybody know I'm known for dancing and doing the Soulja Boy all the time.


So I'm doing it every day in practice. I dunked over my teammate one day and everybody was like, man, you really Superman, we gonna call you Superman. It had nothing to do with Shaq, you know what I'm saying? I guess he took that as saying it's being disrespectful, but why would I be disrespectful to somebody who paved the way for all of us bigs? You know? We pay homage and honor to the ones who came before us. But when it's our time, we gonna get out there and go. So when I'm playing Shaq, I'm going at him, I'm talking, you ain't Superman no more. I'm Superman, whatever it may be 'cause it's competition. But as soon as we step off the court, that's my brother.


That's the og. You know what I'm saying? I think people kind of took that as a disrespect And I have nothing but love for Shaq. So even now, the last time I saw him, we got a chance to chop it up and finish the beef or whatever it was. And now, now we good. But Cube, I'm glad you didn't hold none of This against the white. Okay, between the Shaq and stuff, nah, nah, nah. Whatever they did in the NBA, they're forgiven. You know what, Emini here come, come on and rock with the big three. You know, it's, it's really all about, you know, seeing these guys play at the highest level, you know, for the fans. You know, I don't, I don't do this for me 'cause I could spend a lot less money if I did. But it's for the fans, you know, it's for, you know, the people who sit around after the finals looking for something to do, waiting for the NFL to start and now they got the big three.


So I'm just glad you know, a player of his stature came to our league, does a lot for our league. You know, I wish more guys, you know what Emini here, more superstars come to the league, you know, when they, you know, done playing in the NBA, you know, give us a year or two, you know, to help blow this up for, you know, for the future for players who are not superstars, for players who don't end the game on their own terms. You know what Emini here, they, they get kicked out basically. Or they say, you know, we don't have a place for you. And so, you know, some of 'em gotta go overseas. Most of them do. You know, a lot of our guys play overseas, you know, all over The World.


But they want to play at home. You know what Emini here in front of, in front of, you know, they fans in front of they friends in front of they kids. Mama, daddy Grandmama coming to the game. So, you know, I'm, I'm just happy that he came to play with the big three. Now at one time you had, there were certain things that you had to do to play in the league, right? You had to, you had to be over 22, you had to have NBA experience. Have you changed that at all? Yeah, we have. You know, and now it's 22 or not. And So it doesn't matter if you played in the league or not. No, it doesn't matter because what we realize is three on three is its own sport. You know, it's, it's different than five on five.


You know, five on five you can be a specialist, you know, you could be a rebound guy, defensive guy or a three point guy. But in three on three you gotta have all around skills. You gotta be able to pass, dribble, shoot and defend at a high level. And so we realized like we need to create our own athletes, our own superstars. 'cause there's some people who they wasn't good in it five on five, NBA, you know what Emini here. But they're great in the big three and vice versa. Some guys were great in the NBA, but when they get to the big three they get locked up. So it's it own sport. So we, we need to create our own athletes.


Now also, I noticed that, you know, we talked about it last time you were here that it felt like the, the NBA and other leagues were kind of following your guide, right? Meaning it's not just a three point line anymore. The n b's thinking about doing a four point line and things like that. Do you think they, they follow and watch what you're doing and try to mimic what you're doing? Definitely. You know, we, we changed the game in a lot of ways. You know, we got a running list, you know, Emini here, you know, I gotta pull up the list. But it's, it's a few things we've been clocking, you know, and it's more than 20. And so that means we, we are changing the game for the better. And so it's great because we feel like we have some great rules, we have great innovations, but they're all designed for the big three, for the three on three game.


And so the NBA take a few things, I'm cool with that. I done took a lot from them too. So, you know, it's a, it's mutual and you know, at the end of the day it is really all about making sure people love the basketball that's being played. And the big three, we play the game the right way. I wanted to ask you q what do you think the NBA fear is most about the big three? Is it the format, is it the independence or just the influence y'all have with like retired stars like Dwight? I really think it's the independence. You know, they, they think they own basketball, you know, but kids don't run out and say, mom, I'm gonna go play the NBA. You know, they run out and say I'm gonna go play basketball.


So it's owned by all of us. And the fact that we do things to change the game to make our game better, you know, we ain't trying to change the NBA so I think they don't like that. We we're, we're, we're forward moving, you know, we was the first to embrace mental health. We was the first league to embrace CBD, use the first league to have a lady coach, men and and coach to a championship. So we've been first in these places where they should have been and, And I don't think they dig that, you know, at the end of the day Now, how do you stay focused with you just, you are that mental health, but how do you stay focused with everything that goes on in your life?


And it seems like everything's always on the net. How do you still focus on pulling up and playing basketball all the time? Training and your family? Like how does, how do you keep all the BS outta your, your head stay Off the internet? For one, You never off the internet you always responding. No, that's not, well be quiet. So you got a ghost tweeter? I might, But no, I'm not a person that wants to get too heavily involved with what people are saying. 'cause I know people are gonna talk and they're gonna have an opinion and that could keep you from getting your goal in life. So sometimes I've always cared about what people say too much.


And lately I've just been like, man, fuck it, I'm gonna just stay off all this stuff. Focus on what I gotta focus on, which is my children, my health, my spirit and keep moving forward. And people gonna always talk. I hate it. I hate being on the net sometimes, but it is what it is. I can't do nothing About it. You pop out dancing every once in a while. I saw you mess that dance up with Steve from Milwaukee. Oh Lord uptown downtown. I said Wow, I Can't move my knee like that. Yeah. Talking about you known for dancing. Not that I'm known for dancing, not dancing. Well you're 39 now. The dancing back then was the nay, nay, thena, Soldier, boy, All that stuff. All this new age stuff. My knees is not capable of Doing that because it's not in your DNA.


All that other stuff was from Atlanta. Yeah, that Emini here, that's not from Atlanta. That's Midwest. Well speaking of Atlanta, you know I gotta ask 'cause I'm the woman in the room. Are you legally married to my girl Amy Luciani? That's not her name, But What name? Not her name. Amy Luciani Y name. No, that's her rap's name. That's a rapper. She's actually a rapper. That's, she's an artist actually. So that's her rap name. Are you legally married to her? We are. Okay, that's what's up. I had to ask 'cause you know it was reported that you guys were, but there was never no confirmation, anything like that. So I wanna know. Oh yeah, there's always some rumors, but just keep that side of my life private so everybody ain't got nothing to say. Yeah, keep that private. Keep that private and keep it moving. Well what's her, what's her name since that name?


Amber. Amber. Okay. Amber Rose. All right. But you but you know that is her, her rap name though, correct? I just, He said do you know? He say I know I just don't be saying Emini Here because he told me that name Emini here. That's what we know. Emini here 'cause to You Rose. Not that one. I know, but that's the headline. That's fault. That's the headline. All right. We got more with Ice Cube and Dwight Howard when we come back it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJNB Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Ice Cube and Dwight Howard, Caitlyn Clark.


You said you were gonna have her on the big three if you could have made it happen. Were you gonna change the whole league for That? What do you mean by change the league? Because Caitlyn, She's a woman. Say it. No, Emini here. What? You change the league? No, but she's the only one you have in the league. So don't foul her too hard. Nah, nah, nah, nah. Say that. You gotta be able to play. Like we wouldn't have did nothing different. Either she could have been able to play at that level or not. You know, Kaitlyn Clark is not backing down down Dwight Howard Not, no, she's not that kind of player. You knows a small, you know, kind of switch point guard we've had. The only reason why it even is a thing, 'cause we had small guys get loose, you know, Mahmud, Abdul, Raul named Robinson, they got loose in our league.


So we felt like a player like that could get loose if they, you know, we couldn't say she couldn't play. Like, it ain't up to us to say you can't play, you gotta throw the basketball out and see what happened and you know, so we made the offer, it didn't happen. And we moved on Cc. Yeah. Is is the true Shaq is gonna walk you out for your hall of fame speech? That what he said. I called him other day. He said, Hey big fellow, you want me to walk you out? Nah, but yeah, he, he is supposed to. You said you wanted him kg and ka Hake Elijah one Hakeem Elijah one. Okay, Okay. Yeah. I love Hakeem. I really would love Kareem to be there.


All the, the big man goats. I, I still have Kareem as my goat. I don't know why people never talk about him like that. But as far as strictly basketball, what he did from high school, college NBA, you can't name too many people that got a better career than him. And he had two names to do it with. So he killed with one name. Yeah. Then Came back and did it again with another name. And he don't get talked about. So I guess it's 'cause he a big man. Yeah. The the big man until recently haven't really been looked at as a skill position almost. Why not? I Don't know. 'cause Hakeem Elijah one was super skilled. Kareem was super Skilled. Has has with Patrick, it has with Spurs.


David Robinson, Tim Duncan, Like Hakeem and Kareem. Who was It? Patrick Hill. Patrick was skilled. Not like Hakeem and Kareem. Well why, how could you say Kareem was skilled? He, he dis had the right hand hook. That was Nest though. But you said skill. Skill mean right hand, left hand. Patrick Drop that turn around. Jump shot, fade away. Patrick had skills. Patrick Chewa had everything. Remember the big old shoes he had too? Yeah. Hakeem had a bag though. Hakeem had a bag. He did, he did have a bag. He was probably one of the coldest centers. But the most dominant center gotta be Shaq. Yeah, Shaq of course Now Ice Cube. I'm, I'm not gonna lie, I'm right here. I'm fan girling.


I'm like starstruck to even be sitting here with you. I wanna know, am I gonna ever get a chance To start? Yo, this clown, yo, he start Snorting, I wanna audition for one of the Q Vision projects coming up. I don't even know if you even shoot your shot. Some shit coming up or what Yo. But I'm just, I'm letting you know I'm here. I got if you, if you looking for some, some pictures. I got some movie ideas I'm writing. No problem. Yeah Man, we Should give her a character right now and let her do it right now. Live one Video. Alright. Whatever you tell me, Give her a character right now. Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. I'll let her, you know, do it right. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. When we got something. Right. Right. We'll let you come in and you know, I just wanted to know that.


Do your thing. All right, cool. Yeah, because I don't play basketball so I can never be in the big three, but I definitely act. Yeah, that's right. Vision. No problem. All right, thank You. Now how can they get tickets and support you and make sure they get, oh, I got two More questions. One Q1 for Dwight. What do you, what do you hope Dwight will do? Emini here. What do you hope Dwight joining the league will do for the big three? You know, more attention, you know, for the league. More, you know, more interest, you know, from, from everybody that love basketball, you know, from the fans to the sponsors to, you know, everybody that, you know, we need to make this happen. So, you know, you get a superstar like Dwight, you got a lot of eyeballs on, on on the league.


You know, I don't condone fighting, but the fight did put a lot of, you know, lot of eyeball. You know, we, we was viral as hell this week because Jackson. Yeah. You know, but, but the thing is, you know, it's about, it's about the game. You know, it's not, you know, the antics will only go so far, you know, but the game is great People, you know, it, it seem fun to play and fun to watch, you know what I'm saying? So that's what it's all about. Alright, and Dwight, we see you do a lot of commentary now. Do you feel a responsibility to reintroduce your story in your own words? I just think it's a different chapter.


A new chapter in my story. There's no way I can go back and change anything that has ever happened in my past. And you know, I can't do that, you know, but what I can do is just this next chapter of my life is make it better than my last chapter. You know, my last chapter was really great. I had some great things happen And I had some mis portion things happen as well. But you know, I'm still here today and I'm very grateful to be a part of the big three. You know, I've also always wanted to come on The Breakfast Club. So to be here, you know, is is awesome as well, man. It's, it's a dream come true. And by playing in the big three is a chance to really hone in more of my skills as a basketball player.


Things that, you know, I work on daily. I get a chance to do 'em in the big three. And also I know you was talking about doing a movie with Cube. Yeah. You know I'm, Man I got long lines know. I know you do man. It is cool. You know, I give everybody a shot, you know. Alright, well we appreciate you for joining us. Definitely. When Big Three comes to your city s for the Jersey man. Anytime. Every time Word. We was supposed to get a number three put on them but I don't know what happened. Breakfast Club Jersey. Oh yeah, The Breakfast Club is Ice Cube. Dwight Howard, The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren Becoming a straight face. She Gets them from somebody that knows somebody. Well she gets Into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on The Lord the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes she have Facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well it's the latest On The Breakfast Club. Talk. Talk to me. Okay, so over this weekend, Jim Jones and Shannon Sharp, it was viral online that they went, added over a conversation that originally started on the Joe and Jada podcast with Jim Jones about influence and Jim Jones being compared to nas.


So let's take a listen to the original comments. Jim Jones talking to Joe and Jada about his influence. These kids love me. They don't really know who Nas is if he 22, he's born in oh Three but he knows that my Son, my son, They Know about na. My son can't tell you one na record. Let's keep it a buck because your bring it up. There must be some type of misconception when it comes to miscommunication Jim Jones and what Jim Jones have done in this game. So let's not get into that where we get into numbers And I gotta show you the statistics of what I've done. You heard to what other people has done. You heard you wanna go to the billboard entries, pull up Nas billboard entries, then pull up my billboard entries. Listen, listen, we can't, we can't Prepare the two. No, I want go Down the line now because be going down the Line.


No, He's a rapper and I'm a rapper. This, So these original, these comments then led to Jim Jones being a guest on Shannon Sharp's. Nightcap. Well Ochocinco. And they got into it over the comments. Okay, Can we, can we address one thing though? Go ahead. Jim Jones has nine entries in the billboard. 200 with three top 10 albums and no number ones. While Nas has 27 entries, 16 top 10 albums and six that have reached number one on the billboard 200. I'm glad you did that because he addressed those entries in that conversation. Let's take a listen to him on Shannon Sharp's nightcap. I'm 57, I'll be singing no rap. You see What I'm saying? Ocho, he don't even know about rap. He just doing this for the views to get Jim Jones on there to get him hot.


This is not the Get him. I'll run circles around rapping right Now. I'm chatting around. It's not the clip. We need them. We need Shannon and Jim arguing on Nas. That's crazy dog. I would run circles around NAS rapping right here. Same clip right now. Na put What's the other clip that you have? Y'all didn't plan this out beforehand? We did. It's the best show ever. Oh okay. It is Seven. I be singing no rap. You see what I'm saying? Ocho, he don't even know about rap. He just doing this for the views to get Jim Jones on there to get him out. I know. Hold On. That's the same clip too.


No, he played a a different clip and y'all threw him back to the second clip. Play the second clip. Not this one. The one where he starts off. Go ahead. I 57 I be singing no rap. I be Running circles around Nas rapping right now. Right now. Lemme my mic Off. I'm fating around Nas right now rapping. Everybody knows that. You talking about The past that ain. He put it down, he sat It down bro, I will run laps around Nas rapping right now bro. Jim. Oh you talking right now? But I'm talking Y And I bro. I'm In See him. I'm still in it now. Cam was smoking his boots. I wasn't rapping when he was rapping but Cam really got at him.


You remember? I really mean it. We been getting at them boys. But this is not about that right now. 2025. I'm in the game still rapping at a high capacity. If Nas wants to smoke, come in the booth, I will rap. Don't want no, No smoke. Jim Jones is rapping at a high capacity right now in 2025. I'm on record and saying I think some of the best music that's been coming outta New York in recent years has been from Jim Jones. I haven't seen Nas in that mode. Nas still makes great music at a high, high, high, high, high level. I just haven't seen Nas in in that. You know, let's get out getting at each other mode. They're two different artists though in two different ways of, of raping. Oh I'm not comparing Jim Jones and Nas. No way. Okay. Because they're two different artists. But also, you also gotta understand what Jim said, Jim says, I say stuff just to get people talking.


And if you're upset with the way what I'm saying, I appreciate you 'cause my streams is bumping and people have been talking about me. So some of the stuff that Jim Jones is saying, he's just poking the bear just 'cause he wants people to talk about, by the way, I Know that because it might spark something different than Nas. Nas has been putting out some phenomenal projects with those king's disease albums. Right? Like you know, but Nas is rapping about brunch on Sunday, which I love 'cause I enjoy brunch on Sunday. But he might activate something else and Nas, that Nas ain't felt in a while. Like, oh somebody calling me out, you know, Competition. Well, And I posted that in my story. I said, Jim know what's going on. He just know that he goes viral as well and it's all a good publicity to him. So Once this started moving, he was posting about, you know, the concerts that he had coming up and all that. He understands that. But I think unfairly though, people have been Dr you know, there's been a conversation around him because people were like, well why are you even comparing yourself to nas?


But he didn't originally have the conversation. There was a podcast that said not even about entries, more so about influence right now, who younger kids would know. Like if you're in the club who you're playing. It was that whole conversation. I Remember that. Don't quote me. I don't, I'm be honest with you. I don't know why that's a conversation. It why are people talking about Nas and Jim Jones in the same breakfast? Like that don't, doesn't even make sense To me. It doesn't even, it doesn't even make sense. Well, but, but I will say this and and part of it is I think people try to limit and take what Jim Jones has done for the industry. And I think Jim Jones has just fed up, 'cause Jim Jones has done a lot Emini here. He's put up platinum records, put up gold records. He, he helped architect the diplomats. So he's done a lot for the industry. But you can't compare them two. That's not even a fair question. And I, And I wonder how you supposed to feel about yourself? What do you mean? Yeah, you're Supposed to be saying these things.


Yes. Like is Jim Jones supposed to be like, well I'm good but I'm just not as good as this person. No, he's not. Say I'm the best. Exactly. Well Emini here, he said, and We can all disagree. Like I, I definitely rank Nas higher than Jim but I also understand what Jim is saying. Like let's talk about right now in this moment I still think Nas will get him. But I haven't heard Nas in that aggressive mode the way I've been hearing Jim. But I thought Jim Was talking more relevancy. I thought Jim was talking about his forests. Right now when the clubs and everything is out here, nah, he's more relevant to the kids than na. That's what you saying he's saying to the kids, I don't Na he about ancy though. I care about classic. You see, but That's what he was Talking about. You see when Jay-Z come out in Paris at 55 years old, that's what I care about. I don don't care about the re relevancy is like for the moment stuff. But that's What the conversation was about.


Yeah. Originally Was about relevancy. It was about relevancy. But when Jim Jones brought in the billboard entries, the conversation shifted. And he did say on the Shannon Chart podcast that, you know, he might've kind of overp spoke when it came to the entry conversation. But relevance, that's what the, the 22, 20 3-year-old on that don't quote me podcast was talking about like I was influenced by his fashion. We know his songs. We played him in a club. That's what they were trying to get to. And by the way, Shannon Shaw was just arguing because he saw that on the internet. He saw the internet saying that Jim was bugging. So he was coming with that perspective. 'cause I know damn well Shannon couldn't name five N songs. Well I Think he can name Three. We have that clip, but I don't even know He did that play that if you got that. I didn't. It's the Shannon and Jim arguing.


We have it. I we lit, we have it. Me And Charlamagne can make it up. Jim Jones says an clip to Shannon Sharp. I'm be singing no rap. You see what I'm saying? Ocho, he don't even know about rap. He just doing this for the views to get Jim Jones on there to get him hot. But you don't know get hot. You Don't, you better check the podcast face biggest podcast you ever anyone this when you get big you get club na get invited to Club Jay can get club you on level yet bro, you dealing with the wrong one bro. We, we here you cannot talk me. Leave me alone bro. You might get out Rapp me, but you can talk me.


Don't Nobody wanna go to Club Shake. Say nobody wanna buy no VIP tickets to that Nobody Club Shake. Hey invite you do got nobody listen to me. Yeah. Wow. About the NA thing. You can't hear him 'cause Shannon Trump is yelling over him. But he says he can't even, he said Ocho, he can't even name a na song. I believe that he can't even name a na song. I know you can, but you can't really hear. But it's in there. Okay. It ended on a good note though. They, they wrapped it up kind of positive where they were like, you know, people gonna make this a thing, but it's just us. We just talking. We talking music. So Nah, I don't think it's gonna be a thing. 'cause then after I seen Jim working out, throwing some more shots at him. So I think this little feelings got into both on both Sides.


He challenged 'em to get in the gym, then they start having a gym challenge conversation like the physical gym, you know, crazy. That's like the barbershop. When you go to barbershop, y'all talk about one thing and then all of a sudden it turns into a fight later on. Y'all don't know what y'all thought about. That's what that seemed like. Been On Shaha. Where he go there? I don't know. I'm not for sure. I don't He's been on there yet. No, I don't think he's on there Jay. He Ain't going there either, right? Jay-Z? No Ho hasn't been on there. No, He ain't been on nothing. Okay. But I like the conversation. I do, I do like the aggressiveness. I love the fact that they, I just wanna see them rap. I love rapping rappers, but we'll see. But thank you. That's the latest with Lauren now. Charla Martin. Yes. Who giving that down Too, man. Four after the hour, there's a 21-year-old named Angel Montana.


He needs to come to the front of the congregation. We like to have a word with him. If we, if we, if we stay thing like these kids don't wanna work, boy he's proven us, right? We'll discuss. Alright, we'll get to that Next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Rocket Mortgage is lowering down payments to 1% for eligible home buyers with one plus. You heard that right? 1% down on a home with one plus from Rocket Mortgage. Learn more today at 804 Rocket or rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage LC licensing 50 states NMLS consumer access.org. Hashtag 30 30 with the donkey. It's Time for Donkey of the Day. A bunch Of donkeys around here with the He Hub who loves getting a great deal, everybody, right?


Well it's that time of year when it's super easy to find great deals on all sorts of amazing things. That's right. Amazon Prime Day is coming four days of unbelievable bargains from July 8th to the 11th. And just like every year there are deals in pretty much every category you can think of. I like reading. So I order a lot of books off Amazon. They're always sent to me in a very prompt manner and they always have discounts. So if you've been looking for a good read or you've been wanting to spruce up the house, prime Day will have what you need. Looking for power tools. Prime Day has you covered. If you wanna get some toys for the kids Prime Day, there are just so many deals that whatever you're into, you'll find it and save big. So if you've been thinking about grabbing something, anything, this is the time to do it. And Prime Day lasts four days this year.


So that's more chances to save on everything you're looking for. Four days of deals on everything from clothes to appliances to just everything. The countdown is on. It's almost here. Shop Prime Day, July 8th to the 11th. Hey, what up y'all? It's DEJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousins latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Taking the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches your day brightens.


I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features. Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just start in your field or even look at the switch things up and find your true calling.


Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there.


Find out more at State Farm dot com. Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. That means when you buy a Toyota, you can feel confident that your investment will last. Toyota has dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, including the 2025 Tacoma Tundra and four Runner, the plug-in hybrid RAV4 and even the hot news Supra. These five models rank in the top 10 for resale value of all vehicles according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com and have a retained value after five years that is thousands higher than the average vehicle. So after countless carpools road trips and off-road adventures, your Toyota will still have plenty to give both on the road and towards your wallet.


Shop. Buy a toyota.com for a great deal on the vehicle that's right for you today and tomorrow. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co. Inc. Toyota, let's go places. Yes, you are a donkey. What the hell? What the hell? You need Some donkey days. Just sell themselves. Give it to him. Club day, give it to him. Oh man. Charlamagne, who you giving? Don't get a bitch tonight. Well donkey today for Monday, June 23rd goes to 21-year-old Angel Gomez, Montana.


Now that's the name not all Alert Ice. Now listen, this man was born in 2004. Okay? I got a rule. I don't argue with people who were born the same year at Kanye West College Dropout was released. Okay? I'm not going back and forth with anybody who was born the same year ti I dropped his third album merging Urban legend. Okay, how do I look? Debating somebody who just entered The World the year little Wayne dropped the card to one. There is nothing to be gained by that conversation. Okay? There is also a theory that youngins that age don't wanna work, okay? That youngins that age have a sense of entitlement that youngins that age want things handed to them. Well, angel didn't disprove any of that. Okay? In fact, angel might be exhibit A on why a lot of that is probably true.


Let's go to ABC 13, eyewitness News for the report please. Breaking overnight. The man investigators say murdered his roommate rather than pay rent is under arrest. Harris County Sheriff's Office says that an Angel Gomez Montanez was safely taken into custody. No other details published about this. Montanez is charged with the murder of Christopher Rodriguez. Lara Lara's mother telling a C 13 that Montanez had been living with the family for free for about three months. Lord, when she started to ask him to start contributing, she says, Montanez shot and killed her son Thursday outside the apartment on Butte Creek Road in North Harris County. Rest in peace to 18-year-old Christopher Lara.


You did not deserve that. This young man, Angelz was offered a place on, on, on the, on this apartment's couch for three months. Three months. You didn't have to contribute to no bills, okay? No rent, no nothing. Just freeloading your monkey ass off. And then when you were told this can't be happening, we have bills to pay. You decided to shoot and kill 18-year-old Christopher la This is why you have to avoid un unhappy, unlucky, miserable souls. Okay? This young 18-year-old living his best life, okay with his family, an angel who has family ties just with with them, decided to smoke him for no other reason than his feelings were hurt. Okay?


He also tried to shoot the victim's brother. That's what a 9-year-old witness reportedly heard the suspect say, I'm gonna kill all of them. Here's the thing, if you can come up with a plan to commit a murder, then you can come up with a plan to get a job. Okay? 21-year-old. 21, 21 years old, living rent free for three months. Do you know what kind of blessing that is? Everybody out there listening to me right now, just imagine the kind of cushion you could have for yourself if you didn't have to pay any bills. Not one for three months. Let me tell you freeloaders out there. If somebody is blessing you with the opportunity to not have to pay any bills for any amount of time, please find a way to make that person's life easier.


Young man. Your name is Angel Gomez Montana. I know you had the urge to do some lawn work, okay? It is in you. Alright? I know you wanted to cut some grass, trim some hedges. Find a cabinet to fix. Okay? There's gotta be a pipe clogged up somewhere. There was something you could have been doing in that apartment to make things easier for the people you was freeloading off. This is why we can't get rid of Job Corps. No, no, no. Okay. The streets needed young men like this. Don't have nothing else to do. Can't find a job. Job Corps would be perfect for him. Let him go to Job Corps, learn a trade, get his GEDA diploma and go out there and you know, have some money to pay his own bills.


Now look, kids nowadays don't wanna work is a broad generalization, okay? I don't even believe it. Okay? I know plenty of young hustling ass kids, but these young kids will kill you. It's not a generalization, okay? These youngins is crazy, all right? I know the prefrontal cortex doesn't fully develop until the age of 25, but my God, alright Angel, you would've never survived in no Scrubs era. He would've been in the passenger side of his best friend's ride letting off shots. Who the F you calling a buster? Alright, but guess what? Angel, all that was from, you know, all that, all that was, was a a challenge from your family, okay? When somebody says, yo, you need to go get a job to help pay some bills, that means you need to get up, get out and get something.


Okay? That's why they was encouraging you to do that. That's all they wanted. But now you don't have to worry about room and board anymore because you got a murder charge, okay? In Texas, you going to jail for 99 years of life and you will have to get a job. Young man. Okay? Food service, laundry, maintenance, furniture, manufacturing. Oh, you gonna get a job in prison and you gonna give a job in prison? It's just gonna have a blow in front of it. Please let Remy ma give Angel Mon Montanas the biggest Heehaw. Heehaw Heehaw. You stupid mother. Are you dumb? Ain't sound like a fake Mexican. This is mans Angel. Go. I'm probably pronouncing it wrong because definitely Martinez ing it wrong. No it ain't, ain't no R in it. Oh, it's spelled M-O-N-T-A-N-E-Z.


Mont. Yeah. Let me See, let, let me show him to you Mon. He sound like he's impersonating, You know, you know you can eyeball the Mexican Mexican First of all. No, lemme say. Oh, exactly. Yeah, he, I never heard of Mont. That's a different one. Exactly. Okay. All right, Well thank you for that donkey today, sir. Now let's open up the phone lines. (800) 585-1051 B. Simone was on her podcast and she was talking about how, because of her financial situation, now she's not shopping at Bloomingdale's anymore. She's shopping at h and m. Let's listen. This Was Hilarious. I feel like there's been so much financial, just my finances, like the budgeting.


You see how I am nitpicking every little thing? Never like that. I've never been like that. We were in Bloomingdale's yesterday. I'm like, we have to go to HN. Yeah, like I, And I notice it in me now, just nitpicking and it's not even, I just don't have it like, and because I've invested in this app and this platform, I don't have the liquid. Not yet. I got the money, not yet, but not yet. It's coming. I have it in assets, I have it in jewelry, I have it in, you know. But it's like the liquid. I'm used to seeing a certain amount in my account. Girl, I got h and m jeans on right now. Literally right now I got h and m jeans on. Okay. And a whole bunch of h and m stuff you see that you taking Back, because I, last week I was in France for business at Canne or Cons or whatever.


Everything I took was from h and m and dark talking about. So what is the question? Me? What are we asking today? Tag on to take it back. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. You good Up? Been at h and l. You See what I'm saying? Okay, So what is the question? Is shopping at h and m and and and stores like that, is that a bad thing? That what we asking? That's Not a bad thing. That's the only thing. Only thing That is the question. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. And this is some of the things I don't understand, like with the price of everything going up. And it's fine to have a couple of nice pieces if that's what you're into. But when we got to this place where you can only wear things once and you got, that's man, It's trash whack. H and m and Z is high end to me. Okay. I'm Marshall's.


Yeah. All right. Before y'all was boycotting talking, I get all my t-shirts and talking, right? What are y'all talking about? Zara is definitely high end. It is high as hell. High in priced high And not for nothing. Czars prices went up. Yes they did. Yes. Czar's prices went up. ZR was a lot cheaper. Befores, prices went up. Wanna see the tag? I got $56 linens. Okay. Okay. See That's linen Babe. $56. Yeah, 56. Taking it back too. Let your tackle, dammit. Yo, you a, you are a bird, yo. You are a bird. You are a bird. 805. 8 5 1 0 5 1 is shopping at at stores like h and m and, and Zara. A bad thing. Emini here. You, you seen her crying and she seemed distraught that she couldn't go to Bloomingdale's.


That is the question now Miss Mo need to get a job. Well You got damn nine a nine to five either. Shane ain't doing them. Don't even play with her like that. Listen, no, you gotta really still think about where she was. Right? Because she used to ball out in Balenciaga. She used to ball out in Dale. She used to be able to do that now to, to go from that. And now you, you walk in there and you like, ah, we gotta go to Feather 21. We gotta go to City Trends. We gotta go to h and m that, that's different for you. So for her, that's different. I don't feel sorry for her. I I'm not saying no way, sorry, but I'm saying we gotta and be Simone ain't got no kids I could tell. Right? No, she doesn't, she doesn't have kids because that stops early. When you start having kids and you start seeing college and you start seeing activities, you be like, man, just gimme a white t-shirt And crying over h and m.


How? Listen, listen, I got, I got nothing but love. We'll do, when we come back, We'll do, when we come Back, we'll do we come back? We'll do, when we come back, we'll do, when we come back life that h and m makes you cry. I got h we'll do when we come back right now proudly. Okay, what are you talking about? It's The Breakfast Club Morning. Pull out your, pull out your phone call in right now. Call me. Add your opinion to The Breakfast Club topic. Break it down. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. The Breakfast Club. I, if I have the means to do it, I will buy it. If I, if I don't at the time, I will still buy, I will go buy something it cheap And I, I will still look just as good if I, if I put on something very expensive.


So I will say this though. Jess Charlemagne bought some, some stuff off of Timo. Right. And I tried to buy some stuff off of Timo. Yes. And the pockets was in wrong places. It's different. Like they, they were supposed to be cargo pants and it wasn't cargo. There was, there wasn't the right sign. It felt like a border control And be all the vendors on there are not trustworthy. You, like, you gotta read the reviews. First of all, I love them cargoes I bought from team. I know them Cargos was 9 99 And I didn't care about the pockets. 'cause you know, I grew up on Gordon Tres. So for me, I felt like I, I felt like my, I had designs that nobody else had. You ain't gonna never shame me. 'cause I love, I love shopping at places like Walmart and you know, talking before the boycott and Marshall's and TJ Maxx. Yes, Zara and h and m is high end to me.


But when I went to France last week, I, you couldn't tell me I wasn't doing it in my, in my h and m linen. But I know for $57 and Bought $2,500 bottles And, and left the tag on em to take em back. Don't Know why you did that. That was written stupid. Right. But I don't think we're missing anything. I just think that B Simone wants us to like look at it from her perspective. Right? Like she was at one point only wearing, people can't afford eggs right now. We don't relate to you and S Right. So let's go to the phone Line. We're not missing anything. She's missing something. She's Missing it. 'cause what Jessica is true, I just wanna know who does be Simone playing to get sympathy from like you crying over h and m. H and m.


We love h and m. Like that's what we do. Maybe other celebrities. I doubt Kimberly to her. Let's, let's go to the phone lines. Hello, who's this? Tracy. Tracy? Yes. Hey Tracy, how are you? What do you think of the B Simone comments? Yeah, I love B Simone. I love her. But with all that's going on right now, like is this what we are really crying about? There are people that can't even shop at Walmart right Now. That's right. You right people. There's people getting, there's people getting snatched up on alive this and we worried about we can't shop at Baloneys. Really? Yeah, you are absolutely right. I Understand. Thank you very much. Good morning. Who's this? Good morning. It's Maniah. How y'all, Hey Naya, what do you think of be Simone's comments?


I feel like there's nothing wrong with it. It's like you going to blow a bag on the bag and you can't even put $20 in it. Like what's the point like for you to show off like no, she better go on DHG and get it all the knockoffs. You, you know, we love to spend money to impress people that we don't even know. Yeah. Which, which I don't understand. Right. I don't understand people that would rather look like money than actually having money but Have money. Exactly. There's no point to show it off. And you only gonna wear it once. Like you said Uncle Charla, take that back. Listen, I got, I got a bunch of h and m and Zara stuff right now. You can go on my Instagram. I posted it last night. Yeah. I got the tag still on it because I'm taking it back.


So what are we talking about? And that's, they came from h and m and RI love H and m and R but I'm still taking it back. I want them $56 back for the lens. Right. Thank you for calling. I'm going Too, so I know that. That's right girl. Yes, the bone machine. And after you went over there and some all that stuff and took your pictures, you ain't gonna wear it no more. That's right. Good morning. Who's this? Chris? What up Chris, how are you? What's good man? What up? What you dig of beat Simone's comments? Oh man, I like, that's petty stuff man. I just want shout out my white stuff. Y art design, she's a wedding wedding coordinator. She does life size seating charts.


She do table numbers. Does she make clothes? Huh? Does she make clothes? She make h and m. H and m. Okay. Okay. But you know, I know we got, we got bigger things to be crying about people, homeless people losing their house. Right. You know, clothes, material. We gotta accept being caught up in material. All that. She's crying about, you know, petty stuff. Man. We got people out here dying from hunger. I understand. I was just, I was born in the project in Brownsville. I was just happy to get up outta that. You know what Emini here, I was crying every day to get out of that, you know? Yeah. Listen, I've been unemployed four times. I done collecting unemployment checks.


So when you asked me why I'm taking back the h and m and Zara stuff that I wore last week in France. That's why. Yeah. Because every penny counts and that. Maybe that's just my own trauma, but listen. Oh wow. I don't play them games at all. Call us right now. +1 800-585-1051. What do you think would be Simone's Common Sister? The Breakfast Club. The Breakfast Club. Yes. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club. Charlemagne Tha god, DJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. We are discussing Be Simone's comments that she made recently in regards to h and m. Let's listen. I feel Like there's been so much financial, just my finances, like the budgeting.


You see how I am nitpicking every little thing. You've never like that. I've never been like that. We were in Bloomingdale's yesterday. I'm like, we have to go to H and yeah, like I, And I notice it in me now, just nitpicking and it's not even, I just don't have it. Like, and because I've invested in this app and this platform, I don't have the liquid. Not yet. I got the money. Not yet. Not yet. Not yet. It's coming. I have it in assets, I have it in jewelry, I have it in, you know, but it's like I, the liquid, I'm used to seeing a certain amount in my account. I don't have any sympathy for none whatsoever. I'm just saying because I love h and m, you know, and, And I literally got on h and m jeans right now And I got a whole bag of h and m and Zara stuff that I wore last week when I was in France.


To me that's fencing wearing and Zara is fencing. And guess what? I left the tags on it. Yeah. Because I'm taking it back. Mm. Right. It is going back today. I understand. So I don't know who be Simone is planning to get sympathy from. And you know what's so crazy to me, Jess? Yeah. We, the the, the people are the reason that we're in the positions that we're in. Yeah. Like and she's a standup comic, right? Yeah. She is. If your audience feels like they can't relate to you in no way, shape or form, and they feel like you look down upon them because you'll lose them because Exactly. Like, damn, B like why did she even put that out? Because there shouldn't be a disconnect at all. And, and working hard. People like people that work hard and buy tickets, they the ones that that we need, you know what I'm saying?


We need them to keep buying tickets and to keep supporting us and to keep streaming our podcasts and things like that. So Working class people. Yeah. So it's like what are you willing to sacrifice now for your future? I'm sorry you can't shop at Bloomingdale's right now and I'm sorry H and n makes you cry. I Understand. I just think that she was trying to, I think that, thank you. I don't even think, I don't even know if she was trying to get sympathy or not. I think it was a conversation between her and her former best friend or whatever. And yeah, she did put that out, didn't she? She put it out herself. There ain't really much I can say about that. After she put it, she put it out. I just think that she didn't expect this response. And I think other celebrities are probably who her, who she would be trying to relate to, I Guess.


I think she need to grab her fan and put her boots on the ground because you know, if you don't humble yourself, God will. Yeah. Let's go to the phones. Good morning. Who's this? Good morning. This is Marilyn. Oh Al, how are you sir? What's up? I'm doing well. How are y'all? What do you think would be Simone's comments? My first initial thought is you gotta be trailing and maybe that's for no, but then if you's not, that's what you call first world problems because to say you can't shop at Bloomingdale's, which I don't think most of ever shopped there unless it's like for a special event. Yeah. But it made me think of what Tara said last week about more money, more issues. 'cause that's not something that's probleming me. So I think she's trolling.


But I, I feel it though. 'cause we depends on what you at, like I was also thinking about 50 son, like they was he complaining about what he was getting. But once you're used to something, I guess it'll be hard to go to something less than what you have. But we don't care. Yeah. Like you know, like people out here barely can afford groceries. Yeah. People out here struggling to pay rent, we don't care that you can't shop at Bloomingdale's no more. Right. She left to be strong. That was hilarious. Well have a great day my brother. Good morning. Who's this? Hey, this ist from Virginia. What's up Tay? What you think would be Simone's comments. I would not be that fight. She shouldn't do that. Like be that way. But she's smart And I think she'll learn how to pivot open kids. You know God to talk to her and she'll realize she could just settle down and don't worry about that really, because I'm a city trans girl.


I make the clothes but clothes don't make me. There you go. So I'm go with a white t-shirt and some cute little jeans And I I'm all right, long as my money's straight that That's all. I count my blessing. See now you're talking. I'd rather, I'd rather actually have it than look like I got it. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Like count your blessing, it all come like it. It's coming the way it's supposed to come. Everything gonna fall in place just the way it's supposed to. Yeah. You just be a little patient and it should be okay if it's Who loves getting a great deal, everybody Right? Well it's that time of year when it's super easy to find great deals on all sorts of amazing things. That's right. Amazon Prime Day is coming four days of unbelievable bargains from July 8th to the 11th. And just like every year there are deals in pretty much every category you can think of.


I like reading. So I order a lot of books off Amazon. They are always sent to me in a very prompt manner and they always have discounts. So if you've been looking for a good read or you've been wanting to spruce up the house, prime Day will have what you need. Looking for power tools. Prime Day has you covered. If you wanna get some toys for the kids Prime day, there are just so many deals that whatever you're into, you'll find it and save big. So if you've been thinking about grabbing something, anything, this is the time to do it. And Prime Day lasts four days this year. So that's more chances to save on everything you're looking for. Four days of deals on everything from clothes to appliances to just everything. The countdown is on. It's almost here. Shop Prime Day. July 8th To the 11th. Hey, What up y'all? It's DJ e Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year.


Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like your at your own private concert. Plus, with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode.


Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features. Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference.


State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com. Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. That means when you buy a Toyota, you can feel confident that your investment will last. Toyota has dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, including the 2025 Tacoma Tundra.


And for runner, the plugin hybrid RAV4, and even the hot news Supra, these five models rank in the top 10 for resale value of all vehicles according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com and have a retained value after five years that is thousands higher than the average vehicle. So after countless carpools road trips and off-road adventures, your Toyota will still have plenty to give both on the road and towards your wallet. Shop. Buy a toyota.com for a great deal on the vehicle that's right for you today. And tomorrow. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelly Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co Inc.


Toyota. Let's go places Actual breakfast club. Like, can you hear me? Who else would be I? I love Y'all. I love you too y'all. We Love you too. Yes. Is this the actual breakfast would you think we the AI Breakfast Club? No, because yeah, I won tickets to go see Martin. So I just saw Jessica there. Oh, okay. Y'all bought my ticket. Okay, look, I got a small idea. I know it's not much, but I wanted to say I wanted, if y'all should do like clippings and like on a Friday or something, just small clips and stuff, I can here a week off of like, if y'all just think little funny things, even somebody called in to say something, do a little small little clipping because I just be thinking about the little things.


Y'all And I y Yeah, that's hilarious. Thank you. We got, that's why we do. Yeah, that's why we do it. It's called Weekends with The Breakfast Club and it's like a, a condensed version of the show from the week it is been airing. You know, about 12 years now. Yeah, I'm trying to get down production. Y'all can y'all call me for real? I got, okay, look, gimme the information. I'm dead soon as y'all, I come with a lie. I'm telling you. I'm, I'm good. Well, we gonna put you, we gonna put you on hold, okay? Okay. Okay. Yeah. All right. Have a good day. Yo. What? I think it's, it is crazy 'cause yes, be Simone is my friend. Right? What? I think that she just, she chose to make that decision to put that out.


There's so many other things that she could have cried about. Man. She could have cried about helping her family. Like being the only one. Braylin is like the only one who actually made it in her family was taking care of her family for years. You know, between our grandmother, her sister, you know her, you know her dad and everything like that. So she, she could have been up there crying about that and just, you know, and, and the things that she's gone through over the year with her years with her former manager taking all that money outta her pocket, like that man, like she's been like going through things with people that work for her. People turn around stabbing her back. Like you, you chose to talk about the cry about the wrong thing, you know, that you was gonna put out to people. Like we could sympathize with those things.


I don't know if she buried that stuff because it, it triggers her or whatever, but she could have talked about the real things that make her like as resilient as she is. You know, she went through a lot financially And I don't know why Bloomingdale's is just A Straw. You know what what I'm Saying? I respect, I respect her feelings, I respect what she going through. But you know that's life. You gotta be willing to sacrifice things now for your future. Yeah, but I ain't crying over no damn h and m 'cause I love h and m. Why she make it seem like h and m is just so bottom of the B? I know. Oh my god. Now I gotta go to h and m Girl What I got on h and m jeans right now. That's my first thought. We gotta go someplace fancy, right? Are we going to cans?


Shoot, we going to h and m man and I'm taking everything back soon as I get back. And then she said it like a voice crack too on that punch. It was like, we, First of all, what you doing To Bloomingdale's? If you know your bank account was way it sat. You said Oh we gotta go to h and m. You know, so maybe she was buying things for other people. Bloomingdale's. Yeah. I don't know. Ain't nothing in Bloomingdale's for me. You know I got in trouble. Envy told the story earlier, but one time somebody bought me some jeans from Bloomingdale's and them things was too expensive. Wore one time, kept the tag on, got on the radio, say how I was taking 'em back. They didn't wanna take 'em back 'cause I talked about it on the radio, but they had no choice because it was on the goddamn that that tag was still on. And I had to receipt take these damn jeans back. So you still, they you damn right, take it back. Goddamn. And I ain't been to Bloomingdale's 10th.


I ain't got no business in no damn Bloomingdale's. Yeah. Ain't nothing in there for me. Yeah, everything too expensive. Damn. All right, let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight face off. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. Well she gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything. She be having the latest on this. Good lord, the latest with Lauren la Sometimes you have facts, sometimes you have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What's the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk. Talk to me. All right y'all. So we are in the final stretch when it comes to Diddy's trial. There could be, and this is hopeful, not hopeful because it's a crazy situation, but this is people being fast on the timeline.


There could be a verdict reached this week in the trial About the defense had to present they side. So listen, okay, so on Friday the, the one of the final witnesses, his name was Brendan Paul. He's the guy that everyone was saying or legend was the drug mule of Diddy, him. And there's one other verifying witness that will get on the stand. Those are the final two witnesses for the prosecution. And they were done with him. Now the prosecutors told the judge on Friday after everything with their witness that they could potentially rest their case today. Now if they rest their case today, Diddy's attorney Mark Aglio told the judge that the defense could potentially rest their case as early as Wednesday. Now if this timeline goes as planned, wow, that means closing arguments would happen Thursday.


And if closing arguments happen that day, the jury would then begin to deliberate. Now the jury can has up until the July 4th holiday to deliberate. But the judge has been very vocal about, we don't wanna be in here after the holiday. We wanna get this done before the holiday. And the jurors are regular people like us. I'm sure they want their holiday. So a lot of people think that. But how do you say that? How do you, like it is almost like you're forcing the jury to make decision a verdict. Like, like, hey, we got, I got plans for 4th of July, so y'all better be up outta here before 4th of July. Don't that sound crazy? Somebody's life Emini here to each his own opinion. But the judge has been vocal about staying on the timeline. He has kept this timeline even down to, you know, court getting out earlier as the weeks transition and things of that nature.


And none of the attorneys have complained if they've needed more time for things or whatever they've said it, they was, yeah. But, so yes, the jury deliberation could go up until the July 4th, but people are pretty hopeful that, not hopeful, but people are think, are assuming that it could end way before that, that it could end as early as early next week, possibly this week. So does the Case start back today? Yes. The court is literally starting right now and they're gonna be ending with those final witnesses on the prosecution side. And then defense will start. So this week, Monday through Thursday are really important to see when the verdict comes and when, when these things, things will or will not happen. And we don't know if Diddy is gonna take the stand or on, we Still still don't know. We, we still do not know that they normally what'll happen is, is like the defense will start because they have to, you know, you have to let the court know what you're planning to do.


So they should begin having conversations today about like who and if, if anyone, they plan upon on the stand, like how they plan to do these things. So that'll come, I I broke this down in the podcast, the latest with Lauren La Rosa Friday when I left court after Brendan, Paul spoke out about not being an alleged drug mule. And there was some texts from Cassie that were entered into evidence on Friday. And these texts was crazy. One of the texts said from Cassie to Diddy, it said, you treat me like a hooker. To be honest, you always want to call one and you have one. This hooker has been here for 10 years. And in the text that they showed on the screen, did he responded, wow. And these are other evidence that the prosecution is entering that they're going to center a conversation around. Yeah. So we should be knowing some things soon.


I don't know why he don't take the stand Emini here, take the stand, throw yourself on the mercy of the court. 'cause everybody forgets in the beginning of this trial, his lawyers did concede to a lot of the conduct, right? Yes. They said that. Oh yeah. Oh, it was like we concede to a lot of the conduct, but we're just trying to say that a lot of the conduct was consensual and nobody was coerced. So why wouldn't you just get on the stand and like just man tell you truth, whatever that truth may be. Whether it was drugs, whether it was ego, whether it was power tripping, like whatever it was. Just tell your truth. Throw yourself on the mercy. But also if he did something illegal, he doesn't want to lie on that stand when they ask him if he did do something that was illegal or not, you know, against the rules. So he doesn't wanna lie per himself. They Already prove that Emini here. 'cause you only gotta prove two predicates, right?


When it's a Rico case, the, the, the the the bringing prostitutes in from outta state, that's been proven for the most part. Right? So, so, so my point is, when the lawyer said we concede to some of the conduct, what is the conduct they've already conceded to? Because clearly they've already conceded that some of the stuff he he's guilty of. Well They, in their, in the defenses opening statements, they conceded to Diddy being a horrible person in character. And they said if this was a domestic violence case, he would be guilty of that type of assault. They didn't concede to him doing all the things that the government alleged. Yeah, they didn't concede to anything he's being charged with. They said Hes, they tried to separate. Yeah, go ahead Vy. Yeah, no, I was gonna say they didn't concede to to anything he's being charged with. They just said, yeah, he's a bad person. This was domestic violence. He, but he didn't concede to the prostitute stuff.


He didn't concede to the Rico, he didn't concede to the drugs. They tried to make it more lifestyle and this is just how he lives his life, which has been the conversation. Is this a sexual preference conversation or is this a enterprise, a trafficking ring of things. Like they, that's what they tried to do. They didn't concede though. And you know, People who normalize things so much that you forget that what are you, or you may never have even known that what you're doing is an actual crime. I've been thinking so much about that and hearing these testimonies, like there's a lot of things that I'm like, oh wow, I wonder if he even in doing it knew 'cause he's texting a lot of these things. There were also texts entered between allegedly between That's a good point. Them Diddy, Cassie, they're trying to figure out a situation with one of the escorts and they're talking about flying him in. They're getting his information and you know, all these things.


And I'm like, wow, I wonder how they have that conversation as a defense because what did he actually know in, in doing this that he was, did he know he was committing a crime? Crime Was, lemme tell you, I've been flu out so many times. I did not know that I was trafficked. Were you Didn't even know that money when you leave. You know what I'm saying? You know, Emini here, not mind your business. Yes, I was Getting money. I know that I am not gonna fly away for free. You know what Emini here. So I I don know About that. I didn't know. I don't know if that, I'm just saying if you bringing in prostitutes that is actually illegal. Yes. Okay, well take a listen to the latest with Lauren La Rosa, the podcast guys 'cause you broke it down and I'll break it down more after today. But really quick as we wrap, I did wanna take some time to shout out Jason Lee and Hollywood Unlocked. They did their fifth annual impact awards over the weekend in la.


You know, Kiki Palmer was honored. Don Lemon was honored. Fantasia Vic Minta, Tiffany Haddish hosted and yo there's a lot of beautiful black people there. Oh my god, there was so many big names there. They did a Mike Pass, Kiki Palmer sung, Yolanda Adams sung Yolanda Adams actually spoke some life into Jason Lee. Let's play that audio as we wrap. When God is entrusted in your hands, it's something so special. Don't let anybody put agendas come in and erase what your heart desire told the Lord you wanted to do years ago. You know what you wanna about You talking about in your term it's manifested manifest.


There are very few people who can get Hollywood sports, corporate America and just regular average people who love God together. That anointing is on you. That's why God had to change the direction of everything that was going on. Jason Lee doesn't get enough credit for what he's built with the Hollywood Unlocked Awards because you think about all of the platforms that you know existed before Hollywood unlocked and had Nick Cache to do that but didn't. Yes. But for him to actually have the idea to do it and execute it and it's become so, you know, culturally relevant in such a short period of time dropping a cruise bomb for Jason Lee.


Absolutely. We always talk about what we should be doing. We should be building our own awards. That's right. And all that type of stuff. And he actually went to go do it. So yeah, shout out to the Impact Awards. And then not only that, like you said Jess, he did it and then he flipped it and then jumped into politics and then started building up his own community. So salute to Jason Lee. Man. Definitely. He actually been doing it all at the same time, which is actually more in practice. Jason Leo, get up there and shade somebody and then go be passing legislation and stuff. That's right. The same day. That's right. And then get the biggest names in in Hollywood to show up to an award ceremony. I wish you would tell me what I can't do. Goddammit. I know that's right. That's right. Drop on a loose bond for Jason Lee again. Yeah, like that guy. Alright, well that's my guy. That is the latest with Lauren. Now when we come back, we got the People's Choice Mix.


It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Rocket Mortgage is lowering down payments to 1% for eligible home buyers with one plus. You heard that right? 1% down on a home with one plus from Rocket Mortgage. Learn more today at 804 Rocket or rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage. LLC licensed in 50 states. NMLS consumer access.org. Hashtag 30 30 Morning everybody. It's EJ nv, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club And I salute to everybody I seen in Winnipeg, Canada. I had an amazing time. And you know one thing about Canada, I guess the Canada dollar is nowhere near the American dollar.


So when you go to a restaurant and it's like a hundred dollars, it's really like 70. So if you buy it is like we had like the cheapest meals ever. It was, it was amazing. So Sal, I had a great time. That was My dumb ass thought last week in freaking cans, not In France. Did not realizing that it's about the goddamn same. I thought that that number I saw was actually less. Lemme Get three of, lemme Get three of them. Next thing you know I'm stuck crazy. Nope, nope. Winnipeg is, it's like 30% less. So if it's a hundred it's like 70 something dollars, which was amazing. And then salutes everybody in Albany. I did a a, a spot in Albany. Had an amazing time. So it salutes everybody in Albany. Now Jess, I know you was in Buffalo, right? I was in Buffalo, yes. The Moose Ratchet City I've been to in a long time since I've been in Baltimore.


And I love it though because the yo the the love is crazy. It it was, it was. It was just amazing. I'm talking about they cooked for me, they sent me Masseuses man. Even the Airbnb host left me a nice little gift in the house. Like I'm talking about from the dispensary. Like it was amazing. It was Oh you mean weed? Yeah, but I was trying to be very professional Cannabis. Full of cannabis. Yes, But it's illegal in New York state. Was it good? It was great. Okay. I'm still smoking on it. You know what, Emini here. So it was good. Shout out to the makeup artists out there, man. Everybody, it was lit. Vete the threat on 93.1 or 91.3 WBNY. Like it the whole city. I just felt love, I felt, And I didn't realize that Buffalo was that small too.


I didn't know that Buffalo was such a small city like that. But shout out to Buffalo, y'all. I can't wait to come back next year and all the staff at Helium Comedy Club, I was treated so greatly there. But this weekend, Virginia Beach, Virginia, I'm coming. I see y'all this weekend, Friday and Saturday at The Funny Bone. We got four shows this weekend. I love y'all very much and I'm trying to add shows on Sunday. I don't do shows on Sunday, but since we have off all next week, I will be adding shows if y'all sell out Friday and Saturday of this week. So make sure you get your tickets at Jess Hilarious official.com or funnybone.com. Alright now also salute to Ice Cube for the big three and Dwight Howard for joining us this morning.


Yeah man, Dwight Howard. That's the first, that's his first time ever on Breakfast Club. He gotta pull up, pull up by his himself though. Yeah, stuff. He Was excited. He was happy to to come here and sit down with us though. He Definitely was. Even though he still looked like he was standing up when he was sitting there. Absolutely. All right. And when we come back, we got the positive notice, The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club reminding you guys. My car show. We announced two. Of course the one in Hampton, Virginia, which is July 19th. And then the one in New Jersey is August 16th. So if you haven't got your tickets, get your tickets. It's a family fun day. I want you to bring the kids, bring the family. There's Rise, there's entertainment of course. Cars, music, we got bars, we have food trucks.


It's just gonna be a family fun day. Bring the kids kids five and under a free if you haven't got your tickets. Get your tickets now. Now Charlamagne, you got a positive note? I do man. And it is really just simple. It's just simple. On a Monday morning, you know the Be Simone conversation made me think about it. Great success requires great Sac, greatest sacrifice. What's wrong with you man? 'cause he is an idiot. Yo. No, listen, for real great success requires greater sacrifice. But I just want y'all to know not being able to shop at Bloomingdale's no more is not really a sacrifice with your freaking luxury of loving ass. What's wrong with us man? Why do we always wanna look like we got it?


Okay, but don't actually have it. What is wrong with us? Man? Seriously cut it out. Peace Simone. I love you though. Have a great day Breakfast Club bitches. I'm Finish. Or y'all done Career Changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it Pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co. Inc. Toyota. Let's go places. This is Ashley tti from the Ben and Ashley I almost famous podcast. Hi friends. Looking to refresh your wardrobe. Dive into Bo's fabulous collection of trendy dresses, chic tops, cozy sweaters, and fabulous denim With great quality and affordable prices.


It's easy to find your perfect look. Whether you're looking for something summery like for the beach, or if you're looking for just something to pick up your kids in and look actually cute and put together. Visit bm.com today and start your style journey with B Shop now@bm.com. That is bm.com. Let me spell that out for you. BOHM e.com. BOHM e.com. bo.com. It's Madam, Are you ready for hashtag Megan Summer? Megan. Megan, Megan. Megan, would you prefer that I give you a printout that you can read at your own pace? Megan? Yes, it's me. What a shock, et cetera. On June 27th, she Has a smoking hot warrior printed.


Alright, me ax, let's get to work. Are you going to stand in my way? The B is back. Do you think you learned your lesson the first time? Megan? Megan? Oh, This is an iHeartPodcasts.