
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company.


The holidays are here at the Home Depot. So let's get to decorating. Find Your Perfect Tree in our huge assortment of shapes, sizes, and styles. Like the easy to assemble Jackson Noble Fur with pre-lit branches. Perfect for styling with all your favorite ornaments. Or the flocked starry light Frasier fur. With over 1900 pre-lit memory wire branches that keep their shape so it's ready right out of the box. Ooh, find the Perfect Tree now at the Home Depot and enjoy fast and free delivery on select holiday decor subject to availability. See Home depot.com/delivery for details.


This is Rachel Zoe from Climbing In Heels with Rachel Zoe. Being a Delta skymile member comes with more than just miles and great travel. It comes with access to Sky Miles experiences. My new favorite place to find unforgettable events, like an exclusive styling session and cocktails with me, Rachel Zoe. Courtside seats for your favorite team. One of a kind dining concert backstage passes, and much more All available by using your miles head over to delta.com/sky miles experiences to find your next experience and favorite memory, not a Sky Miles member. It's free and easy to sign up and start earning miles today. Terms apply.


You could sit there and listen to ads, or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple Intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime at t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming 4 20 24. Which sir and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime. Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject To change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply to att.com/iphone four. Detail.


Good morning. USA Yo Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Just Rios. Good morning, Charlamagne to God. Peace to the Planet is Friday. Good morning. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed black and highly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. And our last day before vacation, maybe. Yeah, that's right. You got some sleep. I did get a little bit of sleep last night, actually, actually. But You're excited for more sleep coming Up. I'm excited for more sleep coming up. Yes. I'm definitely excited. I was in, I was in DC yesterday for a quick little second. My man, Frank Mcco You know he had Frank McCall up here before You know he used to own the Los Angeles Dodgers, but now he's trying to buy TikTok.


Yeah. So he had a summit yesterday called Project Liberty's Summit, the future of the internet on the, on the future of the internet. So I was down there in DC moderating a panel with Nancy Mason Connor about the future of the internet. What the hell was that? Nice? Yes. You all right? Yes, ma'am. Well, you asked for winter. We got Winter Hill on the East coast. We got snow in some places. That's Crazy. Where You didn't get no snow. No, I don't like Right. Jersey City though. So it, it is not no snow. Why? Didn't see no snow rain, Man, y'all ain't that far out. But we got snow. It Be talking like it was heavy snow. It wasn't heavy. It still, It's still snow. We got snow like Christmas time or something. It's about an inch You know how sometimes you sleep with a man and his meat so little. You try not to make it count. Why are we Like that? That What? Why, why, why are we talking?


We talking about snow now. We talking about, tell us, tell Us more, girl. Tell Us more. Oh my God. Nevermind. You know there's this thing called I seen you, you texted. It's called Winter vagina. Winter penis. Yes. Winter penis. Yes. What? It had that, What is winter vagina though? I told Y'all about that for years. Winter vagina, I. Don't know about winter vagina, but winter penis, like I always say in the summertime, I'm, I'm seven inches. Three, four in the winter, eight in the summer. But it does get a little smaller in the winter. Uhuh. When I saw it, I didn't think it was real. I saw it on Hollywood. I lock yesterday, but I didn't think it was real. I'm like, so what is Winter Vagina? That's Crazy. I don't know. Did the vagina shrivel up? I don't know. I'm be We gonna figure it out? Must Must Summer stupid. No, I'm sorry. Good morning y'all. Good morning Guys. Sorry. Start so crazy.


So early. Well, Jabre Films will be joining us. Hey, he's a director. He's actually the director that did the new film that Jess Larry is Starting in. I hate, I love you. I hate I love You. That's right. So we gonna kick it with him in a little bit. And then we got front page news. Let's get the show crack. And we got a new joint from Jack Harlow called Hello, Ms. Johnson. Mm. And we'll get that on now it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Little white Snowfall on the ground. Now y'all wanna play Jack Harlow. Jack Harlow, elevator Music You. know what I'm saying? Jack Harlow Elevator. Damn, man. That's hilarious. That was you Talking about new music. Jack Harlow. Hello Ms. Johnson. We gonna be playing that every hour or the hour. Jack And rap though. I'll give Jack cr He can rapping. He can make songs. Yes, he Can. All right, well, let's get in some front Page news. But I get what you're saying to do. Sound like the elevator music.


Oh my God. Well, last night, Thursday night Football, the Cleveland Browns beat the Pittsburgh Steelers 24 19. I'm sure Pittsburgh didn't see that coming. Oh my God. Oh, Pittsburgh. You Not a steal fan no more. I'm a steel fan. No more. But like, I still be watching that game. Yo, I was so mad. Y'all should have won that. Well, I know it's not your team, so they should have won that. Well, yeah, They, they should've. See you just switched teams this year. Now it's only good. Now they got Gorilla to represent. Right. And I know. And as soon as, but look, as soon as I went to the Ravens, the Ravens started losing like they doing all right. But they was losing. And then I left the Steelers and they, they was doing good, but I'm mean they lost to the Browns. Yeah, they lost the Browns. I think. I think the Steelers and Ravens actually got the same record. The Steelers. The Steelers isn't the first in the division. Number One, division A three.


Definitely shouldn't have lost to the Browns last night. Oh. But good morning, Morgan. Mm mm Good morning, y'all. Happy Friday. Envy Charlamagne and Jesse, y'all feeling good? Yes, Ma'am. Raven seven a full, by the way. Alright, so let's get into it. President-elect Trump's allies are coming to his defense after his nominee for Attorney General dropped out, former Florida Republican, Matt Gaetz withdrew his nomination. And Wisconsin Senator Ron Johnson thinks that should not deter Trump from making the pix he wants. And he believes the cabinet process will go fast. Let's hear more from Wisconsin Senator Ron Johnson, The type of people we need aggressive individuals who are willing to engage in the battle that aren't going to shy away from the legacy corporate media who are obviously opposed to President Trump's agenda.


He needs a warrior. But if we start getting a You know unreasonable backlog, I have no problem with recess appointments. He's saying get it done. So of course you missed it. Go ahead, Charlene. No, I was gonna say they, they shouldn't blame that on legacy media because there was, at least from what I read, there was at least eight Republican senators who said it was gonna be a hard no on, on Matt Gaetz. So they wouldn't have had the votes. Right. And if, if, if, in case you missed it, gates was accused of having sex with a minor. He denied the accusations and the results of a house. Ethics committee investigation has not been released because he stepped down from his seat last week. So that document was sealed. Although it has been leaked, it was leaked not by Congress, but You know by someone else. Meanwhile, Trump's defense attorney nominee Pete Hedge Seth.


He will also be on Capitol Hill today playing defense regarding sexual assault allegations from years past as well. A California woman says the President-elect, Trump's defense Secretary pick sexually assaulted her years ago. The Fox News personality hedge Seth confirmed he paid his accuser an undisclosed amount of money for a non-disclosure agreement. Them NDAs. Y'all getting y'all in trouble anyway, VP elect JD Vance and Republican senators are meeting with Hedge Seth today ahead of his confirmation process. Now, back on the topic of Matt Gaetz taking himself out of the consideration for Attorney General, a political scientist, Dr. Susan McManus says, with all the evidence mounting up against him, it was only a matter of time and he really was left with no choice.


Let's hear more from Susan McManus You know there are a lot of Republicans in the Congress that are probably looking at this as a positive because he was distracting too much from the other appointees. But all the evidence that's coming out and the pulling of the plug, so to speak, on his highest aspiration goal so far, the Attorney General, it'll be hard for him to step into another position that would've been given him that much power. It's also good to know that there are still some standards in the Republican party. Right? Like it's still some standards. You know and, and, and maga, I guess I, I personally think Matt Gats was a social experiment. They nominated Matt Gats and if there wasn't any pushback on him, who knows what he would've, they would've tried to do.


That's funny that you say that. I actually believe that same theory, that it's almost like go to the extreme and then if that doesn't work, bring it back a little bit and nobody will have a problem with it You. know what I mean? And if it, and if it does work, we can do really do what we want. Right. Okay. So, so Gates did take to social media yesterday, and it's clear saying that it's a clear that his confirmation was unfairly becoming a distraction to the critical work of the Trump Vance transition. Of course, it's not known yet. Oh, no. It is known yet now that at the time it wasn't known yet at that time. But now President-elect Trump. Of course, he's announcing his new pick for Attorney General, general Pam Bondy for the position saying in a post on truth social, that she will refocus the DOJ to its intended purpose of fighting crime and making America safe again.


No, Y I don know anything. I don't know anything about her. I have no idea. All right. Well, I was gonna, I'm like, all right, well, yeah, Pam Bondy. So she's the new pick for Flo Attorney General in, in Oh Yeah, I know who that is. Oh, You know him? Yeah. That's that old girl. Yeah. Okay. That's who was on the thing last night. Got you. Got you. Girl. Never heard of it. Yeah. Alright. I, I'll do some research over the weekend. Never heard of It. Okay. Alright. Well, Alright, y'all. So yeah, that's front page news. Biden had a Celtics, Boston Celtics VI visit yesterday at the White House.


We'll talk about that at seven o'clock. Do You know they were the Celtics? That's crazy. Maybe the, the Was the old NBA team that played in Delaware. The Delaware or something. I don Know NBA champion the New England Patriots. What? Okay. He did hold y'all. He definitely, he definitely had a little hiccup. He was like the Boston Buck Did. Like He did, He did the Boston Tea Party. I was there. I was there. I poured a cup for George Washington. Hey, Yo. All right. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open again. (800) 585-1051. Call us up right now. Is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The.


Breakfast. Club. Wake up. Wake up. Wake your ass. This is your time to get it off your chest. Mad or blessed? We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello. Who's this? Good morning. This is Larry. What's up Larry? What's your matter, Larry? Oh, thought you said this is her. I was like, oh Lord. Here we go. I'm sorry, Larry from Marilyn. How y'all doing? What's up Larry? Larry, get it off your chest, Larry. Yeah, I was turning off the picks now I knew it was expected, but I was a little bit concerned that there's not one black person in this cabinet. I mean, not in the Ben Carson by McDonald's. Even Can Owens It was little suspect of me. I know, suspect. But it should be some questions like what's the reason why?


Hey, hey, Larry, Larry, Larry, you don't give a damn. Cut it out. Hell yeah. You acting like you can. You really don seen Instagram, We social On off his chest. What, what position? What position? Well, I'll say this. I, I'll say this, I'll say this because I, I did vote for Trump as a black man, but my only reason was because I felt like it was between my state and my race. So I knew I had to choose between one and just the policy. She was pushing specifically with the abortion, the transgenderism man, I know Trump's a criminal and all that, but his policy specifically Lot more. See, so when you say faith and race, what do you mean? Being I don I. Don't get it. Because If I, if I vote for Trump, I'm going against my race because obviously the racism. But when I'm looking at Harris Oh, gotcha. I liked everything about her.


Everything was good. She had the policies on her website, all that. But just those two policies of ground abortion and entres and was a big deal breaker for Me. Well, there's no need to be a, there's no need to fret. There will definitely, he'll definitely have somebody black be the head of hud. Now if he doesn't put somebody black, the head of hud, then we gonna have a, there's, there's probably gonna be an issue. Goodbye, Larry. I appreciate it. What If you make Kodak Black, the head of hud? Oh my God. Yo. Oh my God. Hell And Ray J Yo, that be Donald Trump gonna make Kodak Black the head of Hud man. What's Ray j What's Ray J's job? I don't know nothing but Kodak Black will be. That would fun. Ray J would be a good pick too. Damn. Who gonna be the head of hun Ray? Trump? Don't even want Ray Kodak Black.


I get at to Kodak. Kodak, yeah. Ray J needs something else. Yeah, I can see Ray J doing it though. He Flip flopped too much for Trump. Trump can't trust Ray. Hello? Who's this? Hey, this is Bobby from North Carolina. How y'all, What's up Bobby? Get it off your chest. I'm just trying to figure these women out out here in North Carolina. Man, look, check this out. What kind of women? What kind of women? Well, You know what I'm, I'm a I'm gonna take that pack of steps. Not all women. I'm used to dating. What you trying to figure out about 'em? Yeah. Why, why, why? Why are we on the verge of becoming the multimillionaire? I got five in you working on right now. They wanna I, don wanna shy away from you one back down way talking about people gonna, you gotta, you gotta you gotta target on your back for all these things that you coming up with.


But no, I'm gonna still continue to live life as I'm living it right now. So right now, yo, I'm, I'm, I'm like, I'm like homeless right now. God, God, God put put my life a nice large SUV. So I sleep in it. But right now I'm on the verge of coming a multimillionaire. Are you on the verge of being a multimillionaire? You got a bunch of inventions that you've created and one of 'em about to hit is what you're saying? Mm. One of 'em is about to hit though. And, and the ladies, the ladies are not looking out for you, but you about to be filthy rich. But right now, you living in your truck Right now? I'm living in my truck. So you mad at the women because they're not holding you down? No, they ain't holding me down. I'm married. I married one, married one.


And, I, And, I. Think you lying. You married, you Got a bunch of women and you, you about to Hit. I think you just lying. I say a bunch of women. I said I'm dating one. Oh, you married someone and You, you dating one and you still worrying about other ones? No, I'm not worried About other ones. I, well, actually, I'm just worried about one though. And she's not the one I'm Married to This man giving me a headache. Yeah, well you have a good one with your cluster. Just told you to hang up on him. All right. Not right. I just think he lying. It just sound like everything he said was a lie. I got five inventions and I'm about on the verge of being a multimillionaire, but I'm homeless living out my truck.


But I got a wife, And I got a girlfriend. But I'm worried about what all these other girls doing. Like shut Up man. Yeah. Thank God for the SUV. That big SUV to sleep in. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, hopefully you better have the same industry. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello? Who's this? Oh my gosh. Did I get through? Oh My gosh. God. Who's this? Oh my gosh. This is Amanda from Virginia. Virginia. 7, 7, 5, 7. What up, Amanda? Get it off your chest. Okay, so like, I just quit my teaching job.


I'm gonna try not to cry because it was something really hard for me to, to give up and everything after six years. And I'm scared right now because I have no idea what I'm supposed to do or anything like that. And I just turned 28. And I feel like I'm failing at life. So I need some advice. You are not failing at life, man. You know. I, one of my affirmations this morning was embrace everything that happens to you and You know being that you 28, you'll realize this as you get older. Everything is just part of a process. You gotta trust your instincts. Your instincts told you that you didn't want to teach no more, right? Right. All right. So, so that's like my mental health is impacting so badly. Like I was having panic attacks and everything.


It's just teaching is not what it used to be at all. And so I, I love the kids used to love the profession, but I just felt so undervalued and unappreciated. Like it was just, it was hard. So right now I'm up because I'm about to go Instacart and hopefully I'll make a little something. I still, I figured this out. So And I think That's, I just have to get that. That's what you should do. My mom is a public school teacher. I was a public school teacher. So I understand. I think that y'all are very un, un underpaid, undervalued and, and underappreciated. So thank you for your service as a teacher. But now you just gotta pray and see what God is gonna lead you next. Yeah. Because he's, he's, God is definitely telling you that you should be doing something else.


You just gotta, you probably already know what it is. You probably just scared to do it right now. Right? Yeah. You already Know what it is, don't you? You said what? Can I put my cash up out there too? Maybe somebody can help me Out. That's not what, that is not, that is not what God wants. I said God, I'm sorry for laughing. God told me to put the cash out there no more. What else didn't you man? What else God got for you? Tell me what else God is telling you to do before we get to the Cash app To go Instacart this morning. Instacart. Honestly, I'm up. Super. So that, that's all I got at the moment. One One step one one step at a time. Go ahead then. Go Ahead. Go ahead with your cash. Cash app. I rather Cash app than only fans. Go ahead, mama. There you go. See? See? Alright, it's ine Amanda capital A-M-A-N-D-A-N-I-C nine six.


Hold on now say it again. A-M-A-N-D-A. Yes. NIC nine six NIC nine. Oh Amanda, Nick. 9 6 96. Amanda Chandler. That's you. Yes. You look like a school teacher. Aw, you gonna put something in her Cash app? Yeah, I just sent her a little, so, Oh, there you go. All right. I Just sent you, I I love school teachers, man. I think school teachers y like I said, I think y'all are undervalued and underappreciated and we trust our kids with y'all every day. Yeah. And we live in a messed up society because y'all should be making six figures a year just because of what y'all gotta deal with, to be honest with you. So, yeah, It's hard. It's hard out here. Now You know I wanna go into the mental health field. I wanna complete career switch.


So I'm just hoping it all works out. I'm gonna pray on it. And thank you guys. Advice And. I. I really appreciate you guys taking my call. I listen to you guys every morning. Did you get, I appreciate It. You got what I sent you. It said it went through. Yes it did. Thank you so much. I appreciate All. No problem. Have a good one. A good day. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5. One of you need to vent. You can hit this up. Your bed connected to your Scully. Yep. Don't It look like that's a matching set. Yo. No, no, no, no, no. I'm not getting that. Yo. That's funny though. That's not funny. Look like it's a matching set. That's not Funny. We got that fresh dye on the day. Boy, that's not funny. I might, might invest in a bid Scully, but that's not it. We have just with the mess coming up, ma'am.


Yes, yes. Diddy's legal team is now saying that that video of him and Kasie was altered in some type of way. Oh my God. We Won't get into it. There's no way that video can look. No way. But anyway, decent. There's no way We gonna get into it. All right, we'll get to that. Next is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Yeah. It's the world's most dangerous morning to show. The Breakfast Club Charlemagne tha God. Just hilarious. I don't know what the hell DJ Envy is, but it's time for just the best Real H Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't nobody Why? Just worldwide On The, Breakfast Club.


She's a culture shooter. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you To see. It's time to set it on. So Diddy says he was portrayed as a dangerous man. Diddy is accusing, federal prosecutors have shown the judge an edited version of his Cassie assault video to make him seem more dangerous than he actually is. According to the new documents filed by Diddy and his attorneys, they claim that the government has the full video, most likely that's the version that we all saw. But they're alleging that the prosecutors changed the order of events to, to offer their most powerful evidence of danger and obstruction. Did He also claims that the video shows no evidence of a freak off just a domestic dispute in which he ran down the hallway of a hotel to recover his clothes and cell phone.


I don't, I don't believe, I don't believe this. They actually put that out. Yeah, that's what they putting out, is that he's also claiming that he didn't drag Cassie down the hallway and didn't throw a vase at her head. So what we all saw is not what we all saw, is what he's saying. Oh, he's saying He, yeah, he's saying he, I guess he didn't throw the vase at her head. He just threw it at the wall, I guess he's saying. But we did see him shut, kick her Man shut down And all that other stuff. Right. He shut only the contents of the vase. He didn't throw the vase. So basically he's saying, I took the flowers out. And I threw the flowers at a, I know Dicky trying to get bail because he is tired of eating jail food. And you probably wants to come home from, come home from Thanksgiving, but y'all gotta shut the F up fell. And that's the kind of statements y'all gonna be putting out. Y'all might as well just keep those. I Mean, it's like how do, how can you call yourself a lawyer and you decided to go through with this?


That's, that's what you writing on your sticky notes. That's what you want your lawyer go with. Yeah, that's what I saying. Yeah. Like, come on man. Look, he insists that the video is really just a sad glimpse into a decade long consensual relationship and not evidence of a coerced freak off or sex trafficking. He believes the prosecutors are trying to make him look more dangerous than he actually is. So the judge will continue to deny his bail. Yeah. I mean, I mean, one don't have It makes no sense. Yeah. Video one Don't have nothing to do with the other. Yes. Right. Don't try to downplay that video. Exactly. Exactly. That's exactly it. Like yeah, the, the, the, the him beating up Cassie has nothing to do with his free cause. But that video is still disgusting, nasty. You can't say, well, I didn't throw the Vs. And I went through The flowers. Wasn't not. Yeah. Nah. And that's also one of the reasons it it is, it's hard for anybody to give Diddy the benefit of the doubt.


Mm. Because he lied and said that Cassie was lying. And then here comes a video. Mm. And now you're saying that the video was altering, like you said, just we didn't see what we saw. Absolutely. I think that's crazy. Yeah. That's wild. Yeah. Sha booze leaves CMA empty handed. The CMA is empty handed. This year, Shazi was nominated for two CMAs, new artists of the year and single of the year for a ball song Tipsy. But the, and the song spent 18 weeks on the top of the billboard, hot 100 and is up for several Grammy Awards. And I actually like that song. That song is, it's a dope song. My Jam. Hell yeah. He even performed the song at the award show. However, after country singer Cody Johnson won the album of the year. His pr, his producer Trent Willman accompanied him on stage and threw some shade at Sha Booze.


It takes an army of people to make a great record. But I gotta tell you, this is for this cowboy who's been kicking Sha booze for a lot of years. Y'all Cody Johnson, I don't understand what he was trying to say there. What I like, I Kicking shi booze. Like what is he, is he, is he trying to use Sha booze as like slang? Like No, I, yeah. Like kicking ass longer than Sha Booze. Like basically he been in the game. He been doing this longer than Sha Booze has. That's what I got from it. And. I. Just think it in the, I know if I was Cody, I'd be like, yo, don't say that on my behalf. Like, 'cause he, Cody looked surprised. Like I didn't know he was gonna go up here and throw shade. That was obviously shade. I just didn't understand his state.


Because You know how some people say kicking game. Yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah. I've been kicking ass for years Back the day he was kicking flavors and he was like, I thought he was just saying kicking Chazy. Like he was just trying to sound cool. No, I didn't know what the hell he was. No. He was throwing shade. Like obviously. And It's, it's crazy because you look at black artists, right? And black artists lead Country. Charles the longest reigning song with Lil Nas X and right behind it, the Shazi and if Shazi gets one more week, he's gonna be tied with Lil Nas X. Yep. And the fact that he came home with not one award just seems crazy. Yeah. And Jab Booze responded to the Shade with a tweet saying, ain't nobody kicking me. You know. And he posted a picture of him in the back of his, it looks like a tour bus or whatever. Oh that is not, oh my God, it's country. No, no. Yo, it's a bag of a nice sprinter it looks like.


Okay. Alright. But yeah, shout to shi booze Chad. GBT shout booze. Yeah. Or what? Kicking sha booze mean. He like what Does kicking shi booze mean? And I. See what I mean? Cat Chat, GBT gonna be like, I don't know boy. Like what? Why you do that? I got another story sir. Go ahead. Alright, so future reflects on Kendrick's, like that verse. So he sat down with GQ Future Dead and during the interview he spoke on how he felt about Kendrick's verse on like that specifically the part where he mentions the big three. Think of it. Go ahead. My bad. Lemme hear Ptsd, the big three. It's just big me. So the big three Kendrick is referring to, of course we know is Drake, j Cole and himself.


Right. But Future said I'm supposed to be the one who gets mad. I'm still confused about that. Nobody cares what I think that was so effed up about that was so effed up about the s to the point where I'm so player. I ain't even say nothing about how I feel about it. Like why is everybody mad when he was talking about me on my song? So y'all just forgot about me. I ain't a part of the big three. I'm, I'm nobody on my own song, man. And then future later clarified that he doesn't actually have a problem with any of the big three artists. He said, I ain't got nothing to be mad about, find something I should be mad at them about. Then I guess I'll be mad. Which kind of seems contradicting to me. Like why you say something in the first place. I mean like, why do they talk backwards and forwards and backwards and forwards? Like what is going on?


I mean, future's not part of the big three. He's part of the Fantastic Four. But if you ask me, I keep, I done told y'all he, he, he's the biggest out of, I mean You know it it it is been repositioned now, right? Yeah. Because at at this moment, at this current moment is Kendrick. But historically, right, it's been kind the last couple of years. But that's 'cause Kendrick takes his breaks. Yeah. But future, future bigger than all Future than the most impactful the most to the culture. Yes. Influential. Yep. To the culture. Yep. When you look at record sales and numbers and number one albums and all of that stuff, the only person that tops him in that category is Drake. Drake. I'm sure It's like future one in ones. But as far as the Culture's concerned, future's high. Definitely more influential than any of them. Yeah. Yeah. Drake had to do a collaboration album with Future You.


know what I mean? Yeah. But as far as like understanding lyrics and always what's being said, I think Kendrick j Cole and Drake Big three 'cause half that stuff that future come out with we, well I don't understand, but We know it's not just about bars though. That's the only thing I don't like about these conversations. Like people act like it's just about bars but it's not because if it was just about bars then how come you don't put Tyler to creator in there? Tyler created Tyler to Creator been kicking Sha booze for the past decade. Oh Are that's cute. Leave him where he at? He he has but not on The level of these. What you mean he can rap, he sells records. Crazy. Not, not on the level of j Cole Kendrick. As far as what? Drake and future, what? You mean rap wise? No, he not rapper. 'cause we talking lyrics. We could talk lyrics, but I'm just talking about as far as influential Tyler Created wins Grammys Tyler created, he just sold 300 something thousand records his first week with his last album y'all talking about.


I mean that's, that's great. But but you can't put A Conversation I don think about when, think about the big three j Cole, Drake and none Of that conversation Kendrick. I don't See why As far as lyricism goes, but that's what I'm talking about. I'm just talking about lyrics, but okay. Yeah. Most impactful, most influential feature for sure. But yeah, anyway, that is just with the mess. Thank You Jess. Yeah. Did you get your, did you get your Google your cha g bt about kick Boozy? Yeah. What is kicking Boo You know cha btb. I said the phrase Kick Usha booze doesn't have a widely recognized or established meeting. See It don't mean nothing. Don't even know a white man Is up there talking, Throwing shade. Alright, When we come back, we got front page news Morgan, what will be joining us? So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's


The Holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola company.


The holidays are here and it's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. The reason I love this so much is because it is the holidays and there's things that I've had family members and friends ask me for throughout the year that I simply would not give them the money to get, but I will get them the actual items. So whether it's laptops, hair steamers, dining sets, makeup, better wigs for Lauren LaRosa, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. So please remember that Amazon Black Friday week is here with deals up to 40% off shop Black Friday week deals now on Amazon. And visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


The holidays are just around the corner. And if you anything like me, that means you'll be hosting all your family and friends, whether it's making holiday cookies or getting your space ready for guests. The Home Depot has furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials at 40% off like the KitchenAid Artisan sir stand mixer. Not only does it look sharp on your kitchen counter, but it also got 10 speeds. A tilt back head for easy ingredient mixing. And a five quart bowl that can whip up. Ready for this nine dozen cookies in one go. Enough for your entire family, friends, neighbors. Oh, and the big guy too. The KitchenAid Artisan Series stand mixer comes with dough hooks, a wire whip, and a flat beater. So it can do a lot of really cool things. The holidays are happening at Home Depot, which means right now you can save up to 40% off select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials. So go to Home depot.com to shop Now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple called Play, and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like Intelligent All Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. Stay farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been. Because Like a good neighbor is State. Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get in some front page news now. Last night at Thursday night football, the Browns beat the Pittsburgh Steelers 24 to 19 and good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. Yeah, let's get into it. Okay, speaking of sports President Biden hosted the 2024 NBA champion Boston Celtics at the White House yesterday in a very cold ceremony on the South lawn. Shees YI was freezing out there. Mm. So the team's victory over the summer, over the Dallas Mavericks earned them the 18th title and broke a tie with the Los Angeles Lakers for the most championships in NBA history man, Larry Bird. I know he happy about that one.


Biden addressed the crowd and congratulated the players, coaches and fans. Let's hear those comments from President Biden yesterday at the White House. I know it wasn't easy, you came close more than once, but you put in the work you clocked one of the greatest seasons ever. 64 wins the best record in the league last year. More points per possession than any team in NBA history. All the playoffs beating the heat in five, the cabs at five and the Patriots at four. Then you dominated Dallas on both ends of the floor and now that 18th championship banner hangs in the rafters With the start of the new season, you're hungry for more total team effort.


I was there when you won your first championship. When the Celtics won their first championship. It was 1957. I was 33 years old. I knew Bob Coy and Bill Russell and Red Auerbach. We were good friends. Well let's, Let's be fair, the Celtics changed their name in 1946. So if he called them the whirlwinds, the unicorns or the Olympics, is that because that's because that's how he probably knew them growing up. This is In his, oh my gosh. What's so funny is that kind of is the majority of the speech though, Charlemagne, like you kind of, you kind of knew the whirlwinds. Oh, you said that is I didn't, he said that for real. You said he is there. He he Did, he did talk about Bill Russell and he talked about how the Celtics were the first team to be at the white, the first NBA championship team to at the White House.


Biden said that his secret service name is Celtic because he's Irish. And as an Irish man, he felt a sense of pride with that trophy. He also joked that Joe Missoula is the youngest head coach to win a title since Bill Russell adding that he knows what it's like to be the youngest and the oldest and he likes being the youngest better. So the Celtics last trip to the White House was in 2008 to meet with then President George W. Bush. So yeah, that's what's going on with basketball. But You know we in a new season, new season, new time, new championship to, to, to gain. So we'll see what happens with that. In other news, California Governor Gavin Newsom says California will once again fight a Trump administration over immigration. On Thursday, Newsom told reporters that he met with a woman who's now refusing cancer treatments because basically she's scared because she's in America illegally.


He also said the incoming Trump administration is designed to instill fear. Let's hear those comments from California. Governor Gavin Newsom, She's getting chemo and she doesn't want to get conditional additional chemo treatment because she's scared to death about Trump's deportation policies because of her status. I, I'm very concerned about the chilling effect of Trump's rhetoric on legal immigration. Not just illegal or irregular immigration. I'm deeply concerned about mixed status families in this state. I'm concerned about our kids feeling safe going to school. Yeah. So with Donald Trump being sworn in as president in about two months, Newsom says California will litigate just as it did in the first Trump presidency. I, I would Like, I I I would like to say that You know Gavin Newsom is making all the right media moves and there is a lot of people in the Democratic Party.


If you're thinking about running in 2028, you probably need to take a page outta his playbook. Like that man has been running a shadow campaign for about a year popping up on Fox News, doing things like debating Ron DeSantis You know he's got his own podcast that comes out every week with Marshawn Lynch and he did something yesterday that was very smart. He went to the counties in California, had voted for Trump and was talking to those people who voted for Trump. He went to go talk to those working class people about the economy. That's just good politics man. Yep. That's interesting that you say that because this comes as the new poll shows most Democrats want Vice President Kamala Harris to be the party's presidential nominee in 2028. Now that poll from Puck News, echelon Insights released on Wednesday found that 41% of likely Democratic voters said they would choose Harris over California, governor Gavin Newsom and Pennsylvania governor Josh Shapiro.


Despite her loss in the recent election. Now Newsom came in second with 8% support and Shapiro came in third with 7% Minnesota governor. Tim Balls and Transportation secretary Pete Buttigieg both got 6% in that survey. About 16% were not sure who they would choose for the next election in 2028. Switching gears though, after Jesse Small's conviction for arranging a hate crime, hoax is being overturned by the Illinois Supreme Court in 2021. Molette was found guilty of disorderly conduct and sentenced to 150 days in prison, but was released after serving six days while he appealed the conviction. Now the actor alleged that in 2019 attackers yelled, racist and homophobic slurs at him before putting a noose around his neck in Chicago.


Now Smo let's attorneys were pleased with the decision. Let's hear more from his attorney. Nene Uche regarding the reversal of the Supreme Court Prosecution should not be based on vindictiveness. This was a vindictive persecution, not a prosecution. Let's not make any mistake about that. The Supreme Court was clear the rule of law and due process have to remain the fundamental process for which the American jurisprudence is wrong. It is not run by public opinion. Yeah. So Uche went on to say that Mette was railroaded and what he's seeing and what we're seeing, excuse me, is the truth now coming out Illinois's highest court, their Supreme Court ruled that the trial violated a M's. Fifth Amendment protections against double jeopardy after a state attorney agreed to drop the original charges.


Now the court said a second prosecution under these circumstances is a due process violation. And so they reversed s Small's conviction. So he should be happy with that. And You know we can put a nice little bow on this whole situation outta Chicago. I'm gonna be honest with you, I don't care. But I will say this. Yeah, a what Do you think Any about that situation? Justin? Anything? No, I just seen one of the, the guys, one of the people that he paid to beat him up was like, he guilty. But I'm glad that he not. I'm glad it over. I was like, damn, think We all kind of glad that this one's over. It's, it was kind of like we were, we were rooted for you. I like, I I heard you said too about Kamala running again too. Morgan, I don't think it's too early to be talking about that kind of stuff. I think it's interesting. She raised over a billion dollars.


She had 74 million people vote for her. That that could be something to build on. She just needs to start campaigning now. Yep. And and what I mean by that is she needs to start getting out there and And I think politicians gotta start controlling their own narratives the way everybody else does. Athletes, comedians, entertainers, financial people, they have their own platforms to connect with folks, whether it's podcasts, whether it's You know engagement on social media. I mean hell even Tru, even Trump got true social, right? So I think she needs to start trying to make those type of connections with people. Now, same way Gavin Newsom is currently doing. But first Thanksgiving, can we take a break? Nearly 800 million Americans are expected to travel over the Thanksgiving holiday. aaa, oh shit. aaa. Predict the past pre pandemic levels and set a new record between November 26th and December 2nd.


Most will travel by car but airlines are gearing up as well. So you guys pack your patients for next week. American Airlines is planning for more than 8 million passengers from November 21st through December 3rd. Southwest says it expects December 1st to be its busiest day as more holiday travel travelers head home. So you guys be safe on the roads so you can be safe on the airs in the air. Be safe traveling period and just have a happy Thanksgiving holiday this time next week will be nice and fat and just sitting back, just gluttonous happy. Well yeah, but this Turkey though, this Turkey though. I hear all that talk about Kamala but this Turkey Turkey though. All Right. Damn. Alright y'all, that's your front page news on Morgan Wood. Follow me on social at Morgan Media.


M-O-R-G-Y-N-M-E-D-I-A. And for more news coverage, follow us at network. Download the, We didn't say it Friday, so You know what that means. I did. Oh You did. It is what are we on? Yes, we are on. Huh? Huh? Hello. How you doing? It's Friday so You know what that means. It's freaking freaking freaking Friday. Hey. Alright. Oh Lord. Now And we can't wait to talk about this Tyler. We've been talking about this since we got in this morning. Hey yo. Now the freaky, freaky, freaky, freaky Friday topic is talking about winter penis in winter vagina. Tell 'em about this phenomenon. Okay? You know I've been telling y'all about this For years now. Winter vagina.


'cause I had no idea what this was. Never heard about that And I actually heard this story on Hollywood unlocked. So don't, I didn't bring, make this up or anything like that. Now winter vagina is usually in the winter when women see, I guess their vaginas get very dry. That's your excuse. And have a lack of natural lubrication. That's your excuse the term because it the winter vagina. Yes. So that's what it is. You gonna blame this dryness on this season. So Yo, so that's when it's drier Winter vagina. That's right. Research on vaginal health tends to focus more on issues like bacterial infections, issues related to fertility and childbirth and, and vaginal changes during menopause. But winter vagina is a thing and a lot of women suffer this in the winter.


They are not as wet as usual. That's 'cause you had a hot girl Summer. You better go to the doctor. That's right. That's right. And winter penis is when men's organs, their sexual organs, their testicles and penis reduce up to 50%. Mm. Usually happens in men's men five, five and shorter. So I'm sure it happens with you charlamagne. I've been talking about this for years because I mean we all know that when it's a certain temperature, when it's a certain temperature, you can You know look and see that there's changes. The shrivel and your testicles. Yes. You know I'm seven inches three fourth when it's cold out. I mean when it's cold out. When it's warm, I'm about eight. Yes. I don't know about no 50% Decrease. I was just, well I was just joking about the size.


But it says as the temperature drops the male, why do you joke about that? This is serious Information. As the temperature drops, the male penis and testicles seem to reside into the body to maintain body heat resulting in restricted by blood flow. Recede. I meant, I meant recede. I about To say subpoenas always resides on the body. That's what it's, I meant receded. Whatcha talking about I'm not a doctor. Ladies gentlemen. So 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Does this happen to you ladies? Do you get winter vagina? Is your vagina dry right now? Like Vegas. Oh my god, Fellas, do you have small penis like issues like Charlemagne? Let's discuss 800. This is a stupid topic. Five eight. 5 1 0 5 1. My, is this stupid?


Because You really want somebody to call me like Yes, I've been dry. And I. Don't know why. Like yo, it happens. It happens. You Be surprised. Yo. All Right. Alright, let's, let's, let's discuss, let's talk about it's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. He a fan. He a fan here. He has he a 69 God The Breakfast. Club Freaky. It's freaky. Call in now. (800) 585-1051. Hey look, we wanna Hear from you on The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club, if you just joining us is Friday. So You know what that means.


It is freaky, freaky, freaky Friday. And the freaky freaky Friday question comes from Hollywood unlocked. It says a doctors are warning a rise of winter penis and winter vagina. They're claiming that cold weather can reduce male organ size by up to 50% and cause drought mode for women. Hmm. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. And I'm just reading through the cons before we go into the room. One guy said finally an excuse I can use. Nah ma, I'm not that big until the summertime. Another girl just said that's a lie. I'm, I'm, I'm a water slide all year round. Somebody else said, damn. Well yeah, I I got a few inches to spare. Somebody else said, yeah, I get a little dry.


So does this happen with you? No, honestly, no it don't. I, this is the first time I ever heard of it. But didn't it also say something about Age? No, no, no, no, no. Nothing. Nothing about that. Oh, okay. Yeah, no I, it is never happened to me. Well Charlemagne talks about it happening to him all the time. No, I've, because I've always told y'all historically that You know in the winter I'm seven inches straight fourth, but when it's hot out I'm eight inches. So yes You know that there is some type of shrinkage. You said 50% earlier. I don't believe that. But there is some level of shrinkage. I don't know nothing about the the driver. A giant ain't win though. That's the first, I ain't never heard that. Yeah, I don't know where it's coming from. We got cash on the line. Cash. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning everyone. What's going on? Cash. You got a itty bitty in the summer huh? Yo.


Nah, itty bitty in the winter You. know what I'm saying? When there's a winter trying to say some crazy, when that weather change be coming in, I be talking to it like Brody, you okay Outside Hot it. You gotta tuck it a little bit nervous When it be cold outside. This is a true thing. A true Thing. Just tug it a little bit. Tuck it a little bit. You know when you in the house and when it's flacid and just make sure the temperature in the house is is the summertime temperature and it'll get right back My man 74 degrees all the time. There you go. All The time. There you go. Four. There You Go. Well thank you. Not the elasticity. You gotta stretch it. Well we got and pull it and tug it. You do. We got somebody on the line right now that knows more about this than all of us. We have Trav on the line.


Haan. That's right. Trav said That's right Trav. Let's talk about that dry booty in the winter. What? But Traps and booties are dry all season. That's why. That's why you got baby oil and Ky Not, not the booties. I mess with baby. Them things. Them things be I don. Dunno what you talking about. Damn. You started with that. Yo, see you go too far. That's why you don't play with game man. They go too far blood all over The pillow. All right. Yo. But listen, I do wanna talk about tripled up penises Jesus Because I have, I have seen in the wintertime that You know sometimes, especially like in the morning when we take showers, I had this ex, and mind you he was a rower, And, I the shore. But he used to like triple up and it was like a magic trick.


How I would just like X in one Day. What it look like A ripped backwood. Like You know when you un, you open up a backwood but then it rip a little bit so you just throw it to the side and open grab duck. What? Jesus Christ. That's dirty Well, You know what? Well, he was Spanish, so he was uncut. So it was a little, it definitely looked a little weird. This Enough? Yeah. Goodbye. All right. Goodbye Travis. Y'all crazy justt my traffic. You Can't ask people to call in and give their experiences and then tell 'em it's TMI. The hell's wrong with you. Hello. Who's this? Erica. Hey, Erica. Good morning. We're talking about winter vagina. Is that a real thing? I think it's a real thing. Listen, just like your skin get dries in the wintertime, I believe your, your vagina can get dry as well. So it's important to stay hydrated, stay moisturized, You, know by any means necessary so that You know you don't become I.


Don't know, Erica. I don't have that problem, But Erica tell the truth because God, God is watching. Are you speaking You know. Are you speaking from experience? No problem. Vagina I. Don't struggle with it, but I I do believe it could be a real thing for real. Erica, are you speaking from experience? Tell God is watching you, Erica. Okay. God can bless you with all the good, good you need right now. But if you lie about it, okay, you gonna be dry for the rest of the winter. Now tell the truth. I'm just saying, I could see how it could be a real thing. All right? Now, now you said you put moisturizer on it. What, what do you put on what? How do you moisturize your vagina? Ma? First Of all, you should be asking These questions. I'm just curious.


What Do you do? I wanna know The lubricant. So you have to stay active, of course. So that it's naturally lubricated. I don't believe in you being Ky Jelly and all of that You know just by keeping the motion going. Oh, okay. All right. Well thank you Erica. You're Welcome. Can I, I get my birthday, my daughter a birthday. Shout out All this talk. Yes. You definitely need to give a doctor a birth birthday. Shout out. She your daughter. I've Been in the game a long time. Okay. It's my oldest daughter's 17th birthday. Her name is Aniya and I'm so proud of her. She's such a good girl. Alright. And. I had her when I was 19 years old, so I'm just excited that we made it so far. Can I put her cash app out there in case somebody wants to bless her?


Sure. Yes you can. Ma'am. Are you going? Is she gonna get the money? She's, I'm giving you her cash app. Alright, Good. What is it? Oh, hey Jess girl. Congratulations. Hey boo. Thank you. You're welcome. So it's Maya N-I-Y-A-H-D-A as in do D as in dog, A as in apple. Dawn, DON 1 1 2 2. You wanna put your cash app out there because I know it's probably kind of dry right now. You you stupid. You stupid. You stupid. Oh my God, I sure will. Goodbye. I I sure will. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is Friday. So You know what that means. It's freaky, freaky, freaky Friday And doctors are warning of a rise of winter penis and winter vagina claim that the cold weather can reduce a male organ size up to 50% and cause drought mode, quote unquote drought mode for women.


Let's discuss this. This happened to you. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. It's freaky Friday. Hey Look, Where am I freaks at? Call in now. (800) 585-1051. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Morning Everybody. It's Steve J nv, just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast Club. It's Friday. So You know what that Means. It's freaky, freaky, freaky Friday. Now this topic comes off of Hollywood on Locked. They say Doctors warn a rise of winter penis and winter vagina claiming that cold weather can reduce male organ size up to 50% and cause drought mode for women.


Now Charlemagne says he deals with both of those. First of all, I've been telling y'all this for years. I mean, if you've been looking in The, Breakfast, Club for 15 years, I've been telling y'all for 15 years that I'm seven inches three. Four when it's cold out. Eight when it's warm. So You know clearly there's something to that clearly. Okay. Alright. Well well Does it happen to you? You No, it Doesn't not happen. Doesn't Happen to you? Okay. No, doesn't happen to you. My penis don't shrink. I'm not about you. I don't think you should be talking to him. Jeff. He look like he undercover. Don't he look like a he look like don't he look like a Dominican cop trying to blend in in a black neighborhood? Oh my gosh. Love a Hey You. know what A pound are more than my Breakfast Club family. What's up Lovey? Lovey lovey. They picking on me now. Now Lovey.


In case that we have any, in case anybody new listening to The, Breakfast Club, you have to tell people why you are a Lifetime Breakfast Club caller and tell him your story. He wasn't I'm a Lifetime. I'm a lifetime Breakfast Club caller. And, I, AMM. Mr. 13 and a half. 13 and a half inches of penis. Y'all just want y'all to, to know not everybody, we got new listen every day. What Else are we talking about? But I wanna say this, I think I get bigger during the winter. I Know that's right. That's a lie. What you mean bigger? You already 13 and a half. You already 13 and a half. Like how big? I'm like, come on, God damn. Why you start stuttering? You got, you got nervous thinking about all that destroy.


Yo, I cannot deal with y'all. So you got love. I just wanna say this though. First of all, yo, hold up. Lovey, lovey, this man just called you lovely after, after stuttering over your penis size. Your name. His name is, that's Mr. Inches. Yo, You did not say that. Yeah, he did call you Mr. Inches before. Alright. Thank you sir. Have a nice one. I love y'all. Love. Love you too. Love. I'm not saying I love you. Honestly. Love you ain't really gotta say much. You know you got 13 and a half mention You. know you don't say nothing. Hello? Who's this? Oh my gosh. Charlemagne. The God Just hilarious. And CJ Vy.


Good morning. Good morning. Good morning Honey. Now do you suffer with Winter Vagina? You said What do you suffer with? Winter Vagina. So let me tell you, I'm on my way. I'm 43 years old. My husband is 56. We are actually flying from Raleigh, North Carolina to go back home to Brooklyn Jersey to bury my mom. Oh, sorry to hear that condolences. Thank you so very much. And it's crazy 'cause I was like, I'm going through like the Yeah. And I. I, I'm so grateful for you Charlemagne. Like you talk about mental health.


I You know I, I take a supplement, I take a sertraline that helps me. My husband is amazing in supporting me in my mental health and all that. But even I used the, that thing took my sex drive away. And. I was mad. Oh, so you drive So, I mean, but you got various reasons for being dry. Yeah. It's not just the winter season. It's A lot going on. Yeah, No, I mean I got the bomb ass of and just hilarious. I can't believe I'm talking to you because my husband You know what's interesting about this. Such a crush on You. Oh my God, That weird. You, you na you named all of these things that I guess are making your vagina dry. But then also you think about the winter and there is such thing as winter depression as well.


Mm Oh yeah, the, the lack of vitamin C and B. So I found out when I went to my doctor, my general practitioner, he supplied me with a big amount of vitamin B, B, C 12, certain things that us women as black women and please go on my Instagram so you can see me and my mommy. What is your Instagram? It's at JAIM as in Mary, ELUB under one. I think that's it. I'm all alone. Well condolences in you and your family sending you and your family healing energy. I'm sending your mental health.


Follow me. Huh? You used to, you used to go to the barber shop with my dad. What? Barbershop? Dang Fire. Oh yeah. On oh in the city in New New York. 48th. Yeah. 48th. Yep. Absolutely. Salute the fire ain't fire. My Dad is Minister Mark. He's minister Mark, I wanna send you his book. Oh please do man. I'm gonna be honest with you. This has been the most random phone call ever had In a long time. And I. You going Everywhere. You started off talking about your vagina being dry. Then you said your mom died. Yeah. You Said I don't wanna play no more with her. And Then he felt so yo, you should have seen. 'cause the first thing that she asked him when he asked him was like, are you suffering from winter vagina?


And she was like, oh no, I'm burying my mom. And he was like, whoa, I don't wanna play no more. I don't wanna play. I'm done playing. Her husband Got a crush on me. Yes. This is weird. Yeah. Get her address so she can send me Minister Mark book. Yeah, we are. Her husband got a crush on jazz. Like Yes. Yeah. God bless him man. You gotta a crush. You had a crush on Minister Mark. Yeah. Gotta crush on Minister Mark. My dad know it's A lot going on. It's A lot going on in that call. Woo. Alright, y'all wanna go to one more call or no? No, I'm done too. I'm done too. I'm done too. Is there moral to the story? I don't know. Like she just, No, that nah, that People heard that last call. They all shriveled Up. Yeah man. Yeah. Like damn. It's all, it's no moral. It's no moral. 'cause there's no way you can, you can escape, win a vagina or win a penis.


So just stay warm. I don't believe in the win a vagina thing. I believe in the winter penis. I don't Believe win vagina thing either. I don't know. I think it's just, it could be various reasons why you dry. Yep. Yeah. 'cause you dry. Yeah, that's it. Everybody just ain't leaky. Everybody just don't have that. Oh okay. Alright. Well we got just with the mess coming up. Yes. Chris Burn went on constant. Not live and lied. Some he and multiple relationships. He only doing it 'cause I got a baby. But yeah, we'll get into it. Jesus. Okay, we'll get into that. Nexus. The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast. Club. And yo, I want to tell everybody tomorrow, man, monks corner, South Carolina, my hometown, the 8 4 3. I'll be at Berkeley High School student parking lot from 9:00 AM to 11:00 AM from our 11th annual Turkey giveaway.


So that's right. I see y'all tomorrow amongst Kona. Also And I. I wanna shout out Dr. Puma from Sorin Medical. And I Wanna encourage you guys to definitely check out Sorin Medical. Now, Charlemagne, And I both did it. My wife did it yesterday. We gonna encourage just to do it as well. It's just a, a heart scan where they check your heart and make sure that your arteries are, are flowing good and not Just your heart. All your cardiovascular, Well everything. They, they check your liver, they can see your lungs and all that. And they can see if, if everything is working right, if there's blockage, if there's calcium blocking the veins, all that. If you need a stent. And some of these things that they can do can actually save you if you are about to have a heart attack in You know in the next couple of months or years or whatever it may be. Yeah, all You hear all these stories about people having strokes, people having You know heart attacks, it's because of blockages that they be having in their arteries.


That widowmaker. That's right. I've been there a couple of times already. 'cause you


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with a nice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola company.


The holidays are here and it's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway. Now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. The reason I love this so much is because it is the holidays and there's things that I've had family members and friends ask me for throughout the year that I simply would not give them the money to get, but I will get them the actual items. So whether it's laptops, hair steamers, dining sets, makeup, better wigs for Lauren LaRosa, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. So please remember that Amazon Black Friday week is here with deals up to 40% off shop Black Friday week deals now on Amazon. And visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


The holidays are just around the corner. And if you anything like me, that means you'll be hosting all your family and friends, whether it's making holiday cookies or getting your space ready for guests. The Home Depot has furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials at 40% off like the KitchenAid Artisan Sirius stand mixer. Not only does it look sharp on your kitchen counter, but it also got 10 speeds. A tilt back head for easy ingredient mixing. And a five quart bowl that can whip up. Ready for this nine dozen cookies in one go. Enough for your entire family, friends, neighbors. Oh, and the big guy too. The KitchenAid Artisan Series stand mixer comes with dough hooks, a wire whip, and a flat beater so it can do a lot of really cool things. The holidays are happening at Home Depot, which means right now you can save up to 40% off select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials. So go to Home depot.com to shop now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent All Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. Stay farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been. Because Like a good neighbor is State. Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


By the way, my anxiety's set up You know you might I need, I need, I need to make sure I need a second opinion. Right. You went there how many times already? I've been there twice. For yourself? Yes. I've been in that machine twice. Why? Because he Says I Well I, he said I don't have to go for another eight Years. That's what he told me the first time I went to. But I make sure you weren were back. You just was like, I needed you. Make sure You know. It's like it was like the way you was when you got your prostate check. How you just kept going back a couple times. No, when you told me that that was a lie. Remember when you told me that? I did not tell you that. When you said you had the polyps in your butt. No, I did have polyps in my butt. But no, that's not what I tell you. I just, I went back, just went to just, it just got it done. But anyway, whoop. Be piled up. Been there like where? Where it come from? The bumps.


Oh you got a bumpy butt? It's called polyps. Polyps. She said a bumpy butt. You got a bowl. Oh you got a bumpy button. Just said whoop be piled up in there. See that's why I'm be talking medical stuff with you man. Let's get the Jess with the mess. Come on real. Don't do no lie. She don't nobody worldwide. Worldwide. On The. Breakfast, Club. She's a cultureship. She was Able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to See if it's time to set it on. What be piled up in there? Penis is a Christmas pass that's gonna be in there.


Oh my God. Screwed. See what you started. Screw you nigga screwed. Oh my God. I thought you was on my side. Jess, go Jess. Alright, my Bad. Okay. Anyway, so Chris Brown was on Kai And I Stream and while he was there, Kai asked him about his love life. I don't know why he Relationship right now. Me and my relationship. Yep. I'm in multiple, what you mean like more than one girlfriend or something like that. Okay. And how do you balance that? Because that's a lot of balance. Unless they just, just keep it a hundred. The most expensive thing you ever got from a girl, man. One, one thing. Probably like a, probably like a three, 400,000 ring. Three 400,000 ring.


Yeah. Ring here. God damn. Not like a wedding ring. Just a ring. Like a promise ring. Yeah, something like that. I. don, you watched that whole scream didn't you Jess? Yes, of course. Well I don't know why he does that. Like he first of all talk, first of all, admitting to him being in multiple relationships. He's only doing that because he's mad that I just had a baby and because yeah. And the last thing that Chris Brown was like, he was like, oh you gonna try and get a Chris that look You know another, another IGA named Chris and all that. Like You know how bitter xs be or whatever. So he going go on Kai streaming You know his little alive and gonna stay there and they gonna tell him about a ring that he bought. And you jealous. Definitely jealous.


Jealous of what? You are jealous, jealous About the ring. The whole situation sweetheart. Excuse me. The ring. What? Anyway, what? What just got on her finger. Bought you? Huh? What? Just wait, wait, wait. What? What just got on her finger though? What? Yeah. So some things you just don't give back. Moving on. That's why you wore that today. Yeah, I seen that stream. I was like, all right, I'm gonna bring it out. That Is a big ass ring. You there? That's huge. Pause. So yeah. Wow. Get my diamond tested. Move on. Yeah. Almost done. Testing Nick. Yeah. Come Do that. I like that. To again go a diamond test. Test. I like that too. Just bring it in because I Ain't with none of that. Stop playing with me. Yeah And we'll be right back.


I, I want them to know is so foul instead of saying yo, that's dope. He goes bring the diamond test in. I just wanna make sure if you going, if you going to buy my sister something, make sure I need to know it's right. Most definitely. And it is real. Don't play with me moving on until we get the diamond Testa. You Better, y'all better not play with Jess. Please don't DeVito on returning to Africa. On people returning to Africa, not DeVito on returning To Africa. What's wrong with y'all this morning? I'm sorry. You know. Yesterday I spoke about DeVito's opinion on ancestry kits or whatever, but I went back, And I watched the whole interview with big homie and a TL And. I went back and he was speaking on people returning to Africa.


Okay. Remember when they, everybody been saying they gonna go back when Trump wins or whatever. This what he said The question was like, so for if people want to leave America and like try to find those, leave America and go away back home, be honest. Go back where it's not cool back home. My country now is in the economy, now is in shambles. Like I'm an ambassador. So when I go home and I'm filming and showing I'm not gonna show the bad parts, I ain't going to show the Yeah. All the bad parts. You're not gonna try to slow, you're not gonna show show the trenches. No, I I go to the trenches. Yeah. I'm film trenches, but I'm talking about the situation in the country. Yeah. Now the, the exchange rate is messed up. A lot of stuff not going well. The oil prices are too high. We need to produce the oil and we paying more money for oil than a country that's importing the oil regardless.


Entertainment is one of the things that's made Africa look good. Africa is a big place. What country is he talking about specifically in Africa. I don't know if just say Africa period. He didn't specify What part took a whole bunch of countries in Africa. But how is the Vito from the trenches? Ain't he like, like the son of like the wealthiest man in Africa? Wealthiest but one of the wealth, One of the riches men in Africa, His father is wealthy. Okay. Okay. So does that equ the trenches over there? Like what is I have no Idea. Leave America and go away. I know, right? That was funny. Don't Go, Don't go. Speaking of people that actually already left Ellen DeGeneres said that she she's, well she already left. Yeah. Her and her wife p yeah, her and her wife Portia.


They moved to UK According to my sources, they settled in a new home in Cos Waltz. That's about two hours away from London in England. And they reportedly bought the home prior to the elections. They, they been there what It was. Oh, they knew it Was gonna happen. Yeah, exactly. But so to say that they wanted to get the hell out the country before Trump actually takes office. So say that they will likely never come back And Ellen publicly endorsed Kamala Harris. We know that. And even donated to her campaign. I Mean that makes sense 'cause You know a lot of people feel Trump poses a lot more threats to the rights of LGBT people. I was, I actually forgot the Q. Yeah, I forgot a lot of different letters but You know I have time to Use 'em all.


They buy a vow every Monday, every month. What's that for? Yo. But You know I was, I saw an article yesterday in the New York Times. I didn't read it, but the headline was how a Trump presidency might affect benefits for gay couples. So I You know, I can understand Ellen and her, her, her wife. Yeah. You know wanting to look for another option. So they left lickety split. Yeah. Hell yeah. Yeah. That's so funny. No, look, that's what I wanted to know. Right? So I was good when somebody, what you're talking about good. When somebody donates money to your campaign Right? And you lose y'all, y'all don't get that money back. That no, that's so that's just like stock market. Like it like, 'cause it can go up or down like That's right. You Can win or lose. You can win or lose. Yeah. It's, it's like bet betting on, On your favorite football team every weekend.


Oh my. You Lose my God and all. It was so many people that donated millions. Yeah. If you Lose, you Don't get it back. Oh my God. Right. If you win, you don't get it back though. It's just you, your person. Right. I mean, but if you win, I mean that's still good though 'cause they're giving you money so people can vote for you. Right. So you can make people vote for you. Correct. Right. Damn. Good thing Ellen only donated $3,300. That's what she voted. That's what she donated. Yep. $3,300. I do wonder about that though. 'cause if You know, if you feel like he poses a threat to You know L-G-B-T-Q Disney plus people. Yeah, Correct. Should you leave or should you stay and fight that? Especially being that You know you've made your money because there's a lot of people who don't have your money. Who Mm.


Who, who loved you, who invested in you, who invested their time in you, who invested their You know viewership in you when you had your TV show? Who invested your You know money in you? Right? When you sell products, like should you just up and bail up And leave? Mm. I don't know You know You know because you still got a level of privilege. You still got a level of money, you still got a level of power. I would think your presence would be needed here. Yeah. Yeah. You know. But that's for right now. There might feel like all that privilege and power and all that might be gone. So she better off fighting from somewhere else Then she ain't got the show no more. She said, look, I ain't got a job. I'm outta of three 30, $300. Let me go take my ass thing you 300 babe. But that is just with the MAs. Alright, Shela man. Who you giving that donkey too, Man?


Four after the hour, it's actually a double donkey because You know we always give the donkey to the scammers, but I think that You know it's time. We gotta start giving a little bit of the hee-haw to the scams as well. Because at some points you need to know. Yeah. All right. Alright, We'll get to that next. Where's the diamonds? I, what's up? Because y'all not ready to play with me. I'm gonna find it because them listeners, they, they, they, they listening. Yeah. And they wanna know And I don't want no, nobody to ever think I'd be playing about my jewelry. Okay. All right. Because Chris Brown bought just a $300,000 ring when you tested four four. Oh Yeah. Closer to the five. Okay. It's The, Breakfast Club Morning Donkey up. Damn the he It's time for donkey of the I ain't trying to be donkey today no More.


They should be embarrassed by what they already did. I didn't, I'm not making these people do these things called Donkey of the day. And it really caught me off guard. Damn Charlamagne. Who got the donkey out day today? Well, just hilarious. I found my diamond tested too. It's warming up. Thank you. We're gonna check that ring that Chris Brown bought. Just hilarious. Absolutely. $400,000. Go ahead. Donkey. Today for Friday, November 22nd is a double donkey. One donkey goes to Jeffrey, offer Moynahan Jr. A 56-year-old Bradon Florida resident. What does your uncle Sharla always say about the great state of Florida? The craziest people in America come from the Bronx and all of Florida. And today is no exception. Now, before I tell you who's getting the second hee-haw. Let me tell you about Jeffrey.


He's a scammer, a charlatan, a con artist. Yes. All of the above. See, this man was on Facebook pretending to be Elon Musk. Yes. And some people bought into it. There's a 74-year-old Texas woman who befriended the Elon Musk account on Facebook last year and spent several months exchanging messages with the account. The woman was encouraged to invest in one of Elon Musk's businesses. And well, let's go to a BC action news for the report, please. This Is the neighborhood where 56-year-old Jeffrey Arthur Moynihan lives Bradenton Police arrested him at his home last night for pretending to be Musk. He's now facing charges for scamming a 74-year-old Texas woman out of a quarter of a million dollars.


Veteran Detective Jim Carla says, Moynihan used the real Elon Musk's Facebook profile photo to convince the woman he was the real deal. Investigators said this went on for months before the Bradenton suspect leveraged their growing friendship and offered the victim an investment opportunity. He Suggested if she gave him 500,000, he could turn that into 55 million. Oh My God. The victim's husband told detectives in Frisco, Texas, his wife gave the imposter $600,000. Damn. Now none of the victim's money has been recovered, which is often, or most often the case in these situations. Of the $3 million stolen already from elderly residents in Bradenton this year, only about $15,000 has been recovered in Bradenton.


I'm Jessica de Leon, a BC action news. Lemme tell you something, man. It takes two to scam, okay? Number one, you got the scammer. Number two, you got the scammed and scammers prey on people's need to believe. And there are a lot of people out here who believe in Elon Musk. Okay? He's the richest man in The World, and he's a bonafide genius, okay? Like, I'm gonna love him. It is what it is. So I get it. But I can't just give Jeffrey the biggest hee-haw here. I have to give this 74-year-old woman from Texas, some of this donkey, because if you 74 years old and you got $250,000 to invest to give to a random Elon Musk account on Facebook, then I have to believe that you are smart enough to know not to give $250,000 to a random Elon Musk account on Facebook.


Even if you're not smart enough to know you. 74, you've been around the block a few times, ma'am, you should see a scam coming a mile away. I don't wanna be a victim blamer here, but damn, in certain situations, especially situations like this, the victim should be blamed. Okay? You can't be this gullible unless you want to be this gullible and Jeffrey, shame on you. Jeffrey has a perfectly legitimate painting and pressure washing business. Okay? That's what she was sending the money to. I think. I know you make decent money, but you on the internet scamming the elderly outta their social security money. Now, lemme tell you something. The 74-year-old from Texas, you heard in the news report, her husband said the amount she gave the Elon Musk account may be even higher. He told investigators she gave him around 600,000.


Now I, now, I really, really, really, really don't feel sorry for her. You got a whole husband at the house and $600,000 to give to a fake Elon Musk account. And you 74 years old, I know you've been around a long time and you may not be used to all this new technology, but I know that you are wise enough to ask for a FaceTime. Somebody around you has to be smart enough, wise enough to ask for a FaceTime. Did you tell anyone? Did you say, Hey, guess what? Elon Musk is on Facebook asking me to invest in one of his businesses. The reason it's important to say things like this to people out loud is so somebody can knock some sense into you with their words. For example, somebody comes to me and says, Hey, I've been talking to Elon Musk on Facebook and he wants me to send him money to invest in one of his businesses.


He said, if I give him 250,000, he can gimme 55 million. Hmm. All it takes is for one person in the family, one close friend to say, sit your dumb ass down. Okay? Shut your dumb ass up. First of all, Elon must be on Twitter, not on Facebook. Second of all, he wouldn't be asking you for no cash over social media. Third of all, what makes you think 250,000 would turn to 55 million? That's Not how things work. I know that in life they tell you that if You know someone who has been scammed, you should reassure them. Let them know scams can happen to anyone that they are You know, not at fault, but that's a lie, okay? In this case, you have to do your due diligence, especially asking for that kind of money.


They also tell you not to be judgmental. Don't criticize or blame the person who got scammed. No. This 74-year-old woman from Texas, along with Jeffrey Arthur Moynihan Jr. Both deserve the biggest hee-haw. So give it to him. Now, let me see that ring, Jess. Now if you're just joining us, Chris Brown was on Kai and Not Scream, and Chris Brown said that the most expensive gift he ever bought a woman was a $400,000 ring. And Jess got this big ass ring on today, and she's claiming Chris Brown bought it For her. Now, Jess, is this an engagement ring? No, it was a promise ring or something like that. Okay.


Or whatever he said last night on the show. It flip it so we can see The, oh, okay. All right. Hold on. That's good. That's real. That's Real. I mean, what the, I mean, what? That's Real. What did we think? I, I knew it was real. Okay. Okay. I'm just making, I'm just making sure Chris ain't buying you fake stuff. No, don't. Okay. How many carrots is that? Oh, baby, don't, no, She said about she's as close to a half a ticket. Yeah. Don't, don't even play with me there. Okay. Okay. Drop on a clue bomb for Chris Brown. Nigga. He didn't ask boy back. I wish he would. Maybe if I was carucci or somebody, he would ask.


But he already know. He know not to play with you. He know not to ever play with me in his life. Okay. Okay. Yeah. So this is a nice investment. Thank you, Chris. I'm, I'm confused, but all right. Now when we come back confused about what whatcha you confused about Real Films are gonna be joining us. First Of all, you in here with a fake bed attached to your hat, just Scully in the bed coming together. But, but you what? You confused about what Jeff got going on Jab. Jeff's ring is real. Let me, lemme put this diamond test on your Come Do it. Come do it. Come do come do it. Come do it. Yo, come do it. You gonna test his Beer? Yo. Let me see. Yo As hell ain't going Off and off. God, get Here man. Jabri Films will be joining us. He's the director of the new film. I Hate I Love You. Streaming now on Peacock Jeff.


Hilarious. Our very own is starring in it. We gonna talk to him next. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess. Hilarious Charlemagne De Guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. We have Jabil films in the building. Good morning. Yes. Good morning. What's going on y'all? How's you feeling? Hey, feel amazing, man. It's a blessing to be here. I've been a fan of the show for a long time. That's what's up man. So Charlemagne always make fun of like my roles and movies or whatever. I love her. No, he's the liar. She's incredible. He thinks I belong on TV B and that's all I need to, that's why I need to stay. That's my home and everything. And he was shocked to know that I was in a movie that was on Peacock. Peacock. Yeah. And I executive produced it.


Hey, Come on. Right. That's right. By the way, I love Tuby. I have no problem with Tuby. Yeah, okay. Nah, but I mean, yeah, we're on a peacock now. I hate, I love You just dropped. Yeah. It's my directorial debut, just hilarious. One of the co-stars. We got Ke Schroeder Rhetoric, redder Rick Williams. We got Ernestine Morrison, Javier McIntosh, Sean Freeman. Yeah. Little Scrappy and Little Scrappy man. Littles, scrappy bodied. That role Who did good. He did really, really well. I love that for Show sounds like a Tuby cast, but it's not. Nah, Nah, nah. You don't even know what, nah, ain't you. You gonna see some of these people in major roles. Like This is A clown. How did you get into film Jabre? I got my start actually through my brothers Javier and Shaq.


Since we've been kids. We've been filming like at home videos. And that transitioned into when I was about 18, I just was running around Atlanta with a camera going all the clubs, You know, just trying to film any artists that I could. And from there I got picked up and started to go on tour. So I was When To who? Big Baby Drum. Okay. So I was his day-to-Day. And so we did his first tour with Ari Lennox and then that led to touring with Kendrick Lamar. So I did the damn tour with Travis Scott and them. And from there, like my name really started to buzz and the industry. So I took You know my expertise in that and transitioned into films and commercials. So I started doing commercials for like Under Armours and some of my favorites.


I, I used to direct campaign videos for Stacey Abrams, sorry, leader Abrams. And then You know. From there I just started shooting movies as a cinematographer, doing like Keisha Cole's biopic and never would've made it. But now it's transitioning into my directorial debut, which is I hate, I Love you. So for I Hate, I Love You. Did you film it yourself, produce it yourself and then sell it to Peacock? Or Did you So Maverick and Freely Films, they kind of put together that play. But I was one of the producers and directors and my team with BP 40, we pretty much just use all of our resources to film it. Like it's all of our own equipment. We brought everything to the table. And, I directed, edited, and built a score.


The the reason I ask is You know all of these screaming platforms. They need content and You know people. Yeah. We, we they, they joke about Tubi. That's essentially what Tubi was. But all of these screaming platforms are gonna be taking that model. Yeah. Facts. Facts. Yeah. And I think it's like, it's just important like what we did, which is we just used our whole community to kind of bring it together. Yeah. Like all of our friends, family, we brought everybody to make the, everybody together to make the film happen. Especially because we filmed it last December, which of course was like right after the film strike. So everybody was hungry. Like pretty much nobody had worked for a year. So we all came together for this one project. Why did you cast Jess? So actually to be honest, I didn't cast Jess, but when they brought her name up I was like, oh, she's gonna be perfect for this role.


Yeah. Because for one, I knew she could actually act. She can definitely Actually act You know, I'm telling You know. So it's like people are asleep on that side of Jess You know, like we all know she's funny but she can actually act. And the good thing about her in those scenes, like when we're actually going through it, every take she brings something different. You know. So some actors, they just give you the You know the same take back to back to back. But Jess always brings something new. So I mean, I'll forever wanna put her in my movies. Thank you. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. And then a lot of people was talking about my role, why did y'all have me play that role now? It's so many people. Y'all what? What's the issue? I paid them. What's the issue? The issue is I Sleeping with that man, that girl's husband. Hey man, it's a Little spoiler alert man. You Know saying I know.


And then I just had got a role when I was that first lady at BMF. I slept with my best friend's man too there. And everybody is like, gosh, Leah, justice this right? Everybody like Justice, this what you Do. Nah, we gonna switch to them next time. We gonna switch to them next time. Okay. Very, very, but But you did body that role. Yeah. You know. You know you killed It. Yeah. Thank you. I seen like You know, I like to look at the comments and get feedback about like everybody's role and stuff. A lot of people were saying like, so what exactly was the plot? Like I know that Kiara No, I want to call them by their names. Their characters. Jacinda. Jacinda. Yeah. And Bradley. Bradley. Yeah. So they owned the agency. Yeah, they owned the agency Art Life. I wanna know, how does Scrappy come into play with like how did he did? Did he owe him money? Did JC and Brad owe him money?


So essentially Lil Scrappy's character Bones in the movie, he funded all of art life to make it what it is. Got it. So it's this huge conglomerate. Bradley and Jacinda are married and Jacinda thinks that it was just their success that made it blow up this big. Got you. Not knowing that the whole time it was scrappy. And his funny money which funded their whole company. Is this Scrappy's first Ner Role? No. So he is been in a couple other roles, but this is his first I would say like serious, serious role. Yeah. Because he is You know. Typically he's the bad guy. Gotcha. But what I wanted to do with him in this movie is I wanted him to be the villain, but very calm because I feel like You know the undertone of being calm, yet also assertive is a lot more You know scary.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola company.


The holidays are here and it's that time of year to think about yes gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. The reason I love this so much is because it is the holidays and there's things that I've had family members and friends ask me for throughout the year that I simply would not give them the money to get, but I will get them the actual items. So whether it's laptops, hair steamers, dining sets, makeup, better wigs for Lauren LaRosa, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. So please remember that Amazon Black Friday week is here with deals up to 40% off shop Black Friday week deals now on Amazon. And visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


The holidays are just around the corner. And if you anything like me, that means you'll be hosting all your family and friends. Whether it's making holiday cookies or getting your space ready for guests. The Home Depot has furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials at 40% off like the KitchenAid Artisan Sirius stand mixer. Not only does it look sharp on your kitchen counter, but it also got 10 speeds. A tilt back head for easy ingredient mixing. And a five quart bowl that can whip up. Ready for this nine dozen cookies in one go. Enough for your entire family, friends, neighbors. Oh, and the big guy too. The KitchenAid Artisan series stand mixer comes with dough hooks, a wire whip, and a flat beater. So it can do a lot of really cool things. The holidays are happening at Home Depot, which means right now you can save up to 40% off select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials. So go to Home depot.com to shop now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-Wheel Drive, the Kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been. Because Like a good neighbor. A State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


I'm Kind of terrifying. So Is it hard taking notes from networks nowadays on screaming platforms? Mm. Honestly, I, I can't really speak to it because they, they really let us cook. So they let me cook with this. It was my first one. And I think they just trusted the cast, they trusted the crew. So when we delivered the product to 'em, they just accepted it as It was. And. I feel like that's what they should do. Like get out the way of the creatives. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Even if you're putting money up, get out the way of the creatives. Yeah, I agree. Because this is our full vision. Like we put our heart into this. You know we spent probably a year and a half just working on this movie. Yeah. So I'm glad You know they just let us do Our thing. How long did it take to shoot? You said a year and a half to do the whole movie. So how long did it take to shoot? We shot it in 10 days.


The whole movie in 10 days. Whole movie in 10 days. So it was just a grind just 10 days straight. And then I spent the next I, don't know, maybe six months editing and building up the score. Yeah. Yeah. How did the writer strike? I heard you mention it earlier. How did the writer strike affect this film? Was this something that was already in the works when the writer strike came into play or, Yeah, so it was in the works, but the tough thing, I would say the way it affected it would be just the timeline because we weren't sure when we could film it. But also it was like assembling the crew and trying to figure out which cast could be involved. That was a really hard thing with the Rider Strike. But Luckily, we filmed it in December, You know like at the end of the year. Yeah.


And everybody was kind of like, all right, I, I'll do this last Joint You know before the end of the year to make it happen. All we have more with Jabre films when we come back. He's the director of the new film. I Hate, I Love You. Starring our very own, just hilarious on Peacock. So we'll get to that next. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's still kicking in with Jabre Films. His new film I Hate. I Love You. Starring our Very Own Just Hilarious is out right now on Peacock Charlamagne. Me Who, who inspires Jabre? Definitely my family, my parents, my brothers. But in the film world it's definitely Spike Lee. Okay. That's my favorite director. It's just the first time I saw Do the Right Thing, it just blew my mind. Classic. Just You know.


Being able, that's my favorite movie of all time. And just being able to bring people into your world and actually show them what that looks like is incredible to me. And surprisingly enough, what really made me want to become a filmmaker is Missy Elliot. So when I, when I was a kid, yeah. When I was a kid seeing her videos, it was the same thing. Like my mind was blown. I'm like, how can people do this? How can I figure out how to make these things happen? And yeah. So Missy Elliot is one of my biggest inspirations as well. Yeah. So See, I wonder what's more important for a director's story or visual? I think it's a mixture of both. Okay. But You know me as a director and cinematographer, I come from more of a visual background. But I mean, You know it's both like neither one can be failing. But if you have a great story and the visuals are just okay, you can still be right.


But if you have amazing visuals, story's just all right. You know as long as something's good, You know. So, but you strive to have both be great. So what's your favorite film of all time that you feel like you have the perfect balance of both those things? I would say do the right thing. Do the right thing. Yeah. To me. 'cause it's like so many iconic scenes and just, just the imagery of New York and the way he painted it and the color and lighting, but also You know the deep messages that the film does portray. Yeah. It's, to me the perfect balance. What about Belly? I love Bellies. Belly's Incredible. Crazy. Me. So slept on People would be acting like belly, but they say visually they didn't like how dark it looked. I I love that. It's one of the most creative movies ever made. I think Belly deserved You know Oscars like, absolutely.


Like Belly is incredible. Yeah. And you can still watch it today. And it stands a test of time. Absolutely. Crazy. I was like 10, 11 watching that movie. Wow. That in the beginning of that. Ooh, that Clmp Club scene. That's crazy. That's like a music video in itself. And then the mo just the scenes, everything. Pun. I love it. Will there be a part two? I think there is a part two and the works. I can't speak on it too much. Oh yeah. Oh, you can't, I I think, I think they're trying to cook something up. Yeah. Yeah. Because the way it ends is like, okay, what else? Yeah, because it's a rollercoaster throughout the whole movie where you're kind of wondering like, what does this get to? What does this get to? And then Right when we give you a piece, You know, we kind of snatch it from you. But yeah, there's, there's definitely a part two north. Okay.


You did something with the Olympics this year too, right? Yeah, Actually. So I filmed the Olympians that were going to Paris. So we filmed like the behind the scenes of their photo shoot and them getting ready to go to Paris. And surprisingly in a cool way, they're playing it on like all the Delta flights. So that like a goal of mine that I can check out the list. You know actually having something that's playing on Delta flights. Is it hard to write stories nowadays when life is so absurd? Like it feels like life is satire nowadays? Like, That's a great question, but No, I don't think so because I think You know there's always something You know creatively that you can pull from it, especially with life. So no I don't think so at all. Yeah. Do you have any dream projects that you see in the future?


Any dream collaborations or anything you always wanted to do? Yeah, I mean, I'd love to do something with Jamie Fox. Mm. I love Jamie Fox as an actor. Definitely Spike Lee and just You know, like bigger movies, I would say like bigger movies with larger budgets, more access and You know us being able to tell our stories. So yeah. That's on the way. I, I I wonder You know with directors like yourself is, is it pressure? Because every single thing you do nowadays can be magnified, right? Like You know you, you, so a lot of these people have the opportunity to to grow Yeah. In your business, but for you it's like, oh, it's real hate. I love you. Oh, just in it, this person in it I'm gonna watch.


So they they're watching you from the beginning. Yeah. Yeah. I mean for me it's, I don't really feel the pressure as much 'cause I disconnect. So I don't spend time on the internet all day. And I know people are gonna say what they're gonna say regardless. You know. Like, I've been making films and commercials for 15 years. So it's like, either you like it or you don't. You know. So I know what I created, I know what it took to make it You know, especially with our team. So I, I don't really feel the pressure. And, I always know where I'm going. I'm always going to something bigger and greater. So if you don't like this one, maybe you like the next one. If you don't like that one, maybe you like the next one after that. But if not, You know. I'm not here to please everybody anyway, so that's All good. What's your favorite way to tell a story? Is it through film? Is it through You know, I guess the documentary style stuff like the Olympics.


Like I, I would say my favorite would be film and commercials. Like I really like commercials because there's so much intention and there's so much time spent for something that's so small and that you can get really creative with commercials. So I would say, yeah, movies and commercials are definitely my favorite. Commercials are a lost art. Yeah, yeah, For sure. Like, think about when we was young, you, those commercials that used to like stand out, that you remember to this Day. Yep. Yeah. They don't do it that that way anymore. It's You know, it's sad, but hopefully we can bring it back. Or, I remember when Super Bowl commercials were the, were the best. Like people used to love those commercials. Now it's like, nah, I'm, I'm, I'm tired of like the dawn commercials. Like none of 'em makes sense. Like, I don't have a greasy duck. I got dishes, I need wash.


Right. So facts. Facts. It's like, who are writing these commercials? We need to be better Writers. There's a couple that I think are cool. The homie Matic, he does some cool stuff for like the LeBron commercials, but yeah, I agree. Like they don't go as big as they used to go. So I mean, I think the Gatorade commercials were always big Gatorade. Yeah. And Nike back in the day were always Good music too. Yep. Yeah. Facts. Facts. So you went to Georgia State University Georgia. Yep. I, I know you told us how you got into film, but you majored in Business. Yeah, so I got my marketing degree. Yeah. And then also a mi you, your minor was in real real estate. Real estate. How do you still dabble in that Real estate? Not as much. So I always knew that I wanted to do film and my brother And I started our company in college.


So like, I already knew what I wanted to do, so I didn't wanna go to film school. I just wanted to know how to build my business, so. Oh, okay. I just took all those years of college learning business and marketing. And I was writing You know my business plan for my actual company while I was in school. So it was cool. Like my professor is like, make up a You know a mock company and I'll review your business plan and this, this, and this. But I was using my actual company Yeah. For the professors to review You know. So that's what's up. Yeah, it definitely helped. And was that your brother, you talk about your brother, is that your brother that played in the movie as well? Yeah. Yeah, because he is the actor. Yep. Okay. And it's And are you an actor as well? Not at all. I Stayed you behind the camera. I stayed behind the camera And he's always been in front of the camera. Oh Yeah, for sure. He's a huge personality.


Like he's a YouTube star. He does, he does it All. Oh yeah, that's what's up. Well tell 'em how they can see. I hate, I love you starring our very own, just hilarious. Yes. Yeah. So you can see I hate, I love you right now out on Peacock. Please go stream it everywhere we put our heart and soul into this. Absolutely. And You know, shout out freely films, Maverick, Eli Tero, my whole family. J Carter. J Carter, everybody, all the actors. Sean and Tania. Everybody. That's What's up man. Was she acting like a Divo on on Nah, just Saying Ella cool. Wasn't her. She was super cool. Thank you. In between the scenes cracking jokes like You know, like she was, she was very, very professional. And even like taking You know criticism or like maybe let's try it this way. She's like, all right, boom.


Got it. You know. Not a diva at all. Were you Pregnant when you Were shooting? I was pregnant. Wow. Even they didn't know. Yeah, they didn't know. Oh, I just found out today. Yeah. I was pregnant. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I was, I think I was a month already. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, so you couldn't even smoke. You was just Mad. What? Mad. I just, but I was like, okay. All right. Yeah. And I ain't want nobody to know. 'cause I You know we tell somebody that they start treating you like you need crutches. Yeah. They're like, nah, yo, I'm good. Like I'm good. We definitely didn't know, right? So yeah. I was pregnant in the movie y'all. Y'all just can't see. Alright, Well Gire Films, we appreciate you for joining us. I'm show you'll be back in the next movie that comes out. Absolutely. Most definitely. I appreciate too. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody.


It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Now it's time for pass the off. Dj. dj dj Come Spin. Spin. What's up Nyla? What's up guys? Hey girl, how are you? NYA What's popping? Big Nyla. She's sitting over here because our cameras are raggy, so Yeah, A couple of them actually. It's a lot going on today, but it's a good day. It's Friday. Yeah, right. The weekends here and there's a lot of good music out. I wanna kick it off with this new joint from Saba and no Id, he's doing a project with no id and he said that all these singles aren't gonna be on the project, but I do really like this single just because I like the message behind it and it's called How to Impress God, talking To the woman I'm talking to God.


No, he's saying he had a conversation with God and it's pretty much like a ego death. Like, oh, got, okay. All the things that you've accomplished are dope, but that, that don't really got nothing to do with the soul. That doesn't impress God. Mm. Yes. I I I would hope He, I would hope he never believed the dig. I mean, I think it's a message a lot of people should hear though in this time. Okay. Yeah. You are not your things Dr. Wayne w Dia, if you've ever read the Power of Intention, I mean, I I knew that before I read that. But he, he says you are not your things. Right. Like, you're not, you're not your job. You're not the car you drive, you're not the clothes you wear, the jewelry you have your none of that stuff. All right, well shout out to Saba. Shout out to no idea. I can't wait for the tape. Next, let's get into some RB. Here is Alex Vaughn would hit a wall. Oh, That sound like some back in the day.


I like it. Yeah, It was hard. I mean, but Case saw Case back Or like black or seven, something like that in that era. Good, good. Hit a wall. That means the relationship's done. It's over. It's Rap. Yeah. I Thought these kids is going through it. It was a little, I mean Yeah. God not impressed with one of 'em to keep the other one hit The wall. Lord have mercy. Jesus Man, it's a lot going on, but it's relatable. All, all right. All right. Come on. Do Less. This does not help. But the next record is called No Love By Trap. Dickie Drop On a Cruise Bombs Trap. Dickie. Dammit. That's dope. South Carolina all day. Oh yeah, okay. South Carolina. Yeah. What you mean? Oh, I didn't know that. Hartsville South Carolina.


Hell yeah. Now that's all You know him. But you ain't no Tap Paton. I didn't know Tam Tony. No we did not. I told you play Tam Tony. No saying play Tam. Tony And You know people was mad at you. They was like why you play that song at older song to play that Don't represent Tampa Tony they kept, They kept saying Tom G, we gonna get the Tom G two. But at the time, Tam Tony was just the first thing that came to my mind. Okay, Shoot the trap. Diggy. Yes. Trap Diggy. I want Trap Diggy up here soon. That's my guy. Why you yell? Trap dig, Trap, trap. You gotta understand Though y'all, Because South Carolina ain't never had a rap star.


Yeah. That's why You know what I mean? I wanna see a rap star from South Carolina. We never had one. Well I'm rooting for y'all. Speaking of a rap star from the Carolinas Corde who also slightly from the DMV just dropped the album. It's actually a fire rap album. I recommend if you're a rap fan of Listen, but he got this joint with Wayne called Back On Road that that's All driving a cruise cord. They card they dumb. Nice. He another one like he like when you, you talking about bars and these big threes and all that you got. Well I don't know where he fits in in this new class. Yeah. I don't know there's there gotta be a new class of He busy though. Corde is nice, nice busy Knight and been nice since YBN days. Definitely. I agree. Yeah. I'm a fan.


So if you guys like those records, make sure y'all follow me on the gram at Nyla Simone. That's N-Y-L-A-S-Y-M-O-N-E-E-E. And makes you guys tap into the certified playlist. Make sure you guys tap into Certify vibe. We got a bunch of events playing for top of the year. Yeah, that's it. Tap in. Alright, thank You Nala. Thank you guys. All right. Now when we come back, we got the People's Choice mix. We throw it back on a Friday. I was talking to Cy yesterday. Goddamn damn where? Freaky ass boy man Freak was for your life. We was talking about dmx. I think it is only right we start to mix off with DMXI Throw you say you gonna throw it back for DMX. God. God bless. DMX Morning everybody Is DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious.


Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast, Club. Salute to everybody in Reding, Pennsylvania. I'm gonna be in red Pennsylvania this Saturday at Reverb. I think next week before Thanksgiving I'm gonna be in Chicago and then I'm gonna be in North Carolina. I'm traveling a little bit and also a salute to Lauren LaRosa. Today is her Birthday. Happy born day. Lauren. Yeah. She wanted me to tell everybody. She texted me about 20 minutes ago was like, can y'all, can you just tell people I'm doing my birthday party in Delaware? So she said she's doing her party in Delaware and wants all of us to love. Nobody care. Please stop yo. Alright, we set. It's An all black affair and sweep four 11 next Friday. All Man, you could have sent the newsletter out to Delaware.


I don't nobody, nobody coming there but that. Yo, shut up man. Happy birthday girl and and salute to Jabre Films for joining us this morning. I hate, I love You Streaming now on Peacock. Our very old Jess. Hilarious. It's starring Annette. All right, make sure y'all watch that this weekend. Happy born day LL Cool babe, man. That's right. She's In Turks and Caicos right now. Hey, When is the party in Delaware? Next Friday. Next Friday. Oh, next Friday. Our party at tur. Caicos is tonight at Shisha. Alright. And listen, I wanna shoot out my man. Not shoot out. Shoot Ute shoot. Damn. Whoa. Salute to my Whoa, whoa. This guy's kinky on a Friday. I wanna salute my man Damon. John Damon. John has his Black Entrepreneurs Day today in Atlanta, Georgia.


So he has these gamechanging conversations. It's hosted by Jordan Chas. Two chains is performing, Terrence J is hosting as well. Flavor Flavors going to be there. Rashad and Troy from er, Legia, Kelly Rowland and myself. So we'll be there today at the Fox Theater in in Atlanta. So I'll see you later today in Atlanta, man for Black Entrepreneurs Day. SLU to Dam John. Alright, when we come back, we got the positive notice. The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jesse ais Charlamagne, the guy We are The Breakfast. Club. It's time to get up outta here. You you? Where you at this weekend? You home this weekend? Yeah. I'm home this weekend, but next week I'm in Austin, Texas at Helium Comedy Club.


Get your tickets. It's two shows Friday, two shows Saturday, and they're already sold out for Saturday. Y'all get y'all tickets for Friday. Me and my brother desi alexander jesse's official.com or helium comedy.com. Okay. She man, you got a positive note. I do. And I. Wanna tell people tomorrow from 9:00 AM to 11:00 AM Monks Corner, South Carolina. My hometown is my 11th annual Turkey giveaway. SLU the third eye awareness. Tomorrow 9:00 AM 11:00 AM we'll be out there giving away turkeys, man. One Turkey per vehicle. We got all your sides and all of that good stuff. 4 0 6 West Main Street, the Berkeley High School student parking lot, 9:00 AM to 11:00 AM See y'all tomorrow amongst corner.


So the positive notice simply this You know we go on vacation starting today, next week is Thanksgiving. So just know Winston Churchill once said, we make a living by what we get or we make a life by what we give. So remember the reason for the season. Y'all have a great day. Breakfast Club bitches. Y'all finish or y'all done


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with a nice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


This is Rachel Zoe from Climbing In Heels with Rachel Zoe. Being a Delta Sky Miles member comes with more than just miles and great travel. It comes with access to Sky Miles experiences. My new favorite place to find unforgettable events like an exclusive styling session and cocktails with me, Rachel Zoe. Courtside seats for your favorite team, one of a kind dining concert backstage passes and much more all available by using your miles head over to delta.com/sky miles experiences to find your next experience and favorite memory, not a Sky Miles member. It's free and easy to sign up and start earning Miles today. Terms apply.


Had enough of this country ever dreamt about starting your own, I planted the flag. This is mine. I own this. It's surprisingly easy. There Are 55 gallons of water, 500 pounds of concrete, Or maybe, nah, no. Country Willingly gives up their territory. Oh my God. What is that? Bulls listen to. Escape from Zack Stan help. That's escape from ZAQ. Stan on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey Bo. Hey Matt. Can you believe we have a whole bunch of wicked episodes coming up? Oh, I can't wait to share all of these amazing episodes with the readers, Katie's publicist and finalists. That's right. We're talking all things behind bringing this iconic musical to the big screen. And of course, we're taking you inside The World of this epic movie with all the exclusive details you won't hear anywhere else. It's Wicked in a way you've never heard before. Don't miss it. And be sure to go watch Wicked in theater starting November 22nd. Listen To Last Culture East on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories. Third journeys and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. Listen to posts run high on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.