
This is an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing massy seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, Moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather pointed seats are optional features.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show.


And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


KFC, chicken and waffles, fresh, juicy chicken and rich waffles with syrup. It's the kind of sweet and savory order that will make people stop whatever they're doing and stare in envy. So as you dig into your mouth, ordering original recipe chicken and warm waffles, or dip them in your syrup. Try not to eat near people. Crossing the street, driving cars, handling heavy objects or operating heavy machinery, you know, for their safety. KFC Chicken and Waffles is the order people are gonna envy. KFC is finger licking. Good.


Good morning. USA Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo. Just to be here in a second. Charlamagne the guy. Peace To the Planet is Tuesday. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and Holly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What's happening? Good morning, man. That's right. Back to the work week. It a Tuesday. Had a three day weekend. That was your weekend, Brother. Very fulfilling. Very fulfilling, very restful. I did exactly what I like to do, which is absolutely positively nothing. You know what? Emini here, sit around the house with the family, the wife and kids caught up on some reading. Finished the, I finished the original Sin. Okay. By, by Jake Tapper. That was, that was a, that was a good read.


But yeah, other than that, I did, I did absolutely nothing. Okay. Which I love to do. Yeah. I did a little bit of both. I, I was out at St. Martin SLU to everybody that was on the island Of St. Martin. You was at Martin, you said like that was a club. You was in the island. St. Martin was, I was in St. Martin for two, three days. I was out there Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday. And I had a, an amazing time on that island. They do Soul Beach salute to Sinbad and his brother Mark. They do that, doing that for like 25 years. Was Sinbad there? He was not there. Sinbad was there. His whole family was there, but he was not there. What up Jess? I had a great time. Then we went to Indianapolis, had to do a party, and then I spent Sunday and Monday just relaxing with the family. Just doing absolutely, positively sitting on my ass, doing nothing. Oh. As a Knick fan, you had to be an Indianapolis.


I was. Oh damn. I was. I bet you ain't raping Knick's dead though. I did. No, you didn't. I did. I can tell by the way you said didn't Really. I did. I didn't go as hard as I would if we would've been up, like if we was up, I would've been, I would've really been, but Right. We was down oh two at the Time. Yeah. You was sad. Yeah. So that, That's when you supposed to rep the hardest. Nah, I'm a cowboy fan. Okay. Every year I'm, we going to the Super Bowl. I don't care what the record is. When you down is when you supposed to be really, really, really talking that talk, I Ain't have much to say When you do it, when you up that suck. That's, that's, that's kind of cowardly To me. Nah, I I ain't have much to say. I wrapped my Knicks, but it wasn't stupid. Like, you know, they were walking around with the choke face, like whole choke. Yeah. Oh man, you, you was afraid they was gonna do you the way those Knicks fans did. That Pacer fan. I saw that viral video where they hit him with the trash.


Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. You know what Im saying? You was scared he was gonna do you like that Indiana? We had security, Sir. We weren't worried about that, but we had a great time in Indiana. So shout to everybody. Shout to the Indy 500 Monster Energy. We had a great time. What you did this weekend, Man, Shout out to you said monster ton Connecticut, Whatever it mashed and tuckett. Yes. Okay. So shout out to New Haven, Hartford, and Bridgeport. They were in there and then yo, the next day, Boston was so lit. Yes. Boston was love Boston. I love yo. And then shout out to two of my fans that hunted me down after the show. She, one lady, I think I, it was d and Te d Andt from Boston. She just had a baby two months ago. She was so, she was lit, she was drunk. Her home girl shot, get in the car, but she was like, I love you so much.


I crossed like cocked like a pistol. She was like damn Lit. That's probably first night out having, that's what she Pistol. That was her first night out since she had that baby breastfeed that and Right. And all that. And she, man, so I love, they made my night dope. D and Tay. Yeah. Dope. Where I was outside smoking, they came and ran up on me. The people with Crossey know they cockeye, like the people with Crossey know they Crossey. I'm sure they got a mirror. Yes. I used to be Cockeye when I was little. Yeah, no you Weren't. I I about how cross-eyed was this woman And how you, how you grow out Of it. Because the fact that you, you send that as an identifier. It Was a lazy eye. It was a la It's a difference Now. It a different between Cockeye. Well they, they be cocked up when they, she was looking at You and Chris at the same time. No, Me and her home girl. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Lazy eye. Just they out not crossed, you know, Lazy Eye, just your eyes.


Just little lower. One of them, one of my yo my left eye used to go crazy by myself, but Cat guy's like, and you look in one place, but you dunno what you looking At. Oh. So I messed it up all. Well she had a lazy eye. I get a lazy eye after midnight. After midnight. Why? What's his name? I get a lazy after midnight. That would be a brown eye, sir. That's a brown eye. And you have a lot of experience in that. I Do not. Alright, let's get the show cracking. Monique Rodriguez will be joining us. She's the founder and CEO of, is it Mely Organics or Miley Organics? Neo. Hmm. Mayel Mayel is Mayo Organics. Yes. Yes. Is Mayel. That's right. Because she named their kids. Yes. Mayel Organics. Yes. Yes. She'll be joining us. She has a new book, The Glory in Your Story. So we'll talk to a little bit and then we got front page news of Morgan when we come back.


So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news now. Last night, 1 28, 1 26. That Thunder beat the Timber Wolves Day lead that series. 3, 2, 1. And tonight the Knicks take on the Pace is at 8:00 PM in Indiana. So let's go New York. New York. New York. You ain't say that when you was in Indiana. I Did. I just wasn't as loud. How many more games they got for Best Outta seven? Oh, this the last one Tonight? No, right now is two one. Oh. The first person one four day. Okay. What up Morgan? Hey y'all. Hey, well welcome back. It feels good to be back.


So let's get into a first step on front page. Yesterday was Memorial Day and President Trump honored those who gave their lives serving in the military. He visited Arlington National Cemetery to mark the occasion and participated in the wreath Lang ceremony at the tomb of the Unknown Soldier before delivering remarks. Now he said he that he of course, and we would be lost without our service members, while also honoring Gold Star families does take a listen to his comments. In every hour of peril, in every moment of crisis, American warriors have left behind the blessings of home and family to answer their nation's call. They've offered all that they had within them and given their last breaths to each and every one of us that we might live safe.


Every gold star family fights a battle long after the victory is won. And today we lift you up and we hold you high. He must have took his meds then that was tamed compared to what he put on social media when he said Happy Memorial Day to all including the scum that spent the last four years trying to destroy our country through warped, radical left minds. Mm. Man. Got cancer. You, you just still shooting at it. He know. He just don't care. Yeah, that's, that's crazy. But Trump did say that we share the sorrow with the families of fallen service members. He added that those service members gave everything and asked for nothing. And I like to take it a step further and, you know, to those who have lost someone that has served, we continue to salute their service and sacrifice because we know for you every day is Memorial Day.


So, but moving on in unfortunate news, this comes as a Congress member. We're mourning the loss of a Congress member, former New York representative and Korean War of veteran Charlie Gel who died WR the eighth wrangle. Is it I Charlie Wrangle? Okay, well that's what thought you guys know y'all in New York. So wrangle often referred to as the Lion of Harlem, died on Memorial Day surrounded by family. He was elected to Congress in 1971, where he served for 46 years becoming the House Ways and means chairman in 2007. He was the primary sponsor of 40 bills during his tenure, including President Obama's Affordable Care Act, the low income housing tax credit, and the so-called wr, you called it wrangle wrangle amendment aimed at ending apartheid in South Africa.


Now, New York City Mayor Eric Adams is saluting wrangle as a true American and house minority leader. Hakeem Jeffries is calling him a trailblazer and champion for justice. Of course, right now there's no word or details surrounding his death or funeral arrangements. But of course we are continuing to mourn his loss and we will mark the occasion, you know, by honoring him as well, considering the fact that he was a Korean War vet. But that's your front page news for 6:00 AM at 7:00 AM we'll talk about President Trump and how he feels about current president of Vladimir Putin, Russian president Vladimir Putin, calling him absolutely crazy. And then we'll also get into the big beautiful bill because you know, that's moving forward in the Senate right now.


So stick around. All right. And everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Let us know how your weekend was. I know it's tough. Three day weekend. You gotta get back to work on Tuesday. It's hard getting up this morning, man. Let us know how your weekend was, what you did. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Get it off your chest. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Calling 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? Hey, what up This's Tanya with Omaha. Tanya from Omaha. What's up? Get it off your chest Tanya. Hey man, I just need to get it off my chest.


That our Omaha Police Department are a bunch of, or a bunch of gang members. Man, they, they, they shoot and kill unarmed black people with no accountability, with no transparency. Let us know what's going on. They release the body cam footage of an incident that happened like three, four days later. They shoot the man outside of his home. He just graduated high school. He was from I believe Sudan. And there's no accountability for it. Well what was The, what was your brother name? I'm not even gonna lie to you. I can't even pronounce it.


I'm a, I'm a butcher and he was from Sudan. It was a 19-year-old and it Was Oh yeah, I'm looking it up. And his name was Jan Ibrahim. It seems like it. Yeah. And he was like, it was, it's crazy because like the police do this type of stuff and then they, they fire 'em, but then they get hired up with the sheriff's department and that just happened in Omaha. Like, it, it is not right. They, they police department just fired another cop and then he gets hired with the, the sheriff department. He killed somebody with a no-knock warrant and he was fired by the police department.


But then I hire him with the Sheriff's department. You know what's crazy? I, I haven't heard anything about these cases. Like I just googled the case, you know, about the, the guy from Sudan. That was five days ago, but I hadn't heard anything about it. Yeah. And I'm telling you, it, it happens all the time here in Omaha. Like Omaha really has a real problem and it's swept under the rug. Like, And I think it's because we're a Republican state that, that the news just don't, they don't cover it the right way. They don't, and they try to make it seem like the, the minorities here are the problem when it's really, it's our police force. We can't, it's, it's like really having like slave masters on our neck.


Like you can't drive down here at a certain time without getting pulled over because you know, if you driving at three o'clock in the morning because I work in the morning, you gonna get bumped up. Damn. So I moved my time back to at least five o'clock. Damn. Jesus Christ. Well thank you for putting this up on the story. We'll do some more research on it and thank you so much. You be safe out there. Hey Yik. Hey y'all also look up the incident that happened at Club Omaha with the artist from, from Kansas City named T Rel. He came up here disrespected And I, I'm telling you, a lot of times it's black officers and it's black security guards but that are perpetuating this violence. And I don't know if they doing it to try to make these white people happy, but I'm telling you it's crazy out here.


Y'all gotta just, just do a little research on Omaha, Nebraska. I see. You know, we got Terrance Crawford here, but you know what? I ain't even gonna, I ain't even gonna cap Emini here. Definitely he, he definitely on that Republican type too. You know what Emini here. But it is what it's, You know you said you talking about Tre getting maced and attacked by club security? Heck yeah. Look at the video man. That man is walking out of the club and they spraying that. They spraying it in his face less than two feet away. Pause. All right, well thank you mama and be safe out there. She's being serious. This guy talk about pause like Yo Emini here. Paul still applies Emini here. I hate that that, I hate that that happen to her brother. Emini here but Paul still applies. No it does. Hello. Who's this? Good morning, it's Krista from Connecticut.


How y'all doing? Hey Krista, did you go see Jess this weekend? I did. I had fun. So I was not in the front row. That was accident. I was actually in the third row And I had so much fun. Thank you Jeff. Thank You girl. I appreciate That. So I was waiting for you to shout out Willman. Emini here. I was like the only person from Willman there. So I would've been like, woo, What is it? What was it? I was waiting for you to shout out Willman because you were like hi for New Haven, Bridgeport. I was like damn. She was having a hard time with some of the mother names too. Coast Connecticut. I saw that. Oh my God. But I'm glad you came out baby girl. Thank you so much. Yes, yes. Thank you.


Thank You. Alright. Right Chris, have a good one To you. No, y'all better. Hold on, hold on. Y'all better get used to my voice because I'm gonna call in once a week. Okay. We look forward to hearing from you. Alright. All right guys, have a Good one. You too babe. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Ray. Ray. Ray. Yo Sha Man. Envy. What up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I Got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. We can get on The phone right now here, tell you what it is. We, Hello? Who's this? Hello. Good morning. This is Hey Cher, get it off your chest.


Hey Jess. Hey. Hey. Good morning. How are you? I'm doing good. So I wanna get off my shout out to these parents who have been emailing me on my three day weekend because their child is gonna fail and go to super school at Memorial. How you mad at me? Like why you mad at me? I been trying to get in contact with you all year long about your child. Now you wanna blow up my email? What, what Age group? So I teach first grade. First grade. Damn First. Right, exactly, exactly. Summer school in the first grade. It's crazy. That's what I'm saying. It's real crazy. Right. And most of it's because of like, or like not homework, but that's not my That's Right.


Right. And I, I been listening to y'all since 2016. I commute from Baltimore to DC every day. Shut up all the teachers to DC shout out. But I Just say I love y'all so much. I appreciate everything that y'all do. Y'all gimme a good go here with these dad kids every morning. I really appreciate y'all. I love you and we appreciate you too. 'cause what you do is not easy. I'm sure that's Right. Woo. Me tell about it. But I love it. So I thank God that I'm here to do what I do. But y'all gotta even respond to my back in August when I'm telling y'all, y'all child is not doing right. Mm Mm Alright. Take it easy on them kids. All alright, Thank y'all. Have a good day. You too babe. I don't mind her holding them back, you know what I'm saying?


Because I don't believe in that. No child left behind stuff. You know what Emini here, if a person isn't, you know, doing what they supposed to be doing in school and they, they not passing hold their ass back The first grade though, What is, what's that gotta do with her look? And then if I was a parent, I'd be fine. Let's send this little as to school in the summer. That's Right. You Gotta take him Because, because because what happens? You pass him and he's not ready to go to second grade, then you go to second grade and be stupid again and Do the same. Yep. Same thing. No. Nope. But if she got that many kids, then this is another problem. I know. But you see her problems were no homework and absence. It starts at home. Something is something ain't clicking at home with them kids. And respect to who, what's her name? Cherice that just called. Yep. Because you need teachers who care.


Yeah. You have a bunch of teachers who do not care. Yeah. The fact that she cares enough to fail that young man, hold him back and, and, and prepare him for the next grade salute to her. We need more teachers. Don't Think it was one. I think it was a bunch of kids. She said well They did. They're not ready. They're not ready. But she said she ended it with, but I love what I do and that's that's right. That's the part. Hello? Who's this? Oh, this is Mo from the Mo. What's up? Get over your chest. What's up man? I just wanna call and hey, good morning for The Breakfast Club. The ladies and the fellas up there. Good morning. But I just want to get off my chest about Trump and that jet man. It's like, I agree it's not a good idea to accept that jet, but I also wanna say that, you know, I, I wanna congratulate him Charlamagne when he speaks about the jet.


And I used to think he ain't know what he was talking about, but now I know that his physical ignorance on his part, you know, the first time he read the article at a constitution that says it's illegal to take the jet. He read the part all the way to the period that said unless he had consent from Congress. But now when you hear him read it, he, he leaves that part out. So again, I just want, it should have been a dumpier today, but I couldn't never get through. But you know, so I just wanna give it up to Charlamagne on his willful ignorance. And what, Talking about the way he, you know. Oh, He didn't know he was talking about What I'm talking about. You heard what I said? I said when she read it the first time a couple, couple weeks ago, you read the article and it said that it was illegal to accept Gibson Foreign Nation. And you read all the way to the period where it said unless he had consent for Congress, But he doesn't have consent for for Congress.


How can you get it if you don't have consent for Congress? You remember Congress? He own them. Right? That's his people. Right. He does not have no consent. He doesn't have congressional consent. And I, And I didn't leave that out when I said that. He Left that out three or four times after you read it the first time you stop way before that part time. How do you think you get congressional consent? They approve it. You put your people in there and they let you do what you want. Like we always say they let him do what he wants. Congressional consent. Whereas if it's illegal, It's illegal. You do No congressional consent involves a vote. Right. Well obviously he's gonna get the vote. If they, they let him accept It, Somebody will let him accept. No, no, no Congressional consent. He Can accept something that they don't consent to.


Yes you can. When you don't respect the rule of law. Congressional consent involves a vote. And my brother, now you know why it's a problem. Well, but I'm gonna have to like you say, like you said, a lot of times when people catch you on something, I don dunno nothing about that. So I'm gonna have to look into that. He can't take it. If he did, if they don't consent And, and congressional consent involves a vote. Get it off here. Chest 805 8 5 1 0 5. One of you need to vent. You could hit us up. What's up Lauren? Hey, good morning. That was D Oh Lord. It was great. What Procedures you got done? Stop playing because people was really down there checking on my arms. Get your arms done. And I was so confused Why you got them heroin on? Because He told people I was there getting my arms done because you who goes do, some lady came up to me And I come here Baby Charlamagne said, you here getting your arms done.


It's hot outside. Have you rested? I was like, rest what? Hear Me? But that's why you got your arms fully covered and it's gonna be 75 degrees today. Tell the truth. No, I have my arms fully covered 'cause it's cold in that courtroom And I amm tired. You going back to Court today? Yes. Today? Yes. The grind. Don't stop Emini here. All right, well what we talking about the ladies with Lauren, before we get to court, we gonna talk about the AMAs because Janet Jackson performed on television for the first time in seven years. And people still mad Yes. At the AMAs and people still mad that she was just On tour. Oh, You mean perform tv. Perform on television. Okay. My bad. Yes. So Janet Jackson and J Lo performed. Yes. JLo hosted the whole show and she performed. Yes. Man, nobody cared. Damn. What? I'm just I told y'all I seen you, but I, the game was on.


It was really good moments too. You knew What kind of event that would've been 15, 20 years ago. I, I agree. I agree. JLo Hosted And let tell You, performant and Janet Jackson. Mm. I ain't even, I was watching the game. That Man was, I watched it Even like JLo looked amazing and all that. And, and Janet, Jack, Janet Jackson though. And Tasha Smith presented her award. It was like Aasha sang. Really? Yes. And people Eminem won. I see. Because Kyle Knight was mad. I seen that there Was a lot of people mad that Eminem is still is a white rapper. And I'm like all these years later, y'all still mad? What? That he's white and Well, Let's talk about it. When we come back, we giving up too much. We will talk about it when we come back. The latest with Lauren. Don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning Everybody.


It's DJJ n Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a free, she gets them from somebody that knows somebody. Well, She gets into details. I'm the homegirl that knows a little bit about everything. She be having the latest on you. The latest with Lauren la Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What, what's the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk, talk to me. The Ama turn the mic on. Turn her mic on. That's crazy. There you go. There. Hello. Oh hey. Hello. So the 2025 American Music Awards went down last night and JLo hosted the show.


She opened, you know, where they get to do a song and then they do a performance. Her performance was like a blended melody of like a lot of the people who were nominated and you know, people who went on to when later on that evening she did a lot of like, not like us and Kendrick stuff as well. She looked good. Like she didn't perform it, but she was dancing. Like she had dance bricks to it. Did they promote the AMAs? I didn't hear nothing about the AMAs until last night. You know how I'll be finding out stuff? I was on Twitter And I saw people arriving at the carpet And I was like, oh, lemme turn on the amass. That's crazy. JLo hosting It. I produced an email. This, that's how I even know it was on. Yeah. Didn't get that email. Yeah, it Was, it was, it was on the email. But I was gonna ask, so J-Lo opened up kissing a guy and a girl 'cause I seen that trending yesterday. Yeah. Yep. She kissed her this morning.


Her male and her female dancers a lot of places. I'm glad you said both. 'cause a lot of Yeah, it was like, I'm I'm sure it was like a sage kiss though. Oh, okay. But You're kind of tired though. We seen that so many times. Britney Spear did that. Madonna did that. We seen that so much. Yeah. I think the big thing for her is, you know, after now she's a fully single woman and she's expressing her sexual independence on the stage. That was a part, that was a, a big talking point of her performance. So the Studs can come get it if they want, is what she was trying to say. What get in line May maybe. Okay. She, the woman that she kissed was nevermind. She Should have kissed Ben Affleck as Batman and then Ben Affleck as Daredevil.


That'd have been fight. Oh my God. You said the lady she kissed was what? Nothing. What? Moving on. She Looked like Ellen. No, she was just a, she was a lady. Oh, okay. A dancer. Alright, go. Go ahead. So yeah, so, so after, so Jayla opens it up and she's hosting throughout the night. And there were a few big moments. Janet Jackson, I told you guys she performed for the first time in seven years at the, on, on TV for the first time in seven years at the American Music Awards. She was amazing as always. And she doesn't age whatsoever. Let's take a listen to Jen Jackson's performance.


I, I really don't know whether to be disappointed in the AMAs or myself. I had no idea any of this was happening. I had no idea that AMAs was on. I had no idea J-Lo hosted it And I damn sure didn't know he was getting a live performance from Janet Jackson. Yeah, Man. Well, don't be pissed off. I didn't know either. Sorry. And I'm not pissed off. And Emini here. Not only did she, not only did she perform, J-Lo also was a, a huge award winner of the evening. It was presented by Tasha Smith and my girl. Yeah. And I, Tasha. Tasha. That's dope. Yes. Tasha. Tasha. Louder than the finest cush Tasha. Yes. And she, Tasha Smith looked amazing too. She had a, of course, a a short blonde buzz cut.


She looks amazing. But Janet Jackson accepted the Icon Award last night and everybody stood to their feet and her speech was very moving. Let's take a listen to Janet Jackson. I am so honored. I'm so grateful. Emini here. No disrespect in any way, but I don't consider myself an icon. My, my family, myself. Our dream was to, it wasn't ever to to be famous. We always had a special love for music, dancing and singing and fame came with the result of hard work and, and dedication.


My story, my family story. It's truly an American story. This would have only happened in America. Praise God. Janet Jackson. Don't whisper no more. Oh yeah. Remember when she used to fake whisper everywhere? I thought she whisper everywhere. Remember? Like what? I wanna thank everybody. Remember when they used to do that? I'm so glad Janet don't fake whisper no more. Jesus Thought she thought that was only Michael. I thought she did that to, to conserve Her voice. I always thought it was like that too. But then I thought it was like just something that happens in our family. 'cause Yeah, because Michael do. Yeah, I thought he did that. Yeah. To say their voice. But no, you said Tasha Smith had the short, but yeah, the short bond buzz cut.


Yes. Like so she looked like Eminem, but no, she looked Really.


Hey, What up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels. Thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Taking the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


KC, chicken and waffles, fresh juicy chicken and rich waffles with syrup. It's the kind of sweet and savory order that will make people stop whatever they're doing and stare in envy. So as you dig into your mouth, ordering original recipe chicken and warm waffles or dip them in your syrup, try not to eat near people. Crossing the street, driving cars, handling heavy objects or operating heavy machinery, you know, for their safety. KFC Chicken and waffles is the order people are gonna envy. KFC. Is finger licking good


if you own a home? Here's an interesting fact for you today. American homeowners are sitting on a record amount of home equity. That's the part of your home you own Outright. Rocket Mortgage can help you turn that home equity into cash and that can help you fund a home renovation, pay for your kids' college tuition or pay off consolidated high interest debt. To learn more, just call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com Today. Rocket Mortgage, LLC licensed in 50 states N mls consumer access.org Number 30 30


Baby looks so good. Snatched. I'm looking at It. She looked amazing. Yeah, but speaking of Eminem, people were very upset last night. Eminem beat out some of the biggest, well he's a big hip hop artist, but Eminem beat out Drake, Kendrick Lamar, future Tyler creator for favorite male hip hop artists of Last year of all time. Favorite male hiphop Artist. It can't be all time. It can't, It can't be for last Year. Favorite male hip hop artist. That's Cause y'all slept on that man album. He had his last album. What was the name of Listen to it. Huh? When did it, what was the name of his last album? Hold on, let me look at I don't m didn't put on no album last year. Yes, He did have A album. Did I remember that? That's What I'm saying. There's no possibility way I'm up here saying that.


That's my favorite Rapper. You got Kendrick's album, you got your Drakes. There's so many different projects. Yes. No disrespect to Eminem, but Not last year. The death of Slim Shady. Yes. Coop De Grace. Yeah. I didn't go to that funeral. I ain't even though it happened. Yo, I feel Like you did. Yes. I was not at that funeral. Listen, and it's the thing he went so hard. He was talking about everything that a black person would've got in trouble for on, on the album. Like he coming at, I Didn't even know that. I Care about last year. Trans people, gay people, people in wheelchairs. He coming at everybody. Was It bigger than Kendrick Album? No. No. Hell no. Wasn't bigger than Kendrick album. No, but so According Google, this must be a vote. Listen To it. It must be a voted award. According to Google, the Eligi eligibility period, the data tracking period for nominations typically covers a specific timeframe such as March 22nd, 2024 through March 20th, 2025, which goes into the American Music Awards.


That's what Google says to me. He said He sold Yeah. Favorite male hiphop artist at the 2020. I'm assuming it was for this year, but I know that there were a lot of people that were upset. They were, you know, they, I think they bring in the con Of Course. Yeah. Nick just said a MA is a fan voted award. Okay. That that makes, but even, No, hold on Emini here. Eminem has a huge fan base. Yeah, but but if it, even here, right here it says it goes off of fan interaction, fan voting. And them old white men ain't on social media like that. Not like Drake fans and Kendrick fans now is right. Yeah. I'm confused where they pulled the fans at. Fake Facebook. And the Eminem is great, but Eminem is great. Yo, y'all gotta listen. Listen, he even coming out rap Eminem. But there's no way in hell Eminem wins over the year that Kendrick came.


Emini Here. That's a very controversial album though. If his fans voted, then his fans voted. You know? Yeah, it, I said it had to be a fan voted award. It's just a lot of that flew under the radar because of the Kendrick and, and we had a lot of things to worry about over here. You know what I'm saying? We did. Or maybe Eminem has been great for so long that you just take 'em for granted though. Yes. Because the guy sells 280,000 units his first week. That's just Eminem. He's supposed to, but a new artist does that. Everybody's like, oh Wow. Yeah. 'cause new artists ain't doing that and numbers Don't lie at all. And m is like That according to Illuminate, which is, you know, they give you information on the, the awards breakdown. It says a data partner. This is the data partner. They track key fan interaction metrics including streaming sales and airplay.


So and so they track this, they put, they coupled that with the fan votes and the winners ultimately choosing by the public. But that is how you're nominated. That is how you've chosen. So I still don't see it. But congratulations. Well, You, a lot of people shared your sentiment last night And I felt like m it always, anything Eminem wins whether you think he deserves it or not. People always have this interaction. Now, Back in the Day when he was winning, he deserved it. He was busting ass. But now I don't, I just don't see it. And I, KASA Knight was upset about it Too, right? Yes he was. And speaking of Kasa Knight, I thought it was so fire that he actually got to present an award last night. Drop On a include bomb from Kaa Knight. Oh my god. I Was, I was tuned in to Screamer University this weekend. That's, Yes. I think Streamer University was everywhere this weekend. CSA actually accepted the award that he presented.


I believe it was best female RB artist. I'm gonna double check that. But let's take a listen to ussa accepting the award. Thank you so much. Tell Them about Streaming University. Congrats Kai. Thank you so much. Yes. I'm so proud of you. Sorry. I'll be happy for my friends. Okay, first off, thank you to all the fans that voted for me. Mom, do I have makeup on my teeth? Thank you to my mom and to my dad, to my best friend Amber and to my team, but literally to all of camp. I love you so much. This is like our first time like entering fan won award. So like, thank you for mobbing for us. I love you so much.


Just as much as you love me. Probably more. You have no idea. Thank you. Yeah. If, if it's fan voted, I understand Emini here, Eminem's the highest selling rapper of all time. You went back to M But I'm just thinking about it. I didn't know the M Ma was fan voted. Absolutely. Yeah. Well Just 'cause y'all didn't listen to it don't mean it ain't popular. You ain't let's do this. She knew what happened. Just told you. I know all the content. I just forgot the name of the album. Oh, I just, it is the death of some shady. I listened to it song when it came out. Name, song, what name A song When somebody say what About what were the listen to it Y Oh no, no. He got a bunch of features on it. I join The Lucas is on there. Like it's a couple people on there that we don't know. But he liked that All I like Justin The booth. I'm serious. Well to as we rap, I just wanna say it's favorite female RB artist and favorite RB song that says it one last night Kai presented the kaisa not presented the favorite female r and b artist award.


So Who won favorite fe female rap artist Or they didn't have one? I believe that was No, no, no, no, No. Megan won something because everybody was upset that she won over the gorilla. She won. Boy they stay frontline Big Glow, don't they? Yeah, they do. Yeah. Yeah they do. Because I, Megan saw I ain't gonna hold you Glo should have got that. I'm just, that's just my opinion. She, Megan won over her. It was Doja Glo Lotto. Yes. Lemme figure it out. Go to commercial. Yeah. Yep. And people were pissed off. Yes. All right, well that is the latest with Lauren. When we come back, we got front page news. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get back in some front page news. Now last night that's under beat, the Timber Wolves 1 28, 1 26.


They lead the Series three one. And my next take on the paces tonight at 8:00 PM So let's go New York. Go New York, go. What's up Morgan? All Right, yeah, let's get into it. So President Trump says Russian and President Vladimir Putin has absolutely gone crazy. So talking to truth social on Sunday, Trump said the two have always had a good relationship, but something has hap happened to Putin. He added that Putin is needlessly killing a lot of people and that he has always once said that Putin wants all of Ukraine. Not just a piece of it. Let's take a listen to President Trump's comments on Russian president Vladimir Putin. I'm not happy with what Putin's doing.


He's killing a lot of people. And I don't know what the hell happened to Putin. I've known him a long time, always gotten along with him, but he's sending rockets into cities and killing people. And I don't like it at all. So Ukrainian President, Zelensky, and a post on social media on Sunday said that nearly 300 attack drones had been launched by Russia. Meanwhile, a top Democrat in the House Intelligence Committee Connecticut's Jim Hymes. He told CBS has faced the nation that the US needs to apply maximum pressure on Russia and apply sanctions. Let's take a listen to his comments. We really uptick the sanctions. We stop the export of oil, we pressure India to stop buying Russian oil.


And of course we keep arming the Ukrainians, maximize the leverage of the West so that we can bring this war not just to a conclusion, but to a fair and just conclusion that we'll keep the Russians from invading for countries in the future. So officials in Kyiv say that at least 12 people were injured in a Russian drone attack early on Sunday, which damage homes and apartment buildings. So continue to keep you guys posted on those international affairs. You know, I've been watching those exchanges, you know, and, and it's like those two egos could be the end of civilization as we know it. Like I was thinking about that over the weekend. You, you Say the two, are you talking Trump and Putin And Trump and Putin. Putin and Trump. You, you know how they always say Russia and Putin had something on Trump and they talk about the P tapes and all that other stuff and you know, basically Russia had America in his pocket and they, they helped distill the election.


What, what if all that is true right then, then Trump has no more use for Putin anymore. And, you know, wouldn't you want to get the guy that allegedly has all of this black material against, against you of, would you wanna get him outta here? Absolutely. Yeah. You know, so, so, so, so wouldn't, wouldn't, wouldn't now be the time. It just, I, I just don't like when I hear him say, you know, Putin's crazy, he's lost it, blah, blah, blah. And then, you know, the Kremlin and they, they they throw a little shot back like that could get stupid real fast. Yeah. 'cause then they start talking about nuclear and this and Exactly. And we don't need those problems. Exactly. We need those problems. Woo. Bring it back to The front. That's bigger than a problem. If, if like, that would be the end of civilization as we know it.


And former surgeon general Vivek Murthy is calling on Congress to do more to protect children from the harms of social media. He tells CNN he tells, excuse me, NBCs meet the press that lawmakers need to establish safety standards for social media platforms. Because right now there are no protection for kids. He suggests putting warning labels on social media platforms and establishing those safety standards. Let's take a listen to his comments on NBC's Meet the press. Be Vic Murthy. It's equivalent of putting our kids in cars with no seat belts, with no airbags, and having them drive on roads with no speed limits and no traffic lights. And that is just morally unacceptable. I think Congress has so far failed in its responsibility to protect our kids, but it's not too late. They need to step up and act now.


Put warning labels on social media platforms so that parents and kids are aware of the risks that we see. I don't think warning labels are gonna change anything Emini here. Parents just gotta be, you know, watch over their kids much more. But we do have to figure out something to do. But besides just that, I don't know if you guys been seeing this new trend where it's not even a new trend, but they've been doing it for a long time, but it's getting worse and worse and worse where these kids are doing popups at malls. So they'll put it on social media and then you'll get five, 600, 700,000 kids at a mall. And then they run through the mall, stealing things, fighting, getting into altercation. So it's getting more and more dangerous when it comes to, to social media. It scares it Gotta do with social media. Huh? That's social media too, because they do it on that platform to Do it.


Yeah. But these people would running up in stores and taking clothes and been going on way before social media. Like, like Not like this. They're doing it every weekend. Emini here, they on social media. I'm saying some people may do it for trends, but Emini here, they was doing stuff like that way before social media. I can't, I can't blame Not as often as, as it Is. I can, I can't blame boosting on social media. Nah, not as often as it is now. As a result of that. We gotta, we got a booster right over. Shut Up. I knew it was coming. I never wanted to be on camera when I was on it. Exactly. But she ain't Boost a thousand people by myself. Yeah. Nah bro, you gotta get in and get out. No, but as a result of that, I know at least here in the DMV, they started to implement a lot of curfews, early curfews, especially on Fridays and Saturdays for reasons like early like 5:00 PM that if you're in a mall or you know, a, a town center of some, some sort before a certain, and, and you're under the age of eight, even 16, you know, you're, you need to have an adult with you.


Yep. Murthy did go on to say though, that parents should try to keep children under the age of 16 off social media if possible. Because kids are being affected in different way than adults. And they're starting to see it in the, the actual brain development and brain activity. So he's also calling on Congress to require more data transparency so that researchers can better, better study the effects of social media on young people. So yeah, That, that, that's been going on for a long time. Like they, you know, the malls either, if you were under 18, you had to be accompanied by a parent, a guardian, or they would have a, a curfew on on the weekend. Like, I, as long as I can remember growing up in South Carolina, they wouldn't even do that. But, But you know, that was big. That was big in the south. 'cause when I went to school in Hampton, it could only be three people.


You can only be in the mall with three people. Other than that you had to break it up. You know why? So people were six, you had to break up and you had a curfew. You know why? Because they'd be fighting. But also they'd be running up in them stores in a pack and just taking stuff. But I see that stuff been going on way before social media. Like, I, like, that's, that's not a trend. I, I would blame social media. It's just Now amplified. Yeah. But in New York, we didn't have those type of curfews or those problems. But when I went to school in the south, they definitely did. Hmm. All right. So that's your social, that's your social media. That's your front page news. Y'all follow me on socials at Morgan Media. I guess if you're on there. And for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@bnnews.com. Make it a great week, y'all. Thank you.


Thank you. Thank you. Now when we come back, the founder and CEO of my ILI Organics will be joining us. May L why you turn into a Spanish word? It is my l the Dominican, Dominican Turn everything into Spanish. It's Not my ILI is Mayel. Mayel Organics will be joining us. Monique Rodriguez. Is that, is that Spanish? Yeah. I asked her that. She, I couldn't wait to answer 'cause she black. We'll talk to her next, her new book, The Glory in Your Story. Should we talk, should we talking to us? Next is The Breakfast Club Morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne Nega. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building.


Yes indeed. We have Miss Monique Rodriguez. Welcome. Thank you. How you feeling this morning? I'm Great. How are you? Doing Well, doing well. She's Also got a new memoir out now. The Glory in Your Story, activating a fearless faith to change your life, your career in The World. Yes. Now you turned a, a kitchen recipe into a multimillion dollar brand. Yes. What was the moment you realized you weren't just selling products, you were actually building a movement? Well, you know, I went into this knowing that I was building a movement. You know, I created this brand out of necessity. You know, I felt that there was a lack of relatability in the hair care space. There was a lack of great products, healthy products for women that look like me.


And I wanted to fill this void, but I always operated with a multimillion dollar mindset. Mm. I operated with the mindset of like, I'm gonna be on the shelf with these bigger brands one day eventually. And the day that we launched, which was May 23rd, our anniversary is actually next week. And we sold out of every oil that we had. And we had a small amount of inventory, about a hundred bottles because I was a small business, didn't know that it was gonna take off the way that, that it did. And the day that we launched, we sought out of every single product. And I knew at that moment like, I'm onto something because I knew that it was a need for it. I love the, the, the multimillion dollar mindset.


Explain, explain that to people for those who may not have one. Yeah. You know, I think success is when I talk about like activating fearless faith to change your mind. Success is all about mindset. And you know, I grew up basically in the hood, right? You know, I didn't come from a lot, but I always dreamed big. And I would look at other successful people and say, oh, they're successful because they're lucky. And I knew that I had to change my mindset and shift from thinking that no, they're not just lucky. They worked for it. Right? Yeah. You know, they had to step out and be bold and go after their dreams and pursue their purpose. And I shifted my mindset from thinking that I didn't deserve success to thinking that I do deserve it. And I realized that once that started to shift my level of thinking And I operated from a level of abundance and not lack more things flowed to me.


Hmm. Now in 2014, you were a registered nurse. Yes. So what made you say, you know what, this is not for me, and what puts you in the mind frame to actually create these products? Right. Because people could say, you know, they could take a product and sell it, but you actually had to make it, you had to try it. I'm sure it didn't work right away the first time. I'm sure your daughter was sitting back there. I'm sure you burnt her hair a couple times. You trying it out? I Don't think I burnt it, but you know, she was, she was a definitely a Guinea pig. Guinea pig. So talk about that procedure and how that came about. Yeah, so actually, so I was a labor and delivery nurse And I was a nurse for eight and a half years. And I became a nurse because my mom encouraged me to be a nurse. She was very traditional. You know, go to school, go to college, do what job you need to do, get a real job so you can survive.


My mom was basically about survival. She had that mentality, which no fault because most of our parents generation, they came from that type of generation. And even though when I was younger, like I've always had this dream and passion to be in the beauty space, my mom would always tell me like, it's cute, but you know, that's not a stable career. So I kind of like put my dreams to the wayside and pursued what my mom wanted me to do. So it was never something that like I saw myself doing. So when I did graduate college And I started work in labor and delivery, I knew, I'm like, this is not a career path that I wanna do for the rest of my life. And unfortunately, after doing that for eight years, I was pregnant with my, my third child, my son.


And unfortunately it was a high risk pregnancy. Bless you. Thank you. Bless you. And he passed away from complications. And when you go through pain, sorry to hear that. It's something Thank you. Something that's so traumatic. It catapulted me to live life on my own terms and not to live my life on someone else's dream, which was my mom, because you only get one shot at life. And my pregnancy was high risk also for my life. And I decided to pursue my dreams, do something that I love, something that was purposeful, something that I can wake up and feel like I have fulfillment and joy doing. And I went back to that love as a child being in the beauty space.


And I started creating, I'm a creative by nature And I would just go in my kitchen and mix together like different ingredients and studying research, like what ingredients work well on our hair. And I started posting it on social media and while people were following me and thinking like, well what is this girl doing? Like she's posting all these recipes. It was really a creative outlet for me to express myself and to take my mind off of grief, the grieving process. Oh wow. Yeah. And that's how Mayel became what it is. Where Did Mayo come from? The name? The name. Oh, so that's a great question. I love answering that question. It's actually a combination of my kids' names. So I have Mia, Gabrielle back there, Mackenzie, Ariel.


My son's name was Milan. It's a combination of all their names and their middle names L so they're my Ls. Did they charge you? They did, because I'm still paying for it today. Like they, they are always asking for something. Right. But you know, they get, get paid. Well, how did You go? I, I, I, I, I feel like I'm skipping steps And I want everybody to go read the book. The Glory in Your Story. Yes, please. But when you go from the kitchen to actually getting your products on the shelves, what were the steps? Like what did you do? Like Yeah, so, you know, my way of going into retail was not a traditional way. I started in 2014. We entered into retail in 2016, which number one is very rare for a brand, a small black-owned business to start and not have any type of momentum or leverage and to go into retail.


So it was very risky. And my goal was to go into retail year five. I wasn't even expecting to go into retail the, the year that we did. But we had built up so much momentum and we had built up this great community and it got the attention of the retailers. So our first retail partner was Sally Beauty. And they heard about us on social media and of course retailers, they want to be a part of brands that can add value to them. So you can't just go into a retailer saying, oh, I wanna put my products on your shelf and expecting them to, you know, do the marketing for you. You have to have something that you can bring value or add to their shelf.


And we were a brand that was a disruptive brand and it caught their attention. And then they called us to have a meeting with them. And it was so divine because when we got the call to have a meeting with Sally's, their headquarters is in Denton, Texas. We were actually there in Dallas for my daughter's gymnastics competition. So we were not there for any business meeting. And I actually almost turned down a meeting because we were there with our kids and we're like, well, we don't have a babysitter to go into this corporate meeting. And they wanted us so bad. They were like, bring your kids to this meeting. So they were like five and nine at the time. Did they behave? And they did. And I told them like, you guys better not say anything. Go in there, sit with your hands folded, like, don't move because this is the really big deal.


And I went in there with no presentation, just talked about my love and passion for this space. And they tested us in 95 stores and they said, we're gonna test you out 'cause you're a new brand and we'll see how the brand goes. We launched in February and every store that we were selling in sold out in less than two hours. Wow. It was just 'cause of social media. It was just because of social media, Instagram at that. Wow. Yeah. We're still kicking It with the founder and CEO of Myel Organics, Monique Rodriguez. Jess, Why did you decide to sell it to PG, you know, Proctor and Gamble? Yeah, that's a great question. So when we decided to sell, it was all about scale and global infrastructure.


When you are growing a brand in order to scale, it's all about access to capital and having the great infrastructure and people to help execute your vision. And so the thing is like, we didn't need to sell, right? We wanted to sell because we wanted to invest in innovation. We wanted to have global reach and we wanted to be able to create more accessibility for the consumers that we serve. You know, when you look at the texture hair care aisle, it's very, it's a small space. And our community, like we complained that we don't have access to great products. And my whole goal from the very beginning of building Mayo was to build a global empire. And I know that as founders, we did our best to take the brand as far as we could with our resources.


And this is a normal trajectory of business. The goal of building a brand is to either IPO or exit. And I've accomplished that goal. And the great thing about it is I've been able to negotiate my contract to where I'm still on board. I'm still making deci the decisions, I'm still running the company, I still set the vision forward. So it's a very unique structure that, you know, not everyone sees. And I know the community tends to be scared of brands that are acquired, but it's really a great win for us, especially as a black brand, a black girl from the south side of Chicago, right. To even have the opportunity to have a conversation, a seat at the table with the conglomerate, like a p and g is a huge win of it in itself.


Yeah. Because we don't get opportunities like that often. We don't see it all the time. And you know, I wanted to show the possibilities of what's possible. Like we can take the heat, us as founders, I can take the heat of breaking glass ceilings because I know that I'm also paving the way for my daughter's generation so she can build a brand and create something great and have a successful exit because we build thriving communities. When we build brands, scale them exit, we build generational wealth, not just for us, but for the community we serve. Preach Monique. But lemme tell you something, one of the hardest things to do in life is to explain business to people Who ain't got, who don't understand business. Yeah, that's right. That's the hardest thing. And I don't affect, Expect them to understand how did that affect your business, right?


Because people see it differently. Where did you lose a lot of people? Were people hating on it? Did it mess business up? How did that affect y'all? No, when we sold it didn't mess business up. And that's the thing, like when we made the announcement, you know, I really took the time to try to educate the community on the why, like why businesses scale up, why, you know, we become acquired and it's to create generational wealth and so we can have more access to help our community. So I, I put this whole message out to explain, and while we did have a huge amount of support from the community, Emini here, you know, like the, the bigger you are, the more eyeballs are you, you're also gonna have people that don't like it, that don't understand it.


And I feel that if, you know, there's so much access to information out here, right? So if you really want to know how business works, you can research it, right? And you can take the time to listen when someone's trying to educate you. And I say this all the time, ignorance is a choice. That's right. You can choose to be ignorant when you have information in front of you. And if you just choose to not pay attention to it, then that is your choice and you have a right to your choice. But I'm gonna choose to focus and educate those that wanna be educated, that wanna understand the why, and also those that want to start a business have an idea. And what is the trajectory of that? I wanna show that by example, because it's not normal in our community.


We have to normalize this because when I did my deal, it was, oh, you're a unicorn. Yeah, that's almost great. But it's not great because we don't wanna be unicorns. We want this to be a normal conversation for us. And so it didn't hurt the brand, but you know, I think it also comes with the territory. And I say this all the time, two things. If you don't wanna be copied or criticized, then don't be great. That's right. Did you, I'm sure you saw the TikTok trends of people saying that they lost their hair after you did sell to p and g silently. You know, did they have something to do with the formula? They said, this is not the same mayo, this is not the same formula. And people, you know, it was, it was a lot of people saying that they had lost their hair behind it.


What would you say to that? Yeah, and you know, hair loss is, you know, traumatic in and of itself. And I can empathize with anyone that has suffered with hair loss. I myself have suffered with postpartum macheing hair loss. Right? And I think I want people to realize, like, this is the reason why I created the brand, right? I created this brand to serve women with healthier products for their hair. When I made the decision to partner with p and g, it was very intentional. A lot of thought went into the decision making process. This was not a fly by night decision. You know, it was a lot of due diligence done on both ends, my end and their ends.


And we have to realize, like when you think of p and g, a lot of the products that are in our household are by p and g. They are a brand that's been around for hundreds of years that creates longevity, sustainability across generations with their brands. So I would never sell to a company that I knew that I thought would harm my creation. Like Mayel is my baby. Mayel was birth out of heartbreak. Like, this is something that's near and dear to my heart. I would never sell to a company that I thought was gonna ruin, you know, my brand. So, and that, and the thing is like, people have to realize that I'm also a nurse, right?


Like I lead with empathy, I lead with compassion, I lead with caring about the community that I serve. We would never put anything in our products that are going to damage or disrupt any woman's hair. And the people that are saying the formulas change, the formulas have not changed. You know, if, if people would actually take the time to see our products that were in 20 20, 20 20, right? And you look at now since after the partnership, the, the formulas are still the same. So the thing is like misinformation is spreads like wildfire and people don't take the time to like do their homework and do their own due diligence before coming to their own assumptions.


But I can confidently say that our products do not cause people tear to fall out. And also people just be hating. You mean to tell me that after you get acquired by Proctor and Gamble for an undisclosed amount, they know you got that cake all of a sudden it's just all of these TikTok videos online people saying, yeah, the product make my hair fall out all of a sudden. Yeah, it came outta nowhere. Come on man. And it's the product. Come on, we We're not stupid. Here. Come On, come on. And it's like, I use the products. My daughter, she use, look at her hair hair's beautiful. Like we, my family uses the products. Like this is like, I don't take this lightly. And this partnership has always been led with honesty and transparency. And I, I'm gonna be honest with you guys, what people also don't realize is that when you are a smaller brand, a lot of the things that you do can go under the radar because you don't have a lot of eyeballs on you.


Yeah. Right? I've seen brands that are smaller, that have products out and they don't even have the ingredients listed Yeah. On their products, right? When you are a bigger brand, you can't do that. So the level of, of compliance and processes and the, the, the level of strictness that we had to be in compliant with to even talk to p and g, the safety regulations were like through the roof. So people have to understand like this is a large company, they operate with the highest level of safetyness, right? And they've even helped us operate even more safer so people can trust, like these products are good to use. Nothing has changed. We operate with the same level of integrity.


Everything's the same, other than we just have access to more. And you Know what else? I would like to see all the brands that Proctor and Gamble has just, just my stuff makes your hair fall out. Allegedly the black woman owned product just makes your hair fall out. Right? The Black woman I the game have been around for years. Years. I would also also say that every hair product's, not for everybody. Yeah. Like what you use in your hair that might work for you or your daughter might not work for me or my daughter. You know what Emini here, that doesn't mean that it, it's, it's all, it's all in people's hairs are different. That's same. Yeah, yeah. Like yours. Like there's nothing that could work for y'all. All I'm saying is pro Proctor and Gamble have been around forever and nobody's made those complaints, but now all of a sudden, come On man. Yeah, of course. We're still kicking it with Monique Rodriguez, the founder and CEO of Myel Organics.


She has a new book. The Glory in Your Story, Charlemagne of You think the Black community puts too much pressure on black owned businesses to be perfect and they'll give grace to like other billion dollar brands that don't ever even show up for us. Oh, absolutely. Like Emini here, we, we can see it all the time. Time. Like we see millionaires, billionaires that build companies exit all the time and we celebrate it. That's the point of business. Like you said earlier, that's the point of business. But when a black person does it, like we tear them down and, and the thing is like, we gotta choose our heart. We gotta pick our battles. We complain as a community that we have a access, lack of access to capital mentorship expertise.


But then when we're trying to create these avenues of creating wealth so we can create access to capital expertise and mentorship, there has to be more of us to do it, then we tear it down. So either you don't want the access or then when we do get the access, you can't tear us down for, for getting that access. And that's why I said we gotta, we gotta choose our heart as a community because we can't have it both ways. Because what happens is we stifle our community when we tear black brands down for doing what other cultures do all the time. We stifle us because now it causes fear in investors. It causes strategics to say, oh, now you're more risky. So now I'm going to devalue you.


So me, if I was a different culture, my value could have been more if that risk wasn't there. So all we're doing is we're setting ourselves back because the next Monique Rodriguez that comes forward that tries to do this, they're gonna ask the question like, because they asked me how is your community gonna feel


about, Hey, what up y'all? It's DEJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare, it's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take the skyline views that, let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features


If you own a home. Here's an interesting fact for you today. American homeowners are sitting on a record amount of home equity that's the part of your home you own outright. Rocket Mortgage can help you turn that home equity into cash and that can help you fund a home renovation, pay for your kids college tuition or pay off consolidated high interest debt. To learn more, just call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com today. Rocket Mortgage LLC license in 50 states. NM ls consumer access.org number 30 30


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting that rental card that you requested or your way to turn it out just like you dreamed it would and someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing's guaranteed at t is breaking something new to the table at t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you want to know more about the at&t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connected changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.co/guarantee for details


Piece to the planet. Charlemagne to God here. Look, we all make mistakes, but owning up to them is the right thing to do. You know, degree cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with their fans degree's. Whole thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition and degree, listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool Rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti pressman for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try to OG degree, cool rush for yourself


This, right? And now we have to come up with the whole strategic plan on how to relay this message, message in an educational way. When I asked them back, do you have to do this with any other cultures? Their response was, no. So I need you to expound on that, Monique. 'cause I think what you're speaking to is whenever something like this happens, right, like you know, you do get acquired by p and g, the backlash from social media can be so bad that it makes these companies be like, whoa, should we have done that situation? And they'll think about doing that, you know, to the next person, Right? And that's why it's important that when black brands scale and are exited, we have to show up even more as a community to support those brands. Because now they're looking at these brands as a case study.


They're looking at Mayel now as a case study of like, what happens when you're acquired and does the community still ride for you? Do the, does the community still support you? And again, if if we don't support and they start to see sales drop off, then it, it stifles opportunity for a next entrepreneur that wants to scale. And that's the part we have to realize. And again, to your point, we can't expect people that you know, don't understand that's not in business to understand business. Yep. But again, like we are creating platforms like this to help spread the word and to educate. Yeah. Right. We're taking the time to educate you. So you should stay in your mind. I'm gonna support this black founded brand.


Like let's not Just say we support black owned, let's also support black founded brands. Yeah. Right. Because we're all a community. We're all in this together. In order for us, us to create these thriving communities, we gotta support us, right? Things that are made by us, created by us, not just owned by us. Because you should have the freedom and the opportunity to do whatever it is that you wanna do with your brand. If you wanna stay small and local, you have a purpose to serve. You should be able to do that. If you wanna stay online and serve just online consumers, you should be able to do that. If you wanna scale and exit and be acquired or IPO, you should have the freedom and flexibility to do whatever it is that you wanna do with your brand without being criticized. That's right. Yeah. You know? Yeah. You know, I think there's a lot of people feel like, well a lot of founders get pushed out when the big money shows up, so they just wanna make sure that y'all still calling the shots and it's not just a black face on like a, a white white boardroom.


Yeah, no. Like I'm on Zoom calls pretty much every day. Yeah. Still talking about mayel and product innovation and development and marketing and different events and activations and how we can show up for the community. So, you know, Emini here, I of course I am the face of the brand. I created the brand, but I'm more than just a face. I'm also the strategic vision behind it as well too. So I have, I make the final decisions on everything that touches the consumers And I do it because I made it that way. So we put like those safeguards in place to protect our brand, to protect our legacy. And You built it with your husband. I'm sorry, go ahead. I was just saying, and it frees up a lot more of your time. So you can do things like write your book and then I'm sure delve into other business endeavors and things like that because what p and g also is, is like, like good partners for you.


Like they, they take on the bulk of manufacturing. You had to do all of this by yourself. Yeah. At one point, you know, I'm sure you had a team, but that's the part that they take on as well. Like they make it, I don't wanna say easier, but a little bit more easier to run the whole ship. Yeah. Like they free up a lot of my mental capacity, they go so I can like have the mental capacity to make the the hard decisions, the decisions that matter. And you mentioned something about manufacturing, like we still manufacture our own products. So manufacturing was not even p and g doesn't manufacture our products. That's what I'm saying. Like everything is still the same. Like we still manufacture in Chicago. Right, right. Where I'm from, so Yeah. And you built it with your husband, right?


Yes. So my husband, we've been together since I was 16, known each other since we were 12 and 13. And so we've literally like grown up together. And when I had this dream, he supported it from the very beginning. Like he operates from a very logistical finance operations mindset. And I'm the visionary, the creator. And like when you just merge those two different sides of the brain, you know, skill sets, like we've been able to build this, you know, amazing company and be this dynamic duo duo because you know, we both add different value to the company and different skill sets. A lot of people say don't mix business in marriage. What'd you say to that? I say the wedding rings says it all. That should. Great. Crazy, Crazy.


Yours is too. Thank you. You know, I thank you girl. Thank you. You said about mixing business. Yeah. You would say don't mix business with marriage. What do you think About that Emini here? I don't, I think you have to, to know like what works for you in your marriage. Like I've met some married couples that are like, well we can't work together and they're happier not doing so. And that's totally fine. I don't think there's no wrong or right answer for us. It works well for us because, you know, the things that he does for the company, I honestly don't even want to do. And of course he knew nothing about haircare and products, so he couldn't really operate in my space. And I think if you want to make it work, you have to like take your egos out of it. You know, you can't be in competition with your spouse.


And my husband, he was always big on like pushing me to the forefront. He's like, listen, this is your time to shine women, you guys have been held back for so long. Like, I'm okay with putting you out there and letting you be at the forefront and I'll just help and support you on the back end. And I just think that it takes a real man to say, you know what? I'm okay with being behind the scenes and you being out there and I'm gonna just support your vision. And him not feeling like, well I'm the man, I'm the protector. Like, you can't be out there. Like, he was very comfortable saying, I'm just gonna support you. And he's done just that. And you know, my mentor told me, she's like, there will be no mayel if it wasn't for you. Melvin and you or you, you and like you guys had to build this together.


And you know, it's, I think it works for us and you just have to know like what works for you and have respect for each other, respect each other's roles and lanes and you know, just be aligned with your vision Too, to Melvin. He's he's also a black man too. He's also A black man. Yes. Put that on There. Rodriguez come from. So his mom is Puerto Rican. Oh right. Yeah. I was gonna Say how you black he black, but all right, cool. Yeah, that's a great question. Pick up the book right now. The Glory in Your Story. Yes man, you are an inspiration. Monique, you and your husband Melvin. I really respect what it is that y'all are doing and, and have done And I wish and pray for much more successful.


I I appreciate that. Absolutely. Thank you so much. It's Monique Rodriguez, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight face. She gets them from somebody that Knows somebody well, she gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on you. Good Lord. The latest with Lauren la sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What's the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk, talk to me. Alrighty y'all. So Diddy back in court again this week, but right now there's a, there's gonna be some explosive testimonies today, including Capricorn Clark that we will hear from a man named Lance Who is Capricorn Clark.


For people that don't know Capricorn Clark is a previous personal assistant of Diddy's. Mm. But she has come up in this case and that in this hearing, almost every single day that I've been there, because she was around and has witnessed so much, she is the woman that Kit Cudi alleges called her and said, Hey, Diddy's at your house. She's the woman that is alleging that Diddy made her her get in the car with him to go to Kid Cutty's house. She was, you know, the person that knew about the burner phone that Cassie talked about, that she would talk to Kid Cudi on. She knows a lot of the things and everyone has mentioned her. So now we will finally get to hear from her about her testimony, her experiences. But before we get there today, Diddy's team, Brian still his, his attorneys actually asking for Kit Cuddy's testimony to be thrown out.


What he's saying is that why, because, so they're saying that it's unfair and it's legally irrelevant. They're saying number one, that there's no proof of what Kit Cudi is saying that everything is, is his opinion or what he believes. But there's no evidence, there's no confession from Diddy and there's no actual receipts. I there's no evidence. But there was a car that was blown up. So I'm I'm get to that part. So they're also saying that because he has no personal knowledge of, of seeing Diddy there himself. No eyewitness. No, it's all speculation. Now to answer your question, you're talking about a car was blown up. So there should be DNA, there should be all these things, right? That's what you're asking. No, that's not what I'm asking. Well, if A car, what, what, what Diddy's team is saying is if a car is blown up and you're going to say that Diddy was lying to you.


'cause remember Kid Cudi said, I asked him about it And I knew he was lying to me. He said that on the stand, if you're gonna say that, you need something hard to back that up, pause exactly. To back it up. So you need like, you need something more like we need more evidence. We can't just go off of what you think happened, right? Because of all these events that you just put together and said, you know what he has to be responsible for. That's what they're saying. True. Now getting to the car. So Lance Jimenez, he is a city of LA fire department arson investigator. So he's gonna get on the stand and testify to responding to the car arson of Kid Cuddy's. And they're gonna get into this whole DNA conversation because Brian Steele, when Kid Cudi was on the stand, tried to get to the point that there was DNA found on a bottle in the car on kid Cuddy's porch.


That was blown up. And there was DNA evidence on that bottle that linked to a woman. That makes no sense to me because I saw people keep saying that on social media And I'm like, what Y'all thought that Diddy threw the car, the the, the bottle himself. That's what I was gonna say. You Really think you're gonna see, you think Diddy got out, cut open the top and then dropped it in there. You think Diddy got his hands dirty? Like, come on. Like that's what, that's what y'all really think Happened. Emini here, I think they're leaning into one of those. Well, for, for Diddy scene, they're gonna lean into, if, if the glove don't fit, like if, if you don't have the physical evidence that puts him there at the crime doing it, then what are we even talking about right now? And that's true. Unless It's a woman that comes out and says, Hey, I was paid by Diddy to do X, Y, Z, then that's a whole nother conversation. Now here's the thing.


So when the arson detective or investigator gets on the stand, the government is asking the judge to not allow Brian Steele Diddy's attorney to even be able to bring up that DNA. And the reason why they're asking that is because they're saying that even though he'll be able to testify that he responded and there were reports taken, he, according to this, this document that they submitted, the investigator says that they only recovered partial female DNA, he can't speak to what partial female DNA even means. They also say that he did not personally collect the swabs, he didn't perform the testing himself. And he has no personal knowledge regarding the testing other than what was included in the report.


And they're saying that the report basically is like, it's not a full report. So it doesn't talk about any other DNA that would've been possibly found. And they're legend that this bottle could have went through multiple hands before it got to the car, where then, you know, the car was blown up. So was It a Ciroc bottle? It just said like a glass, like a was it A daily on bottle? They didn't say that. If it, if it would've been that, that would've been crazy. Yeah, It wouldn't have did that. I'm sure. And I'm sure Diddy didn't do it himself. So all the DNA just makes no sense, like Charlemagne said, unless somebody's gonna come out and say, Diddy paid me to do that. Like this is, it's Scary. I'll tell you one thing though. I'm surprised Diddy team ain raised in hell about Capricorn clock taking the stand. Oh, But that starts Today, right? Capricorn clock. I'm bringing it, I'm telling y'all right now.


People are, if, if you've been paying attention to this case, even though you might not know her as like a celebrity name, right? People are really looking forward to her testimony because she has a lot that she can speak to. She, they, they're gonna wanna lean into like, you know, conversation about his Diddy's alleged jealous rages that he would go when it came to Cassie, the Kid Cudi stuff that we just talked about. There were instances with the woman Gina that Diddy used to date, that another personal assistant said that he witnessed, that made him allegedly quit. And he said he went to Capricorn Clark and told her, Hey, I'm quitting because this is what I just saw. So Capricorn Clark is a very important witness for both sides because she has seen a lot.


And if you can debunk a lot of what she's gonna say, you can prove either Diddy right or wrong. And if you can get her on the stand and she fills in a lot of the holes that we've been hearing. She was Diddy's assistant, right? She was, yeah, one of Diddy's. He had like four or five assistants like, but she was one, it seems like she was like the go-to for a lot of things. She also, there were conversations that Cassie mentioned on the stand where she was involved in like the whole like escorts and getting them to different places allegedly and all these things. So did We ever find out if, if these people who are testifying for prosecution are getting immunity? So I was told by a source that there are conversations about that and then one of the personal assistants that was on the stand, his name was George Kaplan, he said, I don't wanna be here.


I still love Diddy even though this is a very complicated relationship. And they asked him, well why are you here? Are you receiving some sort of like immunity? He didn't say yes, definitely. But he said that there was a conversation with his attorney but he couldn't recall the conversation because, so that is the closest I've gotten to the answer. If you're giving all these people immunity, of course they're gonna say what they wanna say because they're not gonna be charged, right? Yeah. They're more likely to represent for the prosecution team than the defensive. If you gonna gimme immunity, Yes and no because Emini here, if you're immune you Just say whatever, who's gonna do something to you? You Know what I was wondering too? How many of these people were actually Diddy's co-defendants but then they flipped before trial? Because you know it's a Rico, right? So when it's a Rico it gotta be more than one person. It's, I wonder how many, I wonder how many of these people were actually his code deeds but then they decided to give testimony against him.


Well I would assume a lot even with Cassie Emini here. Anybody that's involved maybe Cece with Capricorn Clark maybe. Who? Ce James Cruz, whatever. Clark ce. Capricorn Clark. Oh, Cece and kk. Who's kk? Christina. Christina's too many. KK cece's? Mm. It's a lot of, he had a lot of big What boutique gonna hit the stand though? Who? Boutique. Because the booty ain't hitting the stand. It's only week three. Not me Googling I was the Google bootie witness thing. Like did I mess up Witness? Don't drop me Crazy. Punisher on the stage. You at, what's the Other one's name on the stage? That was booty. Yeah, that we, that was Ang, yes. Yeah, but those, that's the booty that just was there to participate. I'm talking about the booty that got penetrated.


I know that's coming soon. Christina Koran is another person that is, that's kk. And then CC is Capricorn Clark. And you really had me looking up Booty 'cause I'm like, well how did I miss Booty? How? How did I miss Booty? There's more to this because Dawn, Richard, Dawn Rashard, you guys remember she took the stand? Yes. Now Q from making a band has come out with some claims against her and all of this as well too. Did You tell us why he crying was crying yet? Yes He did tell us why he was crying. But we need to bring it back in the next hour because there's audio And I wanna make sure that we could play. But he, he finally revealed why he was crying damn about Puff and why he was up allegedly. And remember he was up here. He said, y'all gonna find out later. He didn't wanna talk about it. So we'll get into it at the top of the next hour. Alright, We'll get to that next Charlamagne we giving your boutique too, your donkey too.


Shut up Before, after the hour we need a couple of young brothers, Joshua, Thomas Coleman and Abdul Boyd to come to the front of the congregation. We like to have a word with Them all. We'll get to that next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are checking out The Breakfast Club. Say the gang Donkey other shape. You are a donkey. It's time for donkey today. Donkey of today does not discriminate. I might not have the song today, but I got the donkey today. So if you ever feel I need to be a donkey today, the, it's The Breakfast Club Bitches. Who's donkey today? Today donkey today for Tuesday, May 27th.


Coach to Joshua Thomas Coleman and Abdul Boyd. They are the two suspects charged in connection with the fatal shooting of Kir Johnson. More commonly known as L-G-B-L-G-P Quo. Okay, let me tell you something man. LGP quo is a young brother that a lot of us followed on social media. A lot of us reposted. You know we, we've talked about him. He on The Breakfast Club that was from Philly. He's from Philly. Yes he, he was a breath of fresh air. A young man who had demon, the voice of the youth. And all he did was rap about things of socially redeeming value. Okay? All he did was rap about the realities of the discreet. But more importantly, how have these young brothers didn't change their ways? They would end up dead or in jail.


Play. Play something from LG LGP Qua, right? Colin Kaepernick, I Support you hands down, taught us how to stand up. Why you think we nailed down Valentine's to a massacre when shots threw 17 people got killed in the Florida high school. Tell these little girls, you a queen. That's the right move. More than like the twerking on the Grammy and getting likes. Move. Time to stop the hating. Time to make improvement now. Time to stop the killings and shootings and all the suicide from the city's brotherly love. You know what's do or die time to come together? Stick together like the you the brown. I don't sell my soul. 'cause my problem won't ride with I ain't selling drugs. No, I'm just giving knowledge. Dropping a loose bombs for lg. It is just one of those killings that literally makes you understand and realize why you just gotta stay dangerous.


Because it doesn't matter what you on, you can be presenting the best energy in The World. You could be a super positive person and there will be somebody out there miserable, ready to take your life simply because they hate their own. Can we go to Fox 29 Philly for the report please? Right now, new developments in the murder of a beloved Philadelphia rapper. Police arresting two suspects in the Mother's Day. Murder of rapper Quiere Johnson, known as LGP Qua. And they're looking for a third person. Police say this man right here, 21-year-old Amir Early is wanted for his alleged involvement in that May 11th shooting. Police say Joshua Thomas Coleman and Abdul Boyd, both 19 years old are in custody and under arrest, charged with the rapper's murder Quad did nothing but speak out against gun violence.


He did nothing but promote positivity in Philly and y'all robbed and killed him on Mother's Day. I was told they robbed him over a chain. Okay, three of y'all. Joshua Thomas Coleman, Abdu Boyd. And they're searching for a third suspect named Amir. Early you all robbed and killed a young man who was just trying to make it out the hood. Okay? Like you young brothers are okay. In fact, you killed a young man who I guarantee would've came up and came back for so many other young brothers in Philadelphia. I do not understand why we are so hell Ben, on hurting the people God sent to help us and over a chain. By the way, I don't know if it was over a chain, I'm just repeating what my Philly folks told me. But whatever it was over, it wasn't something that was gonna change our lives. Okay? You all are charged with murder. And in Philly the penalty for murder ranges from life without parole to the death penalty.


Okay? You both are 19 years old. Amir is 21. Life as you know it is over. You will never be anything more than a number in a system. And I don't wanna say what these kids be thinking. What do they know about prison that we don't know? Okay? Smart people learn from their own mistakes wise people learn from the mistakes of others. Have we not seen enough people go to prison forever to know we don't need to be out here just killing each other. You taking a life and throwing your life away. For what? I wonder, did they even know who Quo was? If you knew who Qua was and still took his life knowing that he was just a positive brother who genuinely wanted better for you, then I really have zero remorse for you. Okay? F him. Let the white man sort it out because there's no saving lost souls like y'all.


I know we have conversations about rehabilitation, but they gotta rehabilitate in prison. They don't ever deserve freedom. Okay? Qua would never breathe again. He got murdered at 30. At 30. I was just figuring life out. I was literally just getting started and entering the best times of my life. I wasn't even married at 30. My first daughter was born two days before my 30th born day. You know how much life I've lived from 30 to now. I'll be 47 next month. And I thank God that he blessed me with the opportunity to see those years. And I pray for at least 47 more. I actually need 54 more. Okay? I need to die at 101. I actually read something yesterday that by 2030 humans could be immoral with the help of nano bots that'll make us all immune to diseases.


I don't think I want to live forever because I'm sure God has another adventure for my soul. But I want you to think about this. Qua will never get to experience any of that because he's deceased. So Joshua Abdul soon to be Amir when they catch you because they going to catch you. Y'all don't deserve freedom ever again because you let your darkness turn someone's lights out. You let your negativity, your problem steal someone else's joy. Someone else's enthusiasm took a mother's child away on Mother's Day. You deserve the worst of what your judicial system has to offer because I am truly sick of us being our own worst enemy. And I will never understand why we hurt people who are just simply trying to help.


Please give Joshua Coleman an Abdul Boyd, the biggest heehaw in Amir early. You might as well turn yourself in. Yeah, I don't even do that. I don't even know where the hell you think you going. That's it. Like you. You might as well just go ahead and turn yourself in. But Say judicial again Real quick. Judicial. Oh okay. Yes. You slow it down next time. Spell it. J-U-D-I-C-I-A-L. Don't play with me. Don't play With me. I don't think that's how you spell it. That is. It Is. It is. I'm not sure judicial. The only reason I don't trust it 'cause you You spelled it. Wow. Wow. Oh he tried it. Wow. He tried it. You spelled it right. Alright, thank you. Well thank you for that donkey of the day. Now let's open up the phone lines.


This kind of, this conversation started from behind the scenes. We were talking this morning. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. I don't know. Bring call Lauren. Now Lauren is catching a little bit of heat, right? For what? Her wigs not in the back. What Whatcha talking about When that crack head ran up on her? No, we talking About No, no, no Man. What you talking About Lauren is catching a little heat. You know Lauren goes to the courthouse each and every day. She, she's a journalist so she reports what's going on at the trial. She and she's, she's out there and she's doing things. But on the weekend, Lauren, she she'll go to the beach and she'll wear a bikini. Yes. She'll go out, she'll have a good time. She'll be twerking. She does what she wants to do. Does she have a life?


'cause she have a life because she has a life. Okay, so the question is 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. You killed My nerves you and he'd ignored it. Does what you wear off The clock affect how people see your professionalism? Well If it's a leather bikini in the Dr. Yes you have Leather, A leather bikini in the dr. It was, first of all it was leather shorts in a DR with a nice top and 107 degrees. So people are mad that you, they Not mad that it was leather. They mad 'cause that boobs Brown girl chaffin. So you wear leather in the Uhuh. You were that from the brown girl Chaffin. You were At home one weekend before they getting that ready is you can't Wait. So I, so the question is a Leather in Dr. Crazy 8 5 1 0 5 1.


Dominicans don't even do that. People Are mad at Lauren because on the weekend she went out there, she had a bikini on, she was out there having a good time and people were saying it's not professional, It Was level. That's not what you should be doing. You are a journalist. You're gonna be in court today and people look at you a little differently. That's Why They was mad. And when we talked about it behind the scene, which really sparked my Interest. No was Morgan that does front page news, she got pissed. Mark Was like, no you could talk what? Wanna talk on the weekend? It's your body. You could do what you wanna do. If y fellas want to go out there and wear a bathing suit, it's cool when you got your shirt off we can see your pit fools. What? Why you a guy in a bikini on the beach that's gay Emini Here. That's what you wanna do. Like she came in here with pajamas on today. She could do what she want.


Period. That is very true. And that today was a very, I'm tired. You know what Emini here, but I'm gonna court and I'm looking also two people have an issue with me going to court looking nice. I look nice everywhere I go. What's up? You're just upset that the con content is a little more consistent right now. Not I thought they was mad 'cause you had on leather in the DR And I thought that was justified. No, no, no Baby I The anger outrageous clip the phone. Eight oh five one. Since Lauren is a journalist, she's at court every day. Oh my god. Do you have a problem with her on the weekend wearing a bikini or wearing provocative clothes or twerking on somebody? Can she have Both? They also was talking about my, they was like your boobs not asymmetrical. I said you also used to not seeing red ones. Y'all don't know What you mean. They're not asy. What does they Smash me? They don't.


Your boobs. Mine is a little bigger than Ava. They all, that's natural. Like far whi eyes is what James said. This guy's crazy. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Let discuss. Yo, you look like a big toe. Can you just relax? It's the Good pull. Pull your phone. Call in right now. Call me. Add your opinion to The Breakfast Club topic. Break it down. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. The Breakfast Club. Daddy call my phone. Call my phone man. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody.


It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now if you just joining us, people were upset with Lauren LaRosa very own reason being is Lauren LaRosa be in court, she's a journalist and when they see her on the weekends, you know she has a bikini on. She's dressed a little provocative. She's out, she's twerking, she's doing her thingI and people are upset about that. So what they're saying is they think she should take journalism a little bit more serious. That's what they're saying. They're saying it's unprofessionals not classy. It's not professional, it's not classy. Don't start selling your body because you're started to make it. Oh My God. God forbid you put on a little outfit and you and you support black business. Yeah because that's what you doing. Because it was a whole HBCU weekend.


It's Dr. What am I supposed to have on i I don Only Clothes that you wear. Now first of all before we get to any of this, Got out to the plastics, NYC, those were the leather shorts that I was wearing. That makes no sense to wear leather in the Dr. Can we at least admit to that before we just judge people and act like the critique of Lauren is so bad. I admit They weren't focused on the leather. Only you are they They Het leather. The Bikini, no Leather bikini man. It was Not a bikini. I was at a party. It was shorts. They were leather cut shorts like Dizzy dukes. It was, he was on stage with Somebody. It was nighttime, four feet tall. It was a two thousands party shout out to Memorial Day getaway that me and young Jock hosted. It was nighttime. And I even in the two Thousands they was not wearing leather on the beach. Oh right. And what you say The question is 805 85 1 0 5 1.


I guess people are saying that they feel like you should be wearing me and more professional. And we have CE on the lot. Ce. Good morning ce. Good morning. Good morning. I just wanna say this is my third time getting through to The Breakfast Club. I have great phone service. Oh Hey cc. So what's, what's your, what's your comment? What's your thought? Ce So what I was saying was if she was at the beach then people should mind their business. But Emini here, if she was just out to dinner with friends or something like that, then yeah I think she should cover up. 'cause like women clothing was generally like back in the day, modest. They cover their arms, legs, and you know, sometimes their hair, you know She covered her hair. She keep a protective style on that head now.


Yo. I know right? What about leather? What about leather on the beach? Stop it. I don dunno about leather on the beach. That's What I'm saying. I wasn't on the beach and leather. Even if she, So Cece, you feel like she should dress a a little more professional when she's out and about? Not if she's at the beach. That's why I'm saying she's at the beach. Come on now. You Get what Emini here. But but what about if it's summer, Just say out the dinner With friends. Yeah. What if it's summertime? It's a hundred degrees in New York. I can't wear shorts in the tank top. 'cause I like what would y'all Yeah, shorts in the tank top to cover your, the bottom of your butt cheek and the tank top. That at least covers the side of where your Side boob your Skin is going. But I just feel like it, I'm one of know people that maybe I know everybody.


This is new and people are just now getting to know me and stuff. But like Emini here, I've been looking how I look. I don't know maybe 'cause I don't sit up here with y'all old people. Hey, watching out. Just understand like we're young. Like this is, what am I supposed to do? I'm not out here like flashing y'all on my Instagram. Oh. 'cause listen even out then With my friends. Oh, I'm definitely showing this. What's up? First of all, what makes you think that it's all older people that are critiquing you? I think it's a, you know what, you know what a lot of it came from? What I started feeling was it was a lot of black women and then it was a age gap. It was, First of all, I don't like how you said black women just now, Well, I'm Emini here. What happens? What did you mean? You say age gap. How do you know their age? I'm serious. I don't like, because I was, I was seeing just some of the comments And I got dms from some women And I got to go look at their pages and not all, it was so many people.


And then like blogs picked up the pictures too. So the people were yell arguing on the blogs, they were arguing on Twitter. So I couldn't see everything. But the people who directly DM me and like, I think that they, they feel like it's with love, but it's like, what am I, what do you want me to do? But they were older black women who were just like, look, we love you, you, we really like protect what you have going on. We want you to just basically present a certain way so that people receive you a certain way. Yo, I ain't, I ain't gonna hold you. I don't know where you're like, not like where you're not dressed. Like they act like you be having your ass in your boobs out every day. Like I've never seen, I dress a little bit more skimpier than you And I dare somebody say something to me. But you, I've never even seen you wear nothing out like that.


And you Know, I think that was a bit of it too. Like it don't make sense to me because most of the time y'all see me, I'm here. I'm not dressed like that Here. That when she goes out, yes, I'm always dressed like that. I wear stuff hanging out. I must Always so shocked when they see me they be like, oh shoot. But Out been on The HB CU run with her. I been like she dresses like that all the time. But that's what she out in the streets not well, I'm sorry. Not out in the streets.


Hey, What up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus, with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features if


You own a


home. Here's an interesting fact for you Today. American homeowners are sitting on a record amount of home equity. That's the part of your home you own Outright. Rocket Mortgage can help you turn that home equity into cash and that can help you fund a home renovation, pay for your kids' college tuition or pay off consolidated high interest debt. To learn more, just call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com today. Rocket Mortgage, LLC licensed in 50 states. NMLS consumer access.org. Number 30 30,


Peace to the planet Charlemagne. Tha God here. Look, we all make mistakes, but owning up to them is the right thing to do. You know, degree cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with their fans degree's. Whole thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort. And good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up And I bringing the original Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti-man for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try to OG degree. Cool Rush for yourself.


Check out Pluto TV's, the Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series like Tyler Perry's Sisters in Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet of phone, all for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream Now pay Neville Girl The street. It's fine. Like you can land. What are they saying exactly? They don't I need, I need, I need to. If they're saying you look Ridiculous sometimes some they don't like the fact that I understand. They don't like Saying You Skippy, I don get, excuse me. Ridiculous Is crazy. Just say saying you dress too skinny because I don't See Yeah, iffy. The boobs are out. They were just shocked to see me in shorts so short. A lot of people didn't know I was as tall. I need to cover up. I think people see her boob. They see her As a professional journalist. She's classy. She's dressed up. I'm classy because my boobs Are out. But then when they see on the weekend is Luke music on?


But yo, This, this just had to be recent. It had to be recent because Diddy only been in court for two weeks. That's what I'm saying. So this is just, this is new. I I I just want the record to show the, what I told you. You looked ridiculous. I told you that you looked ridiculous the first day of the court case. No they didn't. You just wanna, yo you got one more? This is not for you. Okay. What? Hello? Hello. Hey, what's your name? What's going on? Shahe from Jersey City. Oh boy. What's up man? What's your thoughts brother? Alright, before I start, I wanna say good morning to y'all. Good Morning. Morning. Hi. Hi. So check it out, right? The thing is about image is when you project a certain image out into The World, if you project professionalism, that's what people is going see.


If you project ness, that's what people is gonna see you project. Both people are gonna be confused. So you always wanna project professionalism because that's what people want to see you as. As a professional. It's hard for people to then double down as, scratch it. When your professional attitude, your professional image and your professional character is shining more than anything else. That has to be your light, the professionalism, the darkness has to be your ratchetness, which should be shown behind camera. So do what you want to do, but don't post it. You should post the professionalism. That way people can only see you as the professional. Don't let you see the darkness because people judge you for the, So you should damn your life because people judge you is what he's saying.


I just wanna know what's a professional beach attire. Because I was also That was not leather. That was the shut up. Shut up. That was a job. He still on here. Oh, okay. Because I wanna know in Newark, he from Newark, Jersey City. Jersey City, Jersey. Wherever you, what is professional beach attire. 'cause I was also booked to be there. So I'm at work. So I have to post, I have to look apart. I have to be out these events. What do y'all want me in? Y'all want me to looking like, Hey Arthur on the beach, yo. And you can promote all of that. You can. 'cause you still have a personality. It's happening. Brown girl grind been a thing since before Diddy decided he wanted to go to court. Like that. That is, you've been you and it's okay for you to be a journalist with personality. Think that you're not just a robot, you're not just your job. You're a bunch of different things. I don't even like what he talking about you from Jersey City Boy. And do you know if you wear leather on the beach, people to think you alligator's dangerous up, man, let's go.


Let's get some more calls when we come back. You Stuck on this one outfit to, I wasn't on the beach. Be too Harsh if you're just joining us, Laura. I was going to a party. Laura LaRosa's got a lot of heat this this weekend because people are saying that she's professional. She's doing the, the Diddy court she's at every day. But on the weekend, boy she was turning up and people upset about that. This Is crazy. This is just like, yo, she's in the dr. She's nighttime. You see that? That's not the beach. If you're just joining us, Lauren la is catching some heat. You know, she, she does the Diddy trial each and every day. She's actually about to leave in the second to head over to the, the Diddy trial. But on the weekend she was out and about in the dr. She had a bikini on.


She was showing a lot of stuff Hosting beach parties. She was also hosting. Correct. You know what I'm saying? If it's 107 degrees, what you expect from me To do. Now people are upset a little bit in saying that that's not professional. They want her to be more professional. They want her to, to act like a, a journalist and act like she works for one of these huge companies. Damn. Monday through Friday. Okay. I, And I told Lauren this already, I did have somebody reach out to me and said, they, they actually said to me that Lauren should decide whether she wants to be an influencer or a journalist. I think those days are dead. Yeah, I do too. I think the I want, I want should be all of us. I want you guys to understand that. And just in the first week of me covering the Diddy trial, the way that I've been doing it, which honestly is just me turning on my camera and telling people how I feel.


I've had the Wall Street Journal reach out to me. I've had NBC news four in New York reach out to me several times and we're working on something right now. I've had B, B, C, I've had the biggest B, C because shut up. Oh, You cannot say you had BC. That's what they doing. That's what they doing. B, CI said Whoa. Hell no, no, no. Not like the the news outlet. Not the like thing. They like Punisher, come here, lemme BC. But a lot of those platforms say to me, they like what I do because they can't do it are because they're focused on work. And I've never been that girl. That's why I've always said, I don't know after I left my last job where I would work because this is how I am and it's not changing. But look, I believe that if they want professionalism, they go to Brown Girl Grinding.


That is your brand. You do nothing but what aligns with your brand there. And then they want a little bit more personality. They go to lo Lauren la. That's it. All right, we got Hello? Who's this? Hi Tey Tay, what's your thoughts? Tey? So I'm kind of in the middle because I'm a stay at home mom, but I volunteer at my kids' school and I'm on a parent board And I sit on different, you know, I have different titles at the school. So the administrators and the staff and everything, they look at me a certain type of way. They uphold me to a certain standard. So I remember one day recently, I came up to my daughter's school to pick her up and it was kind of warm. So I had on a spaghetti strap like shirt and you could see all of my tattoos.


I have tattoos on my arms, on my chest. And they weren't mad, but they were looking at me like, oh wow, Mrs. Hooks, like, we didn't know you were like that. They're looking at me like a goody two shoes. So I'm going to say that yes, what you wear outside of work does have an effect on your image. But that's not our fault. That's society's fault. It's how they view you and it is not how you should view yourself. So yes, like I said, I'm in the middle. Yes, I agree that what it affects your image. But it shouldn't, society shouldn't just put you in a box like, oh, I'm a journalist, I have to dress like a journalist 24 7. No, I have a life outside of this job that I do. Right. Period. Thank you mama. What I realize is like people are not used to, like, normally you see a journalist, there's no shade to the other journalists.


Girl, y'all know I love y'all, but normally you see journalists and like they're not coming how I'm coming when I dress a different way. You trying to say ugly? No, I'm just saying that like I, they don't look as good as you. No, what I'm saying is that where I don't Have a body like you. What? Trying to Say can you be quiet, fair? I get into fairy siding. Y'all got Mad. Yes. Y'all got mad at me. Like I'm about to put wrap my hair up because you're getting on my nerves. What? I'm you? Yeah. What I'm saying is that my background is a lot different than these other girls. I come from runway. I've always been modeling what what Runway, what runway? Girl runway.


You would never know. America's Next Top Model Girl. I runway, I actually, I actually auditioned three times for that. You happen, they sent you home. What you mean seriously? What runway? I'm not even joking. I just, I just want Fashion week for Meth Feeder Magazine. I've done, I I do that. Oh, meth feeder. Yeah. It's a huge sound Old. I Don Dunno. Talk To us. Meth feeder is a, is a, is a new media brand for like the new girl. So like all the new female rappers go through there. Their fashion show is a big deal. Yes. And I, I opened runway like I do. This is what I'm saying, told us that she was doing New York fashion. You Didn't believe Her. He don't. What I'm saying is Why would I But listen to me, listen to me know what this is about.


I'm be honest You, it's not about leather shorts. That was ridiculous. You know what? I think it's about people can't, what I was trying to get to is people can't understand duality. I can be good at my job. Yes, I can read, I might set a little bit, I can read, but I can also present well and everywhere I go I'm dressed nice. So if that's your issue, y'all really need to unfollow me because I'm cute And I know it's, I it's nothing I can do. Like what do you want me to do? Be you And me a fan. I don dunno. Don't be be me a fan. I don dunno. You want me should show Looking like a thumb. I agree with you a thousand percent Lauren. You should be able to do what you want to do. How you want to do it. Yes. You present yourself in court a different way. You're on a beach. I don't know, I don't know what you want her to wear on a beach, But even if I'm out in New York in the summertime, y'all like, I, if you wanna go out, you wanna have a good time. That's what you want to do.


You don't have to dress up to prove or to satisfy anybody out there. They can all SMD you make yourself happy and whatever makes you happy f everybody Else. I will say to me, professionalism isn't about attire. Correct. It is based on your work. Because I see people who will praise Mark Cuban for coming to a meeting in a t-shirt, but they want somebody else to be in a suit. Right. But the reason they don't mind Mark Cuban being in a t-shirt. 'cause Mark Cuban has already shown up and Mark Cuban has delivered results time after time. Mm. So I just think that's what it's about. Yeah. You gotta to be, to be, to really be looked at as a professional. You have to show up and consistently and constantly do the work. But you know what, I think, I think the days of certain professionalism being in attire are just gone. Like when I, even the way I talk that, you know, that gets critiqued all the time.


The way I talk. Like all of that stuff. I think that what the reason why y'all even care y'all arguing about my leather and my whatever is because I'm cutting through And I'm cutting through because I'm not dumbing myself down. I'm being myself and the you seeing the results and that's all it is. And people don't understand that. And that's okay if you don't Understand that. You gotta hit the creep video. You gotta hit the creep dance before you go listen. You wearing pajama, got the pajamas On. Shout out to the plastic NYC Giving sleeping beauty. Yeah. You wearing pajamas to go Today? Yeah. And I had to let my hair breathe. I was just like, let me get a girls a little bit of like, yeah. Yes. Stop. What? Listen. And for people who Don't you wanna say something so bad? What you mean to say it? What you say? That's what I was trying. Yeah. He was trying to find something. But go ahead. But you know what You do take it serious.


Yo, you really do take this stuff serious. And that's what I want people to See. Yo he did. She did. She takes it very serious. I was gonna say the runway that you walking right there with that, with that window peaking. Oh my goodness. Alright. We got the ladies who, I can't walk that runway. What we talking About? You can't. We could never. You could never. Little fat feet. You could never Ma'am. Ladies, that's where you Slides all the time. We talking about ladies, We going back to Diddy? Yes. Well really it's Dawn Rashard and, and Q from day 26, there's a conversation about why he was crying and upset. He alleges he was drugged And I Don't, some other Things. We'll get to that next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club.


Let's get to the latest with Lori Lauren becoming a straight, She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. Well, she gets The Details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on me. Lord, the latest when Lauren la sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, what's the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk to me. So Q of day 26, you know they were on making the band four. He has finally come out and had a conversation about why he was so upset and crying and a lot of his interviews talking about Diddy and that whole conversation. Yeah. And he is making some really huge allegations against Dawn Rashard.


Let's take a listen. My ex at the time, which was Dawn, she gave me a ecstasy pill. Yeah. She said it was ecstasy. And she said it was from puff to give to me and it was red. And I took it because I thought I was gonna get freaky with my girlfriend. And I trusted her that that's what it was. So I took it immediately. And she had one too. He gave her two of them. I took mine within like 20 minutes, I knocked out and blacked out. I woke up in the twin's bed bedroom in the basement And I woke up outta my sleep screaming very, very loud. Who are the twins? Diddy's twins. His girls. His girls. Yeah. I woke up in their bed, two Canberra is filming me. And they were laughing as I woke up outta my sleep screaming.


And I'm not gonna cry. It's okay. It's okay. Take your time. It felt very sacrificial. That's what I meant when I said I felt like they were trying to hurt me or, or Diddy was trying to maybe sacrifice P that night. Now when QQ was up here, y'all remember that we almost kind of got to the Diddy conversation. 'cause we were asking did they experience anything and he was like, right. Was very triggering Him. Yeah, very triggering. He didn't wanna talk about it. Then they went on, I believe it was black tv, black TV, and he broke down. But now we finally have some more details. And that comes from the Amy and TJ podcast, Amy Robach and TJ Holmes. They have this series that they're doing with AO Day called Covering the Diddy trial. Yep. So he was a guest. Now those allegations are big of, it's kind of crazy to hear it.


Dawn actually had to come out and respond because people were like, hold on with everything else that's going on. They, I don't think people even, she was just On the stand. Yes. You know, Emini here. So Dawn came out and said that, you know, she wants to be clear. She has never drugged anyone or given anybody any pills. The suggestion that she did so is categorically false. If such a belief were genuine, it would be inconsistent with the actions that follow, such as inviting me into your home, introducing me to your younger sisters and family, and continue a relationship with me. It would also be inconsistent choosing to attend social events without me engaging with individuals I had previously expressed concerns about and continuing to live with or provide favors to those same individuals. Many of these actions occurred while I was not present or even in contact with you.


Throughout our time together, even after our separation, I made a conscious decision to not share or disclose private matters or the circumstances surrounding the end of our relationship to protect you. When she put you in caps. I did this outta respect for you and your family. I, Because she's doing the same thing, the cute that people are doing to Cassie. Like, why would you stay with a person after they do something? Right. You know, heinous to you. And I, I don't know what's true and what's not. I'm just saying it's interesting that that's the Yeah. The route she took. Yeah. Emini here. But when she, when, so Dawn Richard also took the Stand in Diddy's trial and when she testified she spoke in support of Cassie for the most part. So I just wanna make sure that that's clear. But yes, people are doing that to Cassie and She did that to Q just Now. Yes. Yes. And that's exactly, if I did that To you, then why would you meet me?


Why would blah, blah, blah. Like, like that's not right. Yeah. I just think it's crazy that she had took the stand and nobody brought up the fact that she had just worked with Diddy. She's on the last album, The Love album. The Love Album. I Thought they did bring that up. They did bring no, they didn't get to, they brought up her being in contact with him after leaving the whole Diddy situation 2011. But they didn't specifically bring up the love album. And I did ask why did they not? And I was told they don't know. But yeah. So that happened. So maybe that's a, a bit of more of an explanation for people. Mm Mm Crazy Picking up spirits. Pick That barbecue. Yeah, Yeah, for sure. Yeah. Picking up the Spirits. Picking up The spirits. Picking up the spirits. Travis Hunter married his fiance.


Leanna. Lena. They got married on Saturday. And did y'all see the video of him dancing at the reception? I did. I did. And he seemed so happy. I feel so bad for him. No, he seems happy. I love it. Oh my God. He seems like he Enjoying life. Such a good kid. There was also a video that went viral from him this weekend of, he was like walking by a backyard and a kid was like doing football training or like runs and he stops him and kind of like, and the kid is like, oh my God. But gifts. He gives his new wife a gwa and they're just having a good time. The wedding was beautiful, but people are having a conversation about whether or not he got a prenup. There have been reports that he has no prenup why people So invested and his gay relationship. Yeah. I, I don't know. Emini here. I think it's just because of all of the stuff that went viral leading up to the wedding.


But I'm like, man, is this boy can't catch a break because that has become the conversation around whether he should have a prenup or not with this woman because her reports that he does not have one. But, but look, if He don't want one, he don't want one work, don't let it. I know he young and all that, whatever. If he don't want one and his mother not the person to talk to him about that. Or you know, his wife's mother ain't it is all right. It's, sorry. I'm pretty sure he got lawyers and all that. He's a professional athlete, right? Yeah. Yeah. He, If it, if he ain't take care of it, it may not be his decision. It's okay. Emini here. It may have been his decision to not have one. Like people too worried About it. Yeah. People are so invested in their relationship. And it's weird because it's like, if they work out, they work out.


It's, it's, it's for them. Right. If it doesn't work out, it doesn't work out. And guess what only people gotta deal with. That is them. It's them. So why we, why the fuck people cancel much stupid Man. Yeah. Well, Emini here. I I just thought it was unfortunate. I'm like, dang, he's so happy and celebrating and boom, here come the conversations. But same Like you, you'd be happy celebrating yourself and then boom, why she Wearing it? But you know what? I'm not mad at it. I be like, boom, let's post some merch to sell. So yeah, Emini here. What? Travis Ain't mad at it ever. He was just as happy. He was happy. Oh my God. He was so happy doing that. He, he backed it up and brought it forward and hitting the Lord dance. He was cool. You don't, what do you want? You don't gotta go to them. My hand up. Somebody raised their hand. You don't gotta go to them. No Thank you. No kidding. Sometimes asking Lauren why she wearing that is a valid question.


Why do we act like it's not why we Let you rock Every day you come in here a different color and we let you ride. Right? We don't ask you why you go from light, the dark, the dark to light the mocha in the middle. We let you be great. Be be Be Wherever you Wanna be. Be wrong halfway Fighting for your hairline. Some Days we let you be wherever. Don't fighting. You could never be. Yo hey, hey, don't talk about headline on a day like today, Lauren. Oh boy. Listen, we let you be wherever you wanna be, baby listen, I promise you listen. I'm just simply saying, what is Lauren wearing is a valid question. Sometimes It is. And Tell the, and you pull up with leather on the beach. What is she wearing as a valid question.


I wasn't on a beach, but you know what, I don't mind mind you asking that question. Hosting. Thank you. Because now it has become a question that a lot of the media outlets are following as well too. And you know, I always wear black designers, so it's giving platforms. So that's how I'm gonna spin that. There you go. But back to what we was doing over here. But you had that Chick-fil-A cow outfit the other day And I told wearing it. That was sample. I was trying to, she had a Chick-fil-A, listen, I'm not even lying, y'all, she had an outfit on her desk and it was like Emini skirt, but it was made outta cow skin and it was called Mulberry. And I'm like, Lauren Uhuh, don't you put that She's like's a black designer. I don't care. Gun like's crazy. Oh man. With suspended sometimes with, there was a miniskirt with gun holness and suspended and it called Mulberry and it was cow skin.


She had it laid out like the first day of school. She did when she, and she was gonna kill him in d Are You gonna, are you gonna wear it? 'cause when you Eat it, no, it was exactly, it was a sample because like I told you, I model. So they sent it to me to try on so they can get the measurements right. But Emini here, Emini here. I'm gonna wear it because I think I should photo shoot in it because you so obsessed. And when you You said shoot down, I don't wanna hear nothing, but apologies. Yes. When she wears that and post that on Instagram, does everybody go to her page and just put number cow emojis. Dam, listen to you too. Like please, hey, we gotta go. She gotta get the course. I gotta Go. All right. That's the latest with Lauren. Let's get to the mix of people's choice. Mixes The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody's Djj Envy, Jess.


Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club again, I just wanna say salute to everybody that I ran into in St. Martin had an amazing time. Salute to Soul Beach. I I do it each and every year and we just have a great time, man. Some of the biggest artists, biggest comedians and biggest DJs on, on One Island. It's just always a great time. And then salute Tomasa Energy. Indiana was dope as well. Tonight the Knicks will win. That's what's up now. You was in Connecticut and Boston. Yes. Connecticut and Boston. And Yo, listen, Boston give it I love Connecticut. Yes. Connecticut. Yes. I love my Connecticut cousins and all that. Boston was crazy. Yes. Like, yo, the energy I got when yo, you not somebody, when you used to getting standing ovations when you walk off the stage. They stood up for me when I went out there before I even said anything.


Like at Wilbur Theater, man, shout out to the staff at Wilbur Theater. They took great care of me, my fans, man. I ate good in Boston, yo. And then after that they had like a after party at the WI stayed at the w yo they turned the, the lobby into like a little lounge and they had the LED lights and the p It was so mixed in there. Dope. You know, it was, it was very, very dope. So man, shout out to Boston And I can't wait to to come back there man. I love Boston. Yeah. All right. And also salute to Monique Rodriguez for joining us. She was the founder and CEO of Maya. Mayel. Mayel. I trying To speak in Spanish. Yo. He was like Ele Yo. It's crazy. He saw Rodriguez and went crazy. Exactly. Mayel. Yeah. And she got a new book. The Glory in Your Story. Yes.


Activating a Feel is faith to change your life, your career in The World. So if you are interested in Monique's story, man, go go. Make sure you go get her book. Absolutely. And speaking of books, I wanna salute to Don Staley. Man, thank you to everybody who came out to Philadelphia this weekend to check Don Staley out. Don Staley had a, a book signing in Philly. You know, that's her. I don her hometown know it was crazy. Oh my God. I 20, 2500 people or something crazy like that. So s Luther, everybody who came out to see Don Staley in Philly, she'll be in Columbia this Thursday. South Carolina. Yes. Don will be in Columbia this Thursday, May 29th, 6:00 PM at the R two i two conference center. I don't even know why I told y'all that. 'cause it's sold out already.


Damn. But yes. Okay. It's, it's already sold out. I just saw that, that it's sold out. But yes, make sure you go get a copy of Don Staley's new book. Uncommon Favor available everywhere you buy books. Now It's time to get up outta here. Charla man, you got a positive note. I do. The positive note is simple man. Please remember that you can receive all the compliments in The World, all the likes in The World, all of that. But that won't do a thing unless you believe in yourself. Have a great day. Breakfast Club Bitches. Do y'all finish or y'all


done? Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relax and massage and seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bolds premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof,


ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional Features.


Okay, have you heard about this? Last year, the green changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old scent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back. Now. It's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. It's the reason it's the number one men's antiperspirant and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to Try the OG degree. Cool Rush for yourself.


Check out Pluto TV's The Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent, both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series. Like Tyler Perry's Sisters in Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet, or phone. All for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream. Now Pay Neville. This is an iHeartPodcasts.