
Say yes to summer and get cash back on many of your favorite brands with PayPal. Say yes to those pink flamingo floaties you've been eyeing online. Get them and make a splash with that cash back. Say yes to the third barbecue in a row this week. Grill up those burgers and earn that extra cheese. Say yes to that last minute road trip. You deserve it. Pay at the pump and fuel up your wallet with PayPal. Say yes to summertime fun and all the cash back that PayPal has to offer. Download the PayPal app. Redeem points for cash and other options. Terms apply.


Okay, you say, I want some breakfast. Your so-called Boyfriend says we got eggs in the fridge. Obviously. When you say breakfast, you mean McDonald's. Definitely a side eye situation. Bring home the bacon steak patty or others with a BOGO for $1 breakfast only in the app. Limited time only at participating. McDonald's valid once a day must opt into rewards. Visit D app for details


During the summer when the weather gets hot. I can only imagine how much time you plan to spend outside with friends or along on your couch with that AC blasting at and T 5G and Home Internet keeps you connected so you can enjoy all the summertime vibes. Whether you're sharing pics from a rooftop video, calling your friends from an outdoor concert, or streaming your favorite show episode after episode. So stay connected to your favorite people and your favorite things with at T 5G and Home Internet At&t 5G requires compatible planning device cover. Not available everywhere. Learn more@att.com slash 5G for You@public.com.


You can invest in stocks, options, bonds, crypto, and more. Plus, you can earn an industry leading 5.1% a PY on your cash while you're at it. So why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all? Invest with public a US-based company with award-winning customer support. Meet your new primary portfolio@public.com. All your investing in one place, 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C. Not a bank, not investment Advice.


Friday the Paris Olympics begin with the most stunning opening ceremony yet as the sun sets over the city of light, a parade of boats will carry the Olympic athletes through one of the world's most beautiful cities and onto an epic celebration at the Eiffel Tower. Join Mike Tarico, Peyton, Manny Kelly Clarkson, and Snoop Dogg for the opening ceremony of the Paris Olympics. Friday 7 36 30 Central on NBC in Peacock.


You guys, this is history. What you've done. What shown you guys have built a platform that influenced s Most. Dangerous. Morning Show Breakfast Club. DJ N Record. I made it. Jess. Hilarious. Jesse. She'll spare nobody charlamagne to God. What made you think the Viking of Controversial questions Taking part? I like this show. Thanks. Breakfast Club. Good morning. USA Yo yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo. Just hilarious. Good morning Charlemagne guy. Peace to the planet. Guess what day it is? Guess what day it is? Hump Day.


Ha. Good morning. How y'all feel out there, man? How you feeling, Jess? I'm feeling good. I'm setting up my Tubi lighting. Your Tubi lighting. Okay. Yeah. You look ready for your closeup. Yeah. Y'all gotta go watch that movie on Tubi. It's not a movie, it's a TV show. I gotta a story to tell with Jess. I don't want to give it away, but I'll just tell you that. Just kill somebody. Yeah. I'm like really? Really? I play a role that the girl is really, really insecure matter. I'm about to post that picture this morning. Oh boy. ai. That's the energy I'm on this morning. Oh, I A clown. What? How you feeling? You good though? I'm good. No contractions? Hell yeah. What crazy.


Listen. So I was laying on, now I have to like lay on my back, right? And, I like sleep on my back and it's like the worst. So, 'cause the baby's like she has to be long. She's on both sides. So what I do is I end up choking and not being able to breathe and have to like damn Jump Up. Yeah, y'all. And it's the, it is the craziest thing. I have to like burp for air. Like it is like, it's the heartburn. It's crazy. Well, that, that pillow will be there today. The pillow that what I got in the home. I'm saying probably it'll be there today. It is delivery today is the day it got the hole in it. You can lay on your stomach and put your stomach through the hole. You'll have it for three whole days. It will be there today For the next two days and be in My head.


That'll be some great sleep. So what, so what did doctor say about the contractions? 'cause I You know. I don't remember ge having contractions so early. It seems like I know when you have contractions. You ready? Rock and roll? Yes. Braxton Hicks started when I was like six at the end of my sixth month. And then now they're getting more frequent and more intense with Braxton Hicks. Intense. That's like pre contractions, like labor Contractions are different. I was like, that's not the name of the baby. No. I was like, what? No, they're the contractions that you get like before You know like early and then, and now they're, they're hurting and they're, they're closer together. They're getting longer. So I have an appointment tomorrow at nine And I. They're gonna check my cervix and all of that type stuff.


So you might, so when you go tomorrow they might be like, it's time to go. They might maybe. So you better have your, you have your bag ready and everything Ready? Yeah. All that. So you, so you ready for this baby to get outta here? Yes. I just need her to be ready to be like, okay, let's do it. So You gonna get one good night of sleep with the pillow? Okay. You'll Be there today. Thanks so much. You should return it and get the store credit. I swear. So else. Alright, well let's get the show cracking. Tink will be joining us this morning. All this Tink. She has a new project, winters Diary five Oh man, if You know anything about that win's Diary series You know it's a classic series. This is actually the first album outta the Win's diary series. It's always been Mix Tapes. It's been original music, but it's always been Mix Tapes. This is going to, this is her first album entry with Winner's Diary five.


That's right. Yeah. She's on tour with Jana Aiko as well. Her and Coi Loraine. The only reason I know that is, oh wow. My barber's daughter and my daughter are You know Jana Aiko fans. So yeah, when they went to go see her, they said that she opened up and killed it. So yeah, Naya went to go see her in concert too. I'm Jana Eko. She saw a tank. She was excited today she was on the show. So yeah. Alright, well let's get the show cracking Morgan. Well, when we come back we got a lot to discuss. Of course. A lot of politics happening. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv. Just hilarious. Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get in some front page news. Good morning Morgan. Good morning y'all. How y'all feeling? A lot happening. Peace Morgan. What's up girl? Yeah.


Okay. So President Biden is back at the White House after being in isolation from a bout with COVI. Now he is expected to address the nation in a prime time today from the Oval Office. And of course Black Information Network. We'll have that address live on air. So be sure to check it out@bnews.com. This will be his first on camera appearance since he dropped out of the 2024 presidential race on Sunday. Biden told his campaign workers over the phone on Monday that dropping out was the right thing to do. Meanwhile, vice President Kamala Harris, she has kicked off her presidential campaign with her first rally in the battleground state of Wisconsin. While speaking from Milwaukee Harris came for former President Donald Trump.


Let's hear more from VP Harris at her rally in Milwaukee, California. I took on one of our country's largest for profit colleges. That was scamming students. Donald Trump ran a for-profit college that scammed students. Donald California, I took on the Big Wall Street banks and held them accountable for fraud. Donald Trump was just found guilty of fraud on 34 counts. You know, I I want to see the Vice President doing more free flowing conversation like go pop out on a couple of podcasts. You know, go do a couple of radio shows because she's good with that kind of conversation.


I've seen her give two speeches this week and this the same bars You know and and which, which, which we know is good. 'cause You know to be repetitive in, in a situation like this, there's certain things you wanna stick in people's minds, right? But the weight ain't gonna be scrutinize her. Scrutinizing her, the microscope they gonna have on her You know. I wanna see her having more free flowing conversation. 'cause you already saw that. You saw that meme that got going around with what's the line she repeats over and over? I can't remember the line right now, but it did. Oh, thing about the burden. Yeah. Yes. Yeah, I was gonna make that the positive note today. Yeah. They got a three minute clip of her doing that already. So it's just like you don't wanna see them do more of that. Oh yeah. What can be unburdened by what has been has Been. Yes.


I, mine is, I'm speaking. So Harris quickly consolidated democratic support to become the party's presumptive nominee this week. Securing the delegate support and endorsement of top Democrats in Congress, Hakeem Jeffries, and of course Chuck Schumer. And most artists and politicians, a cease and desist were using their music. But Beyonce gave, actually gave her the rights to her song Freedom to use on the Campaign trail. Now her campaign is currently vetting potential running mates for vp, most of which are from states Democrats need to win or to defeat Trump, like those battleground states. So the campaign is requesting vetting materials from several potential running mates to include Pennsylvania Governor Josh Shapiro.


Let's go. Governor Shapiro. That's my vote. Carolina Governor. Let go. Roy Cooper, Michigan Governor Gretchen Whitmer and Arizona Senator Mark Kelly sources also say Kentucky Governor Andy Beshear and New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy are also being considered. Yeah. Yeah. My vote for Governor Shapiro. I like Shapiro. So I like, I like Shapiro. And you said, can you tell me why? Because You know I've had quite a few conversations with him. You know he's been up here on The, Breakfast Club. There's a great breakfast club conversation that you can go look at and You know If. you go look at what he's done in Pennsylvania. I love what he's done with probation, probation reform. I think that that was huge. I love what he's done with it. What they call it, the, the Second Chance Act. I think it's called it a clean the Clean Slate Act.


But it's basically for You know people who have felonies who've come outta prison and who are getting offender back. Offenders. Offenders and who've come back into society and are trying to do You know better. So I I I like what the stuff that he's done around, around that. It seems like he's not afraid to touch the people even when it's not campaign season. Like he's out there, he's going from place to place. So I, I really like the fact that he feels like you can talk to him. He feels like a na a normal person and not like a car sales person to me. Nice, nice, nice. That's definitely the type of politician we want. Former President Donald Trump says he will debate VP Harris as she is the presumptive No, he won't, Won't He told reporter, he said he would, but let me get into it. He told reporters he'd be willing to debate Harris multiple times if she's nominated as expected during the Democratic National Convention that goes down next month in August on the 19th.


Trump however, suggested he would not participate in a debate hosted by a BC News, which was already previously scheduled when President Biden was expected to be in the race. Now Trump is looking to debate on Fox, but there's no confirmation on that date. So like you said, he he he gonna do it or he not gonna do it. And if they do, I want 'em to do it with the same rules that they did the first debate. No audience You know what I mean? Just, just, just them two. So just so it's no performing to any crowd. It's just all about the substance of the conversation. And you said Biden is, is addressing the nation tonight, right? Yes. Yes he is. Yes he is. I'm glad he's doing that because there was a, yes, he's, there was a rumor going around yesterday that he had died and they was trying to cover it up. Yeah. Was In hospice or You know. I heard, I'd also heard that he was in hospice, but it's like he was just on the phone guys.


So on Monday. Yeah. But it's crazy, right? 'cause you got Congresswoman Lauren Bober, she sent out a tweet saying she demands proof of life. I had some homies texting me yesterday saying they think he had died. I don't understand our need to believe everything but the truth nowadays, We love the drama. I don't get it. It just, things seem odd. Like the fact that You know, he announced that he wasn't gonna do it through a tweet and didn't say it personally. And then we didn't see him for a couple of days. So people You know people wanna see it. Yeah, because in isolation that's what you supposed to do. He in Covid, he had Covid For eight days, for seven days. Mean he announced Sunday. Right. But they, they announced that he was gonna isolation like Friday or Saturday. Yeah. Now he announced Covid Tuesday or Wednesday. That's what he asked. Was that early? Yes, it was like Wednesday. And I don't Remember that. But then he is 89 or 98 And everything, everything is through social media nowadays.


Not 98. And and guess what? In the tweets. If. you read the tweets. He also said I'll be addressing the nation in a few days. Yeah. So he said that People just wanna see but To say he died. Come on bro. People just wanted to see Days, right? Yeah, I'm doing too much. Definitely doing too much. So yeah, just make, just make sure y'all check out the address tonight from the Oval and again the Black Information Network will air that address. So you could check it out@binews.com or You know. Make sure you download that iHeartRadio app and check out Black Information Network A. Alright, well thank you Morgan. Thank you. I was gonna say I got more coming up in the next hour we're gonna talk about the Secret service some more. Alright, well everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent Phone lines or wide open is The.


Breakfast. Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast. Club. Ray. Ray. Ray. Yo, char, man. Envy. What up are we live? This Is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. We can Get on the phone right now here, tell you what it is. We live. Hello. Who's this? This is Mickey calling from Florida. Peace. Mickey. Good morning everybody. Oh my gosh, I'm so excited 'cause I finally gotta to talk to Jess. Jess, I have Hey girl, fan of yours for a long time. Thank you. I'm so happy that you're there. I'm so happy that you're there.


Congratulations. And that you Thank you honey. Congratulations on her baby. Oh my gosh. I was press, I was like, damn, I wish you would do another dual season. But that's not why I called. That's not why. Okay. But Charlamagne, I agree with you and Morgan About what Joe Biden had covid. He wasn't gonna come out and talk to y'all. He let y'all know, Hey look, I'm giving y'all what y'all want. I'm gonna talk to y'all in a couple of days. Gimme a minute. Oh yeah, absolutely. He Just said the same thing. He, oh, 89 98. 89 98. Right? The snapback is not that quick. Envy. You can't press that man like that. Yeah. He 81 by the way.


He not 89, he 81. Oh, Okay. Nicki, he's still walking up the stairs to his plane right now. I just wanted to make sure the brother was all right then he was there. That's he right? Listen, you was pressing that man. That man is like, damn, I got pop out and show myself. Hey, You gotta pop out and show. Absolutely. Right? But anyways guys, I just wanted to call. I was just so excited. I tried to call yesterday. They had me on hold for like 20 minutes. I had to go, Lord have mercy. Well, we already had you on hold that long. That theme music. Listen, that theme music y'all was running through what? The TV show, theme song. I was like, okay, yeah, no, I gotta go. This is driving me crazy. It cra I, I think You know what it is. People just don't like being on hold. 'cause back in the day they would complain about the call waiting music, right?


But we tried to spruce it Up. But it was theme song, epic theme song. I'm singing the song The Friends, oh, Cony theme song. It's been 20 minutes of this. I gotta guy, I gotta go. I Got Guy. Have a great day. But You guys Have a great day. I just wanted thank you song y again. Us. Oh my God, I love you, girl. I'm so glad you're there. I love you too. Y'all have a good day. Thank you. Thank You, baby. Bye. Hello, who's this? This is Sydney from Pittsburgh. Morning. Good morning. Just good morning, man. Good morning. What's up? Peace King. Hey, I trump, I, I hate to say it. He going win. And when, when he does, man, they don't realize how bad it's be reflected with him.


I can't, I can't really understand you brother. He said they gonna see how bad it is for black people When fuck giving police immunity. Oh yeah. We, we are in trouble. We are in serious trouble. See what happened to that lady the other day. Absolutely. A hundred percent. But You know. That's why I'm glad the Democrats made a change in their ticket because I feel like it's, it's, it's giving people a it's giving voters a sense of urgency. They're, they're understanding the seriousness of the situation. I think they, I think people are starting to pay a lot more attention now. You know a lot of these white people, they get extra tough. They got extra tough last time he was in there You. know what I mean? I'm, I'm from Pittsburgh and like we won't be playing that with the, the white people like you.


Like who you like. But all that gets tough. They get extra. They get real extra. Yeah, but don't you, I don't want that either. Don't we want to, don't we want leaders in place that don't make us feel like that. Like I don't want it to be a black thing, a white thing, a democrat, a republic thing, A man versus woman thing. A us versus they thing. Like You know. Don't, don't you want us just to be America? Yeah, exactly. But it don't, but You know, just like I know it's not gonna work like that. If he win. Well, it ain't gonna work like that. If. you don't win either. Now, I don't want y'all to think that. I don't want y'all to think that You know if, if if he don't win in November and somebody else gets in. If, if, if Kamala Harris gets in, if she's the nominee that all of this is just gonna magically go away. It's not like, Oh, I, I know that.


Oh, okay. Definitely. Most definitely. Okay. And Envy. Yes sir. And I. Get some figures for my grandkids, man. For your joint. Which show? The Shreveport New York, August, New York. The New York one. Okay. All right. How many grandkids you got brother? 10. Damn. Yeah. My kids is nasty. Jesus. Shout out to all my kids. I was nasty. We'll hook you up with a couple of tickets, brother, My man. I appreciate it. Be And where, where you calling from? Pittsburgh. Pittsburgh. Pittsburgh. Pittsburgh. Two Pittsburgh. Alright, so you gonna drive from Pittsburgh? All right, I got you. Stay on hold. Okay my man. All right. And don't forget, my car show is August 17th. The Drive Your Dreams Car show is going down in New Jersey. So If, you wanna make your way on up. It's gonna be a big family fun day.


Of course we got every type of car you could possibly imagine from celebrity cars from Cardi B, offset 50 cent, just to name a few. And we got rides and face painting for the kids. We got gaming trucks. So many different things. And if your kids are under five, they getting free. We're gonna do free haircuts for the kids. So it's a family fun day. So get your tickets If. you haven't got 'em yet. All right. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with me is blessed. Blessed. Call up now.


(800) 585-1051. Not Just me, I'm with the coach of Phil. Hello. Who's this? Hey man, this is G Brown. How y'all doing this morning? What's Up D Brown? Hey man. Hey, I wanna get off my test. Good morning to y'all. Breakfast Club. I'm going to get off my chest. The shooting that happened in Illinois with Sonya Massey. Man, one of the issues that I'm having with that, what I'm looking at so far is that already I'm looking at the Democrat party and using this thing and You know to make Little Race thing as a You know to get black vote thing that they did with the Jewish Floyd situation. But then the whole thing got turned around and threw something totally bigger than that. They didn't stick with that issue.


So I would like for You know for them not to use this situation as they did with the Jewish Floyd. Then they get all mixed up because already they paid the narrative. Like she had this mental health issue like that gave the cop a right so far because I was watching Tatum, officer Tatum's podcast and he was saying that it was justified because You know she had mental issues and and looked like that. She almost, I mean that she learned the pot. It Wasn't justified towards The policeman. They made it look Good. They didn't say that shooting. Yeah, I don't think it is either. He was released already. That was nowhere near justified. The cops should only be. Yeah, I agree with when their life is in danger and, and those officers life wasn't in danger. I Know they're not supposed to do a headshot regardless.


You know because I have a uncle that was a policeman, And I know that's one of the things in their training that they're not supposed to do a head shot regardless if they thought they was in danger or not. They're supposed to do a body shot. You know what I was thinking too. I was thinking wasn't that premeditated murder? And the reason I say it's premeditated murder 'cause he told her I'll shoot you in the face. He told her I was shoot you. Absolutely. That's what that means. He thought about it. Yeah, I was, I was thinking about Exactly. Isn't that premeditated murder? What's the guy's name? Grayson? Sean Grayson, I think her Name. Deputy Gray. Yeah. Yeah. And I. Don't know why he said it can't be a race thing. It just seems like a racist thing when there's a white officer shooting a, a black woman and he feels and, and if just watching the video seems like he had no respect for her life from the door. Just yeah, I'll shoot you in your face. I've never heard a officer say, I'll shoot you in the face. And then when the guy, when, when his partner went to go get help, oh, headshot, like she's not living anymore.


And then after when he said what the f was crazy or whatever, he said like he didn't have no exactly. There was no respect for that woman's wife. No wife nothing. He had no respect for that woman's life. He do have, he he do have a capital riot White look though there there's a capital riot White look to Him and condolences to that lady's family. Her friends is it was, it is just a, it is just a horrible thing man. Yeah it is. It definitely is man. But I appreciate y'all's platform man. And DJ. And I. Hope I get to meet you one day 'cause I already met you. Charma, Andover, Maryland at the end of Run the Mill when I got your book signing. Oh, thank you for coming up. I see Jess in Baltimore. Yeah man. So I would like to meet Jess but I did go see her in Baltimore so You know I'll fight. What y'all doing man?


Y'all bringing good awareness to this thing man. And I would like to talk to y'all one time. If I could get a chance and talk more about y'all with the sickle cell thing. Because I seen when you had the guy on there, rat Man Ratman on there. And. I have a daughter. Her mother had dealt with sickle cell. So I plan on trying to do an interview with her this weekend to see where that goes. To bring more awareness to that situation. Please do my brother. I love that. Thank You so much. Right. All right. But y'all being safe man. And keep doing what you're doing man. I love y'all man. Thank you King. Love you Back. Appreciate you. Thanks son. Alright, Get It off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We got just what the mess coming up. Yes. Tyler Perry stepped up and said, listen, y'all stop criticizing my, so I'm gonna tell y'all what he said to Kiki Palma.


All right, we'll get into that. Nex is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's D Djj NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the mess Music. Real Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don't she Don't spare nobody Worldwide. Jess Worldwide Method on The Breakfast Club. She's a coaches. She was Able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get


you. Friday. The Paris Olympics begin with the most stunning opening ceremony. Yet as the sun sets over the city of light, a parade of boats will carry the Olympic athletes through one of the world's most beautiful cities. And on to an epic celebration at the Eiffel Tower. Join Mike Tarico, Peyton, Manny Kelly Clarkson, and Snoop Dogg for the opening ceremony of the Paris Olympics. Friday 7 36 30 Central on NBC in Peacock@public.com.


We've brought all your investing together in one place. From stocks to options bonds to treasuries and crypto. It's all here. You can even put your cash to work at an industry leading 5.1% a PY. It's the most simple yet sophisticated investing experience on the market. A place where all your investments are just a tap away because why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all. Meet your new primary portfolio public.com. A US-based company and member of finra. With award-winning customer support, all your investing in one place. 5.1% A PY is of 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C. Not a bank, not investment advice.


Overspending on Amazon Earn while you shop with drop. Earn rewards on every purchase online or in store. Download Drop now and use code. Drop one one to get $5 in points. Get rewarded for shopping today


With Lucky Lands slots. You can get lucky just about anywhere. Dearly beloved, we are gathered here today to, has anyone seen the bride and groom? Sorry. Sorry. We're here. We were getting lucky in the limo and we lost track of time. No Lucky Land Casino with cash prizes that add up quicker than a guest registry. In that case, I pronounce you lucky. Play for free@luckylandslots.com daily bonuses are waiting. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply. See website for details.


Tired of ads barging into your favorite news podcasts. Good news ad free listening is available on Amazon Music. For all the music plus top podcasts included with your prime membership, stay up to date on everything newsworthy by downloading the Amazon music app for free. Or go to amazon.com/news ad free. That's amazon.com/news ad free to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads.


See It's Time to set it off. Thank you Monique. Thank you Monique. Speaking of Monique Tyler Prairie responds to criticism. So we know he just dropped a new movie. It is called Divorcing the Black and You know it's been receiving mixed reviews and like everything people often Yeah. Yep. Like everything else. And people often criticize Tyler Perry for consistently creating projects with the same storyline. So during episode of Kiki Palmer's po po podcast, she committed him for never changing his artistry despite all the criticism. And this is what he said, If, you let somebody talk you out of a place that God has put you in, you are going to find yourself in hell.


I I know for a fact that what I'm doing is exactly what I'm supposed to be doing because for everyone who is a critic, I have thousands of used to be emails from people saying, this changed my life. Oh my God, You know me. Oh my God, you saw me. How did You know this about my life? My family. A large portion of my fans who are disenfranchised. Who, who, who cannot. That's right. Get in the Volvo and go to therapy on the weekend. That's right. So you've got this highbrow negro who is all up in the air with this nose up looking at everything and then got people like where I come from and me who are grinders who really know what it's like. Don't discount these people and say that their story don't matter. Who do you, who are you to be able to say which black story is important or should be told?


Get out here with that boy. Get out. Here's right. That's right. He's absolutely right. Isn't nothing wrong with You know changing and evolving If. you want to, but don't force anybody to make you be something that you're not. 'cause Tyler Perry is consistent. He's just like You know You know what your favorite restaurant or your favorite You know store that you shop at You. know that when you go there, when you You know when you go to Target You know what you gonna get. You know when you go to You know Chick-fil-A You know what you going get. He's consistent And it works. People Support him. People support. That's the thing. People support him. It's not like nobody watches his movies. It's not like he catches bricks. People support his movies. Absolute. And they love his movies. So Absolutely. Exactly. If he wanna keep making black people hurt movies, then laugh, keep on it. We know we're gonna, we know what we're gonna get.


Like you said in Target, we know that's his way. Taxes are a bit higher. Yeah, that's, We know that. That's his way of storytelling. That's, that's Period. That's all. And that's just what it is. When Tyler Perry start cussing, that means, all right now. All right, now that means they get outta here with that bullish, like I said. Alright, moving on. DJ claims that she got in trouble for playing Not Like Us in Houston. So her name is DJ Ari. She, she got, she claimed that she got in trouble for playing Not Like Us. Not at just at one club, but in certain clubs somebody had put on Twitter. Drake really got Not Like Us banned in Houston. And she commented back to the, well re I don't know how it would work because I'm not on there, but this is what she did.


I don't know if it's called a retweet or a repost or something, but she added her to, and she said, yeah, I done already got in trouble a few times for playing it at clubs. And the person who made the original tweet also said Clubs like Saka Clay or Clay Prospect Park and Camp. I've been to Club Camp, it's a nice club or whatever. But they, they didn't allow the track to be played. And the DJ clarified that. It wasn't Drake or Jay Prince that directly stopped her from playing the song. It was the promoters. And she also said, headlines can be misleading. Drake nor Jay Prince never told me not to play the song Promoters and people that respect those guys told me not to.


And it was understood. That said, that Saw Drake has a closeup with Houston, a close relationship with Houston ever since he was essentially discovered by rap. A lot Records founder Jay Prince And he lived there. So I'm sure the promoters are like You know what, we still want him to slide through every now and then. And Drake's always there. Like he goes to those clubs. He frequents aka he frequents Area 29. He frequents the camp. So I tell you, when I was out there a couple of weeks ago, about a month, two months ago, I think I was out there, And I was about to play the record. I'm not even thinking I'm just You know. It's the hottest record at the time. Right. And And I, just remember the DJ being like, oh, I'm outta here. Wait, wait, wait till I leave before you play that. 'cause he didn't want it to be like, he played the record and it was like, it was a band. It was like they got so much respect for Drake in Houston because he does a lot for the city.


He goes out and supports the city. They just don't want to itch in his face. So that's probably what the promoters were thinking. Like, nah, don't play that here. 'cause homie might pull up. All Right, well I know the radio is still playing the record to We're on. I Know we're On 93 7 to beat out there. We play it three or four times a morning. Yeah. How can you stop? Yo, that's crazy. Oh yeah. And he has a mansion right outside of Houston. So Yeah, like y'all said, he lived there kind of dude, whatever. All right. Moving forward with that. Well, no, look, I'm gonna say this because I like camp and if I go there, I'm gonna wanna hear Not, Like, Us. And then I'm gonna want to hear something about Drake. Why we can't just play both. You're not gonna hear it hopeful. The music, you're definitely not gonna hear it. Then I'm like, I'm never coming back in.


They would like, so They'd be like, so Drake will be here. I playing in in your car before you get there. That's all. Yeah, no, I'm joking. I'm joking. I spice accused of stealing wigs. Oh my God. Stop me. Seriously. So real that Bronx getting out of them. Oh look, the owner of Bella Brandand head company is accusing Ice Spice of not paying for over 20 weeks. So y'all know she on a tour. Right? And so she reached out to the stylist that, that she's worked with before this wig maker or whatever, and ordered 19 wigs. And so the girls started making them and then she reached out again and added five more. Right. And so they had said they had hit her up after she made all 2040s wigs.


Now this is a lot of work. A lot of people don't give wig wig makers credit because some wigs they order, but some wigs like are handmade. Right. And so she reached out to them like You know, asked about the budget and they was just like, well, this is a little bit over the budget for You know what we expected. It's 24 wigs, bitch put y'all through it You. know what I'm saying? So I I just don't understand that. So they kind of like ghosted her for like a couple days or whatever. And then, but the girl was like, all right, I've worked with her before. So she gave us some grades. She was like, all right, they may move some money around, they may pay me or do promotion, something like that. But when they didn't hit her back, that's when she was like, all right, I'm not gonna work with y'all no more.


So then a week later they hit her up and asked her for another wig, like nothing ever happened. Hmm. And so she was like, well what happened to the back order? Y'all ordered 24 wigs for this girl's tour and then out of no, you didn't pay for them not even offering promotion at all. And then now you trying to order another wig. And they was like, yeah, yeah, yeah. We're not going to pay for that batch. We just want this, this is what her request is. First of all, that is so ghetto. And a Girl. Oh, well she is from the Bronx, so she ain't really steal. She just, She Bronx? No, she stole. That's what it is. I don't care where you from. She, I done stole wigs too. I know what it's like. Yes. That's exactly where, How do you steal it When she, in my mind when you say steal a wig, I thought there was a bunch of red curly wigs in the store and she walked in with a bag.


That's how I picture my, she never got the wigs though, right? She never got The wigs? No, she never got them. They kept pushing the due date back. So when she made all of them, she, they were supposed to You know she was supposed to get some type of money before she sent any of them. And they just kept saying like, I guess when she, nah, I guess when she sent them the invoice, they was like, no, this is out of the budget. Well they should have, they should have negotiated That beforehand. You Just before. Yeah, because I, I mean we've all been in a situation where you buy something and all of a sudden they give you the price. Like no, no, no, this is not what I expected. But that ain't stealing though. Just because don't wanna pay for it no more. That's what I'm saying. Where's stealing coming Into play? You got me gased up for a good start, But she may know it. She made all these damn wigs and we know how Ice spice like her wigs. No, it's a Bunch of red wigs sitting around. It's all orange, Orange and red.


Yeah, They offer her, they offer her nobody else want them But her. That's not true. Nah. Ronald McDonald, you stupid. Wendy's Stupid's A lot of places you can send them red with right now. That's Your, she should have negotiated the price where we agree on the price and you give me a deposit. And I make the wigs. That's how we works. This is freaking 24 wigs. Yo, what did you expect? I expect to pay 200 a wig and you charge me a thousand a wig. That's too much for me. I don't drop One. The clue bombs for ice swipe. Ice swipe. See, he had his Joke ready and everything don't even fit, but he had it Ready. No. Yo, this girl spent money buying and DA wigs tooth that she, she paid somebody in her shop 2000 to help her like dye the wigs for the girl. All of that come. Hey, all that red dye just wasted.


It's Orange. It's Not red, so orange just wasted. Okay. Yeah. Damn. You wearing orange right now? You, you can order a wig or too If. you want I'm not ordering no ice race wig. No. I like my pods. I like my, my I want Plucked and everything. I Will tell the wig dresser Halloween right around the corner. Okay. Yes. Put together your Ice Spice Halloween costumes. You already got it out there. But that wigs probably too expensive though. Yeah, they Are Spirit wigs. Yeah. She ordered 20,000 in wigs. That's what it came up to. 20,000 in wigs and wasn't even offered promo for it. So they still, You can make some money back. You ain't gonna make all that She can. No, she can, but the, the fact of the matter is that Ice Spice reached out to her to make these wigs. This is somebody that worked with her Before. Do the ice swipe Halloween costumes.


So you mix swiping those swiping from Dora with Ice Spice. You got the wigs, sell bandana, the little black bandana she wear bong. Got it. Got your little money back. Okay. Da da da da, whatever. Y'all can see whatever y'all want, but that is the news. Alright, thank you Jess. Now when we come back, we got front page news and then Tink will be joining us. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get back in front page news. Good morning Morgan. Morning Morgan. Morning, Morgan. Morning. Morning. Morning. Good Morning, Morgan. Nothing wrong saying good morning for yourself. You wake up in the morning, look in the mirror and say Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Anyways, us Secret Service director, Kimberly Cheadle has resigned after facing mounting pressure from the Republicans and Democrats to step down following the assassination tip attempt on former president Donald Trump.


She testified before Congress earlier this week and provided few details on what happened at that rally in Butler, Pennsylvania, which upset many lawmakers. And in a post on X, president Biden thanked Cheadle for her service, public service, adding that she has selflessly dedicated and risked her life to protect the nation. He added that the in independent review of the assassination attempt is ongoing. Now President Biden will appoint a new secret service director House speaker Mike Johnson. He welcomed Cheeto's resignation, calling it overdue. Let's hear from him. Our reaction, the immediate reaction to her resignation is that it is overdue. She should have done this at least a week ago.


I'm, I am happy to see that. I'm happy to, to see that she has heated the call of both Republicans and Democrats. We have to rebuild the American people's faith and trust in the Secret Service. As an agency, it has an incredibly important responsibility in protecting presidents, former presidents and other officials in the executive branch. And we, we've got a lot of work to do. The task force that we'll be putting together is gonna be very important. As I said, they have three responsibilities to investigate what happened. The debacle that that happened two Saturdays ago to, to hold those accountable. They Actually should have fired her. I'm shocked that she was even allowed to resign. She definitely should have been fired.


The fact that everybody's seen the shooter, but the Secret service is, is, is horrible. So why You know, sit there and take questions from Congress. If, you know that You know that this is essentially an an and the end of the road for you. Whether you, you ain't lying. It's like, I, I'm not sure how that is gonna hand out. I got a new conspiracy theory though. I think somebody gave him the gun on the inside. Because you can't even get, because you can't even get into those events like they search you and everything. So how did he just get in with the rifle? Somebody had to give him the gun on the inside. No, but he did, he the, the inside where security, where security was and the metal detectors where he didn't have the gun in that area. He only had the, the meter. But outside that area, he had the gun.


He wasn't in that area with the gun. He was outside the area with the gun. He was outside the area with the gun. They only get a hundred yards. He was at 150 yards with the gun. Oh. So he never came into the event with The gun? Never came in inside the event. But still there is a security perimeter to get close. You know, so I don't a hundred Feet Away, hundred feet away. Where the secret service were. And then anything outta a hundred, a hundred yards away, they, they expect local police enforcement to do it. Law enforcement. Yeah. Law enforcement to, to regulate that, To cure that perimeter. Absolutely. So Mike Johnson went on to say that Cheeto felt massively to protect Trump and rally goers in Butler Pennsylvania's. He also announced state bipartisan task force. We'll investigate as he mentioned in that audio, the circumstances surrounding the shooting.


Now Secret Service is encouraging former President Trump to hold rallies indoors. The the Washington Post reports that officials told Trump's campaign to stop holding large outdoor rallies and other outdoor events with big crowds following that attempt on his life. You know, they You know they quoted me in that damn secret service. Hearing Andy Biggs from Arizona, I still don't have no idea why Peace called who is Secret Service Chief Kimberly Cheadle Charlamagne. The God says Trump solely responsible for violent rhetoric that led to attempt on his life. Oh, you on their list. Well, it happens. You matter and Black Lives matter. So in other news, president Biden says, Sonya Massey, That's not that sound like a positive note.


I'm gonna use that today. You matter and Black Lives matter. But no seriously. In other news, president Biden says that Sonya Massey should still be alive today. She's the black woman who was shot to death by an Illinois she sheriff's deputy after she called 9 1 1 because she thought an intruder was in her home. Now, in a statement, Biden said, Sonya's family deserves justice and that people should be able to call for help without fearing for their lives. Massey's father and civil rights attorney Ben Crump, are demanding justice. Let's hear from them. These Platitudes from people You know you have my prayers and my sympathy, but You know what I want. I want justice for my baby. Where is the humanity?


Where is the training? Until we get justice for Soya Massey, we rebuke this discriminatory criminal justice system in the name of Jesus. So yeah, You know a serious one. You got on, got a call on God. Salman County Sheriff's deputies John Grayson and another deputy went to Massey's home and a released body cam video. He was, he can be heard yelling at Massey over moving a pot of boiling water from the stove to the sink. He then threatens to shoot her in the face and screams at her to drop the pot before he opens fire. Now Grayson has been charged with first degree murder, aggravated battery, and official misconduct. A state's attorney says, A review of the police investigation did not support the claim that Grayson was justified in his use of deadly force.


Now, VP Harris called Sonya's death senseless and charged Congress to pass the George Floyd Justice and Policing Act. A bill that she co-authored when she was in the Senate. Now the Department of Justice is opening investigation into the deputy involved shooting. And this was in Springfield, Illinois. By the way, civil rights attorney, Ben Crump announced, also announced the probe, while also revealing that Massey's family has also met with Governor JB Pritzker and Lieutenant Governor Juliana Stratton. I They don't teach deescalation tactics. That's what you want to do first when you arrive on the scene. But the, again, she called them for help. So You know if it if for anything that goes back to securing the perimeter, securing everything there.


It could have been a cop that went in there and said, oh, there's water boiling on the stove. Let me turn that off. Yeah, Let me turn it off. You know we're all sitting here with the shita. Coulda would've. But You know, right? Sonia Mac does deserve justice. So let's just switch things up on a, a lighter note. I guess. Do y'all know Snoop Dogg? He will be the final bearer of the Olympic torch. So the mayor of the small Paris suburb Sandee announced the rapper's participation in a post on X. The suburb where the Sta de France Olympic Stadium is located. Snoop Dogg will be part of NBC's coverage of the Olympics. So that should be exciting out You know Snoop don't take nothing over feed now. Nah, Snoop gotta light up a blunt on the torch.


Oh wow. Come on for the culture. Wow. You gotta light a blunt on the Olympic torch. Have your blunt already rolled, Please Don't ever say for the culture, Have a blunt already rolled. You know. Use the torch flame to light it up. Take a puff. Ooh, come on Man. Snoop gonna be like Brittany gr ain't get, lock his ass up. Right. Like I was just about to say, a quick Google search does indicate that as of July 16th, 2024, cannabis is illegal in France. So yeah, let's not do, oh Google search. That's all these people got do when they go into these other countries. Quick, a quick Google search. What if it's fake weed? What if it's not even real weed? He just doing it as a prop. 'cause he Snoop dog. The optics. Yeah, just the optics. He loves To get black people in trouble. Yeah, Just stop.


That's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood and you can follow me on social at Morgan Media and of course for more news coverage. Again, BIN news.com. Now when we come back, tink will be joining us. Her new project, winters Diary five is out now and we gonna be kicking it with Tink when we come back. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. We got a special guest in the Building. Big Mother Tank. Tank Is here. Welcome Tank. Good morning. How you feeling? I'm feeling good y'all. I'm feeling refreshed. Why you dropping Winter's Diaries? Fives in the summer for people to cry to all summer long. They supposed to be outside having a good time.


Yes. Yes. My ladies need it. Listen, my ladies need it. Winter's diary can drop in the spring. The summer, the winter. You know when it comes. It's just that. It's just that type of music. It can drop anytime. Absolutely. How are you, first of all though? I'm well Charlamagne. Thank you for asking. Are still on the road? Still on the road? Jana Aiko. Yes. I'm excited y'all. I'm on tour right now with Jana AI Eco the Magic Hour tour and that's been such a vibe, such a blessing to be opening for my favorite artist. I know What your favorite artist Of course. Okay. Of course r and b Girls. No Janae is the blueprint, but this is an arena tour. So this is so big for me and my fans And it sells out. My daughter, when she loved it, she went to the Barlay show.


Yes. Okay. New York. It was a you co leray and Janae and she said it was just dope. She said it was just like a, a huge women empowerment show. It was just exactly. It was just a vibe the whole night. She said she loved it. Yes. I feel like all my ladies, we getting our life every night on tour and we releasing all that toxic energy. You know we we just feeling the vibes. I need you to break something down for me. You just said Jana Aiko is the blueprint for the RB ladies. I never heard that. I wanted like break That down. Oh yes. I grew up listening to Jana Aiko back in her like mix tape days. This was before albums on YouTube or albums on Apple Music. Janae paved a lot of the way for a lot of girls. Wow. Yeah. Was a sound or content? What was it? The sound. I also think just the content You know the way she was approaching her music stuff.


She was talking about her first record was called Wait No More. That kinda took me over. Yeah, Janelle, honestly, she does it for the girls. Wow. I didn't know, I didn't know Tink was on the show 'cause I would've called Tickets. I knew she was on the show, but I, I would've called T for tickets 'cause I, I needed, my daughter wanted to go And I had to get tickets. And I was like, damn, I don't know anybody on The show, but I wish I knew. Yeah, you doing a big thing. But I heard the show was, I heard the show was amazing. Now we gotta talk about is great. Your new mixtape winner's. Diary five. I don't even like to call winner diary mixtapes. These be like albums. These be like soundtracks to these young ladies alive. That's A lot of pain in that. Yes. This is the first album of When Diary. It started as a mix tape back in 2012. So you can imagine just how long it's been since I've released the Win Diary.


My last one was in 2016, so this is the fifth edition of Win Diary. The girls that know me from Treat Me like somebody days should be like Somebody that was winner diary won The original authentic days. Like I say, mix tape


days Friday, the Paris Olympics begin with the most stunning opening ceremony yet as the sun sets over the city of light, a parade of boats will carry the Olympic athletes through one of the world's most beautiful cities and on to an epic celebration at the Eiffel Tower. Join Mike Tarico, Peyton, Manny Kelly Clarkson and Snoop Dogg for the opening ceremony of the Paris Olympics. Friday 7 36 30 central on NBC in Peacock


With public dot com's high yield cash account. You can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees, subscriptions, minimums, or maximums. Just 5.1% interest on your cash. That means you can grow your cash with 5.1% interest with no strings attached. It's as simple as that. Again, that's 5.1% interest with no fees. 5.1% interest with no subscription. 5.1% interest with no minimums or maximums. 5.1% interest with up to 5 million FDIC insurance. Just 5.1% interest. Straight up, no strings attached. Sign up today@public.com. 5.1% A PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C not a bank. See public.com/disclosures. For more


Tired of routine Walgreens trips, get rewarded for shopping with Drop. With Drop. You can earn free gift cards on groceries, gas, and more. Download drop now and use code Drop five five to get $5 in points. Join Drop today.


Okay. Round two. Name something that's not boring. Laundry. Ooh, a book club. Computer Solitaire. Huh? Ah, sorry. We were looking for Chumba Casino Chumba. That's right. Chumba Casino. Dot com has over a hundred casino style games. Join today and play for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. Chumba chumba casino.com No necessary by law 18 plus conditions apply for details.


Tired of ads barging into your favorite news podcasts. Good news ad free listening is available on Amazon Music. For all the music plus top podcasts included with your prime membership, stay up to date on everything newsworthy by downloading the Amazon music app for free. Or go to amazon.com/news ad free. That's amazon.com/news ad free to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads.


I feel like that's where my fan base really grew, so this is very special to my day ones. Are you still going through the pain now? 'cause we heard a lot of pain in the what, 15, 16 songs you put out there. Absolutely. And that's what it is. It's a diary y'all. So this album is, is much different than the others. There's a lot of pain, there's a lot of storytelling and honesty. Things that I don't like to talk about all the time. And that's what makes it special. It's just raw and uncut. But I'm in a much better space. I wanted to wait to drop this album till now till I could really So You got in that space? Exactly. Y'all till I was in that space, had to do some healing. Had to do some, like I say, refreshing of myself.


And, I feel so much better now that I'm able to drop it in a space where I'm not just angry and upset. It's more so like reflecting And. I'm teaching and I'm trying to tell my girls what to do and not to do. And now Was look for, for a bunch of relationships or just one relationship of, because you said it, you since 2016. So was it a bunch of messed up relationships? Yeah, I pulled from everything y'all, I, I pulled from old relationships, new relationships, things I'm going through and sitting in at the moment. But this album honestly was, I feel like just me revealing what happened to me in the past year. So a lot of, a lot of the stories are fresh and that's why it's just, it's just so triggering. And, I. Think You know we need that in r and b. I'm not trying to sugarcoat anything.


I put you in the same boat tank as Mary j Blige and Keisha Cole. And that's Sadly heavy. Thank you Shadae. Sadly you make the best music when you going through something. Sadly is crazy. That's crazy. Ain't that crazy. It's sad that that, that when you hurt, you make some powerful music. Absolutely. The best music to me comes from my pain. And I. I appreciate that. That market for me, I think the girls we relate to it You know what I mean? I'm not the artist that's trying to be bubblegum and You know I'm not a pop artist. I come from Chicago, the streets of Chicago. So my Queen in Chicago, G Herbo just called you. Thank you my brother. Yeah. My perspective is different. And that's why this album important. Y'all You know. I know it's Girls in the Trenches that's going through the same things that I've dealt with and every day ain't sunny.


So Winter's Diary is for my real ones. I need to know what the studio session for for songs about you was like with you and Summer Together. Drunk off tequila venting about dude. Like what was that about? You know what I wish, I wish we were, I actually sent her a couple of songs. Summer has a crazy schedule. I love my girl Summer Walker. She's a mom You know what I mean? She's also an r and b artist working, putting in work. So a lot of times artists we have to send records through the email and we get on the phone and chop it up. So I recorded that record. I had two records I sent her stressing and songs about you and she really liked songs about you. Like I say, she sent it back. It was a very easy process with Summer.


She's a girl's girl, so I just appreciate her. A lot of people try to pin us You know, they try to compare us a lot, our music and our styles. So it was really, really dope to come together. So what was the, what was the inspiration for that song? Was it an argument with somebody? Were you mad? Like did you go straight to the studio? Yeah. Did you let it simmer for a minute? Are You Oh yeah, it has to simmer. You know the song is really about when you in the club or wherever you are and you, you get in your bag, you like have a drink and you start thinking about one person. Yeah. And it's always You know. Sometimes it's the toxic one, but it's always one person you call. And that's why that song really hits home. 'cause it's summertime. We outside having our vibes and it's always one person you wanna go home with You. know what I mean? Tell me, what was the, the her record about?


I wanna know what her inspired that record. What did, huh? What did you say to the brothers? Her? What did you say to the brother that he goes, huh? How made you be like, oh hell no. Huh? Iss really triggering for me. I, That's not funny. I Think all my ladies it Funny. It's not, it's not Y'all. It's not funny. You right. Y'all Laughing too hard. You Right, you right. That wasn't funny. No, but my ladies understand. You know these day and age men are quick to, huh? What was the, huh? What did you ask him where he was? Or Lemme see your phone. Huh? If. You can hear If you. Huh? You can hear If. you can hear You know. I like to, I like to be real in my music. That's what does it for me when it's honest. And I was going through a period of time. I'm asking questions, what's going on? What we doing?


Huh? Where you at with it and huh huh? Yeah. Playing and Simple is huh? Damn. So yeah, that, that is home for a lot of women relationships. Y'all, I feel like men You know, it's, it is very hard for y'all to be honest out here. So Hun is, is a lot of times the response. But what's The thing about Hun? Sometimes I really might not have heard you. That's a lie. Charlamagne. I'm Just saying that's a lie. If. you need a second to think about what your answer gonna be. So that Hung gives you that little second, please. Exactly. Envy. That's that's what it is. Well, you just out here snitching. What's up with you? We Changed black man. Don't cheat. We Changed. We supposed to be teaching to you. God damn. We Done did that in our twenties. He right. A lot of times y'all thinking about what you wanna say. So Yeah. See, you heard me. You Hard me.


So we, I gotta ask. So when it comes to, to all this, how, what kind of man is Tink looking for, right? Because you get sexy in here and you tell about, you tell You know what you, what you want a man to do to you sexually. But you also talk about all these toxic relationships. So it seems like you're looking for the toxic. No, never. We running from the toxic this year, y'all. For me, it's, it's really about being honest and true. I think in 2024, men are such liars. Come on now. Don't do that. All men are so quick to lie. So I say it, huh? It it's to boil down to being honest. You know. I like man that securing himself knows what he wants. Isn't afraid to vocalize that in the beginning. And for me, I'm from Chicago.


I like a man that has You know, just a strong demeanor. I love a standup guy. Like I say, y'all be honest, a lot of girls just want somebody that's gonna be real to them and not play with they feelings. All right. We got more with Tink when we come back. It's The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. We're still kicking it with Tink. Charlamagne. I feel like you've been searching for love for a long time. Tink like, when I think about when is Diary won? Wait a minute, wait a minute. It's Happening a minute. It just, it feels like the whole series is Huge. I've been working all my life. Okay, I think I need to say that too. It's so hard to find love when you're really passionate in your career. So it may seem like I'm looking for love, but honestly I'm just so grounded in my music.


I don't have time to date And I wish I did. So I just wanna say that like, I'm not looking for anything but a child. But you are a Lover though. I'm a lover, but I'm so focused on making it and succeeding. You know. So a lot of times love just falls to the wayside for me. And people don't know that. Like my music is very, it can be very sappy sometimes, but in real life emotion does not run me. I run my business. Think Say I'm a whole thug. Yeah. At times I have to be. Yeah. Yeah. You know how this industry can be. It it, I have a, a tough skin on me. It may seem like that, like I'm yearning for love, but a lot of times y'all, I'm so focused on my next bag. So why is that such a recurring theme then? Just the, the yearning for love throughout the mixtapes and the eyes.


I feel like I know what women wanna hear and in the past my music has touched a lot of souls, so I gotta cater to that. You know, I I can't leave my women hanging. My music isn't about flashing money and jewelry and chains. It's, it's about what they need. And, I Make sure that I remember that when I'm writing Now with relationships. Is it both of you guys? 'cause it takes two to tango, right? Is it just, are you kind of toxic too? Are you, are you part of the problem? Well I think in general everybody is capable of being toxic. We have days, I'm such a person that gives grace, And, I. I'm trying to do the right thing. I'm a very positive person. I'm peaceful You know what I mean? Like, I love good vibrations word.


So I may have a day. I think we all have our days, we all have a moment. But that is not how I answer a relationship or that's not how I move in general. You know for me, I want peace. Y'all, I've been through so much in this industry and if You know my story, You know I've just been through a lot of hardships. So absolutely not. I want somebody to bring me some peace. I have enough to struggle and deal with in, in life. So I, I like the record insane because it shows the contrast between like physical and emotional detachment after a breakup. And you say I'm in love with it. That won't change. Can't promise that I'm all 'cause If you come calling, I'm already on my way. And that remind, it's like insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results.


Come on. Why was it necessary for you to talk about that aspect of it? To me, I was just giving people both perspectives. You know what I mean? Like, like I say, it's a diary. So I had to be honest with myself and a lot of these songs are stories. And there was a point in time where I was, was stuck to a person. And, I, think a lot of women have been there, especially when we young You know what I mean? We're comfortable. It it, it feels good at the moment and you don't realize until you step back. I was really in something, something I shouldn't have been in. So that was me reflecting You know what I mean? And, I think honestly that's probably the best song that people really love on the album. 'cause it's just honesty. Do you think guys being intentionally trying to women over or do you think that, listen, there's guys, I I, I might have the best intentions.


I really like this woman, but then You know sometimes I just make irrational decisions. You could say poor choices, poor choices like this You know because I like, I'm not trying to break your heart. I think it's a bit of both. I think at a certain age, You know what you're doing. You know at a certain point in your life, You know we not, we not in high school or grammar school. So everything is a choice for me in 2024. It is just a toxic era You know what I'm saying? A lot of it has to do with our influences and what we listening to what we seeing on Instagram and what we think is fly and cool to do. A lot of men You know they'll hurt a woman just because that's that's what they guys is doing or that's real You know what I'm saying? They, they feeding off of what everybody else is on.


So it's a choice. It's a choice. I don't think You know. Like I said, guys know what they doing. Do you think it's also a part dating somebody or being with somebody in the industry? Oh yes, because that's, it's, it is a total different. It's not a, it's not an average life. It's, it's more of a difficult life and If you don't understand it. Your insecurities take over. Absolutely. That has a lot to do with on both sides. It's a lot harder. Like you say, you have to be secure and it's so much temptation in, in this industry. Guys that are in the industry, they have a lot to, a lot more to offer. So it's more women and it's more dms and it's more, like I say, distractions and everybody is accessible in the industry. So absolutely it's 10 times harder. But that's why I say I wouldn't mind dating a, a regular guy.


You would date a nice hardworking nine to five brother. I sure would. I sure would. A hardworking, honest man. Okay. Would you date a guy in the industry? Again, I'm not against it, but I'm open to everything. I think, I think the industry, like I said, the industry just plays a part like the distractions. So I I I would totally date honest working me. Okay, now let's get to it. Which one of these songs about hit makeup? Is it? Huh? Is it stressing? Is it, bless me, don't stress Me. Is it lows and highs? Which one is it Hit It? Is it hit and Lick? Is it, make it make sense? Which one Charlemagne. Listen, I feel like the entire album is, is could relate to him or to any man You know what I mean? I purposely waited to drop this album so that it wasn't 14 songs about one person. But in this situation, You know if You know our history.


We went through a lot of turmoil. So there's a bit of him in in a lot of these, a lot of these records. And he knows that we worked on the album together. How Was that? That process was different for me. It took a lot of maturity for me to get in that booth and for us to come to agreement on these songs. We had hard days where he had to walk out and, and that's just what it is. I couldn't, Hey, Did y have to have a conversation before? Because I mean y'all were together. It, like you said, it was toxic at times. But y'all make great music with each other. Most people would've been like f that I ain't working with him. You You know. Most women probably would've been like, I can't see him again. But y'all were able to, how was that conversation and who put that together where y'all said, You know what, let's watch this out and do this together.


Yeah, I had to take, take the emotion out of it. And we were already in a, in a contract. So there were obligations. And that's what I think The World doesn't know. You know. We already had ties and things were already in motion. So like I say, it took a lot of maturity to say, Hey, I'm gonna go in this booth. I'm gonna do my best today. You. know what I'm saying? Whatever I can give. If it's 10%, 20%, that's the best I can give You know that. That's also why it did take some time. 'cause I needed time away to get my mind together. I, I can't look at you today. I can't You know. I can't be around you listening to what you wanna say right now. So I give God a lot of credit. It took a lot for me to put this album out. Did you say, is It true that, is it true that he asked you for $2 million?


'cause he was, he was mad that you wanted to go do a project independently? I will say that we, we did have a contract in place. The details of the contract are really personal and that's, that's where I was at fault at You know, sometimes it's best to just lay low about details and things like that. But Hitmaker was paid. And I think that's fair to say. He knows it. And that's the reason I went forward. Because if I'm putting my money and I'm investing into something, I need all of mine in return. All right. We got more with Tink when we come back. Don't move. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Steve j Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now we're still kicking it with 10. Her album Winter's Diary is out right now.


Now how is doing the album? 'cause you got a lot of sexual songs. Oh Yeah. And There's a lot of songs that very intimate, very sexy gives you, put you in that room's diary. Did y'all get to a point where it rekindled anything after going through all that at all? No, I haven't been in that space with Hitmaker for a long time. And that's the, that's the gag that everybody doesn't know. Like I've been so focused on the music, I don't have time to really even entertain him or, or vice versa. You know. I think it's best that we keep things business and the pleasure is what I think made things go left. Would you put your, your next relationship on the ground? Like, like this one was absolutely not because you guys, I Mean, no thank you. Y'all would just please take, say something when you get, say something returned.


It Was when you get this nice UPS guy. Yeah. You're not gonna put that on the ground. Not at all. I'm gonna post his arm. I'm post, I'm gonna post his the back of his head. Or You know. I think privacy is so good. Privacy helps so much y'all. When The World knows it's, it's, it's a extra weight. So to my ladies, y'all please save it for you. Keep it, keep it private. It's, it's so much peace and privacy. What Was the most, I don't wanna say embarrassing, but what was the thing that came out that you weren't most proud of? I remember they, they said you put hands on him. Of course. That honestly was the peak for me. If anybody knows me, y'all know I'm not even the internet type of person. I, I go live maybe twice a year.


So to be live doing that, it it, it did strike a a nerve in me. 'cause who I am as a person is so much better than that. And I'm very private. So it came as a shock. But I'm a real woman. And, I want people to know that life is full of ups and downs. Lows and Highs. Lows and highs. Thank you Charlemagne. Thank you. That was perfect. But yeah, life is full of lows and highs. And I think it gave people just a insight of You know my reality. I'm not just a, a perfect person. I never wanna come across like I'm perfect so I don't Regret it. But that was like a peak moment that I look back. And, I say, I'm gonna learn from that and do better. When you, when you talk about the song lows and highs, have you healed from the things you, you say in that record?


'cause you say, still up on my grind, can't get caught up in no feelings trying to move forward. But my heart's still healing for real. But you've been getting colder by the days. Papa 30 for the pain. Are you outta that space? I think anybody that goes through something traumatic, you can be out of a space, but there's moments where you'll have your days. So I'm, I'm healed, but You know tomorrow something, I might read something or I might see something that triggers me. I am so human, y'all. I I don't have a a filter on me. So I'm still healing. I'm in the process. Do you feel like people don't see the work that you put in or look past you? Right? Because the way you came in the game, you came in so strong, right? Yeah. And it was like you done did damn near everything.


You done work with every artist you wanted to work with. You probably done written root for every artist. You, you platinum, your, your, your gold. You, you, you are on tour sold out arenas by the way. And this is, and and when we say sold out this say we just put the tarp on a third, on a third level. I mean sold out. Sold out. Yeah. So do you feel like people look past you at times? I do. I do. I won't lie and be like, nah, I feel like I'm, I'm getting all my just do, there are a lot of days where I want to be included in the conversation and for me that is what keeps me working. Like I'm not satisfied yet. I'm not throwing in a towel yet. I still got work to do. But in the last few years, y'all honestly I feel like the attention is there. My audience is growing the flowers I've been given.


So I don't mind taking the stairs You. know what I'm saying? The hard work is, is giving me so much discipline. So when, when you do see me getting that Grammy or getting that award, you'll know it's really hard work. Nobody paid nobody to do this You know what I mean? Nobody spoon fed me this. I really worked my ass off to to make it here. So I don't mind it. A lot of people come up and it's just as quick as they come up. That's right. They can come down. That's right. So I'm not mad at my process. Every artist is different. You know. I'm a motivation for the girls just like me that ain't running around trying to make it in one day. You know. Like, let's persevere y'all. Let's put the work in. I don't mind. Do You feel like the comparisons help her?


Right? Because I think a lot of times we compare, compare artists. And I think it hurts them. Like, 'cause you, I remember when you first came out, they were like, she's the next Lau Hill. Oh yeah. Or she's the female Jay-Z And it was like, why do we put those comparisons? Tink is Tink and she's dope. Absolutely You know. It was too early, first of all to even say something like that. I think it was a statement about Aaliyah say, Lauren said, yeah. And when you have a lot of work to do, You know people are gonna jump on that. Attack that. So let, let, let an artist be an artist. Everybody is different. I'm trying to be who God made me to be. Although I do get influence from them. I am certainly not the next Aaliyah. I am, I am Tink. So yeah, that can, that can definitely hurt a person's growth.


'cause people are then compare their stats and their numbers and it's like, okay, well she ain't making no progress. But in reality, you, you doing it on your own turn. Why do you, why do you keep the pencil writing in it? Is that like your, that's like your Lil Wayne lighter flick. I love that. Yeah, it actually is. It's like the, the brand for when it's diary. My first mix tape, I came in with the pencil. So You know as soon as you hear the pencil You know it's about to, it's about to get real Pretty girls. That feels like an affirmation song. Encouraging women to just prioritize themselves in self-love over toxic relationships. Is that right? Absolutely. That's why it's the last song I wanted to leave my girls with a uplifting message. You know after all the toxicity in the album, it's like, never forget who you are and don't settle for less and You.


know what I mean? If a man doesn't see your worth, he gotta he gotta go And. I feel like that song resonates because as black women, we wanna be told we pretty and we wanna hear that we worth You know we worth something. So yes. Pretty girls. Pretty girls. We don't settle. We don't slip. We don't trip. And and you asked on Instagram, you asked people which winner winner's diary was their favorite. Yes. So people, we gotta ask you, which one is your favorite? Which one resonates with you the Most on y'all? The five. The number five. I feel like this is such progression. You know my early mixtapes. I was in the basement, audio was clipped. It was a lot of static. I think this album is so polished. It's, it's so raw.


You know. I tried to make sure that I made an album about all my phases You. know what I'm saying? The, the, the, the downs. There's the highs, there's the record player for my girls that like to get Wild, You know, just so well cultivated album. I I touched on everything and this one. So that's why it's gonna be my favorite. Is this the last one? Never. Oh, you okay. I feel like I still have more to say. You know they really been pressing me for a deluxe. So I got some more work to do, but it's never done for me. And my story will never be done. I'm gonna take this to the grave. Y'all like, I'm one of those artists. I feel like I got so much more in me. I'm just now touching that surface. So I'm excited. Y'all, this is not my last one. Dire So If you find love, which you will, will the PenFed change?


Will those songs be about, would will they be like the greatest love songs we ever heard? Yeah, the pencil is still gonna be there. Okay. But I love to make love songs My earlier winter diaries that was so many love songs. That'll always


Friday the Paris Olympics begin with the most stunning opening ceremony. Yet as the sun sets over the city of light, a parade of boats will carry the Olympic athletes through one of the world's most beautiful cities and onto an epic celebration at the Eiffel Tower. Join Mike Tarico, Peyton, Manny Kelly Clarkson and Snoop Dogg for the opening ceremony of the Paris Olympics. Friday 7 36 30 central on NBC in Peacock@public.com


We've brought all your investing together in one place. From stocks to options bonds to treasuries and crypto. It's all here. You can even put your cash to work at an industry leading 5.1% a PY. It's the most simple yet sophisticated investing experience on the market. A place where all your investments are just a tap away because why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all. Meet your new primary portfolio public.com. A US-based company and member of finra. With award-winning customer support, all you are investing in one place, 5.1% A PY is of 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C. Not a bank, not investment advice


Is getting gas at shell. Burning a hole in your wallet. Get the drop app with drop. You can earn free gift cards just by filling up your tank. Download drop now. Use code drop eight eight to instantly receive $5 in points.


Tired of ads barging into your favorite news podcasts. Good news ad-free listening is available on Amazon Music. For all the music plus top podcasts included with your prime membership, stay up to date on everything newsworthy by downloading the Amazon music app for free. Or go to amazon.com/news ad free. That's amazon.com/news ad free to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads.


Hey Guys, it is Ryan. I'm not sure if You know this about me, but I'm a bit of a fun fanatic when I can. I like to work but I like fun too. And now I can tell you about my favorite place to have fun. Chumba Casino. They have hundreds of social casino style games to choose from. With new games released each week, you can play for free and each day brings a new chance to collect daily bonuses. So join me in the fun sign up now@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


It's B so yes, they they on the way. I just need some motivation. So somebody put me in that field. You know that space. Do you ever feel pressure? 'cause I, I ask guys this all the time, like when guys make all these love making records and they talk all this shit about what they going to do and they getting the better that when you writing grip tight H2O and all that are you do, do you feel the pressure to live up to that? Mm, Not pressure for me but I guess pressure for them to live up when I'm all How often, how often has the pressure busted the pipe fast? I'm Crying. What at that Mean Charlamagne? What the hell was that? That's Tling Tink New mix tape winner. Diary five is out right now. What song you want to hear t Right now I wanna hear my new single songs about you featuring, featuring, featuring Summer Walker.


Alright, We'll get that on much re Much Love to Tink. Always man. You know Tink, I'm a fan for a long, long, long, long time. Absolutely. I must say Charlemagne has always been as much people talk about Charlamagne. He is a good brother to me. Thank you And. I really wanna commend you for always checking in on me outside of radio music. I just appreciate that it's not a lot of people in the industry that on a personal level care. So I appreciate you Charla. Thank you Tank. Well it The Breakfast Club Tink. Thank you so much. Thank Y'all. I love y'all It. The. Breakfast Club. Good morning Tank. So hard man. Lord Mercy. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess Charlamagne, the guy we are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to Jess with the mess You Music Real Just Robin Moore.


Just don't do no lying. Don't She don't Nobody Worldwide. Worldwide. On The. Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to shut the door. Alright, so Kevin Hart understands Tom Brady's Regret. So back in May You know Kevin Hart hosted the live Tom Brady roast on Netflix. And shortly after that Tom Brady appeared on the Pivot podcast, which I've done as well. Shout to Ryan Clark and those good brothers over there. And he shared his regrets about the roast. This is what he had to say.


I loved when the jokes were about me. I thought they were so fun. I didn't like the way that it affected my kids. So it's the hardest part about like the bittersweet aspect of when you do something that you think is one way and then all of a sudden you realize I wouldn't do that again because of the way that it affected actually the people that I care about the most in The World. So it's like I just wanna like laugh. It's a good lesson. Like for me as a parent, I'm gonna be a better parent as I go forward because of it. Like if we're not laughing about things, we're crying. You right about That talking. Yeah. He talking about protecting his children and he just didn't think how it would affect his family. During the Roast Comedians and other celebrities made jokes about Tom Brady's divorce from Giselle Bunin, the deflate gate scandal and his relationship with former New England Patriots head coach Bill Belichick.


Taylor Rooks recently sat down with Kevin Hart for the Bleacher Report and asked his his thoughts on what Tom Brady had to say. 'cause like I said, he, he was the host, he understood where Tom was coming from, but he felt like the roast was still a good win. You know for comedy, that's also what he said. You of course hosted the Tom Brady roast. He of course later came out and said that he regretted doing it. When you hear something like that, where do you go and what do you do? Well he Says he Regretted doing it. I don't think he's referring to the The it he means some of the jokes that He received. Yes. I think, I think what he's referring to is saying I could have tapered it a little differently. Saying or having a conversation pre of like, guys, let's go and do this, but let's not touch this or this.


And I think like the idea of going all in and just saying, I don't care. 'cause I know The World will love to see me being in the receiving end of, because I'm Tom Brady and I've been at the highest stage and level of my life. So I think it was, I think it was that although I can si with time and see where he is coming from and just him wanting to protect the idea of family and the conversation attached to that. I'm the wrong person to talk to about these things because I like to laugh. And I can find the funny and everything. And for me the darker the better. Like, but when you tell jokes, someone is going to get hurt for the most part, right? Yeah. Yeah. But now when it's about his, his family and they were, they're actively going through it now. Right. You know what I mean? So it's not like his, his kids are at an age where they not gonna see it or their friends are not gonna talk about it. They're going through divorce now.


Absolutely. You know. But he, if if he does not tell us to, if he, if he doesn't say that's off limits and we go there, You know he kind of gotta take that out, not us. Yeah. He a comedian. Yeah. He said he shouldn't have did it. He said he wouldn't have Did it. Yeah, that's on, that's on him. He should have told them like, look man, my family is off limits. Yeah. Keep my family out of it. Absolutely. You can do me all day. Pause. Whoa. Right, right. But my family's off limits. Whoa. And this is a roast and it's a, it is live, ain't it live? So it can't even, you can't even retract stuff. Yeah, but what and also to on that what if, if the roast, if I'm making jokes about your divorce, it is you and your your ex-wife getting divorced. But if I'm clowning you And I and you're laughing about it.


Yeah. You know. Would that upset the ex because I I am part of this. Yeah. I mean You know what I'm saying? But they were joking. You lost your wife to the, to the trainer or whoever it was. But like they kept saying all those things. No, that was somebody else. But, but they kept making jokes about who that the kids gotta see it. That ain't funny. Divorce ain't funny. Divorce Can be very, the kids Ain't gotta see, they ain't gotta say how old as them kids. That Is true too. Ain said them them, them shows be having classifications for a reason. R pg 30. Don't, don't let the kids watch till they old enough to understand. This Is how You know this is a roast. When they go to to school the next day, them and them raid all in pgs. They ain't gonna mean nothing with you. Your momma Getting smashed by the trader. There you go. They quoting jokes from the roast and You, the, you the main one in school the next day.


I can't wait to see his son. Teach your kids how to snap. See, I got you. Maybe I feel You know differently because I am a comedian. I understand. I I like Kevin's response though. Like while he can understand You know the idea of him respecting the family and stuff like that. It's just, it's comedy. It is what it is. It's very limitless. And this is something that you want. It's a roast. You can't That's Right. So yeah, you came in, you called it Tom Brady roast. Yeah. Yeah. Listen, you think the roast crazy? Let that nigga go wilding out. They going to eat him Alive. Can you imagine a And That is a family show. Exactly. Imagine a unended version of wilding out with all them fools. What? Just 85 South by they self. Exactly. Going Little chick on dc. Come on man.


Uncensored crazy. Cut it out. Moving on. Carly Russell returns to social media. If. you don't remember who Carly Russell is. That's the girl who saw the baby walking down the highway and right before faking her own kidnapping last July. The story gained a bunch of attention nationally and ended up with her pleading guilty to faking everything. She was arrested on two misdemeanor charges of falsifying an incident and police report. She was then sentenced to one year of supervised probation with mental health counseling, a hundred hours of community service and ordered to pay $17,000. And well close to 18,000 in restitution to the city of Hoover, Alabama. One year later, this shorty birthday, she back on social media and that's what she decided to say.


She said, I wasn't gonna make a birthday post, but I would be remiss not to publicly acknowledge the goodness God has shown me. He not only allowed me to see another year, but he changed the trajectory. Trajectory of my whole life. Happy 27th birthday to me. She thanked everybody who supported her, whether it was a text or people reaching out to her on social media. And she received a lot of backlash for the post and eventually deleted it after all of those words. Somebody was like, girl, Shut up. And then Why did you do it though? And then somebody said, this is not the time. Carlie don't start. We don't have time right now. Oh. So yeah, she, oh, People don't even think it's her birthday.


Yeah. I just think she came out a little too early. Like Yeah, She needs a roast. She needs a roast now. I'm telling you one good. That's all she, they should do the roast to Carlie Russell. Everybody will be cool. Everybody just let It, She won't get no more smoke. Yep. Then she can come back to social media. That's It. A roast can't be an answer. Everything. Yeah, do something. Let's get a roast. Especially stuff like this. What You saw another year, but did you see that baby though? Did You ever see the baby? Now you Caning. Oh, what? How we supposed to believe that you could see anything? Right? That ain't even your birthday. Right? Yo, you stupid. It ain't even your birthday. Anyway. That's just for the mess.


All right, Thank you Jess Charlamagne. Who we giving that donkey too, man? We need Sean Grayson, the officer who murdered Sonya Macy Massey to come to the front of the congregation. We'd like to have a word with 'em. Please. All right, we'll get to that. Next. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning Charlamagne. Some donkey days. Just saw themselves been watching Charla man was ready for you. Donkey. Donkey. I never heard donkey other day. What is it? Donkey. Say it again. Charlamagne man. I'm a donkey. Yes, You're a donkey. Everything that Charlamagne is saying is true. Yeah. Donkey. Today for Wednesday, July 24th goes Deshaun Grayson If.


you don't know who Sean Grayson is. He's a 30-year-old San San Gaman county sheriff's deputy who has been fired from his position because he murdered 36-year-old Sonya Massey in cold blood. Sonya rest in peace to Sonya Massey. Sonya had called 9 1 1 to report a possible prowler at her home in Springfield, Illinois. And then this happened. Let's go to CBS News Chicago for the report please. President Joe Biden responded to the shooting saying that Massey should still be here tonight. She called 9 1 1 to report a prowler near her home. And an encounter quickly takes a deadly turn. We do want to warn you that this video is hard to watch. Body camera video shows Sonya Massey opening the door for Sangamon County Deputy Sean Grayson and his partner earlier this month.


It Taking you so long to answer the door. Oh, I was trying to put on some clothes, sir. You doing all right mentally? Yes sir. My medicine Stuff. Once inside her Springfield home, deputy Grayson asked Massey to check on the stove. The situation quickly escalates. Please Wait your hot steam water away for my hot steam of water. Yeah. Oh, I was you in the name And I. That's swear got shoot you your face. Massey begins tore apologizing. Grayson fired three times hitting Massey in the face. I You know. What else do we do? I'm not taking hot, boiling water to face.


He clearly knew she dealt with some mental health issues because he asked her how she's doing mentally. She told him she took her medicine. What it it sending healing energy to the family of Sonya Massey. I will never understand how so many police officers just forget the protect and serve part of their job. There is really nothing I'm going to say this morning that I haven't said a million times before. Police officers. You have the power, all of it. You got guns The badge. This woman had a pot of boiling water. She not thinking about you unless you an egg. Okay? A hot dog, a bag of tea. That woman, Sonya Matthew told you, I rebuke you in the name of Jesus You. know why? Because she could feel the negativity coming off you because she felt your energy.


She felt your spirit and she rebuked that demon in the name of Jesus. Only for you to prove her right while shooting her dead for no damn reason. If, you feel threatened. Tell her to back away from the boiling water. If she doesn't comply, then leave. I don't wanna go stand in the yard, sit in the car, call for backup. Send somebody who knows how to deescalate the situation. If, you don't with the shooter. I personally think Sean Grayson should be charged with premeditated murder. If, you say to me, I'll shoot you in the face before you shoot me in the face. That sounds premeditated to me. Now, Sonya Massey's family is calling for a probe into the hiring of Sean Grayson because they don't understand how he was hired in the first place. He's worked at six different law enforcement agencies in four years.


He was charged with DUI twice. It's unclear why Sean Grayson changed jobs so frequently. CNN has reached out to other law enforcement agencies for more information. I don't think they've got any yet. I don't know what to say, man. I don't know what to do. I I study stoicism If. you don't know what stoicism is. It teaches the development of self-control as a means of overcoming destructive emotions. It encourages people to focus on what they can control and accept what they cannot leading to emotional resilience and inner strength. And today's daily stoic was somewhere someone's dying. I wanna play it for you. It's only like, it's less than a minute long.


And I don't necessarily agree with all of it, especially when it comes to a situation like Sonya Massey. But I wanna play it for y'all and see what y'all think. Because we're just a community always trying to figure things out and work our way through things. I just wanna know what y'all think of this. We talk about it in the room. Let's play it right A well-meaning friend might ask you today, what do you think about insert tragedy from the other side of The World you and your equally well-meaning concern might say. I just feel awful about it. In this scenario. Both of you have put aside your reason choice without doing a single thing for the victims suffering from the actual tragedy. It can be so easy to get distracted by even consumed by horrible news from all over The World. The proper response of the stoic to these events is not to not care.


But mindless, meaningless sympathy does very little either and comes at the cost of one's own serenity in most cases. If there is something you can actually do to help these suffering people, then yes, the disturbing news and your reaction to it has relevance to your reason choice. If emoting is the end of your participation, then you ought to get back to your own individual duty, to yourself, to your family, to your country. I see basically what I take from that You know, even though he's talking about something outta the country. But basically what I take from that is, is most of the grief about things happening somewhere to someone else You know is, is actually hypocrisy. And I don't want that to be the case.


Like when I hear stories like Sonya Massey, I I do feel horrible. I wouldn't wish this on anyone. Definitely wouldn't want it to be someone in my family. Definitely wouldn't want it to be a friend that I know. But I also say to myself, these situations happen. We feel bad. We report on them. We go to social media with them. But then what? Outside of a emoting, what are we really doing? This affirmation is also saying that If, you can't do anything to immediately change the situation that we should probably move on with our lives. That is what I completely disagree with because that's one of the reasons I believe these things keep happening is because so many of us don't do enough. I just don't know what it is we can do. Please let Chelsea, Chelsea handler give Sean Grayson the biggest.


He haw. He haw, he haw. That is way too much Dan mayonnaise. I just don't know what what it is we can do. It feels like every few months we're telling stories like this. Yeah. What do we do to change it? Like I I really truly ha I personally have no idea I would've to reach out to Tamika Mallory or one of the activists or You know a, a lawmaker that I know I don't know what to do. Yeah. And then I seen the video. It was this video servicing. Now when they, when other cops, after he killed her, other cops had came to the scene or whatever and questioned him and he said she came at him with the, the, the pot of water. But we know that's not true. You lying like You know.


Now you lying. We see the video. It's the Video. But that's what I mean. Oh, we see videos like this all the time. We know the officers be lying. We, but what do we do? I feel like we just telling the same story over and over every few months. Well, At this, at this point, I feel like police officers have to be held liable in situations like this. Right? Yeah. Because what what it makes somebody think twice and maybe say, You know what? I might not be as aggressive. I might not use my firearm in a way that I'm not supposed to as if I have to do jail time. If I, if I'm sued, if I'm all at, because If, you give them immunity, then they feel like they're above the law. But if this officer, he was what fired immediately, he's probably and hopefully gonna go to jail for a long time. 'cause there was no reason to shoot that woman. But once again, Amy, you're absolutely right, but we've had these conversations a million times.


We've talked about eliminating qualified immunity. How do we make these things apps actually happen? We've talked about You know getting the George Floyd Policing Act passed. But what do we do to press to make this legislation type act legislation happen? That's what I'm saying. That's what I want to know. I'm just disgusted about the whole thing. He, he even was like, man, that bitch was crazy. Even in the video of them telling him that, like, I mean him lying on her saying that she came at him with the water, just The way he was talking about her like You know, like headshot me And the bitch was crazy. Nah, don't, don't get the kit You know headshot. She's, she's dead. I'll shoot you in the effing face. Who talks to people like Crap. And then they had to know her like you said Charlamagne. They asked her this wasn't their first encounter with her.


Absolutely. Because he's like, are you okay mentally? Like if she said she took her meds, You know. So You know. And even saying to be as crazy afterwards like that lets me know. He know you knew her. Yeah. So I just don't know what it is we, we can do. Yeah. 'cause everybody's gonna move on except for that family. Alright. Except for The family. Well thank you for that donkey today. All right. Now when we come back, let's, let's clear it up a little bit. Let's, let's release a little bit SSA ssaa. Okay. Alright. Tink was here this morning. You know Tink has a new project that's out right now. It's called Winter's Diary five. Now on that project she worked with Heat Maker. Now You know Heat Maker Youngberg. They were in a relationship, but they were able, the fact that their relationship didn't work, they broke up.


It was a nasty relationship. They were able to still work with each other to finish this project. So the question is 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Are you able to work with an ex after you guys are broken up? Especially a nasty breakup? That is the question. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Are you able to work with your your ex after a nasty breakup? Let's discuss. It's The Breakfast Club one. Yo my man. Call The Breakfast. Club said calling my phone, Man. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody.


It's Djj Envy. Jess. Hilarious Charlemagne ne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us earlier today, we had a conversation with Tink You know her album Winter's Diary five is out right now. And she was talking about working with Hitmaker You know her and Hitmaker were dating and their relationship was toxic. They broke up. It was all over the internet, but they still were able to complete the album. So this is what she had to say about it. We worked on the album together. It took a lot of maturity for me to get in that booth and for us to come to agreement on these songs. We had hard days where he had to walk out and, and that's just what it is. Yeah. I had to take, take the emotion out of it. And we were already in a, in a contract.


So there were obligations. And that's what I think The World doesn't know. You know. We already had ties and things were already in motion. So like I say, it took a lot of maturity to say, Hey, I'm gonna go in this booth. I'm gonna do my, I'm gonna do my best today. You know that, that's also why it did take some time. 'cause I needed time away to get my mind together. I, I can't look at you today. I can't You know. I can't be around you listening to what you wanna say right now. So I give God a lot of credit. It took a lot for me to put this album out. Hey, business is like babies man You know what I'm saying? Like, you gotta watch who you, you co-create with and you gotta watch who you go in business with. 'cause you gonna be stuck with that person You know for, for, for a long period of time when it comes to a baby.


You gonna stuck, be stuck with that person for possibly really life, right? If the person's in the person's life. But with the business, like Yeah, as long as y'all got that business together, y'all gonna be in some type of relationship that ain't gonna work. Yeah. You think you could work with somebody that like a, a ex just No. The only ex I can work with is wrong.


Yeah. Friday, the Paris Olympics begin with the most stunning opening ceremony. Yet as the sun sets over the city of light, a parade of boats will carry the Olympic athletes through one of the world's most beautiful cities and onto an epic celebration at the Eiffel Tower. Join Mike Tarico, Peyton, Manny Kelly Clarkson, and Snoop Dogg for the opening ceremony of the Paris Olympics. Friday 7 36 30 central on NBC in Peacock@public.com.


We've brought all your investing together in one place. From stocks to options bonds to treasuries and crypto. It's all here. You can even put your cash to work at an industry leading 5.1% a PY. It's the most simple yet sophisticated investing experience on the market. A place where all your investments are just a tap away because why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all. Meet your new primary portfolio public.com. A US-based company and member of finra. With award-winning customer support, all you are investing in one place, 5.1% A PY is of 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C. Not a bank, not investment advice


Oh, Ever. Wolf down a big Mac and thought I need some extra cash. Then download the Drop app. Get rewarded for dining out and more. Use code drop two two for $5 in points. Download drop now.


Tired of ads barging into your favorite news podcasts. Good news ad free listening is available on Amazon Music or all the music plus top podcasts included with your prime membership. Stay up to date on everything newsworthy by downloading the Amazon music app for free. Or go to amazon.com/news ad free. That's amazon.com/news ad free to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads.


Hey everyone, it is Ryan Seacrest here ready to heat up your summer vacation. Get ready. Things are about to get sizzling at Chumba Casino your summer, getting a whole lot hotter with a special daily login bonus waiting just for you. So sign up now for reels of fun and reels of prizes right here at Chumba Casino with yours. Truly join me@chumbacasino.com and dive into a summer of social casino fun sponsored By Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VG w group void we're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Yeah, I, I don't, I don't think I could work with the, with the X either. Especially if it's something with toxic it, this, It, you had An ex No, I'm saying if that Was the case, like what I'm saying, if That was the case, I couldn't, I don't think I could because it's, it's like at the end of the day, you want your mental to be fine. You want to be able to Yeah, for sure. To be free and be comfortable and be happy. And I, I, I don't think that would be the situation. So I, I would gracefully bow, I married my ex And then not even Right. Seriously, he's not your ex. And then Right. We were, We broke up for a year. We did. Yeah. Back in the day. Day. And then not even like, 'cause like I'm beefing or You know mad at any of my exes or nothing like that. It's just that I don't really have no You know.


Why would I wanna work with you? There's no desire to. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Nah, it is really not. What if it's a good role though? What if it's, what if this person knows you talented? He like, damn, the only person I can see for this is Jess. That happened. What Happened? And I said that happened before. And with, with Wayne It happened. And. I didn't. I didn't. You said no? Yeah. I said no. I didn't want to be in his movie. I didn't wanna, it was a time where I ain't even wanna be on shows with him. Mm. It's, it's hard working up here every day with me. 'cause You know Charlamagne's my ex and, and it's hard seeing his face every Day. Man. Stop lying. Yeah. I know who your ex is. Don't make me say it.


Who? My ex. Huh? Don't make me say anything. My ex. I ain't gonna say, I ain't gonna say you my ex. I ain't gonna say it because I don't wanna put him out there. I don't care. If you out there, there, but I don't wanna put the other guy out. Don't start that because People think I'm gay. I'm not gay. Don. Start that. You mean think Dominican? Everybody Little gay. Hello? Who's this? This is Shy. Shy. Good morning. Could you work with your ex shy girl? You Ain't shy. You ever heard an expression that says Don't where you eat? Yes. We've heard that. That Means you don't work with nobody you don't date nobody you work with.


'cause it never ends up well at all. That's right. That's Right. Never, never. It never ends up well. You, you end up not resenting the person. If, you get fired and you are still dating y'all. You end up resenting the person. What if the person is your boss? So that means she's your boss at work and at the house too. It don't, it never works. Mm. It never works. You right. You Ain't lying. Another the only other thing I wanna say is, is Camilla Harris Butti Jay or President Is Buttigieg is Ka. It's Kamala Harris. And be Buttigieg and Yes ma'am. Yes. Because because they would, they, the democrat, the Republicans would be hurt real damaged when they see a black woman and a gay married man with a baby.


That would've hit 'em hard. Well, more importantly, both of those individuals are very qualified You know what I mean? Vice President, Kamala Harris and Secretary of People to Judge are very qualified to be in those roles. I You know, I I care about You know that more than I care about their, their identity. Yep. And it's Buttigieg, not Rudy. J Okay. Buttigieg. Okay. Alright. The judge. Okay, thank You. Hello. Who's this? Hey, Tyrone. Tyrone. Alright. Tyrone, what's your thoughts? Tyrone? Could you work with an ex Tyrone All look here youngster. See, I'm, I'm an old school player now. See, look, look.


Hey, hey, hey Charla man. You there? You Hey man, I'm right here. I just picked up my purple Crown royal bag just to say what? I'm talking to a player. I gotta talk to him right You. know what I'm saying? You Already know. Yeah. You know. Now look, Tyrone said it best. Look Tyrone said. He said, he said black man, don't Cheat. That's right. Black Man. Don't cheat. That's right. But guess what? Guess what? Charlamagne what got that meat? Old school got that meat. Boy said. Now look, working with a as ain't nothing to a player like You. know what I'm saying? Old school You know I'm a grown man, so I'm gonna to work, I'm gonna get that money and I'm gonna take my black self home. And, and and the reality is, you want, you want her to be set up right. Anyway, you might as well come work with me and make a couple dollars.


I'm, I'm gonna make sure you good. Yo, yo, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look. You talking like an old school player. I like you solo man. Come On now. Come on now. Come on now. But see, now see, as I said, I done did it before. You know young man. I done did it before. Yes sir. I didn't work, I didn't work with a, with a lady that day. It was a pretty bad breakup. I mean, we're both in our older years. Yes sir. But, but, but see the thing is, after it happened, she started noticing that all the young, all the younger You know the younger ladies that was working there starting to want me. Oh Lord. So she started getting jealous and insecure. So then she, she started, she started spreading rumors.


I'm like, come on now. Come on now baby. We too old for This. Exactly. And that she shouldn't be acting like that. 'cause she your supervisor, she like, she she's your manager. She, she run the whole operation. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Why ain't say all that now? Ain't say that. Ain't say all that. You ain't doing it right. Yeah. You gotta make her in charge of the whole operation man. Okay. So she should be vetting the young girls for you. Now look, if I did that, I'd probably be fine. You know Ain't trying get no trouble. Too old. That ain't just be in no Trouble. Yes sir. Yes sir. Well, you have a blessed day my brother. You keep on pimping, pimping. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.


Is that just Larry? She there? Yes. She right here. Yes. How you doing? How you doing? Pretty Mama. Look girl. Look. See, see I'm excited that you got on there. You, you can teach them old, them old boy. Them old heads in there. You know some of the young things that going around. The. World. I really like you. I like what you're doing. Thank you And. I appreciate what you're doing. And you keep on doing baby. You keep on doing it. That's Right. Thank You so much OJ I appreciate that babe On Tyrone You. know what I'm saying? You hear that old secure player right there, Tyrone? Yeah. You know. He already know 800 Tripping 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. Can you work with a ex? That is the question. Especially after y'all broke up a it was toxic.


Let's discuss. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. If y'all talking about it You know we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Now If, you just joining us. We had a conversation with Tank this morning. She was talking about working with Hitmaker after they You know they were dating and it was toxic. So we talked about her dating in that type of environment. And this is what she said. Well her doing an album, working together in that type of environment, and this is what she Said, we worked on the album together.


It took a lot of maturity for me to get in that booth and for us to come to agreement on these songs. We had hard days where he had to walk out and, and that's just what it is. Yeah. I had to take, take the emotion out of it. And we were already in a, in a contract. So there were obligations. And that's what I think The World doesn't know. You know. We already had ties and things were already in motion. So like I say, it took a lot of maturity to say, Hey, I'm gonna go in this booth. I'm gonna do my, I'm gonna do my best today. You know that, that's also why it did take some time. 'cause I needed time away to get my mind together. I, I can't look at you today. I can't You know, I can't be around you listening to what you wanna say right now.


So I give God a lot of credit. It took a lot for me to put this album out. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Could you work with a ex, especially after a horrible breakup? Hello? Who's this? Hey, Good morning, it's Anthony from California. Hey Anthony from California. What's your thoughts? Hey, good Morning y'all. First of all, God is good because All the time I'm From California. Yes sir. Yes sir. What up? Whatever. What? Peace King. What's up bro? What Up, What up, what up, what up? Alright. Yeah, so answer the question. I think it just depends on the situation of the breakup and the work environment at the same time. Because like, I ain't trying to be working with my ex at Target. If my boss gonna smash, like we all gotta work together. Like that just ain't gonna happen.


But like You know if it's like a good cordial breakup and if y'all have a good business together, then y'all can still make things happen. Also compared to like You know kind of being in a, in a marriage and getting divorced and having a co-parent You know, like depending on the breakup, yeah, y'all can still do this job together great as And I have no drama. You know. So that's, That's kind of how I, that sound advice. 'cause it, it really just depends on the breakup. Right? Because You know you don't wanna be in business with a person you found out was lying to you or cheating on you or doing you dirty. 'cause that says more about the person's character. Right. And you don't want be in business with, with somebody a bad character. Yes, sir. And then one more thing, man, I just wanna say real quick, I wanna shout off my wife Anita.


She's gonna wake up. Like I said, we're in California so we all listen to y'all on YouTube and everything. And this is like, I just live on Houston early, so this is my first time in college. So you gotta done I got you brother. Thank you brother. Appreciate you. Thank you. Just luck. All right, Thank you so much. Hello. Who's this? This is Paul Brown. Hey, Paul Brown. What's your, what's your Paul Paul? Well my, my thought of it is toxic. When people have toxic energy in general, you can't be around them because they don't even know they're toxic. So I think the best thing to do is just separate, even if it's a business because you're gonna lead to disaster. I agree. Especially with an ex that's horrible. Like most folks aren't mindful enough to sit back, understand that they're dealing with somebody who had toxic energy.


Whether it be a relationship with the, with like a sexual relationship or friendship. So the first thing you gotta do is get grounded it. Figure out how this person's toxic and affecting you and leave it alone. I agree. My brother, I love di I love putting distance between me and somebody else. Hey, but I tell you what, look, Charlie, man, you remind me of Petey Green Dog. That's my, that's one of my idols, my brother. Thank you. You one Of my idols. You one of my idols. DJ Envy. I love what y'all doing. Yo, keep the, keep the energy going. And I contributed to Kamala Harris' campaign. Let's go. Oh, you you donated to act blue. That's what's up. Hell Yeah. That's dope. My brother preach. That's that's love. I'm happy that you did that. I'm just happy that people are, and not to get off it sidetracked, but I'm just happy people are energized about the election.


I You know, I don't care who people choose to vote for, but I'm just happy that now people want to be involved. 'cause boy, we were sleeping about two weeks ago. But Charlamagne listen to the best part about this, the timing of it. It happened after the attempted assassination. So they took all the immediate attention back. That's true. That's true. So I'm super energized. And again, I love y'all. I'm gonna let y'all go to y'all next caller. Y'all are incredible. Y'all keep it going. Yes sir. Thank you brother. Love me back. Thank you. Hello, who's this? This is Monica. Hey Monica, what's your th what's your thoughts Monica? Good morning. From what I wanna say good morning to all of you guys. I really like listen to you guys in the morning.


I honestly feel like, like, like Charlamagne said, it's the baby situation. That was my take on it. So I have multiple baby fathers, one passed away. Got but If, you can work with your child's father, If, you can co-parent with your fa child's father. I feel like it's definitely possible to work with the ex Now long term, that's a different situation, but on certain projects where it is, like you said, it's your baby, I feel like it's definitely possible once you master communication, staying in your lane. You know, I feel like it makes it easy. Also, trust comes into it too. You have to be able to trust that person that You know we're both on the same page. Yeah, but I think with the, with the child, you have to do it.


There is no choice. There is no option with The X. Yeah, that's good. That's a difference. That with the X, That's a difference. Difference You know you have a choice. Yeah, I said I I do feel like there's a difference. You don't have a choice, but because that is there, you can definitely do it. It's not something that it can't be done. Like the question was can it be done? It can be done. That true. But You know that situation. You have no choice. But If you have something. Like she said, that was her baby. So that was, that's what she fell on. That's what she thought about it. So it's the same take to me. I I I get what you're saying. It just all, as I said, it all depends on this situation. It all depends how messy the breakup was. That's all. Yeah. Okay. And if we ain't know who, if we ain't know, if we didn't see who Jeanie was, Jeanie Jenkins, she would be Jeanie Jenkin definitely sound black.


Definitely black. Right? Like a old black aunt. I'm like, I know she happy about that little divorce. Like, all right, You know what not mine. Let me rethink this. Jeanie Jenkins, Lord Jesus. Where you got the mess coming up? Oh yeah. They said SpongeBob was autistic. For real. For real. That's what it said. All right, well we'll get to that. Next. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to Jess with the mess. Music is Real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don't She Don't spare nobody spare Worldwide.


Jess worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's a culture shooter. She was Able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you To see. It's time to set it off. Alright, so what he says, SpongeBob square pants is autistic. No. Yes. I always thought that they No you didn't. No you did not. Why is he autistic? Listen, the Voice Act of Tom Kenny was at the 2024 Motor City Comic Con in Detroit when he explained that SpongeBob You know he had autism. This is what he had to say is this sponge Ups kind of on the spectrum too. It's a character. And this last comment I did in South Texas, in McAllen, Texas, it was the first time I'd ever been asked this question of a person who's You know, obviously on the spectrum, came up to me and said, Hey, I have a question for you.


Tom Kenny is SpongeBob autistic. Wow. Is SpongeBob himself autistic as And I said, yes, of course. I said, of course you And I said, I said, You know what? That's his superpower the same way. It's your superpower now. So he just making stuff up to appease people, Basically. That's what, what it seems like. He don't seem like he's not really autistic. If he'd walked up and said the SpongeBob gay, he'd be like, of course he SpongeBob. Of course, of course he is. You know. It's like he stop it, cut it out. You ain't thinking about that until that man or woman said that to you. Yeah, Obviously. Yeah. But this night, his first time mentioning it in 2012, while Tom was on Mark Marin with the F podcast, he said, I don't know what there is in that show that talks to kids that are on the autistic spectrum, but SpongeBob as a character is a little artistic.


And so that's when he started running with it You know what I'm saying? Some of the, the signs of SpongeBob's autism include him being obsessed with his job, very hardworking, gets really, really deep into something that's like, that's every Don't don't you, that's like everybody hardworking, obsessed with their job. That could be a Mexican What? First of all, what? That's what I'm saying. Like, that don't mean that don't mean they autistic. What? That's and and we gotta start asking the questions as soon as that dude be like, SpongeBob SpongeBobs are autistic. Explain that then explain why is he autistic? What makes SpongeBob autistic? Well, if certain people can claim autism without a doctor, so can SpongeBobs Square.


We all like to get deep into stuff. There's stuff that you probably deep into right now. Like people are deep into some type of conspiracy theory right now. Deep into politics. Like there's something that people get deep into right now and they all Autistic and that means that they're on the spectrum. Yep. And SpongeBob had mad friends. They was autistic too, especially Patrick Child. I was like, oh my God. Something might be going on there. Like I ain't never thinking about SpongeBob being autistic. But I always thought that Patrick was a little on the spectrum. Patrick seemed A little bit, yeah, You know, but that's what he said. In 2018 and 2020, Tom received a daytime Emmy award for outstanding performer and an animated program for his work on SpongeBob. So congrats to that man and all that To, to get it over here.


Yeah, that's, he probably got pulled over. They threw it in the water to get it over. Yeah. Stop that your freaking charge like a man. And stop You know ruining the ocean, getting these sharks high. And you wonder why these sharks go out and attack people. Now we got a negative You know stigma about sharks. Meanwhile, they high off cocaine. They ain't even asked for. They will Attack you when they not high. So just imagine a high on coke shark. What if they always high on Coke? We don't even know. What if sharks don't even bother nobody. But the only reason they're attacking people is because they get high on cocaine and they outta they freaking shark money. They got munchies. Maybe they got the munchies. Maybe it's kind of like weed. They just hungry. I don't think Coke give you the munchies Envy. What you said is in a report, it said there's no confirmation where the cocaine came from. But people speculate that they're from drug smugglers losing products in the sea or nearby illegal drug.


Of course you said Columbia. That's what made me think that. Does Coke give you the munchies? Ja. Nope. Never when I took it dummy. Yeah. Yeah. I think it takes, I've heard it ruins your appetite. I smoked it once in a blunt by accident. But No, not by accident. No, don't. You're not working with Here. Look, Jesus Christ. Don't even try. Don't Look, we've lived a life. I ain't never put it in no blunt and never gonna try to do that. No, I I smoked it in a blunt by accident. Somebody had laced a blunt with Coke. Coke and weed. I mean it was weed but they put coke in it. Yeah. That's a different way to ingest it. You gotta ingest it through your nose. Okay. Scientists predicted that the small sharks were likely extra aggressive and they may have been raging, chomping on smaller fish.


Yeah. Sounds funny. But experts say this is a troubling sign for the ecosystem. So You know. I wonder how that cocaine lay shock meat taste though. Hmm. You see what I'm saying? So a little different It A little Different. Okay. All right. Do we got time for another story? No. All right. Thank you Justin. Justin? Yeah. Thank you. I tell y'all about Lee names. The Monique demo. It Can wait. Alright. Alright. Alright. Well up next we got the People's Choice mix reminding you. My car show is less than 30 days away. August 10th we and Shreveport with 50 cent. So If, you haven't got your tickets. Come on out. Shreveport gonna be crazy fifties bringing everybody in their mama of the Shreveport. So that's gonna be crazy. Then New York, New Jersey.


We got the Drive Your Dreams Car show. August 17th. Get your tickets. Can't wait to see you. Let's get to the mix. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess Larry Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Salute to Tink for joining us. Her album Winter's Diary five is out right now. So salute to Tink. I Love Tink man. I've been a fan of Tink for a long time man. And that, that, that, that's the homie. She, not only is she one of the most talented artists out here, she's a very good person. And You know it's funny, right? Because You know we, I've been big up Tink on this radio for so long and people will get my comments and be like, what happened to t? What happened to Tink? I'm like, tink out here. Popping Tank writes records. She got gold and platinum plaques. She on tour right now with Janae Aiko, she got her new album out.


She got her number one record with Summer Walker. Like yeah, tank is doing her thing. That's what's happening with Tink. Very talented. Yeah. Salute to Tick and everybody out there, if your IG is going through some problems, it's not just you, it's a bunch of people out there that igs are not loading, they're having loading problems. So it's just not you. Oh yeah. Good. It's over. It's probably be over for all of this. I be liking that sometimes though. Like when sometimes when social media go down, I be loving it. Not when I wanna post something. Now I'm about to post this picture just hilarious. That I love. That's what I mean. Like I be loving when it go down sometimes This picture of just hilarious from that. Tuby, please man go on Tuby and go the, I got a story to tell and find the episode with Jess in it. I can't remember the name of the episode, Huh?


It's Called, but when Jess walks in that house and Jess says, honey, I got your bitch. What? Yo, you are a clown. And it's not a tub. Be original. It was on BET plus Original. It was Tub B. Yeah. And And then Tub Be You know everything Go a lot of stuff going to Tub B. Yeah. Yeah. Like The, Breakfast Club gonna be on there. The funny part we do, we definitely doing a Tubie movie. The funny part about the the episode Jess in, that's Jess. I could totally see Jess jumping out the window like that and then, and then looking dumb, looking dumb. Like, yo, now you look stupid because you did too much. Hey yo. And you see they were supposed to cast Chris Brown, but they couldn't get him 'cause he was getting ready for something.


So then they had that. They had the, Chris Brown wanted gonna do that movie Tyrell. Chris was supposed to be your boyfriend in the movie Chris Brown. He was. He was cast. Wow. So Who'd they get instead? They had Terrell. Who's that? That's somebody looked like Chris Brown. He looked like Chris Brown. I don't remember. I gotta go back and walk. Oh my God. Yeah, he looked like you can be Chris Brown little brother. Oh my goodness. All right. Yeah, just going, just definitely gonna get, if that was real life, Jess was getting 150 years in prison. Okay, Hurry, Do that to that white woman for no Ann Res. Alright, Well when we come back, we got The positive notice to Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess Charlamagne, the guy we are The Breakfast Club.


It's time to get up outta here. You got a positive Note? Yes. And I wanna tell everybody in Cincinnati man that this Saturday, July 27th, I'm gonna be at the Jacob Schmid lap of Bent Law in m Cincinnati for the Black Man Think Tank is a full day dedicated to black men focusing on mental health, physical health, financial wellbeing, and relationships. My panel starts at one 30. It is the Mental Health developing Mental Fortitude panel. So yeah, I'll see y'all this Saturday, man. You can go to the black man think tank.com and If, you register to get tickets. You get a copy of my new book. Get Honest to Die Lying. Why Small Talk Sucks? I was just on Eventbrite right now and it says only a few tickets left.


So get your tickets before they're gone. All right, And I. See y'all this Saturday in Cincinnati. Now the positive notice simply this, it comes from my man, Dr. Wayne w Diah. I love Wayne W He says, with everything that has happened to you, you can feel sorry for yourself or treat what has happened as a gift. Everything is either an opportunity to grow or an obstacle to keep you from growing, but you get to choose. Have a blessed day, breakfast Club Bitches. Y'all done Go Us.


Visit m odo.us for the best free play social casino experience. Wherever you are, Modo offers a huge selection of Vegas style games with free spins, exciting promotions, and always generous jackpots. You can waste your time with the others or you can win at Modo. Register today@modo.us for your free welcome bonus. Modo is a social casino, no purchase necessary void. Where prohibited play responsibly. Conditions apply. See website details.


Hello, Do Us@public.com. You can invest in stocks, options, bonds, crypto and more. Plus, you can earn an industry leading 5.1% a PY on your cash while you're at it. So why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all? Invest with public a US-based company with award-winning customer support. Meet your new primary portfolio@public.com. All your investing in one place, 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing. Member FINRA and SIC, not a bank, not investment advice.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior, Living Associates have been committed to creating a vibrant culture and delivering exceptional services, making BrightView a great place to work and live. If you're looking for a rewarding opportunity to serve your local community and grow, we want you to join our team. BrightView Senior Living is growing and actively seeking vibrant associates to join our community teams, including directors, healthcare activities, hospitality and dining. Apply today at careers dot BrightView. Senior Living dot com. Equal employment opportunities, text BV Jobs to 9 7 2 1 1 To apply


If, you are a smoker or dipper looking to make a change. You really only need one reason to do it, but with Zen nicotine pouches, you can find many. Zen is America's number one nicotine pouch. It's made with only six simple ingredients. Plus Zen is the only nicotine pouch with a 10 day hassle-free trial. There are lots of options when it comes to nicotine satisfaction, but there's only one Zinn. Find yours in online or in a store near you at zinn.com/find. Warning. This product contains nicotine. Nicotine is an addictive chemical.


There Are moments in life that are so special that you have to capture them and save them forever. They are one of those once in a lifetime events like your baby's first steps, the first time you bring your family pet home, or your daughter's first dance performance with iPhone 15. Pro most storage means you don't have to delete anything that could become a lasting memory one day. And it's important to be able to shove these moments with family members who weren't there to see 'em in person. Store more, share more. Connect with iPhone 15 Pro on at and t. Get iPhone 15 Pro on at and t and get an iPad and Apple Watch for 99 cents per month. Each at and t connect and changes everything. Limited time offer requires 0% a PR 36 month agreement on each well qualified customers. Other terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone for details.