
This election season, the stakes are higher than ever. I. Think the choice is clear in this election. Join me, Charlemagne tha God, for we the people in Audio Town Hall, where? Vice President Kamala Harris And. you live from Detroit, Michigan, exclusively on iHeartRadio. They'll tackle the tough questions, depressing issues, And, the future of our nation. We may Not see eye to eye on every issue, but America, we are not going Back. Don't miss this powerful conversation with Vice President Kamala Harris Today, AT 5:00 PM Eastern, 2:00 PM Pacific on the free iHeartRadio app,


hip Hop Beat station In California during the summer of 1975. Within the span of 17 days, less than 90 miles, two women did something no other woman had done before tried to assassinate the president of the United States. One was the protege of Charles Manson. 26-year-old Lynette Fromm, nicknamed Squeaky the other, a middle-aged housewife working undercover for the FB I, Identified by police as Sarah Jean Moore, The story of one strange And Violent Summer. This season on the new podcast, rip Current Here episodes of Rip Current early And. Completely ad free And receive exclusive bonus content by subscribing to iHeart True Crime Plus only on apple Podcasts.


I'm NK And. This is basket case. What Is wrong with me? A show about the ways That mental illness is shaped by not just biology Swaps of different Meds, but by culture And society. By looking closely AT the conditions That cause mental distress, I. Find out why so many of us are struggling to feel sane. What we can do about It And, why we should care Oh. Look If. you gimme therapy girl. Listen to Basketcase every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Joe Gatto. I'm Steve Byrne. We are two cool moms. We certainly are And. Guess where we could find us now? Oh I Don't know the iHeartPodcasts Network. That's right. We're an official iHeartPodcasts And. I'm super excited about It. I Am too. I Thought Two Cool Moms was such a fun podcast. But now it's even More Funer And Cooler. And Heartier. That's right. It's More I Heartier I Knew It. Check your heart rate. We're here. AT iHeart If. you could find us wherever you listen to your podcast. Or on the iHeartRadio app


Radio Dene Cara Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was assassinated Crooks everywhere. Unearths the plot to murder a one woman. WikiLeaks, she exposed the culture of crime. And corruption That. Were turning her beloved country into a mafia state. Listen to Crooks everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Good morning. USA. Yo Yo, yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo Yo. Good Morning, Lauren. Good morning. Envy. How you feeling? I? Feel great. It's a Tuesday. Know man I. Wish It was Friday. You gotta love It, man. you gotta love It. you gotta love It, man. you gotta love this place. All right. How you feeling, man? Everything is good. you there? you all right? Last night everything was good yesterday. Know I thought I was going home to go to sleep, but I didn't. My one of my sisters is in town. My sister That went to Hampton, actually. Okay. And. She's a dancer. So we, she's now choreographed. She doesn't dance anymore. When you say dance, the first thing That comes on your mind is not A stripper. Okay? She's Like a technically trained no shade to the strippers.


I Love y'all know. She's Like a technically trained dancer. So she's Like Ballet, modern Like, all That. Okay? She's Like dancing with a few artists. Drake, Doja, cat. She does choreography for Chloe Bailey. And. And, Okay. How long is she in town for? She's actually flying out today. She was here because she was teaching a class. So I went with her to the class yesterday. So I was, where was the class? The class was literally Like, two doors down from here. Rarely Know. So she taught a cla a Hills class yesterday. So I went with her. And. I was in there, falling asleep. And getting Ready for our day today. How often is she in town? She comes in, And out all the time. She does Like. Multiple different classes in New York. Next time, next time she comes in town, She to Mariah, And. Jasmine. See if Mariah And, Jasmine will take a class with my kids.


I tell you, my daughters get busy. Oh, they compete. Yes. And. They get busy, busy. Like train. She hundred Percent do That Train. Six days a week. Three hours a day. My daughters get busy, busy. They do ballet. They do modern. Yes, they do hip hop. They do tap. But yes, And. She comes from a family of dancers. Like. Her mom was Like, our teacher. And. Now she's Like Trent. She's, she's went from dancer on stage with artists to teacher, And choreographer, because I think it's just a better balanced life for her. Okay? Money's better And. It's less on her body. But she does privates all the time, too. Oh, please would love to, I'll text her right now. know, she might just Stay just to do It know text. Absolutely know. 'cause you know, my, my daughter's come from a, a, a, a family of dancers as We really? Me Envy what? You seen me two step AT the club I.


Get busy with the two step. That's where they get It from. Know they gonna need That Class. Alright, we good morning to you guys. We got a great show for you today. Ricky Smiley will be joining us. Ricky Smiley, of course. Comedian Morning show host. He has a new book out called Side Show Living with Loss. And Moving Forward with Faith. He's had a, a lot of death in his life in the, in the last couple of years. So we'll talk to him about That. His son died. But we'll, we'll get into That And And. He's an amazing morning show host. So can you know, salute to Ricky Smiley, And. Then also, Dr. Alfie Breland Noble. She was the facilitator, And, the Chief Mental Wealth Officer for the Mental Wealth Alliance. She went to Howard University. Her, her, her daughter, studying to be a therapist. She goes to Howard right now.


So, I'm so sorry, That. That's Happening. We are gonna talk to her right now. All right. Hey, Charla, Is he clear? Can you hear Charla? No. Oh. Why don't you talk Oh. Oh. He Got That. I was gonna say It never. No Uhuh. I thought we did the prerecorded. Yo. Yo, yo. So You could hear no I thought I did hear him. Actually, No. That was the prerecorded ones. Nah, I really thought I was tripping. No, no. That's the prerecorded. Every, anytime there's a a problem, we just have 'em in the stash. Just in case. It, the, the Yo Yoyos You know.


That's right. Your audio sounds horrible. We're gonna fix That. Charlamagne. It's actually out in Detroit. He's gonna, he's in a D. That's right. He's, he loves the D He's gonna be hanging out with, see, he loves the D. See, we can't hear you, Charlotte. you said you do love the D. There you go. Cool. Which one of us? Oh. All right, we, he's in the D right now. He's gonna be hanging with our vice president Kamala Harris, this afternoon for a, a live town hall on. That's right. I.


I prayed us. you have you, bro. you have nine people of the staff there. And. you And, your audio sounds, Like trash. Just think about It. you have And. There's only two people up here. you have, it's only two here with us. There's only two here with us. So you, you have nine. What's we, how many of us there? you got a More layer. And, your audio sounds trash. Welcome to iHeart. All right. Front page news, when we come back, it's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The, Breakfast, Club. Laura LaRosa filling in for Jessa. Let's get in some front page news. Now, last night, basic league baseball.


The Mets won last night. And also, the Yankees won five to two. They both tied the series X to the Yankees League One Zero. The Jets lost last night. The Buffalo Bills beat 'em. 2320. No, we're still in the playoffs. Its not the World series yet. The both the Mets, And, the Yankees have to win this. we, this is the American League championship series. So this is right before the World series. Alright? Alright. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. I. Can't hear Charlamagne, but I'm gonna go ahead. And not get too much into That. I'll let y'all figure That out. So, election day is bought three weeks away.


And, the candidates are out on the campaign trail. Former president Donald Trump, he held a town hall outside of Philadelphia yesterday in Oak, Pennsylvania, where he pledged to bring down interest rates. And, not tax seniors on certain things. Let's hear More from Trump's town hall. We had interest rates. AT, 2% And. Now they're 10% And. you can't get the money. We're not gonna forget the older people. By the way, no tax on social security benefits for the older people. So Trump said AT 2%. There was plenty money for everybody. That was under his administration. However, It is important to note That under the Trump administration. Those rates also rose 0.5% since the Obama administration.


So rates have just been up since then. Period. Trump also repeated the drill, baby drill phrase saying That, they're going to have so, or we are going to have so much energy. Meanwhile, the Trump campaign also says the man That was arrested outside of the former president's rally in California over the weekend, was not attempting to assassinate him. That's according to Fox News. Police say them Miller tried to pass a security checkpoint with the loaded guns, And, multiple passports, fake names And in his vehicle, And, then some Miller who was released on a $5,000 bail, told the Las Vegas review journal any notion, That, he was planning to assassinate the former president is ridiculous. The FB I, justice Department, And Secret Service have all said Trump was not in any danger.


AT That rally Know. But then he had, he had weapons, right? You know weapons, he had ammunition, all types of things. What was he? So why would you just casually be there with That? you just chilling. Know, supposedly And. Then the, the other, the other notion is That. He was part of the media. But I'm gonna go ahead. And reject That. 'cause what? So let's switch gears. I wanna provide an update following the aftermath of Hurricane Milton. And. Helene, you know, they left a trail of devastation. And And, Western North Carolina crews are still working to restore power. And. Some of the hardest hit areas by Helene after the storm initially left a million customers in the dark Asheville. And particular was hit hard by the storm after It may landfall two weeks ago in Florida. And the cleanup may take years.


This comes as President Biden, of course recently surveyed the damage in Florida. And announced 600 And, $12 million for projects to help electric grid in the areas. Help the electric grid in the areas affected by Milton And. Helene, also a North Carolina. A North Carolina man. He's facing charges for allegedly threatening, threatening FEMA workers. So as a result of That, FEMA has been paused in some areas, some areas of North Carolina. As they assess those threats, That man has, he was arrested. So That threat of course has been mitigated. And, of course, in Florida, governor Ron DeSantis says they're making progress on getting fuel back to every part of the state. DeSantis says the state will help repair ports, And, other structures.


Let's hear More from him. More And, More gas stations as they get power, also get the fuel. It's not a hundred percent, but they're making good progress. Florida will provide $9.5 million to jumpstart the recovery. And help repair the impacted infrastructure. Know, so he said free gas is available. AT 12 different locations for people impacted by Hurricane Milton. He adds That. There are a three And, a half million, or there's three And a half million homes. Of course, That have had their electricity restored without, with about 97% of the state now operational. So, okay, strides are being made. And know there, but there are still bought three hundred thousand customers.


That still don't have power. So again, strides are being made, but there's still More work to do. A lot of places say It could take years for the cleanup regarding Hurricane Milton And Helene. So I'll keep you guys posted on That Know so little too I I got family out in Florida in Tampa. And. They was saying That, they still don't have power. Now And to actually get gas for their generator, they have to drive an hour And a half to get gas. So when they drive That hour, And a half, they have to fill up Like. Seven, eight containers or nine containers. 'cause they really fill It up for the whole block. And, they go in together. And, they have to always come back. And And refill It every two, three days. So they saying it's still pretty F up. They say they don't see any fema. They say they don't see fema. AT, the local hospitals. And, And, And, And. They're going through It right now. So they say just continue to pray.


And, And, they're gonna continue to, you know, to make sure That, the elderly people in the neighborhood are good. Know we kudos to them for having community about It. So know we, I'll keep you guys posted. And, we'll check in with Vice President Harris on the other side. Or excuse me, AT 7:00 AM Alright, We thank you very much. We'll see you a little bit. Morgan Charlamagne. you with us now? I can hear you. I can Hear you. I I I. Think I can hear you. you sound a little, the audio doesn't sound clear, but I can hear you. Alright we everybody get It off your chest. 805 8 5 1 Oh, five one If. you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open. Again, 805 8 5 1 Oh five one. Get It off your chest. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast, Club.


Wake up. Wake up. This is your time to get It off your chest. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello. Who's this? Hello? Yes. Hey, good morning. Can you turn your radio down? You know, let turn It off. We can't hear Charlamagne through the radio 'cause I don't hear him. Every you time you talk I want It silent That too. you can't hear me? Can You hear him now? I, talk to him. Hello Sha, can you hear him now? Yes. I can know. I don't hear him. No, it's not That. I can't hear him through the radio. It's silent. Air I hear now through in the phone.


But when I put the radio on, I don't hear. It Oh him not. Okay. Number two, I wanted to talk about getting a colon check. A lot of people afraid to get their colon check, but you can also do the colon, which is a non-invasive procedure. That, I had done And. I've had hard because I have nobody in my family, AT, I'm not highly risk for colon cancer. But what It done, what I did is the doctor ordered It. It came in the mail, I, but weekly pooped in, in, in Like. A contained something over the toilet. It, I pooped. We, you know what? A colon check in Sha, you ain't gotta break It down. you got your colon check mind If, you do It. The way you guys did It.


I did I mailed mine off. you see what I'm saying? I didn't call the Cologuard. I mailed mine off. So people who are not are afraid to get It done. If they're not high risk, they can get the Cologuard. If they're we paid, they can get the Cologuard I. That's how I did mine. Because I didn't wanna do I, didn't want insurance. Afraid to do It too. But I did the Cologuard And mine came out negative. So that's another way. I was It too. And. you don't have to, you know, you do It, AT home And. you just mail It. you go to UPS And, you can use That. Okay, thank you shy for breaking That down. And. How you sent your poop to a doctor box. Doctor for them to check It Know, but check the ra, check your audio. I cannot hear you through the radio. Check your Audio.


She can't hear. She can't hear you, Charla. No, it's silent when you talk to him. It's silent. No, there is Charlotte. you can't call Clock anybody mad If, you kiss my as you iHeart all the Time. Charlamagne I. Love you. Love you. All right, man. Hello. Who's this? Marissa. Hey, Marissa. Good morning. Get It off your chest. Good morning guys. I have three sons. Seven And, 20-year-old, three year olds. And. They drive me crazy.


I have to be a referee every day. They be about to kill themselves. And each other every day. And, I'm sick of It. I'm so sick of It. I'm so sick of It. Y'all help me. I. Don't know what to do with these little wild puppies. I'm so sick of getting up every morning to go to school when I'm not the one going to school. They drive me crazy. They fight for breakfast when everybody eating the same thing. Why are y'all fighting over the same thing? I'm sick of It. Y'all help me. I'm about to pull out my hair. Help me Know we, how old are they? C And V. Y'all pushing me to Get there. Seven And twin three year olds. we, We, I cannot blame. I cannot believe. Lauren's gonna say somebody else gonna her to pull outta her Hair. No. First of all, she was talking about the kids part.


The bobby bobbing. we some, sometimes you just gotta breathe a little bit. And. you know, kids is gonna be kids. you might just gotta separate 'em for a little bit, as much as you can. I'm overstimulated. Very, very overstimulated. They Your kids know You know she might need a break. You know you don't Have no help. I need a break. I I, I mean I have a husband. But he works 12 hours a day. So for the most part, it's me. Until the evening time when he comes home, And, he tries to wrangle them. But they're just wild little puppies. We I feel bad for you. I mean, I, I, If. you know the, the, the best thing I can say is If. you can, is take them outside as long as you can in the park. And, let 'em tide themselves out. So when they come home, they just Ready to do homework. Eat And, go to sleep. That's what I do with my kids. Most of the time. If they, if they got too much energy, you, you gotta go outside.


And, And, And. Let 'em release That energy a little bit. Oh, I, Oh. I locked the door. I locked them outside in the backyard. Like, That. Go out there. Please. And out. we all right Charlamagne. All right, we mama, we, I'm sorry for you. Have a good one. Alright, get It off your chest. 805, 8 5 1 Oh. Five one. If. you need to vent. Hit us up. Charlamagne. you need to vent. I don't need the vent. AT all I. Just I. Just think everybody should be ashamed of the always, but I mean. This isn't nothing new. We've been complaining about this for months. And months. And months. And And months. And months, And. Months, years. And years. And. Years And years And years And. Nothing changes. So, you know, hopefully this is the moment. And, you know what's so good about It? So many people are Listen More now, so they can hear It for themselves. So Know. Alright, we, it's The.


Breakfast, Club. Good morning The, Breakfast, Club. This is your time to get It off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed. So you better have the same energy. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello, who's this? Hey, how are you? This is Antoinette. Hey Antoinette. Good morning. Get It off your chest, mama. What's going on? I need to just get a little bit off my chest about the school system. And about these parents, man. It's all about the parents. I need them to know That It starts AT home. The children are getting up to second And, third grade And. They can't read the sentence. You, you right. It, It, It. It's very know this Is, this is the problem.


You If, you know, you're right. Parents need to make sure That, they read to their kids. And. They're, they're More there a lot of time. Kids, That drop parents just drop their kids off AT school. And expect the school to do everything. But parents gotta be there as we you absolutely positively, right? And. Then when you tell the parents about the kids not able to read, they wanna argue. And fight with the teachers. They gotta take accountability. It starts AT home. If. you telling The parents can't read? No, she's telling the parents, the parents gotta do More. They can't just drop their kids off. And expect their kids to be great And just school. They gotta make sure they reinforce some of the things That the school is doing. I agree. Absolutely, man. When I tell you the children can't read, it's sad, it's hurtful. Like, It, It.


It's just I need these parents to do More. So I feel Like being on the radio. They listen to the music. I need them to edit this. They getting up to second And, third grade And. They can't read basic words, basic sight words. Know It is difficult. If They can't read, they can't write And. A lot of the kids, what they're doing now is they're actually voice talking into the phone. So they don't even have to be able to type It out 'cause they just talking to the phone. So a lot of times they don't know how to spell. They don't know how to complete sentences. So know It happens. know I. I I. See It. You know what I mean? And, That, It. It is just bothering me. So I was rolling in the, in traffic a little bit. I heard you say, get It off your chest. I just needed to get That off my chest. That's about It. Y'all have a blessed day. Thank you mama. you too.


Tone. Good morning. Now Tone is the gentleman, That called last week. That It went viral. That was very upset with the politicians. He calling from Tampa. Good morning, tone. Oh. My god. Tone. I've been thinking about you. How are you? How you, good morning. Good morning. Hey, I'm feeling all right man. I, appreciate y'all for, for helping getting That message out there. My mom And them. Power came on. Everybody power my friends And Pam, we all got power. I still got a lot of friends. And family ain't got power though. So I, I do appreciate the linemen, And, electricians that's out there in Tampa. Really Like working day And night to get this power back on for people. But my issue is I got another issue. What's up to? Because The Kamala Harris with her plan for black men.


I don't wanna Like I want to say this? That And I don't wanna make It seem Like. I'm, I'm coming. AT Kam Democrat. Now just be truthful bro. Go ahead. What, what, what, what's on your mind? They promised us That George Floyd policing Act four years ago. That's gonna protect black people. That That was going to be the black hate crime. From my understanding. We ain't got That yet. So if we ain't got what we was promised, what, what really drove us to go vote for Biden And And Cobbler Harris in the first place. If we ain't got what drove us to vote for them, why are we supposed to believe That? She gonna fulfill what she said she got for black men.


We We. you And It is stuff Like. This That makes me not trust politicians. 'cause they love to say what we want to hear. They treat us Like hoes. They treat our, they treat, they treat voters. Like we're hoes. Tell us what we wanna hear. Get what they want. And. We don't see him again. Tone Char. Hold on. Charlamagne Char Charlamagne's on the line. If, you might not be able to hear him, but he's gonna respond. But also what we're gonna do, tone is I'm gonna put you on hold. Charlamagne has, he's gonna be talking with Kamala Harris on a one-on-one today. We are the people. It's a town hall with Kamala And. I'm gonna put you on hold 'cause maybe Charlamagne might take some of your questions on the side. But Charlamagne You know you wanna respond to 'em. Hold on to him. Know. The reason That, the George Floyd Policing Act didn't pass is because no Republican supported the legislation.


The legislation did not advance in the Senate. Like. you know, you gotta, you gotta have bipartisan negotiations, you know, to get a lot of these bills. These bills passed And Like between, you know, Kamala Harris, And, Cory Booker, And, And And, Tim Scott. you know, the bipartisan negotiations couldn't happen. So no Republicans supported the legislation. It didn't advance in the Senate, but it's not Like. you know, you didn't have a whole group of people led by now. Vice President Kamala Harris That, we're trying to get the actual bill passed. Now, I do agree with tone. What I always say is, you know, you know why, why volunteer to lie? Like If. you saw President Obama last week. One thing, That, he said, he said, look man, we're not gonna be able to get everything done.


But I think the the issue is, when they,


This election season, the stakes are higher than ever. I Think the choice is clear in this election. Join me, Charlamagne tha God for we the people in Audio Town Hall, where Vice President Kamala Harris And, you live from Detroit, Michigan, exclusively on iHeartRadio. They'll tackle the tough questions, depressing issues, And the future of our nation. We may not See eye to eye on every issue, but America, we are not going Back. Don't miss this powerful conversation with Vice President Kamala Harris. Today, AT 5:00 PM Eastern, 2:00 PM Pacific on the free iHeartRadio app, hip Hop Beat Station.


Hey, it's Mike And Ian. We're the hosts of how to Do Everything from NPRs. Wait, wait, don't tell me each Week we take your questions And. Find someone much smarter than us to answer them Questions. Like, how do you survive the Bermuda Triangle? How do you find a date inside the Bermuda Triangle? We can't help you, but we will find someone who can Listen to the hot of your Everything podcast on iHeartRadio.


I Felt Too Seen Dragged. I'm nk And. This is Basket case. So, I basically had what? Back in the day, they would call a nervous breakdown. I was crying. And. I was inconsolable. It was just very big sudden swaps of different Meds. What is wrong with me? Oh. Look. If, you gimme therapy girl. Finally, a cha for the mentally ill girlies on basket case. I, talk to people about what happens when what we call mental health is shaped by the conditions of the World we live in. Because If, you haven't noticed, we are experiencing some kind of conditions. That are pretty hard to live with. But If, you struggle to cope. The society That created the conditions in the first place will tell you there's something wrong with you. And It will call you a basket case. Listen to basket case every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


De Car Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was murdered. There are crooks everywhere you look. Now the situation is desperate. My name is Manuel Delia I am one of the hosts of Crooks Everywhere. A podcast That unearths the plot to murder a one woman. WikiLeaks definitely expose the culture of crime. And corruption That. Were turning her beloved country into a mafia state. And. She paid the ultimate price. Listen to Crooks everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, I'm Dr. Maya Shanker. And. I'm a scientist who studies human behavior. Many of us have experienced a moment in our lives. That changes everything. A moment. That instantly divides our life into a before And, an after on my podcast, a slight change of plans. I, talk to people about navigating these very moments. The last couple of years has been the hardest season of our marriage for sure. I'm surprised our marriage survived. It I think we both are I. Think we both were barely holding on. Nothing compares to how hard this is. Their stories are full of candor. Awe, And, hard won wisdom. And, you'll hear from scientists who teach us how we can be More resilient in the face of change. True behavior change is really identity change. Every action you take is a vote for the type of person you wish to become. Listen to a slight change of plans on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


When they, when they Put things on the table, That, they know they can't get done. That's when people feel disappointed. you know? But I think That. This is something That they thought they could get passed, but no Republican supported the legislation. And, that's, that's the facts of the matter. We hopeful advance the Senate. We We. Hopefully you got, you guys can now hear Charlamagne, I. Pray to God. That you can, but If you can't. Tonight he's gonna be hanging out with Kamala Harris. We are the people in Audio Town Hall happens tonight. AT 5:00 PM Eastern Time. They're gonna be live from Detroit. Now we got Just with the Mess with Lauren And Rosa coming up. We do, we are, we're gonna get into the Young Dro interview in the moment. That happened in here where he was talking about his sobriety. Alright, We'll get into That next. So don't go anywhere. I'm, I'm gonna be nice today. It's The Breakfast, Club.


Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Now let's get to Jess with the Mess with Lauren La Rosa, you Music is real weather hilarious. Jess Robin Moore. Just don't do No, don't, she don't spare nobody. World Jess World mess on The Breakfast Club. She's the coach. Lauren. Lauren LaRosa I back. And. I got the mess. Talk to me So young Joe And ti were up here. They were here promoting Joe's new song, thank God That he has with Kirk Franklin And on That song.


It talks about, you know, just his struggles with sobriety, getting over the, you know, struggles with sobriety. And just where he's AT Now, And, during the conversation about sobriety, when he was in here talking to us, there was an incident. That went down with one of his homeboys. That was in here, a comedian out of Atlanta named K Dub. Let's take a listen to It. Actually, I overdosed. I used this platform with the, with the thank God to That's your brother right's crazy man. you, You almost overdosed. Yo I did all of these things happened. The overdose. My daughter was on drugs. CareerWise. I wasn't aware. I wasn't where I wanted. What is this? What's up with you man?


Man, Hey, you finna get slapped. I mean we cool, but I slapped you by That. Oh, man, I'm just, I'm just telling you, we cool. Hey, you ain't gonna slap me now. Now what you want to do? Hey, you ain't gonna slap me. What you wanna do? you, you gonna hurt yourself. know, don't let him take you outta your, you, you hurt yourself. Come on, y'all bank here though, I, listen. Hey man, you, you. Hey listen, hey, both of y'all, all y'all, everybody came in in my, with me. Hey, little, remember who you came in And. Remember what we doing here, man? Come on man. Let get this shit together, bro. Alright, Now, KW did respond to one of the comments. KW is the, is the guy, That, you hear Comedian And, he's a comedian. know a comedian. And, you hear Joe going back, And forth with before Tia And, Tia's manager kp intervened, And trying And calm It down And, someone basically commenting.


And said That It. It was foul for him to be laughing. AT the fact That Joe was talking about his daughter who was going through her own battle with drugs. And. Kub said I wasn't laughing. AT his daughter, I was still laughing. AT something That was said earlier. So he wanted to clear That up. But, you know, I think in the moment being here in the room, I could kind of feel That. Dr was, it's new for him to be loudly talking about all of this stuff. So I think in the moment, he just, you know, the, he felt kind of It. It's not something he was yelling AT the, the, the top of the mountains about And. He talked about That, Like kind of being ashamed of It. So the I think the jokey jokes, even the laughing AT something prior to after whatever It got to him a bit I. Think we all were a little bit Like. Whoa. Okay. What's so funny, And then It, all That happened.


So as we We, that's one, that's one of my worst fears. Laughing AT something in my head. When somebody's discussing something serious, If, you know, that's, that's why you gotta I. Guess you gotta really pay attention to the conversation. But I mean It, Like, That, That was just a friendly, a little friendly kerfuffle. you know what I mean? Like. you, you heard what Joe said. Joe said, we cool? Yes, but I'll smacked It. Not you. And And. He was just set setting the boundaries with his friend. That's all he did. That's It. He did And. He later apologized for That. He did during the interview, he did apologize. And And. They left. They left with each other. They didn't fight anything. Like. Each That left. Yes, they brothers. Absolutely. We have the apology too. Later in the interview, Dre just on his own was Like. I wanna apologize. So let's take a listen to Dre. Hey man, I wanna apologize to my friend I.


I got beside myself. I I shouldn't have took feelings to That. It's all, you know, I'm I ain't That baby right there, man. you know what I'm saying? I ain't finna be slapping no goddamn battle. I'm saying, Hey man, it's all good. That's my, that's my dog. Hey man, listen, you know, hey man, we all, we all here together. We came here together. We gonna leave here together. We gonna grow together. If. you know what I'm saying? know. So, you know, I just had to make That. So we gonna have good time. We gonna have bad times. Absolutely. you know? But one thing we ain't gonna have in no broke times. If, you know, Joe is sharing things. That, he's never shared before. And, you know, when you're on your healing journey, it's very, very, very tender. And. It might be easy to get in the booth. And express It through song. But when you sitting down And interviews And, you gotta have actual conversations about things.


That, you know, you've gone through Like. Joe has gone through. Not only does It re-trigger you, And re-traumatize, you I can see why. you know, It would set him off a little bit if he heard somebody laughing in the background, even if it's his homework. Oh, of course, For sure. Of course. And. And, when we talk about what he's been through in the interview, you guys have not watched It or Listen to in full. Please make sure you go And. Listen, he talks about overdosing three times, right? And one of those times. Damani T's son is actually the person who found him. And basically saved his life. He performed CPR. Let's take a listen of That. So Damani was doing CPR around know Who was he performed? CPR know he almost broke my chest. He know. He know how. Who CP Know when I, when I, when I got, when I was up, And I was came to I was Like. My chest is killing me. He was Like. S all I. Got you.


you gonna be dead. I. All That. How old was Damani? AT That age. He might have been 19. Wow. Okay. Might been And. you told Damani cpr. That. We all did. So back, you know, back 'cause 'cause my sister Precious, she I used to, she used to asthma tax all the time. And. So because she had amateur all the time, we And we she was living in the house with her. We never didn't want, you know, one of the kids actually somebody did, did walk in while she was having Anate. And didn't know what to do. And That. What prompted us to get everybody some CPR training? That's crazy 'cause I've been talking about That for a while. And. That's the reason I wanted to know. 'cause I'm Like. How did Damani know? CPR Like? There has to be a reason. I don't know. CPR. I'm sure Charlemagne doesn't do you know CPRP I was A flight attendant. So, you know, CPR.


Okay, now, just because you know your mouth, other people's mouths doesn't make It. CPR know You Know you was gonna say That, you wanna do mouth to penis resuscitation. That's what Vy will do. And. If I pass out And next studio. And. you going right below my belt, said And. you gonna go right below my belt? you, You took It below the Belt on your, whoa, whoa. He's up. He's up. What is the trick Doing you going on? Are you over there exploring some things we can't see First. Why, why would I see he started It. you Started You. know what you doing on That. Mic over started. That's fantasy I. I'm over here about to talk about really? you know, learning CPR Babe Mr because I You over there out of breath. That's what you need. You need to relax. I've done, I've done CPR And, the fake dummy thing before I. Don't know why. And I don't remember when though.


But I remember, you know, learning how to do It Know I, don't know I I gotta You Know a little Something. I gotta have my whole family learn just in case something happens when I'm not home. Or something happens to me with the kids. And T I was right. His the fact That, his whole family knows It is a great thing. you know, You know I need to touch up on. It's been a while. know we I do wanna say though, Dre was getting an outpouring of love as he should online. Monica's posted. We are all proud of you for sharing your story. And your sobriety with the World in hopes of saving lives. you have always been a talented force. Min can't see you. Min can't see what Min can't see you. But That, And, Oh, okay, sorry, y'all That, She talking about rap. know Like Min can't see him as a artist, is what she trying to say. She left the s off of That. So That confused me. Min can't see you, but that's another conversation.


Just know the home team is proud. So, you know, we all are, you know, really proud of Joe And as we were sitting in the interview. He's here for a reason still. So make sure y'all take a listen to the song. Check out the interview. And know the moment happened, but everything's all good. He's just, he just turning his trial into a testimony, man. A hundred. That's That, that's all It is he turning his trial into a testimony And. That's the, that's the beautiful thing of That moment, right? Even though That moment, you know, people Like the, the, the, the, the drama of It all. When I watched That clip on a lot of different places yesterday, they played the whole clip And, they played Dro still telling his testimony as we, right. you know, so even though you wa even though you might've tuned in 'cause you knew It was some drama, you still got to hear Joe's testimony. So, you know that's right. you know, that's how God works.


All right, we That is just with the mess with l And LaRosa. Now when we come back, we got front page news. Morgan Wood will be back And. Then Ricky Smiley will be joining us. So don't go anywhere. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast, Club Law. The Rosa Phil for Justin And. Let's get in some front page news now. Salute to the Yankees, And Mets. Both of them won yesterday. The Mets tied the series. One won. The Yankees lead won zero. Now, last night, And, Monday night Football, the Jets lost to the Buffalo Bills 23, 2 20. Now. What up, Morgan? Hey, hey. So what, what's up is That, you know, iHeart landed a really good or really big interview.


Vice President Harris will sit down for an interview with Charlamagne, the God in an effort to get black voters out to the polls. Now the radio interview is set to take place in Detroit, Michigan. Of course, it's a, a key swing state. That Harris would Like to see vote Democrat And Stay. Blue That interview is set for 5:00 PM Eastern And It will broadcast And stream on a hundred And 30 iHeart stations nationwide. So It makes you download That iHeartRadio app. Now, Charlemagne, are you excited about That? know I mean, you know, I look forward to talking to the, to, to the vp. you know, for folks who may be new here, Like, we, you know, we've been having conversations with the, with the, with, with the VP for a long time. Like, you know, when she was senator, she came to The, Breakfast Club in 2018 when she was running for president.


you know, she came to the Brooklyn Club in 2020 when she was vp, she was on my late night talk show. The God's Honest is True. So, you know, now That, she's running to be AT the top of the ticket. You If, you know, we sitting down having another conversation. And And. It's just not even just to get black people out the vocals. Let's not get It twisted, you know, black women And black men. We are the number one And, number two voting block for Democrats of, of all time. This is to get the, the white people, you know, en energized as we, because that's who we really need to show up. Also, And And people can also submit questions, right? Yes, you can go to the talk back feature on the iHeartRadio app. All you have to do is go to The Breakfast Club podcast on the iHeartRadio app. And, you tap the mic, record your questions for Kamala Harris.


Hitch sin And If. you might hear your voice during the conversation today. AT 5:00 PM Nice. Okay, so yesterday Harris was, she held a rally in Erie, Pennsylvania, where she went after former President Donald Trump for his comments on healthcare. Now, she said she want, she said That. He wants to get rid of the Affordable Care Act. AKA Obamacare adding That That would threaten health coverage for 45 million people. Let's hear from Harris in Erie, Pennsylvania. And, He has no plan to replace It. you guys watch the debate, right? He has quote concepts of a plan. I think in our collective opinion.


Certainly mine is, is is an unserious man. So The Democratic presidential nominee went on to say, That, these consequences of Trump ever being president again are brutally serious. He's an unserious man, but the consequences are brutally serious. Meanwhile, BP Harris sat down for an exclusive interview with Roland Martin, where she said the Biden Harris administration has done a lot for black Americans. She bo she spoke about how her policies And contrast to former President Trump or will impact black Americans. And, she bragged on the work she's done for black representation. Let's hear from VP Harris with Roland Martin Having the lowest black unemployment in, in recent history, the work That we have done. That has been about investing in black businesses.


The work That we have done. That has been about understanding the importance of having representation AT every level, including a black woman on the United States Supreme Court for the first time. Your vote does matter. It is because folks voted That. We have capped the cost of insulin AT $35 a month. That, we are on the path to doing what I intend to do, which is saying, That, your medical debt cannot be on your credit score. She went on to say her housing affordability plan will help generations of black families saying Black folks have been denied the chance for home ownership. Due to a number of reasons. She went on to say one of the main drivers is the neighborhoods are being systemically undervalued by real estate appraisers. Part of her plan also includes up to $25,000 in down payment assistance for first time home buyers, And.


She also spoke with Roland Martin about Trump's proposal to close the Department of Education saying That would hurt black children. Specifically Harris would also sit down for an exclusive interview with Fox News. Soon the network announced That. Brett Bayer will interview the presidential candidate. It'll air on Thursday, AT 6:00 PM Eastern from Pennsylvania, another key battleground state in this election. It'll be her first sit down interview with Fox Ever. And, of course, national polls have shown That a very tight racist between Harris And, former President Trump. So she is on a media blitz right now. Also, she's in the works with doing a interview with Joe Rogan, who is Like one of the number one podcasters And. He is a 14 million or something.


Like That followers. And know. So He, he's the, he's, he's the number one podcast. you biggest, you know, And And And. By the way, I love both of those press hits. Those are two press hits. That I specifically was saying, you know, she should have been, she should have did. She definitely should have went on Fox News know a long time ago. And mixed. It up And. She definitely should, she should definitely sit with with Joe Rogan. And I do wanna salute, man, you know, y'all should really go look up her, her plan for her, her, her blackmail agenda, because it's, it's a really good plan. And, you know, the, the only bad part about this plan is That. Everybody is going to think That. This is the reaction to the foolishness. That, president Obama said, said last week, but this is not Like. you know, Kamala, she's been doing That, kind of blackmail outreach for since day one.


know? Alright, we, let's bring things home to New York. Governor Kathy Hool, And, mayor Adams, they marched in yesterday's Columbus Day parade in New York City. Despite being indicted on federal charges, mayor Adams remains defiant in his ability to run the city, despite other's feeling he should step down. And. Of course, governor Kathy Hoel also said in the parade, That the parade gives a vote of confidence to Mayor Adams in cleaning house AT City Hall. Let's hear the comments from them yesterday. AT the parade. If, you could show me That input, then we could have That conversation. But if we just making this up, because It sounds good, And people didn't expect me to have this ability to continue to run this complex city. That's another thing. I had asked him to work to bring in new blood, And new people to help stabilize the city.


Calm It all down And. He's doing That. Yep, he's doing That. And. He's gonna say 10 toes down. And. He said he's not stepping down, but stepping up. And. That's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood. That's what Malik Yoba said too. Back in the day. we shut up, man. Remember when Malik shut up. Go ahead. Go ahead, Morgan, finish. Listen, That's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood. Follow me on social AT Morgan Media And for More News coverage. Follow AT Black Information Network. We will also air your interview with the VP tonight. So of course, download That free iHeartRadio app And. Visit BN news.com. Thank y'all. Do yourself a favor, And. Good luck. And. Google. Google Breakfast Club And, Google Malik Yoba saying he's stepping up. Yo, shut Up. know September 11th, 2000, you take That.


September 12th, 2019. Malik Yoba said he's not coming out, but he's stepping up. Ute to Malik. Yoba I hate you, man. I, I really hate him. Like, there's no reason How some of This stuff just come to him. Ali hate you. Gotta watch That interview. Salute to Malik Yoba, man. That's the homie. Salute And Malik Yoba, man. All right. When we come back, Ricky Smiley will be joining us. He has a new book, the Side Show, living with Loss, And Moving forward with Faith. you know, Ricky Smiley, comedian, actor, he has his own morning show. And. We gonna be talking to him next. All right. Mr The. Breakfast Club Board. The Breakfast, Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious.


Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is on maternity leave So long La Rosa is filling in And. We got a special guest in the Building. you about to mess up so many people heads 'cause they gonna be in they car. Like am I Listen More to the right station, right? You got the brother Ricky Smiley here. Welcome Brother. Man. Thank you for having me, man. How you feeling, man? I'm feeling good, man. It's a dream to be here. Stop. It I. I, bro. I, lay in the bed. And I. Sit here. And I. Just scroll. And, watch all y'all videos. I've been a fan for years. I I, I. Hold I. I. Want say something before we get started with the conversation? Man, I saw Ricky a couple weeks ago. I saw him in New Orleans. know AT, the Inspire Nola event. know And. I went up to him. And I said something. That. I'm gonna say now, I want to I want to publicly apologize. I was just about to ask That to, to Ricky Smiley because several years ago, I gave Ricky Smiley donkey the day because a, a, a radio executive asked me to know, And, you didn't deserve That, brother.


Thank you, And. So I told, when I saw you, I, I I told you That. you know, And, I wanted to say That again publicly, because I feel Like If. you, If you do something to somebody publicly. Absolutely That you don't agree with. you should publicly apologize for It. So I want to I wanna say That to everybody? All our listeners, I want I Want them to hear me say, That, you didn't deserve That. Now, I want apologize to you again. I, I, I, I. Appreciate That, man. The, the the the first time when you, when you walked up on me, man, your energy, man. The love And. The respect It. It takes a, you know, a, a big person. I You know That It was all part of the game because we have a mutual, one of your employees is one of my mentees. know who? Big Mac, Matt Mac, You. You. You. You, You You. know Max us as an intern. know, Know You, Know he still us as an intern.


And And know that's who He is. we I put him on stage. I'm the first one to put him on stage. That's dope. We'll talk about That. 'cause I put a lot of them on stage. If, you have a lot of comics there start. But I really appreciate That man. And, And don't feel no kind of way about It. I didn't take It personally, but you know, It takes a special kind of person to, to apologize. And, And stuff. Like, That, And, I thought nothing of It. Because if, if I thought anything bad, I wouldn't even be here. Alright. you know what I'm saying? I? Absolutely. But I I love you. I appreciate you, man. I think you doing a fabulous job. I met you. AT the White House. Yep. you know my Son. we, we see each other on the road every once in a while. you I, see you on the road as we can. Running You And. It's a pleasure meeting And. you Know, that's nice to meet you. That's right. we you got a new book out right now? Yes, sir. Side show. Yes, sir. Side show. Now talk about what, what's, what's, what's side show about, You know, the song Everybody apparently let the side show begin.


That's right. Hurry her about a sad clown. Right? My job as a professional comedian is to go on stage. And, make people laugh. And I lost my son about a year, And a half ago. It's been hard because the bills don't stop coming. I'm still a performer, right? I still have to go on stage. And I had to, to dig deep And get in some real deep therapy to get myself together so I can continue as a performer. 'cause if I worked If, you know, Amazon lifting boxes or, or delivering packages, that's one thing. But when your job is to make people laugh when you're crying on the inside with the trauma That I experienced, that's what the song sideshow talk about. See the Man with a broken Heart.


you can see That, he is sad. It hurts so bad. See, the girl who collect broken hearts, AT souvenir. It's, it's all about a clown in a circus performing, but dealing with stuff on the inside. I've watched you grieve out loud online. And. The only reason I don't, I, don't I. I don't Like That It has nothing to do with how you feel. know You know how people react. know And. When you already dealing with something, when you already dealing with trauma, And. Then you give It to people online, then they come If you. How does That, how do you deal with That? Oh. No, It. It didn't bother me. Charlemagne. My job was I had to help other people because the reason I was open with It is a lot of mothers out there. That lost their 18-year-old.


17-year-old, 16-year-old, 15 year. My son was 32. I had a couple. That had lost their 2-year-old. Right? Wow. And. These are, that's some of the things That I talk about in the book. It gives you glimmers of hope. And the glimmers of inspiration, even during our traumatic times. So my son was 32. we, this couple sitting out here crying, AT, my book signing And, their son was only two. Wow. And I could have lost my son AT two. But God allowed me to have 32 years. So you get a little gratitude from That


this election season. The stakes are higher than ever. I think The choice is clear in this election. Join me, Charlemagne to God for we the people in Audio Town Hall, where Vice President Kamala Harris, And, you live from Detroit, Michigan, exclusively on iHeartRadio. They'll tackle the tough questions, depressing issues in the future of our nation. We May not see eye to eye on every issue, but America, we are not going back. Don't miss this powerful conversation with Vice President Kamala Harris Today, AT 5:00 PM Eastern, 2:00 PM Pacific on the free iHeartRadio app, hip Hop Beat Station.


Hey, it's Mike And Ian. We're the hosts of How to Do Everything From NPRs. Wait, wait, don't tell me each Week we take your questions And. Find someone much smarter than us to answer them Questions. Like, how do you survive the Bermuda Triangle? How do you find a date inside the Bermuda Triangle? We can't help you, but we will find someone who Can listen to the How to Do Everything Podcast on iHeartRadio.


I Felt Too Seen, dragged. I'm NK And. This is Basket case. So I basically had what back in the day, they Would call a nervous breakdown. I was crying And. I was inconsolable. It was just very big. Sudden swaps of different Meds. What is wrong with me? Oh. Look. If, you gimme Therapy girl. Finally, a show for the mentally ill girlies on basket case. I talked to people about what happens when, what we call mental health is shaped by the conditions of the World we live in. Because If, you haven't noticed, we are experiencing some kind of conditions. That are pretty hard to live with. But If, you struggle to cope. The society That created the conditions in the first place will tell you there's something wrong with you. And It will call you a basket case. Listen to basket case every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


De Car Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was murdered. There are crooks everywhere you look. Now the situation is desperate. My name is Manuel Delia I am one of the hosts of Crooks Everywhere. A podcast That unearths the plot to murder a one woman. WikiLeaks definitely expose the culture of crime. And. Corruption. That. Were turning her beloved country into a mafia state. And. She paid the ultimate price. Listen to Crooks everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, I'm Dr. Maya Shanker. And. I'm a scientist who studies human behavior. Many of us have experienced a moment in our lives. That changes everything. A moment. That instantly divides our life into a before And, an after on my podcast, a slight change of plans. I, talk to people about navigating these very moments. The last couple of years has been the hardest season of our marriage for sure. I'm surprised our marriage survived. It. I think we both are I. Think we both Were barely holding on. Nothing compares to how hard this is. Their Stories are full of candor. Awe, And, hard one. Wisdom And. You'll hear from scientists who teach us how we can be More resilient in the face of change. True behavior change is really identity change. Every action you take is a vote for the type of person you wish to become. Listen to a slight change of plans on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


And, it's crazy. That. you can get gratitude from something. Like, That. If. you You know And. you start looking AT. It's a helpful too. The book is a helpful tool for people that's going through the grief process, because there's a lot of people out there, And, my book signing has been packed with people. That have lost their kids. How do you still believe? Right? you talk about losing your father. AT the age of six, right? And. Then you lose your, your son. How do you just not say, you know what? There is no higher power. How do you still remain focused? And still have belief. And still have hope. And still have all of That with going through the pain. That, you've gone through We. you know I grew up in Birmingham, man. So, you know, I got That. Old Southern Christian background. That's right. I went to Sunday school every Sunday. So I just have some, some strong belief. And a close relationship with God, because It was nothing in nobody to lean on.


I was in an apartment in Dallas, Texas by myself. you know, when I found out, That, my son passed And. I had a hour, And a half. I, had an hour to make It to the airport. Mm. And I'm packing a bag, And on the phone with my other kids. Let, letting them know what happened. Wow. And trying to get myself together. And, preparing myself to lead because my family needed me. If. you know, It didn't really hit me until a year later. Right? But AT, That time. My son has a mother. And a, a wonderful stepfather. So I had to protect them. I had to protect my mother, who was really close to my son because my mother, you know, recovering addict. My mother had 35 years clean.


Had to protect her because they had a real special relationship because she could identify with a struggle. Then I had to protect my other kids. I had two kids in college getting Ready to graduate college. you know, my daughter That got shot. She was a senior in college, getting Ready to graduate in Baylor. And. Then I had my son graduate in Alabama State. And. Then my oldest daughter. So just trying to get them And. Ben comes say, Hey, here's what happened. Brandon didn't make It. I need you to meet me. AT the house immediately. Just real calm. I need you to text me. Let me know. That, you're on your way. Text me when you just, all of That. I had to be calm. I had to be cool. I had to get in the car with my uncles who was crying.


I had to turn the radio on the R And B station. I had to turn on. Frankie Beverly And MAs And go from the airport to house. I'm comforting them, right? Because It reminded them of my dad's death. So I'm just a child man. That sat on the front row. And, watch my grandparents go through what they went through. And through my grandfather. I learned how to handle this situation because that's how my grandfather handled It. As we losing Somebody, especially someone so close, your son can It. It changes you. Did you ever AT first when you were trying to get to That? Like. I. I. Mean I. Guess I. Get through It. I. Don't know If. you ever get through It? Were you, were you afraid That when you got back on stage? That, first time That, Like. you just It wouldn't be the same. Like. Your ability to kind of push through And, make people laugh, wouldn't be the same. Nah. you know, one thing about funny It, don't change.


That's right. If you when you, you find something to laugh. AT, especially in trauma, know when your ass hit That stage. Man, them jokes come. Them jokes. Like. When you get somebody on the front row laughing. My first show was in Cleveland AT, the horror Casino. Mm. And I cried from the hotel all the way to the venue all the way backstage. Blew my nose, did Like That. Made sure my nose was clean. And walked on stage. And got them jokes. And cried after I got off stage. And, you know, I was calm. But I've been in therapy. I was getting therapy twice a week. So I was prepared to go on stage again. My son died on a Sunday, That Wednesday. I was back on the radio. And. They said, take as much time as you need. We either you lay in the bed, And, think about all of That, or you get your ass up, And, go do your morning show And.


Go do your radio show. Because all the mothers in Chicago, And in Columbia, And in Charleston, And in Atlanta, all over the country, their kids died. Too much is given. Much is required. you can't cancel the show. God put you in this position. And put you in a leadership position. And, you have to leave And. I still went to the Salvation Army. Like, I do on a regular basis. I fed the homeless with my son. Clothes in the car to go to the funeral home. That was a dark Wednesday. Wow. Wow. I, I'll never forget. you have to do It. All of this stuff. And. I. Don't want you to ever forget this. All of this stuff. Emmy is a test. It's a test. Our pastors been teaching us That for years. God is watching you through your struggles, through your trials, And, tribulations, And looking If.


you seeing how you gonna handle this? Are you gonna make It about you? Are you going to use this situation to help other people? But I was still smart enough to go ahead, And, get the help That I needed in the process. Because I had to get therapy because it's trauma. It's a bad car accident. All Right, we got More with Ricky Smiley, when we come back, don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. DJ And. dj. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The, Breakfast. Club. We're still kicking It with Ricky. Smiley. Charlamagne. How has It been Like? you know, 'cause when you write these books, you put a lot of, you know, you put your most vulnerable, deepest thoughts into these books. And, you gotta go out here. And, do this. Yep. you gotta have these conversations. know? How has how's That been for you?


I've gotten used to It. Okay. you know, once you know how It is, once you do one interview, you do another interview. you keep doing interviews. you just get accustomed to talking about It. And. Then you develop some really good talking points that's gonna help other people. Because what people been telling me is the feedback That I've been getting is, Hey, bruh, it's been helping me out. you know how many people walk up to me? And said, That. They lost a loved one. And. They can't talk about It, And just because they hear you on the radio every morning. Now they coming out to your book sign. I have people walking up crying. Almost 90% of the people That come out about the book, have suffered a loss. And can't talk about It. And do not go to therapy. So I've been promoting therapy, because when you roll your ankle, you don't pull out a Bible.


you go to the doctor. you go to the doctor. That's right. Absolutely. The muscle. The brain is a muscle. Just Like your ankle. Why is It That? We black folks has a, has a stigma. That, we won't go get help. That don't mean That. you crazy. you have to get somebody And. Talk to somebody that's gonna help you process those feelings. And emotions. Because you can go into depression, start affecting other organs in the body. Some people don't make It from their loss. They die. They die. you know? So We, a lot of times, people, you know, we, we've been taught as kids, you keep home, the home business in the house, right? you never really talk about what happens in inside your house. But Like, you said That winds up killing you. Absolutely. That, depression, That, anxiety, all those facts. All those feelings. Every Time you cry in me. Do you know that's Like popping the cap off of a pressure cooker.


you release him. know I cried this morning. know man I sat on I, sat on the side of my hotel bed. I was having some anxiety. I called a good friend of mine. She answered the phone. And, I heard her voice. I just started crying, bro, I just I. Just let It out. I just cried. I just needed to just cry. It was I. I felt It building up yesterday. And I just started crying. And the changing of the seasons, you know, That That affects you. you know? Did you ever think About just giving away, just stopping. you know, Like, I. Don't wanna do this anymore. Was That ever a mind? No. No, man, we, we got to save people, man. Listen, some have to die so others can live. you understand? you know, no cross, no crown, bro. We have to go through what we have to go through.


And. We have to talk about It. And. I'm just trying to break the generational curse of number one. Not talking about It. Not going, And getting therapy. And getting help. And to talk about drug addiction. I had a son, And a nephew, age 32, And, a niece. I had a niece, a son, a nephew, all died AT, age 32, within two years of each other. Can you talk a little bit about That? Like, just in real time when they were here, dealing with the addiction, And, trying to help them through It, And, Like. Also wanting them to get better. But addiction, understanding, That, Like, It kind of takes over where it's not Its. not even just them anymore. Like. It's kind of, know, it's a big beast. Know the only thing I regret. I didn't have a good understanding of the illness.


Because I had a, a niece, And, a nephew. That was cool. And calm, And respectful. We It didn't affect my son. That way, you know, my son would, would go off about stuff. you know, And It It damaged our relationship or whatever. 'cause I didn't understand Like You know, I'm your dad. you can't say That to me. you know, I'm driving around looking for you to fight you in the middle of the street. you know, I raised you I cooked food for you. you know, I'm saying, I, wash your clothes. you slept in the bed with me. When the thunder Like. Don't say That to me. you know? So I just didn't have a, a clear understanding of That. But I did everything I could to to, to save, to save his life. Would You do anything different as a, as a dad during any of those times? And, the reason I'm asking, you know, that's, you know, before I have sick, so I Like to, that's, That's a good question.


I wasn't tough on him. He was the one That, I caught. I was tough on my other kids. Like, I, Like. The other kids was Like. I was just really, really, really, really tough on them. And, he was the one. That. I just kind of coddled. And. And did everything for And. Took It. we, because That was my firstborn. I just wish That. I was tougher. You know That sounds strange because It sounds Like. Like should say I should have been easier on him. I was easy on him. I should have been tougher on him. Like I was the other kids. And Chapter 12 of your book, it's Let the Tears Fall. you said That It took you a year to, for, for all of this. To really Like hit, you know, what was That Day? Like when you were Like? Hmm. I'm feeling It. Like That. First time where It was Like man.


That, That. One year anniversary. A few days before That, one year anniversary. Man, It hit me. Like. He had just died. I had just got off the air. I was down in South Florida because I didn't want to be in the house for That one year anniversary. I just wanted to go get away. And man, It hit me, man. And I was I did some crying. And, I, I. Think It was a bad mistake for me to be there by myself. But I just kind of sat on a couch. And just cried pretty much for a couple of days. Like Like really cried, because the only difference was I didn't have a casket. And some flowers, And some condolences. I had all of That to keep me distracted. When It actually happened, I had to protect everybody. But That one year came in And. It was Like.


It was terrible. What about the chapter when addiction chases the bloodline? Was That difficult to write? 'cause you know, you gotta go through your whole generational lineage. know with That, was That a difficult chapter? Right? No. It wouldn't. It was just being, being open. And honest. My dad struggled. My mom struggled. I had wonderful grandparents. My granddad talked to me every day. Church, Sunday School, you know, Hey, here's a trumpet play That. Here's some piano lessons. Let's go do That. I did trumpet. Little league football did It. All my grandparents kept me busy with the discipline. And instruction talked to me every day. So, I didn't have to, I didn't have those issues, And. Then he always talked about how my dad died. So, don't do this. Mm. So I I just stuck with It.


And to this day. I don't drink or smoke. I always wonder how grief impacts people who lost their parents. AT a very, very, very young age. Does It hit you later in life? Do you see somebody out with their parents? And, And. And. It hit you. Like. What is It? It did when I was, when I was a kid. But what hurt me about my dad's death was watching my grandparents cry. Like, That on the front row. I'm in therapy for That. Wow. That comes up in therapy. That That wipes me out. Wow. That wipes me out. More than my son's death. Why? I'm a grandmama's baby. Like. you understand, you from the South watching my grandparents cry. Like That on their front row, man, I, I, I. Can't get over. It know, even when my grandparents died, the only thing I I could think about, their casket was in the same spot my dad's casket was.


The only thing I could think about was them crying on, on That front row. April the 11th, 1974. Wow. I will never forget. It man, It, It, It. It just It. Tears my soul outta my body. I can deal with my son's death. But that's, that's what I struggle with More than anything. Wow. And. That's why I didn't cry. AT my son's funeral, because my granddaughter was watching me. And. I, don't her. Oh. you didn't wanna traumatize her. Like, That, Like, That. Wow. know dang boy know about cry. you gotta sitting up here talking about this, because we about to all start crying because You Know. I wanna you. We We. Let's talk about something else for a second. If, you put on a lot of comedians. Ricky And, I. Think That coming from the South. Right? I. Don't think people realize how big you are sometimes. Like this, you know what I'm saying? Like. I. Don't think they realize how much money you got. Number one.


But also I. Wish. How rich you are. And. Just how big you are. And, I, And, I. Think it's, it's a, it's almost a stigma with comedians from the South. Like. They don't get to respect That. They deserve I. Think I. Just do It for the love of the art. Charlamagne, envy, I. Remember cussing D Ray Davis out snatching the drink outta his hand because he was too young to be drinking. Hey, gimme That. you know, I had a little comedy club back in Birmingham know, called the Cornerstone. Know. So I would have Like D Ray, Corey, Holcomb. Corey Homan was Like. Hey man, I ain't never been outside. The Chicago I was Like. Okay, cool. Let's go on the road. you know, I would take those guys on the road. Corey, Holcomb, d Ray, Davis, a lot of them, man, That, That, Tyler. Some of them have passed away. you know, I would just take 'em on the road. And help 'em, because that's what Steve did for me.


you know, nobody have to, don't nobody have to fool. you know what I'm saying? Some people can just ignore you. Steve was one of those guys. Man. That was helping in training coming down. I started November the 13th, 1989. Wow. That's the first time I went on stage. I met Steve before he did. Showtime, AT, the Apollo. Steve's anointed man. Oh, my God, Oh, okay, we nobody, you know, after the show, he said Follow. He said, follow this car right here. I followed him back to his hotel room. I sat on the edge of the bed. And took a little notepad, And a pencil. And. He lectured me for about two hours. But That was something. That was life changing. I. we old Move, got More with Ricky. Smiley. When we come back, it's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ And v Jess.


Hilarious. Charlemagne, the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren La Rosa is filling in for Jess And. We're still kicking in with Ricky Smiley. Lauren. Now you were talking about Steve Harvey And, how he gave you opportunities. I wanna know, who do you do That for That. I mean? 'cause you talk a lot about people. That, you mentor And. That, you help. But Like, who's somebody? That. you do That for? That. Like, we might not know about That. Might have started in your clubs are just unknown And now. It's Like taking over. Comedy wise. Oh man, Lil Duval was somebody. That I. That I have a real good relationship with That. I was doing some, you know, mentorship. Because remember, I was the host of Coming View in 2000. That's We. you was a lot of people mentored just by being on That show, right? know, right? That's what, that's what 85 South said. know 85 South know.


They told me That know I saw That. I'm tripping. Like Like. Carlos Miller was Like, Oh, Bru, I. I met you when I was 14 years old. you was in a hotel. I got excited. I'm hearing these stories. And stuff, man. Not realizing the impact on comedy. 'cause I'm on BE T Monday through Saturday. Right? Like, when, when Comic View really blew up. It was in Atlanta, And. Then I hosted again, Charlemagne in 2004. And. Then the year after 2000, 2001, I had my own little TV show. The way we do It. That was the first time, you know, And I was doing all these characters, And, all these voices, And, And, And, all this kind of stuff. So when comics needed help, And needed mentorship. I would always, you know, Hey, dress nice. Hey, stop cursing.


Does That curse word make That joke funny? Or are you cursing just to be cursing? That's a real thing. I just had That conversation with a comic. I said, Hey man, you curse too much. The cursing is not making the joke funnier. But if the curse word is a part of the punchline, And, then use It. I said, because it's Like I. Give the onion example. Like It Like. you eat an onion. It's nasty, but If, you take It And chop It up, And saute, It And. Put some flour on It. And. you still eating the onion, but you can't taste It. That's right. And. Just an analogy. That I use with comic And. I. Make them redo the joke. And, they Like. Damn, you did the same joke. And got the same laugh. Got a bigger laugh. 'cause people are not offended right Now. Now, there was a, a rumor That in your contract, It said, That, you had to wear a dress.


Oh. Man, I'm pay That stuff. Don't God damn, man. you ain't, you should have put you, you just bitten to the onion. you ain't put no fly on you, you ain't or nothing. Goddamn damn And. So, so, so, so I I. Then I started doing comedy. 89, man, you think there's a contract somewhere? I'm just messing with you. I. You knew It. Oh You know It That. That didn't bother me. What bothered me was was people believed It You know They did. Because it's always been That thing about the wear the dress, the not wear the dress, The it's comedy know. Listen, it's comedy. I grew up watching Flip Wilson know Flip Wilson is the greatest of all time. you And And, And, right? When you laughing AT Little Wilson, he turned around And do Geraldine, me And my Grand.


I'm gonna sit there And, watch That with my grandmother. My characters came. Man. I was doing prank phone calls on the radio. I was doing Bernie, Jenkins, And, whoever would've thought a character. That you do on the radio, calling funeral homes, And, all this stuff, turning into a character. And, somebody ask you to play the character in a movie. you know, It is funny. That, all That stuff is, is, is taboo. Now you felt Like. He was clearing the record on Shea, because I think he or was It. That. He, he was supposed to play a role. Money. you said If. you was supposed to be Money Mike or something. Like That know. we We. I did I. When I went out there, I auditioned for That part. And. I. That's what I really auditioned for. I didn't audition for the Santa, if I'm not mistaken, the Santa Claus role was supposed to be for, what's his name? He played in the first Friday. The comedian That passed away. Oh.


Oh Oh. aj aj AJ Johnson. AJ Johnson know AJ Johnson. I. Think AJ Johnson was supposed to play the sign. And. This is what, what I heard or whatever. And. They put me in That role because AT, That time I was on BE. T, And, And stuff. Like That. But I did audition for It. That's what I went out there. And read for my manager. AT, the time came on. The air cleared. That up. we Cube. Cube clarified It too. Absolute If. you, you said That, you did audition for money, Mike. Right? But when they saw how you moved, they thought you'd be better for Santa Claus. Exactly. You You know. So know And. I don't have no, have no beef. I love everybody. If there is an opportunity to resolve the rap beef And stuff with rappers getting killed, I don't want comedy to ever come to That. you know, And, that's not what I do.


That's not how I was raised. you know, we from the South. That's right, And. We just don't, we don't, we don't do That. What do you, what do you love? More. Standable Radio. Oh. God damn. That's a good question. Radio don't give you butterflies. Radio is just sitting here Like right now. I'm comfortable. It's cool. Or whatever. Standup gives you a little bit of anxiety because you got to perform. you got to go out there. People paid money to see you perform. But my standup is, has been great. I'm, I'm probably funnier than I've ever been. I got a special coming out. We in negotiation with Kevin Hart right now to release a comedy special I love That for you You know I. Haven't done, done a comedy special in Like. 12 years. Wow. But it's funny as hell.


It look good. It's gonna be funny. It's gonna be all over the place. Recently shot stuff know. Just recently shot It. Okay. know I paid for It, myself, And I just went on stage. And killed they ass. So I'm, I'm really excited about That And. What Made you I mean? Kevin Hart's Kevin Hart. But a lot of people go to Netflix too. Like. How did you decide where you were gonna, who was gonna house It? We, we gonna, we gonna see, we in negotiation now because I just did an interview with Kevin Hart. And. He asked me about his I was Like. I just shot one. I said, you want to, you wanna present It? Okay, So you still shopping? And That started, started. That know. Got you You know. He's a good friend of mine. I absolutely love him. Great dude. Oh great dude. Kevin man, Jamie Fox. All of them have been good to me my whole career. I didn't I didn't know Eddie Murphy was a fan.


That I met Eddie Murphy, AT his house or whatever, went over there. One day, I had a meeting with Tracy Edmonds. I think they were dating AT the time. And. She said, ed, play your prank phone calls around house. I'm Like you lying. Are you, are you serious? And I ended up going over there. And, there was some comics over there. And. We had barbecue chicken, collard greens, cornbread, macaroni, And, cheese. All damn It was Like. We had some real soul food. And And. That was my first time eating Eddie Murphy. Man, And. That was, That was a pleasure. So That, when you get to do stuff, Like, That And. I'm on tour with Martin Lawrence right now. So that's my big brother. So, you know, the funny thing is, you talk Like. you not one of you, not one of them know Like. you Like you, you in That conversation, I.


I'm just, I'm just, just humble man. I'm, I'm still Like I kind of still feel Like. I'm kind of Like. Just still young And in the game because I feel young. And in the game. And I You know I'm a little older. And stuff. And And trying to coach younger comics. And. I. Just kind of sit back. And not try to do too much, but I, just try to make sure when I do, do something, That is special. And That is awesome. And That is funny. And, my karaoke nights sell out faster than my comedy show. My co-host has Down Syndrome. And. What? What my co-host Big Chris has Down Syndrome And. He is the funniest damn person. If. you look AT my camera. you can see him. Huh? you can see no I was sitting here. Try not to laugh.


I was gonna ask you, you this election season. The stakes are higher than ever. I. Think The choice is clear in this election. Join me, Charlamagne to God for we the people in Audio Town Hall with Vice President Kamala Harris. And. you live from Detroit, Michigan, exclusively on iHeartRadio. They'll tackle the tough questions, depressing issues. And the future of our nation. We May not see eye to eye on every issue, but America, we are not going back. Don't miss this powerful conversation with Vice President Kamala Harris. Today. AT 5:00 PM Eastern, 2:00 PM Pacific. On the free iHeartRadio app, hip Hop Beat Station.


Hey, it's Mike And Ian. We're the hosts of How To Do Everything From NPRs. Wait, wait. Don't tell me each Week we take your questions. And. Find someone much smarter than us to answer them Questions. Like, how do you survive the Bermuda Triangle? How do you find a date inside the Bermuda Triangle? We can't help you, but we will find someone who can Listen to the How to Do Everything Podcast on iHeartRadio.


I Felt Too seen, dragged. I'm nk And. This is Basket case. So, I basically had what? Back in the day, they would call A nervous breakdown. I was crying And. I was inconsolable. It was just very big. Sudden swaps of different Meds. What is wrong with me? Oh. Look. If, you gimme therapy girl. Finally, a cha for the mentally ill girlies on basket case. I. Talk to people about what happens when what we call mental health is shaped by the conditions of the World we live in. Because If, you haven't noticed, we are experiencing some kind of conditions. That are pretty hard to live with. But If, you struggle to cope. The society That created the conditions in the first place will tell you there's something wrong with you. And It will call you a basket case. Listen to basket Basketcase every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Dene car Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was murdered. There are crooks everywhere you look. Now the situation is desperate. My name is Manuel Delia I am one of the hosts of Crooks Everywhere. A podcast That unearths the plot to murder a one-woman. WikiLeaks definitely exposed the culture of crime. And corruption. That were turning her beloved country into a mafia state. And. She paid the ultimate price. Listen to Crooks everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, I'm Dr. Maya Schenker. And. I'm a scientist who studies human behavior. Many of us have experienced a moment in our lives. That changes everything. A moment. That instantly divides our life into a before And, an after on my podcast, a slight change of plans. I, talk to people about navigating these very moments. The last couple of years has been the hardest season of our marriage. For sure. I'm surprised our marriage survived. It. I think we both are I. Think we both were barely holding on. Nothing compares to how hard this is. Their stories are full of candor. Awe, And, hard one wisdom And. You'll hear from scientists who teach us how we can be More resilient in the face of change. True behavior change is really identity change. Every action you take is a vote for the type of person you wish to become. Listen to a slight change of plans on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


Like It. Can we laugh? If? you guys stupid. you can see It on my goodness. Chris took me to the cemetery. He I. Think he had a cousin. That died. He took you to the cemetery because You know somebody had died. And, we was AT the wrong grade. But I just let him let him. I ain't wanna tell him. That, we was AT. AT. Paul Bear Bryant grave. So I had to get him back to the car. And took him. And got got him something to eat. And, take him home. Ricky Smiley ladies. And gentlemen. Grief is grief, man. He got It out either. Either way, Chris got It out. Pick up his book. Side Show is out right now. Oh, my God, you, we appreciate you for joining us. Brother. you And. Don't be a stranger, man.


you could come up here anytime. you would tell I come back. My goodness. Oh man, you ladies, And. Gentlemen. It is Ricky Smiley. That is me. Bring big Chris up here. She's single. And she, she's looking you single If. you surprised right? Know. How old are you? 32. Damn. What? Not. you sit back down. What's your Number on my phone? Ricky Smiley. Side, side show we got right now. And. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning boy. you should hate yourself. you I hate. you yell. I. Missed The joke. What Y'all say? I hate you. We. you yell out It. It's a room full of people in here. And. And with me. And Detroit And. They all heard. Exactly. It's A room full of people. All he see is you. What you yell out. Envy.


Tell the people We are The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning everybody. Let's get to Jess with the mess with Lauren And. LaRosa is real weather. Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't nobody We I. Just World mess on The. Breakfast Club. The coaches Lauren, Lauren Osa, And I got the Talk to me. We, guys, another day, another Diddy lawsuit. So today, as of today, there have been six lawsuits filed out of That. A hundred And 20 group lawsuit thing.


That was supposed to happen on behalf of Tony Busby. And, his legal offices. That's the attorney. That held That. Big press conference. Basically telling people, you know, If, you've had any issues with Sean Combs or anyone related to him to give them a call. 'cause they would represent you. So in these filings, these six filings, there are two women. That filed as Jane Doe And. There are four men. That filed as Jane Doe. Now one, one of the women That filed says That. She was on the set of biggie's. One More chance video. When her head was, she alleges her head was slammed against the wall. And. Then she was allegedly raped. The second woman says she was one of two women who were sexually assaulted, allegedly by Diddy after a photo shoot for his group, the Ban And, she alleges That.


She was made to perform oral sex or she was threatened. That, she would be killed. Now in another lawsuit, there is a man That claims. He was working for Echo clothing line back in 2008. And, he knew Diddy kind of in passing because Diddy AT the same time was building And. The marketing. Sean John. Now in May, 2008, this man is claiming That. He ran into Diddy in three, three bodyguards in the stock room of Macy's flagship store in New York. And as someone pistol whipped him from behind. So they pistol whipped the back of his neck. And, he fell to his hands, And knees. He then says, he then claims That. Diddy approached him. And said, I. Don't think I could say this. Let See what can I. No. What is It is It. Technical is It. Criminal terms. You can say SMD Oh.


Diddy approached him. And said SMD. Echo. He called him Echo because that's the brand. That the homie. He allegedly Worked. He Called Echo know. The guy was working for the clothing line Echo know. So Diddy allegedly approached him. And said That. And. Then You gave him a nickname. Know he called him the clothing line. And he was working for 'cause they were competing brands is what the lawsuit says. Oh And. Then this man alleges That Diddy brutally orally raped him. Jesus. Now in another lawsuit In Macy's, In the stock room, allegedly he's stupid man. In another lawsuit, a man claims That. He was working for, he was working security for Diddy's 2006 White party And. He alleges That. When he got there, he had a drink. And That. The drink was laced with either GBH or And ecstasy.


He also alleges That Diddy, after, you know, he started to get disoriented a bit, forced him into a van, overpowered him. And allegedly sexually assaulted him. He inserted his male private area into the man's behind area. And. Sodom I can say, Lemme see. Can I say this one? If. you can say That word. And sodomized him. Allegedly. This man also alleges That. The rape resulted in I. Can can I say, lemme see. This is what results from two, two people interacting sexually. Charlamagne love That. Go ahead. Okay, so this man also alleges That. The rape resulted in semen leak leaking out of his body. Now, another man you I thought Raping You.


you trying to be funny? What? What are you, you I hear you little I hear you little comments. you can't know. Shut up. Because if That was, if she was talking about women, you wouldn't be making these little sn remarks. Nobody ever takes It serious when it's a man we can't see. Continue on. you can't See, you know, see certain words, That. you Can't say you can't see in a Skyy box. So you gotta let us know. If you all right over there. Go Ahead. Continue on. Okay, so another man alleges That. He went to a, a Diddy party in October, 2021. He became oriented, disoriented. After one drink, allegedly And, the room started spinning. He says, next thing you knew, he woke up in a bedroom. And. He felt paralyzed. He alleges That. Three men sexually assaulted him through sodomy. And, other forced acts. He says, allegedly That. He distinctly recalls seeing Diddy naked, above, naked, above him during one part of the assault.


It's not funny, Lauren. It's not funny, but you I. This Is, you see what I'm saying? Can't you? I'm you, you, when It comes to me, it's envy. Nobody takes you Serious. No, you don't see how envy is sitting in here. And. Look, Like. I'm trying not. Look, look AT him. See you. I'm glad you can't. 'cause he is making this little disgusted. I'm disgusted. You I. Don't know what is going on with your face. Don't look AT me. So, Diddy's attorneys. I'm sorry. Wait. There's one More minute, And. I'll talk about Diddy's attorney's response. Jesus. So Diddy's attorneys are, are responding to all these, these different allegations. But there's one last person, a 16-year-old, or a man who says he was 16 years old. AT the time when he went to a Diddy White party in the Hamptons And. This is back in 98. Now. He alleges he was there. Him And Diddy took a photo together. The photo is in the lawsuit.


They're just standing in all white And, the middle of Like A looks, Like Like a lawn or something. He says, That him. And Diddy during the party stepped away to have Like More of a private conversation. Because this person AT the time, was trying to work in music. And. He says That, he alleges That. Diddy was telling him stuff. Like. This guy has the right look for the industry. He can be made a star with Diddy's help And. Then he claims That Diddy allegedly told him to drop his pants so he can inspect his private areas. Now he says That Diddy allegedly said to him, this is a rite of passage. Something he had to do in order to break into the industry. The man says That. He then dropped his pants. And, he alleges That Diddy began to cup And. Squeeze And. This was expecting penises was crazy.


This was a don't make any sense. That's Insane know. Now Diddy's, Diddy's team is firing back. AT. This And. They're saying That, all of this is BS That. This is all being done, including That. Big press conference. That, Tony Busby's team had, this is all being done to garner publicity. And, they're saying in court the truth will prevail. And, That, Mr Combs has never sexually assaulted anyone. Adult or minor, man or woman. Oh. This is great. you know, it's you. That day. Another did, But That. But that's the same thing they said when the, when the, the, when Cassie made her allegations. you know, Diddy has never done x, y, And, Z And. Then a video drop. you know what I'm saying? But, But how, but what's the statute of limitation when It comes to assault? 'cause you said the one dude was, or one person was assaulted And.


The one More chance video, which was 1994, right? That was a woman. A woman. So That was 30 years. So the statute of limitation is never over when It comes to those things. I'm just curious. 'cause I thought I, I saw is Difference, wasn't there Like an act or something? That allowed for a lot of these cases. I thought That was for sexual assault, not for just regular assault. 'cause she said I, I'm not sure, said she was raped. Oh sexual assault as we Oh. Wow. She Said she was raped. I can I can I Also do wonder about, go ahead. I wonder about the, the, the, the man in the stockroom too. 'cause if this man got pistol whipped from the back, And penis whipped in the mouth, And the stockroom And Macy's. There should be camera footage, right? Because there's camera, there's cameras in these stock rooms, right? It should be in a Macy's know, not a know in a stockroom, And, a Macy's know. But if they still have the footage for 30 years ago, that's a long time. Like. Some of these cases.


Like, the guy That said somebody put something in his drink. Oh That is true. Like, how would they know? Like? They don't have That drink from 30 years ago to test, to see if, if something was actually in his drink. It's just, it's hearsay. A lot of It, you know. So, so the Macy's, the Macy's case was from 30 years ago. Know the Macy's case. Let me go through all the cases. The Macy's case was in It had to be when Echo was popping. And It had to be Like 20 years ago. Right? He said this was May, 2008. May, 2008. Yep. He said he was working for Echo clothing line in 2000. And eight, when he ran into That, lasts 15 years. know he ran into them in the, the stockroom. I. Wonder if they keep the, the, the footage And things. Like That for That. Long I wonder. I don't know how you prove any of this, but I did. It was, It was, to me, I was wondering, Like of all a hundred And, 20 people.


How do you know That this six are the first to file. So I did reach out And ask That question without actual evidence. Right? 'cause you, you would need hard evidence to see what It was. you Right know I. I did reach out to Tony Busby team to ask That question. Just because I'm trying to understand More of That as We too. So If, you know, tomorrow we'll be back with More And. I We. What did he say? Fill the name. He hasn't gotten back to me yet. He responded. know his team hasn't gotten back to me yet. Yes know. Alright. All right. we thank you for just with the mess with long And roll. So Charlamagne I need a Wall right here? Yes. Who you giving That donkey to? We need Cobb County Sheriff Craig Owen And senior to come to the front of the congregation. We Like to have a word with him. Please. Alright, We'll get to That next. So don't go anywhere. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning you. Execution on the donkey of the day is something to go hold. Is It a read?


He gave me Donkey of the Day. And I deserve the you need to know we, you need to tell them I am because you have the voice. Tell Them it's time for Donkey of the Day. It's a read. But you're so good. It If. you trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne you only one Charlemagne Charlamagne Damn Charlamagne. Who you give donkey today to Now We sexy red Donkey today for Tuesday, October 15th goes to a Cobb County sheriff named Craig Orange. Senior. Now I want the record to show That I believe in body cameras on police officers. Why do I believe in body cameras on police officers? Because of transparency. And evidence. Okay, body cameras provide an objective record of police interactions with we the people. Okay?


Which can help build trust. And accountability or It can make us distrust officers More. Because oftentimes we see police doing us dirty on the body. Cameras And, there's still no accountability. Even though as I said before, body cameras are supposed to serve as evidence. Because body camera footage can be used to verify witness And officer testimony And as evidence in criminal cases. But More often than not, the footage doesn't lead to anything happening to officers criminally. Okay, It helps folks get paid in civil cases sometimes. You know what? I just changed my mind. I have no idea why I believe in body cameras. But I would rather police officers wear them anyway. But today is a prime example of why body cameras don't really change anything because some police officers simply don't care. And Craig Owen Sr.


Is an officer who doesn't care because Craig Owen Sr. Is an abuser of power. Okay? He is going to abuse That power regardless of who's watching And. That's exactly what Craig Owen Sr. Did abuse power. See, abusers always want to have It their way. And, one of the greatest places to have It your way is Burger King is That still Burger King slogan. you have to forgive me. Y'all was born in 1900, And 78. So when I think my way, I think Burger King. Frank Sinatra, And Usher. So kids If, you have no idea what uncle's currently talking about. Ask your mother, And your father, but have It your way was the slogan for Burger King back in the day? I don't know what Burger King's slogan is now, but Craig Owens senior is an old head, a sheriff who abused his power because he went to Burger King And.


He was highly upset. That. He couldn't have things his way. See Craig Owen And senior went to Burger King And. He ordered a whopper. No mayonnaise cut in half. And, we Burger King got his order wrong. And, after Burger King got his order wrong. This is what Sheriff Craig Owen Senior decided to do. Let's go to WSB T, T v Atlanta for the report. Please. You Are watching from the vantage point of three Cobb County deputies who showed up after Sheriff Craig Owens called them to Burger King. Hey, Do me a favor. All I need is the owner name. And, whoever owned this damn facility. Other the manager, He tells the deputies Burger King staff got his order wrong. I wanna order her ER with no Mayo cut in half.


Right? Three deputies go to the door. And, they were so concerned. That, they lock the doors. Staff give the deputies names And. They bring It out to the sheriff. The video is from 2023. Sheriff Craig Owens is running for reelection this year. And, his opponent, David Cavender first posted It online overnight. I think It is an abuse of power. McDonald Enger is running as chief Deputy And called It intimidation. And a waste of resources If I don't get ketchup on my whopper, do I get to call police officers with sirens? The sheriff argues he never told staff his position in power. And never asked deputies to do anything they would not do for anyone else. I didn't Tell you who I would? No. I just told him.


It was the guy out in the Truck if he did That for Burger King. Imagine what he would do for Chick-fil-A sheriff Craig Owen senior went to Burger King ordered a whopper. No mayonnaise cut in half. And when they got his order wrong, he called back up. He called his deputies to pull up to get the manager's information. There's nothing I love More than the audacity of humans. We are a ridiculous species. Okay? No wonder aliens hide from us. you know how when you don't want to be seen, you don't wanna speak to nobody, you just try to creep in. And creep out. Try to stay low. That's how extraterrestrials treat us. And I. Don't blame them. Okay? This is the sheriff, the boss, the chief law enforcement officer. If aliens came back, And said, take me to your leader. This is one of the people they would take them to.


And Cobb County. Okay? This man is a chief law enforcement officer for a county And. He didn't get his whopper. No Mayo cut in half. So he called his deputies Cobb County. Y'all must be the safest place in America. Okay? If this is a pressing issue for your sheriff, I mean there must not be no real crimes being committed. And, Cobb County ca Capstone climb trees anymore. Nobody Pig got out the PenFed. No goats wandering to Cobb County streets. Huh? you mean to tell me That things are so sweet in Cobb County, That, an officer can call deputies to a Burger King just so he can get the manager's name because they didn't get his order right. This man done traumatized the whole staff of Burger King employees. They And the Burger King locking the door scared to death.


'cause they don't know why y'all coming in here. So deep And. Y'all coming in there deep because your leader didn't get a whopper. No mayo cut in half. Even ask for cheese, bro. You know why you didn't ask for cheese too. Because you lactose intolerant Like me That cheese will bring you bows to a complete stop. And give you a little dairy pimple or two. So I, feel your pain. And I really don't have anything left to say here, except for let's play a game of guess what race today. Alright, Cobb County Sheriff Craig Owen Senior called his deputies for backup because he didn't get his whopper. No Mayo cut in half. DJ Envy. Guess what? Racing race. What's his name again? Craig Owen. Senior. Hmm Hmm.


That's the middle one. Craig. Hey Craig, let's go White. Lauren LaRosa. Cobb County Sheriff Craig Owen senior called his deputies for backup because he didn't get his whopper. No Mayo cut in half. Guess what Ra I think I'm go white too. We DJ Envy And. Lauren LaRosa I am here to tell you That, both of you are absolutely positively a hundred percent wrong. Wow. See the senior sheriff Craig I don't know. Huh? I. The senior I was Like That. That sounds very I felt.


Southern Baptist I feel Like. Black people would've went to probably Like Chick-fil-A McDonald's Burger King. Show the Spot. First of all, nah, I didn't tell you what he is Yet. Oh you right, you're right, you're right. you back. Sheriff Craig Owen Sr. Is black And down Down. But this clearly We another moment. Okay, niggas going, please give Sheriff Craig Owen senior the biggest hee-haw. Please Let tell You something about Sheriff Craig Owen. S senior. He's up for reelection. Go And. If I'm in Cobb County, I'm not reelecting him until You know the rest of his order.


Okay? A whopper cut in half with no mayo is great. But back in the day, I would get an original chicken sandwich from Burger King with cheese. Okay? Fries, And a chocolate milkshake. Whoppers hit too. Okay? But before I was lactose intolerant, I would get That Whopper with cheese. Okay? Extra pickles. All right Fries. The chocolate milkshake. Milkshake. I actually used to Like. Onion rings. Onion Rings. know And the onion ring sauce. Know I. Don't Like the long chicken sandwich. The long chicken sandwich makes It Like a Like a whole Heap. That is, that's the original chicken S that's I'm talking about chicken sandwich. Don't Like That put little cheese. I'm talking about Also cats. Cats do still get stuck in trees. I was looking It up. Oh really? That Was one of Harlem And You dip In Harlem. Cat stuck in a tree for five days in Harlem.


Damn. you gotta dip those fries in the milkshake too. That's some people get a Hershey pie. Some people get onion rings. know some people get the, the chicken fries. I have to hear a person's whole order. So I would encourage the good folks of Cobb County to find out what Sheriff Craig Owens senior whole order is before you cast your votes in the next election. Alright? That's my advice to you. we Thank you for That Donkey today, sir. And And. That. And That. That's crazy. you Like That. That original chicken sandwich was banging though, right? Yes. It was absolutely Describe It again. What'd you say? Chicken. You said something up. know everybody heard It in the room. All said, all the guys in the room looked up. And. you said It. you said, you Said long. you And be long. You did. you said That. I just told you what you said. Go every, you Said It. Dr.


Alfie Breland Noble will be joining us. you Probably holding It with two hands On you. Why you can't say long What I said you Basket weaving That original chicken sandwich, don't you? The long the wrong with you And It. Truth the long hair. Why the long you basket weaving is That? Yours is That. What you, you do Weave in That original chicken sandwich. Tell the truth bro. What does That mean? That. Why You single? That's why you, You T Google It. Google It. I'm about, that's why you single And. That's crazy. Me And him said It. AT. The same time. Google It Dr. Re Lenova will be jealous. We'll talk to her next. It's The. Breakfast Club. Morning. It's to draw artwork. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess.


Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We have Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess And. We have our sister in the building. Hold on. I just gotta do overcoming season I just gotta make her feel comfortable. Ladies, And. Gentlemen, here we go. We have Dr. How Good Morning. Good Morning. I'm gonna say good morning. Even though you pulled That helmet out, it's all good. This Is a Hampton University helmet. What I gotta do with Howard. Thank You. Thank you Charlemagne. you, it's because They be having the Oh. you don't know this 100 you, you too You know about the robbery, but I don't understand what they gotta do with I. Just 100 you to know what It is. Just 'cause they name changed a couple times. So I'm just, you know. Now they you Oh Like 88. They was H I U And something. H I U It was H Hi, sorry. It was H I.


This is messing up my mental right now. How you feeling? I'm great. I'm great. I'm great. It's all love HBCUs. That's right. All HBC, we, we Fresh off the fourth annual Mental Wealth Expo, couldn't do It without Dr. Alfie Breland Noble. Dr. Alfie Breland. And Noble was absolutely positively the brains behind the whole operation. She puts everything together. Okay. All I do is answer a couple text messages here. And there. Don't you do That, we you tell Tell people


this Election season, the stakes are higher than ever. I. Think The choice is clear in this election. Join me, Charlemagne, the God for we the people in Audio Town Hall, where? Vice President Kamala Harris, And, you live from Detroit, Michigan, exclusively on iHeartRadio. They'll tackle the tough questions, depressing issues. And the future of our nation. We may not see eye to eye on every issue, But America, We are not going back. Don't miss this powerful conversation with Vice President Kamala Harris Today, AT 5:00 PM Eastern, 2:00 PM Pacific on the Free iHeartRadio app, hip Hop beat Station.


Hey, it's Mike And Ian. We're the hosts of How to Do Everything From NPRs. Wait, wait. Don't tell me each Week we take your questions And. Find someone much smarter than us to answer them Questions. Like, how do you survive the Bermuda Triangle? How do you find a date inside the Bermuda Triangle? We can't help you, but we will find someone who can Listen to the How To Do Everything Podcast on iHeartRadio. I Felt Too Seen, dragged. I'm nk. And. This is basket case. So I basically had what? Back in the day, they would Call a nervous breakdown. I was crying And. I was inconsolable.


It was just very big. Sudden swaps of different meds. What is wrong with me? Oh. Look. If, you gimme therapy girl. Finally, a chauffeur. The mentally ill girlies on basket case. I. Talk to people about what happens when what we call mental health is shaped by the conditions of the World we live in. Because If, you haven't noticed, we are experiencing some kind of conditions. That are pretty hard to live with. But If, you struggle to cope. The society That created the conditions in the first place will tell you there's something wrong with you. And It will call you a basket case. Listen to Basketcase every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


De Car Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was murdered. There are crooks everywhere you look. Now the situation is desperate. My name is Manuel Delia I am one of the hosts of Crooks Everywhere. A podcast That unearths the plot to murder a one-woman. WikiLeaks definitely expose the culture of crime. And. Corruption. That. Were turning her beloved country into a mafia state. And. She paid the ultimate price. Listen to Crooks everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, I'm Dr. Maya Shanker And. I'm a scientist who studies human behavior. Many of us have experienced a moment in our lives. That changes everything. A moment That instantly divides our life into a before And, an after on my podcast, a slight change of plans. I, talk to people about navigating these very moments. The last couple of years has been the hardest season of our marriage for sure. I'm surprised our marriage survived. It. I think we both are I. Think we both Were barely holding on. Nothing compares to how hard this is. Their stories are full of candor. Awe, And, hard one wisdom And. You'll hear from scientists who teach us how we can be More resilient in the face of change.


True behavior change is really identity change. Every action you take is a vote for the type of person you wish to become. Listen to a slight change of plans on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts About the event. It. It seemed online. It was amazing. The conversations were great. People left with a lot of great wisdom. So tell people how It got together. And. And. How this year came about. Know. So first I'm just gonna say Tyree. That's what I'm gonna say. Tyrese. Like turned It out. But I. Think overall it's Char's vision. Born out of Charlemagne, iHeart, the Mental Wealth Alliance. I just help put things together.


you facilitate. know I. Just help facilitate And. Really? you know, it's our fourth annual event. It's a day of people coming together. They get to see Libs, And, influencers, And people with lived experience talking about black folks, mental health, And, And, all of our mental health. And, I. Think really It takes a while to, to pull It together. Because you gotta coordinate schedules. you gotta figure out what are the topic areas. you know, this year we had something a little different. An intergenerational mental health panel. So we had people from Gen X, And, millennials, And, gen Z, talking about It And. Then we had the men's panel, the women's mental health panel, you know, healing in the public eye. And. Then we ended It all to together with Mr. Jason Wilson, And. Tyree And. So It was just, It was phenomenal.


you had vendors, boo. There was just so many opportunities for people to find different ways to tap into their mental health. And healing. Know It was interesting to see, even when you talk about the intergenerational panel. Like Khali, foster Point Guard, AT, duke University. He was on That panel. Who else was on That panel with Him? Morgan Noble, who happens to be my daughter. Your daughter know who's the honor student? AT Howard University. Mahmood. Kether. Yep. He was just, all of them were so powerful. And It was moderated by your buddy, Elliot Elliott. Connie You You. know That. That. That was an interesting conversation. Another thing I noticed this year, It was a lot More young people there. Yes, Yes. It was And I. Think you know, young people are the ones driving the conversation. you know, we old heads, we I feel Like.


We are kind of following in their footsteps, but they're the ones who are really pushing us to talk about these things. And. So with That panel I also wanna shout out Dr. Judith Joseph. Joseph who was on That panel. It was wonderful to get the young people's perspective right? Because I feel Like. A lot of times young people feel Like. We talk AT them. Yes, we don't talk with them And. We don't listen. And. So we had an opportunity yesterday to do all of That, to really listen. Particularly That intergenerational panel where It was a lot of young people on there. That's Crazy. I had a conversation with my grandmother yesterday. And I was Like Mama, why do you always talk AT? Me And Like. Why are you always coming for me? Like, why can't we just Like talk And? Then we started talking And. I realized Like. That's her way of showing love. She doesn't mean It to be harmful. That's right. And. Then I started thinking Like We.


Maybe this is why I'm always so defensive because I'm used to That. I was Like man. But you know, older people too. It's Like. you always feel Like. you don't wanna be disrespectful, right? When you say certain things, right? So I think you know, Is your background Caribbean AT all? No, but I, not That. You know of. But I get That all the time. You Know. we I think it's Like. Some of It is, you know, Like. My dad's a baby boomer. My dad's 82 shouts out to my dad. There is something about That generation. I always tell people they were Like surviving. know they couldn't thrive And. So to get to their the big ages, they are now And to be asked to kind of take a step back. And, listen. you know, they grew up. Children are seen And not heard. Yes. you know what I mean? Like, you don't talk unless you're spoken to And. So I think it's hard for them to make That transition. It's not impossible.


My dad has really made the transition. But you gotta have a will for That. And. A lot of times people just don't, I don't think they know how to do It. That's right. I wanted to ask you about love, right? Do you think That love is a lost form? And relationships that's really affecting people's mental health. And. What made me think about That, It was a young lady, I, can't remember her name. She was doing an interview. And. They asked about the relationship. And. She was Like. Do I. Look Like, the type of girl That would pay 50 50. Like. Look, AT, my looks right? Kayla, Nicole, And, And. Everything was based on looks. And. I feel. That hurts people, especially young people's mental, because when they hear things, Like, That, I think a lot of times I think a a, a woman might say, we, how come my relationship's not Like, That, I'm fishing for That relationship could be a reason. That That women or men as we are single because they're looking for something.


That is not there or doesn't exist. It's almost Like. They're looking for the wrong thing. know And. I. Think That can cause a, a deeply depression. Do you see That a lot with talking to the younger generation? AT. All I. See? So my daughter's here. Morgan's here. And. She knew I was gonna do It. She's already grinning. And Morgan is 20. And I. See some of this through the conversations That, I have with her. And Like her peer group. Also, because I run the A coma project. I talk with young people a lot. My nonprofit, And I. Think I. Don't think the concept is new. I. Think what's new is That. We get, we are fed It constantly. So you can see It, much More, readily I think that's always been there, right? I grew up With people. My grandmother literally be Like. He gotta bring That check home. Or you shouldn't be dating him. Like know And.


That comes from my grandma. Like know. So Know who's your grandma? Young Miami. Your grandma did not say you gotta bring That check. If. you bring That. Check, check home. I promise you my my grandmother from as long as I can remember would always be Like. A man should be bringing you That check provided to, you know, home And. My mom used to be Like. If you're dating someone, he doesn't have a job. you, you don't date him. And, he's not allowed in this house. By the way, I agree with That because men's, you know, men be Like. What is a woman bring to the table? Women heart. A table, Like. Everything you're doing, you're doing to impress this woman. You're wearing these nice clothes, you're getting this jewelry. We had this conversation. You're getting this jewelry. you want to drive a nice car 'cause you want to impress know, But not to the point the woman, not to the point where a woman is saying, That's the only way you can get with me. Correct? know. So I think it's I. Think It depends on how you look.


AT gender roles. I'm mainly gonna get into all That. But I do think there's something to be said for the concept of who qualifies for love. Like, who deserves love? And what? Love looks. Like love is not the stuff. One of the things I love about Jason Wilson is he talks about Like, the constraints. That, we put ourself under That. We don't have to Like. He calls It What? It. Like. Emotional incarceration. I. Think he said You. know And. I. Think to your point, envy what my perspective is If. you are comfortable with who you are. Somebody bringing you stuff is not the thing that's going to sway you in a relationship. That's right, right? And. My mom, my, she's deceased, but she used to say two halves. Don't make a hole in a relationship. you want two whole people to come together to form a whole relationship.


And. So I think it's really about do I love myself enough to know And I Always tell people I'm worthy exactly as I am. And I don't wanna get Like. All metaphysical And hokey. But it's true. I'm worthy as I am. And. So I want a partner who also feels That. He she or they are worthy as they are. And. If both of us are coming to the relationship with just a little bit of That I, think It helps us get around some of That, you got to buy me this, right? I ain't paying no 50. 'cause what's wrong with paying 50 50 Like? You're getting to know each other. So And, I'm not saying It gotta be money or superficial know. I'm just saying if a woman is going to be giving herself know, because that's what she's giving, right? know physically, mentally know, spiritually, emotionally. She's giving you her know, letting you And her body.


All of That type of stuff. know man, cut some grass or something. Like take, you know what I'm saying? Isn't, but isn't Char, isn't he Giving of himself too? Yes. Just by showing up. Show know. So you know, it's You know. He can know. So if they can both show up, I am not saying it's easy, but remember if in order for both of them to show up, they both gotta know a little bit about themselves. That's right. And. How many of us go through life with these blinders on Like blind to ourselves? Like, we don't know who we are. Heard. That's what the selfie, the love comes into play. Period. Alright, we got More with Dr. Alfie Breland Noble. When we come back, don't move, it's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's Djj Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The, Breakfast.


Club. We're still kicking It with Dr. Alfie Breland. Noble lo roasts filling in for Jess. So I got a friend right now that's dealing with, every time this person talks to somebody, everybody says, you need to work on yourself. And. It's not the first time, it's not the why you, why'd you playing over there? Because She's laughing. No, she's Cracking up. Okay, so now this is, so every time she talks to a gentleman, the gentleman says, you need to work on yourself before you can come back here. Not every single time. Wait, the guys are saying this. Two Guys, I had two guys say, but first of all, her face, In her face. But lemme tell you something. One, one of the guys look, the, his situation is so messed up. He uses That to not have a real conversation about where he is. For real. That's deflection. So it's Like, I.


Hear you. But Like, we, we need to work together. This is been A conversation That she's been having with men. That. She's been trying to date. I was gonna, when you mentioned, when you asked Charlemagne, isn't the guy showing up too know That struck me because I feel Like. A lot of my friends And, what I'm realizing about myself know is That. I wasn't raised as a woman. To really see a man as a person, That has to show up. I was raised as a Like, a woman, That, just a man is there And, he's Like this Like structure check. But Like check. He's not a person, not even a check, but just Like. He, he has to, to fight off the bad people know, he, you know what I mean? But now That, my little brother is getting older. It made me realize Like man, how many times That Like, there are some self-accountability moments, but how many times are am I not seeing this man as a person?


Yes. One of the things I wanted to talk about, AT the expo, That we didn't get to, was this concept of do we know as people, black people, how to receive love? That's right. That was my struggle. If, You came, It came up during y'all panel. But It, you, You need a get to. Yes through you. We, you cut It off. You You know And. So, so I'm going put Jason on blast. Jason I wanna have That conversation one day publicly. But so in a nutshell, what I had to do was recognize That. I knew how to be present. I knew how to give to people. I didn't know how to let people give to me. Like, my daughter would tell you. I still have a hard time accepting help. So I think it's, once I decided, I wanted things to be different for me, then I had to decide Like sort of what's the destination? I wanted to be a he. It sounds really kind of corny, but I wanted to be a healthier version of myself because my mom was always drilling into me two holes.


Make a whole relationship. Don't come into a relationship as half a person. Right? So that's what It was for me. I had to figure out how to be a whole person. And. The things That helped me were Dr. McNeely, mindfulness, meditation, exercise, And. I'm not big into journaling, but AT the time. I would do I have Like, multiple journals. you so I Hope I'm answering your question. you, but you are. That's what I did. you I had to work on me. Now what, what, what's next for the mental wealth expo? Because I feel Like. We do this every year. know I, feel Like. There's other things we should be doing throughout the year. Know. So one thing we hope we gonna be able to do is I don't, I'm just I praying on It. I'm hoping it's gonna happen. Do More than one. That's my hope. And. My hope is That, we get to honor somebody's hometown with one of them.


I'm hoping we'd be able to do That Know we've been talk I mean we, you know, the baby was there. AT, the mental health expo this year. He wanted to be a part of It. He launched the Baby Care And Initiative. Yes. And. So know we've been talking about doing something in the Carolinas. know So You know. That's right. 'cause he's North Carolina know we used to live in North Carolina. know. So that's one thing. I think. The other thing is we're gonna continue to get bigger. We have some ideas already about what kind of panels we wanna have And. So we are gonna be reaching out. We're gonna start reaching out to people soon to try to get on people's calendars early. Our talent to, to bring It. We're gonna be reaching out to More vendors. I, think we could have hopefully, fingers crossed a few More vendors. AT the AT, the venue And have More opportunities for things. Like, breath work, And yoga, And meditation, And, some of the breakout rooms.


And Char, we just gonna continue to follow your vision for the, for the expo. Absolutely. And. you know one thing, That, we don't do, we don't, you know, we, we are a non-profit organization. Yes. you know, mental wealth alliance.org. We don't tell people That, they can donate. Yes. And, we, we really want people to don. It's so easy. you can follow the link And bio on the Instagram page for the Mental Wealth Alliance. you can go to the website. There are QR codes on It. It is so easy. And, you know, It sounds Like begging. It kind of is. But you have to understand That money, That you donate, goes to helping put things together. Like the expo where you're given to thousands of people. And just trying to support everybody's investing in their mental wealth. So investing And, We let everybody in free. That's It. Like. you know, Like Like, we don't charge for the mental Wealth expo.


That's It And. That costs money. So if they invest in the Mental Wealth Alliance, the Mental Wealth Alliance can help invest in their mental wealth. That's right. And. They can't. There's the content from the event is online. And. you can watch the conversations. It will be, there's a lot on the Instagram page. Mental Wealth Alliance. Shar Tyree, myself, some of the talent, we've all been posting stuff. And. Eventually it's gonna be on the YouTube page. You said Tyrese set It off. What, what, what was the conversation? He was Just, we I, one thing he did That kind of had me cackling was he ripped the counter, the timer, he ripped It out. The not, he didn't clock destroy It. The the, he took the clock off the floor was Like. I. Ain't you paying attention to That clock? And? He was just very transparent. Like literally unplugged It. He Yes, he he Kept looking. AT. It. He was Like. That clock ain't right. We need More time.


He was hilarious. But I think one thing. That he did. That really moved the crowd. AT the end. It was a great way to end was he kind of encouraged people by saying, Like, If, you have something That you want to do. Right. That maybe is gonna help the World. you need to go do It. And. He talked about what his thing was. That he does. But he was really kind of pushing people to go out. And, contribute. And. I'm not gonna say It. Like, he said It. 'cause you know, family friendly. But if you're not going to do It, then step to the side. And, let somebody else come do It. you Know, know we, we It was a phrase he had. It was a I'm the problem though. If. you the problem. If, you have a problem. If, you have a problem. Do something about It. That's right. Because he was Like. So many people nowadays don't really be having a problem.


They just either wanna be a part of the conversation, right? Or they just want to jump in on the jokes. On, on social media. Right. But If, you actually have a problem. know, do something about It know. So That was It. It was a good way to end. We thank you for joining us this morning. That's right. Thank you. How did they follow you, Dr. Alfie? How they follow me know? Okay, you can follow me a couple places. The main one is Instagram, D-R-A-L-F I. EE Dr. Alfie. I'm everywhere. I'm on LinkedIn. I'm on Facebook. And my website dr alfie.com. And Follow the work she's doing with the A Coma project as we you, you Like. you know Like what? Tell 'em a little bit about the OK Cooma Project. Oh. Okay. So thank you for That quickly. The Coma Project is a mental health five Oh, one C3 nonprofit And. We are bought three things.


Raising consciousness, empowering people, And, changing the system of mental health for young people of color. Where we center And, amplify young people of color. And. We also talk about the intersections. We are young people of color, young people of color with disabilities. We want all of our young people of color to do better in life. We do research, programming, outreach. We support the Mental Wealth Alliance with the expo every year. And, we just do all kinds of cool stuff. Thank you And. We appreciate you for joining us again. Absolutely. you, I'm sure you can see her AT Hampton home coming. 'cause I'm sure she'll good I. Love my HBCUs. I'm just gonna say That there. you shout out. you shout out all of 'em. It's all love you. And you all day. There You go. It's Dr. Alfie Bre And Noble. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The.


Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Let's get to Jess with the Mess with Lauren La Rosa. You Music is real hilarious. Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. She Don't nobody. World I Jess Worldwide Mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coach. we, Lauren. Lauren Osa. I back. And. I got the mess. Talk to me. So shout out to 50 cent. This was just, this news is actually breaking right now. 50 cent is officially heading to Las Vegas for his first ever Vegas residency.


This deal, we, according to reports, this deal was locked down for $15 million for a series of six shows. AT pH Live, which is inside of Planet Hollywood Resort. And Casino. Now according to reports, this resident residency is set to kick off in December, 2025 with one of the performances being an exclusive New Year's Eve celebration. Presented by 50 cents on sire Spirits brand. That is major. That's dope. Yes. Dropping the food bond bomb for 50 cent That is major. The residency is dubbed 50 cent in the club. That's so smart. Yep. 50 cent in the club. And It will be unlike anything else he's ever done before. According to this report. And, what the report is, is exclusive.


That T. MZ has And. And, they're said That. They're being told That fans can expect And fresh experience while still hearing all of his favorite hits from his classics in the Club. Candy Shop. 21 questions all That. Good stuff. So shout out to him. That is 50 is a prime example of when you are grateful for what you have. you get blessed with More. Do you know he only started with two quarters? Literally two quarters And. Now look what he's built Now. That's amazing. So That, that's, that's gonna be in the casino. And now on top of That. I'm sure he's bringing the liquor to That Casino too. So the liquor's gonna be throughout That Casino as we, so it'll be way More than $15 million. we congratulations to Fifth And And And. Some of y'all get way More Great. Greater hands up, but way More, greater Financial starts That man. Started with five dimes.


Okay, 10 nickels, two quarters. Now look, AT 'em dropping the cruise bombs for 50 We. In other news, speaking of settling deals, DJ Mustard And, his ex Chanel have finally come to an agreement in their divorce. Now, when they announced the divorce And, just everything, all the back And forth It was a really big story because they had been together for so, so, so, so, so, so long And. They also share kids together. So his attorney filed documents, That kind of state what the settlement is. So basically DJ Mustard is walking away with a ton of different cars. That, he owns, including his 2022 made back 2018 Lamborghini.


He's also gonna get his to keep his 19, his 1960 Chevy Impala. Impala. Four different motorcycles, a couple of jet skis. He's also gonna get to hang onto the Mansion. That, they owned in Chatsworth, And, some of the residential properties. That, they had in Semi Valley And Los Angeles. Now they do have three minor children together. So they will share joint legal custody of the kids. And Mustard is going to be paying her 24,000 a a little over $24,000 a month. 24 500. So $24,500 per month. Dang. And child support payments. How many kids do they have? They have three Kids. That's three kids. Okay. That's, that's honestly a If. you saying you don't think that's, you think that's too much for three kids know I mean 24,000 a month is still a lot of money. I ain't talking about the kids.


It don't got nothing to do with the kids. I'm ha you, you, you kids gotta eat. Kids gotta, you know, live. I'm just talking about that's still a lot of money to be shelling out every month period. It is And. Chanel's also gonna be getting a one time buyout payment for spouse support support from DJ Mustard in the amount of 300 And $15,000. And Mustard is gonna get to keep the rights to his music catalog. Chanel hangs onto Sleepover, which is a pajama And lounge drawer company That, she created And I. Think it's Like a Tesla That also is gonna be hers as we too know. So Know, so you gotta pay that's Like through what, $300,000 a year plus the 300,000 upfront Know three 15 up front Know. So that's If. you gotta, that's for the children. I'm Sure there's, there's somebody, Listen More to us right now.


And, they pay $1,500 a month in child support. And, they thought That was a lot. know, okay, We, it's ba you know, it's based on what you make. And And what you bring in If. you got Act wage. Wait, there's an additional payment here. I've never heard of this. A equalization payment. So in addition to all of what we just talked about, they are making sure That Mustard is going to, because he's getting a real estate And, most of the cars he's going to be paying Chanel a one-time equalization payment to even things out for 200 And $75,000. I've never heard of an equalization payment. That. But I guess it's because That, if he to sell a cause, That would be I guess half of half the cause. Real And the know the Jet skis And All That. Maybe that's what they're saying. I don't Know. Probably. So I'm I mean I'm happy to see That I mean. I'm not happy to see That. They're not together, but I'm happy to see That.


They're come to a settlement of some sort. And, you know, you know, she's gonna be cool. The kids are gonna be straight. So, so that's good. And. Lastly, this is so fun. you guys will love this one. What's That? The Victoria's Secret fashion Show is back tonight. What's It? AT? It's In New York. Oh. Really? we It was gone. Yes. It's, we, so It was, it's been gone since 2019, but last year they did Like something with Prime video. But It wasn't Like how the shows used to be in person. And, all of That. They, they gotten in trouble for not being inclusive. What do you mean, Like? Did you mean inclusive? They Didn't have Like, they didn't have a lot of plus size models on the runway. Okay. you know, there's always the issue with Like women of color not being on the runway. Okay. They also included, now they're including a lot of models from the LGBTQI A plus community.


Victor Secret. Okay. Does Victoria's Secret sell big draws though? Yes know They say all sizes know I Didn't know I thought, I thought there was a I thought there was a a line of of for big draws. I, we they ain't Lane Bryant for the big drawer. They are. Victoria's Secret had some stuff for the, the plus size girls too. They got stuff for you too. Thickens Not You See, you check you on man, you want you, you want men walking around This the, the runway with they moose knuckles showing. That's what you want to see. Hun. Huh? Ev That's you, you talk, use your words. I. Not white. Peter with Some panties on And showing off his moose Snuggles. Use your words That. you Wanna see I am not messing with this man. I'm not. No, I'm not. I'm not playing this game. You ain't messing with this man, but you messing with a man. you, when tape come out, we gonna find out.


Not this man but a man. I'm no, I'm not. Get outta here. Don't don't talk to me. Who? Me or Him? Both of y'all Oh. So you going to the show? I'm trying to go. you Going to the show? you trying to change That. So you going to the show? you going To the show? I'm trying to go Oh Oh. That was deflection or you really cared if I was going. No, I didn't care. Oh God I just wanted to get off. Y'all on me. Pause. I did not know Victoria's Secret sell big draws though. I did not. Let me go look. That up. I'm about to look what size they go up to. What you gonna go get a pair? Wait, wait. Why are you so wanting to, if they sell big draws or not? I just didn't know That was new. I mean, You know, you man thick don't act Like. That girl. I from The south That.


He's, he been trying to shake That cornbread for years. It ain't going nowhere though. All Right. you don't see no big draws. I see big bras. Okay, let's, yes, it's over. Thank you. Alright. Before he digs deeper, That was just with the mess with Lauren And. LaRose. And. Now Charlamagne. Tell, tell him where uncle think he gonna be tonight. We this afternoon. Okay. AT 5:00 PM I will be on all iHeart radio stations having a conversation with Madame Vice President. Okay, Kamala Harris. So join me tonight for an event. We are calling, we the People And Audio Town Hall with President Kamala Harris, myself, And you. Okay. Live from Detroit, Michigan exclusively on all iHeart radio stations. Okay. If, you are Listen More to me on a iHeart radio station Right now.


You'll be Listen More to us. AT 5:00 PM So tonight, 5:00 PM Eastern, 2:00 PM Pacific If. you wanna join in on the conversation? All you gotta do is go the the iHeartRadio app Tap Breakfast Club podcast. Record your question for the vice president. Hit sin And. Let your voice be heard. Good luck tonight. Charlotte will be Listen More. Yes ma'am. Say thank you Oh. Oh. Thank you. You're Welcome. Thank you. Alright. The People's Choice Mix is up next. Thank you very much. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Jess, hilarious Charlamagne, the guy We are The Breakfast. Club Lord on the Rosa of filling in for Jess And. Don't forget tonight AT 5:00 PM Eastern Time on all iHeartRadio Station.


Charlamagne is conducting a town hall with Kamala Harris. We are the people. Yes man. We doing a audio town hall with the vice President. Kamala Harris. And. And. I I, I. Guess some people are new here, man. They don't realize how many times, you know, you I've sat And had conversations, And And interviews with the, with with the, the vice president. Like. I was interviewing Kamala Harris when she was a senator. She was on Breakfast Club And. She came to Breakfast Club And, she ran for president in 2020. And I had her on my late night talk show The God's honest truth. And, she was vice president. That was what? A year And a half ago. Maybe two years now. I don't remember know. She actually also did the announcement for Jess when Jess started working here. She did the know when Jess, hilarious You Know when Jess, when Jess started working here. AT Breakfast Club.


you know, she congratulated Jess did a video congratulating Jess. So know we gonna have us a a nice, nice healthy conversation today. AT 5:00 PM That's right. know. So join, so join me for the we of People Audio Town hall with Vice President Kamala Harris live from Detroit, Michigan exclusively on iHeartRadio. know man, whatever tough questions y'all got, send them. you know, we gave you all the information for the talk back. you know, you can open your iHeartRadio app. And search for The Breakfast Club podcast. Tap the mic, record your questions for the vice president. Hit send And your voice might be heard during this conversation. So today, 5:00 PM Eastern, 2:00 PM Pacific. Right here. Whatever station you Listen More to me on right now.


you will hear this conversation AT 5:00 PM So I'll see y'all this afternoon. Alright, And, when we come back, we got the positive notice. The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, just hilarious. Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Lauren the Rosa. Filling in for just, we got a salute, Ricky Smiley for joining us this morning. Man. You know That. Y'all was Listen More. Y'all ra Listen More in your, on your radios this morning. And, y'all were confused people. That Listen to Ricky Smiley were Like I. Don't listen to The. Breakfast Club. Why? What's going on? Why you hear Envy. And Charlamagne And people. That Listen to Breakfast Club was Like I. Don't listen to Ricky Smiley while I'm hearing Ricky Smiley on the radio right now, but we were together. Yes, yes, yes. So make sure you go get his new book, sideshow by Ricky Smiley, available everywhere you buy books now.


Absolutely. Alright, And also, Dr. Alfie Breland Noble for joining us this morning as we man the good sister Dr. Alfie I couldn't do anything. That I do with my, my nonprofit, the Mental Wealth Alliance. Without her the Mental Wealth Expo. We just had our fourth annual mental wealth expo. None of That gets done without Dr. Alfie Breland Noble. So thank you always to Dr. Alfie. Absolutely. Alright, we, you got a positive note I do man. The positive note comes from late. Great Colin Powell. I love this because I lived this And I want everybody to apply this to their life. If, you are going to achieve excellence in big things. you develop the habit in little matters. Listen, More to what I just said. If, you are going to achieve excellence in big things.


you develop the habit in little matters. you gotta be excellent with the So-called little things before you can be excellent with the So-called big things 'cause excellence is not an exception. It is a prevailing attitude. Have a blessed day. Breakfast Club bitches. you I'm Finish or y'all done this election season. The stakes are higher than ever. I. Think the choice is clear in this election. Join me Charlemagne, the God for we the people in Audio Town Hall, where Vice President Kamala Harris And, you live from Detroit, Michigan, exclusively on iHeartRadio. They'll tackle the tough questions, depressing issues, And the future of our nation. We May not see eye to eye on every issue, but America, we are not going back. Don't miss this powerful conversation with Vice President Kamala Harris Today.


AT 5:00 PM Eastern, 2:00 PM Pacific on the free iHeartRadio app, hip Hop Beat Station.


I'm NK And. This is basket case. What Is wrong with me? A show about the ways That mental illness is shaped by not just biology Swaps of different meds, But by culture And society. By looking closely AT the conditions That cause mental distress. I. Find out why so many of us are struggling to feel sane. What we can do about It And. Why we should care Oh. Look If. you gimme therapy girl. Listen to Basket case every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


In California during the summer of 1975, within the span of 17 days, And less than 90 miles, two women did something no other women had done before. Tried to assassinate the president of the United States. One was the protege of Charles Manson. 26-year-old Lynette Fromm, nicknamed Squeaky the other, a middle-aged housewife working undercover for the FB I Identified by police as Sarah Jean Moore. The story of one Strange And Violent Summer. This season on the new podcast, rip Current Hear episodes of Rip Current early And, completely ad free And receive exclusive bonus content by subscribing to iHeart True Crime Plus only on apple Podcasts.


I'm Joe Gado. I'm Steve Burns. Together we do the two Cool Moms podcast, which is a podcast where we help dispense advice to our loyal listeners. Everybody has an issue. Everybody has something That they need help with, right? And, that's where we come into play because our moms with cool moms. We Like to think That. We have inherited their maternal advice. Yes, And. We try to just do some good besides being comedians, we'd love to have 'em. Guys, bring us your queries. They could be personal questions. They could be serious, they could be lighthearted know. But know this, we are here for you. If. you could find us wherever you listen to your podcast. Or on the iHeartRadio app.


In 1982, Atari players had one game on their minds. Sword Quest, because the company had promised 150 grand in prizes to four finalists, but the prizes disappeared leading to one of the biggest controversies in eighties pop culture. I'm Jamie Loftus. Join me this spring for the Legend of Sword Quest. We'll follow the quest for lost Treasure across four decades. Listen to the legend of Sword on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.