
American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career and family, a PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online apus programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates, so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran Grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.aps.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you.


Hey, everybody. It's your favorite play, cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning Show. You know, the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra. With available I force Max Hybrid Engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow, go lower from Blumhouse tv iHeartPodcasts. An Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst as he unravels the mystery of his vanish boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously, listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island Stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes. But don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca Ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses, but everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing. Karen, Where have you brought us? Cancellation Island. Where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Good morning. USA Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, Jess. Hilarious is out today. What up, Lauren? La Rosa. Good morning, young Charlamagne the guy. Peace To the Planet is Friday. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed back and blessed black and highly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What's happening? There you go. Good morning. It's Friday. The weekend is here. I hope you're feeling great out there. I saw people stressing, you know, people would be like, yo, you work all week just to get two days off. I don't look at it like that. I just enjoy every day above ground, man. Absolutely. What Emini here And I get the, I I enjoy every single thing that I do every day, And I feel like everybody should take that approach.


That's right. Monday through Friday. If you, if you, if you got a job, regardless of what that job is, be happy that you have one. That's right. Because there's somebody out there who doesn't or Just lost one Today. That's right. If you wake up every day, you know what I'm saying? And you be, you breathing, thank God for that. Be happy that you did that too, because guess what? Somebody woke up dead this morning. That's Right. All right. And also, We could shoot on positive on a Friday. I'm always positive. They're always positive in the morning. Oh, I was about to say, They're always positive in the morning, but yeah, he's right. And, and absolutely. If you got family members, you got your, your mother, your father, your grandparents, call 'em, hug them, love them. Life is short. You're seeing everybody, it seems like. I don't wanna say a lot of people have been passing, but a lot of people have been passing a lot Of people waking up dead. Yeah. Can we talk about this young lady named Lauren LaRosa, who is a broadcaster from LA right now?


Yeah. You go to LA for 24 hours back in LA Now you super fancy. You got on a diamond choker that says You see it, it says Scorpio. What Did you say? You said What? It says Scorpio. Oh, I thought it said Scorpion. I thought you was okay. You went out. Why would I have on a Dr. No, actually, I, I worked last night and then I came and went to sleep because I have to get up at one 30 in the morning to broadcast on time with y'all over there. Okay. I did the, I did a, I hosted a, a collaboration event and a fashion show for a black Radiance, a cross colors. They just dropped a new collaboration. So I walked into the fashion show And I hosted Cross color. Cross color, the old cross Colors. Yes. They, they're doing a, they, they just released a, like makeup and a bunch of different stuff with the Black Radiance brand. And Dawn Rashard was performing yesterday, so I got to meet her and like, you know, had a really good conversation with her in person behind the scenes and Yeah, like that's what I, they brought me out here for that.


So I've been out here for the past two days, waking up at 1:30 AM I just want people to know that that thing you got on your neck is fake. Okay. It's not real diamonds. I'm just saying times is hard out here. So I don't wanna about snatching that off your neck. You Just, so you were just so positive. It's still the morning. I'm looking what Happened? I'm you, you walking around with that big blingy blingy fake ass piece of jewelry. Huh? You Asked you, I don know ask, I don know how you take that, right? Because he's, that's not Even bling bling bl Because he's protecting you, but he's also you because you know it's LA and you walk around them Streets. I don't care. Where was That? He wanna make sure you Safe. Yes. I don't care where with that. You walking around with a d what appears to be a diamond choker and it's not real. We know it's not real. Dammit, man. So It's just like, I just want people to know that you Don't know if she got a sugar daddy from Africa right now that's just supplying her money or something like that.


What is happening over there? I don't know either. What is happening? I don know. I'm just, let's, let's re it on black on black on Back. I can't even Talk. Alright. Bring It on back. Okay, let's, let's get the show cracking. Am Omarion Am Omarion will be joining us this morning. Of course. He's on a Millennium tour. 2025. Yep. So we'll be kicking with Am Omarion and r and b Singer. Friday will be joining us. His new album. Some days I'm good, some days I'm not. It's out today. So we're gonna be kicking in. This is gonna be our r and b Friday. Alright. Alright, let's get the show cracking. We got front page news. Morgan will be joining us and then get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If you need to vent, phone lines are wide open. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's D-J-N-N-V Jess.


Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Law LaRosa filling in for Jess. Let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. DJ Envy, Charlamagne, the God and Lauren LaRosa. Happy Friday and cheers to the Weekend. Weekend. Happy Friday. Okay, y'all don't got the energy I need today? It is Friday. Okay, Friday. Okay. Top the headline. Let's go ahead and get into it. Y'all. A federal judge is blocking the Trump administration's mass firings of federal workers. Good. All right. A US district court judge ruled on Thursday that the Office of Personnel Management must rescind a memo that resulted in mass firings of probationary employees. Now, the ruling says the firings were probably illegal, but it does not reinstate the workers who have already been dismissed.


Now, the judge also referred to probationary employees as quote the lifeblood of our government. Another court hearing is scheduled for March 13th, and of course this comes as at the same time. Unemployment claims are at their highest level this year. So far, the Labor Department reports initial filings for unemployment benefits hit around 242,000 in the week, ending in February 22nd. That's an increase of 22,000 from the previous week and well above the Dow Jones estimate of 20 225,000. So, any guys, you guys have any thoughts on that? I I I'm all for it. You know, like I say, I, I've been saying it all week and for the past couple of weeks. I'm all for the idea of government efficiency, but it needs to be done.


Right. What's happening is illegal. They are not obeying the law because they're bypassing Congress. You can't have all these meltdowns of agencies, all of all of this dysfunction. And you must obey the law. Elon Musk should be coordinating with Congress while he's doing that. And I, And I even, even bigger than that, he's, he's not an elected official. Not At all. Yeah. And I can't imagine that any of this is efficient for the government. Yes, I understand He's appointed by the president, but he wasn't sworn in by the Senate, so, no. But isn't it true that because he's a, a quote unquote consultant, he can only work a a, a limited amount of time? 130 days. 130 days. Yep. Trump gonna change that. Oh, alright. Well, we'll see. Speaking of President Trump, yeah. I just understand how you have somebody with all of that unchecked power, but that person themself doesn't have to go through any checks and balances to do what it is that they're doing.


Well, switching gears to President Trump. He says a lot of progress has been made or is being made in the Russia, Ukraine War. He made the comments during a joint news conference with UK Prime Minister Kiir Starer Trump said the groundwork is being laid for a ceasefire deal between the two sides. But he doesn't wanna get ahead of himself until a deal is actually done. Let's hear more from President Trump. As I discussed with Prime Minister Starer, the next step we're making is toward a very achievable ceasefire. We hope that that can hap happen quickly tomorrow. The progress toward peace will continue when President Zelinsky visits the White House. He'll be here tomorrow in the early part of the day and we'll be signing a historic agreement that will make the United States a major partner in developing Ukraine's minerals and rare earths.


Yeah, Trump said the US will be reimbursed for providing defense funds for Ukraine. Incited the minerals deal he made with Ukrainian President Zelensky, who is again scheduled to meet with President Trump today to talk sign that deal as well as have further talks about the Ukraine, Russia war. Now the President said his administration has made historic progress when it comes to creating peace around The World. UK Prime Minister Kiir Starmer agrees he praise praised Trumps for his efforts to get a ceasefire done between Ukraine and Russia. Let's hear more from UK Prime Minister Kiir Starr. You've created a moment of tremendous opportunity to reach a historic peace deal. A deal that I think would be celebrated in Ukraine and around The World.


That is the prize, but we have to get it right. Yeah. Trump says he wants to decrease US support for Ukraine and allow the rest of Europe to pick up the slack. Trade is also expected to be, or trade was also a discussion amongst the UK Prime Minister after Trump has been imposing steep tariffs on allies since taking office. Any guy? Any thoughts on from on that? I'm not mad at any of that. World peace is always a great thing. That's something we all pray for. I was driving into work today And I saw a falling star and that was literally my wish. My wish was for world peace. Oh, speaking of a falling star. That's so cool. You know, you were talking about this earlier this week. There's a rare planetary alignment happening today.


Stargazers will be able to see seven planets. Which seven? Seven Which seven? Okay. Which seven? We got Saturn, Neptune. Oh, oh. Sheesh. To the naked eye. I'm sorry, I don't have a list of which ones. I'm gonna pull 'em up in just a second. Re Eight of them. Oh, You're Renu. We One of them Put y'all this morning. Uranus is wonderful. I've been telling y'all all week that y'all Just say URA naked eye. First of all, y'all talking like we in another galaxy, which planets like, it's, it's, we're all, it's only eight of 'em and we're on one Oh oh oh. That's right. And then they don't consider PLU Pluto a planet anymore. So all seven. Let's, let's go through them. What are they? Jupiter Mar, I can't remember none of that. Y'all. Jupiter ju batter. Marge Juy, Venus Mercury Earth.


We got Them. No, we missing one. No. Pluto. Pluto. They don't consider PLU Neptune. Only name seven Neptune. You're Right. You got it. Yep. All right. So the best chance of viewing all seven planets will be in places free of light pollution and in areas without an obstructed view of the horizon. So you might wanna check that out tonight guys. Yep. Of That'd be something to get high too. What time is it? I at, at night once the, you know, nightfall comes. Yeah, but you take My edible at the right time so that kick in Can see a kick. You said the na NASA also suggests you can also use binoculars and a telescope to get a better view. But Alright. That's usually how it works. Nasa, when you wanna look at something in the sky, oh my god. Jesus's a lot of geniuses up there, huh?


Right. Okay. I'm Ilan. I might be with you. All right. We need, okay, what You mean? Oh my God. And that's front page and news. Thank you Mark. We'll see you next hour. Alright. Talk to y'all at seven. All Right. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5. One of you need to vent. Hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. I, I'm, Hey, what doing man Calling. This Is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed. 5 8, 5 1 5 1. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Chris? Hey, what's up Chris? Get it off your chest. Yeah, I just wanna get off my chest.


Good morning to everybody. Breakfast Club. I've been listening to guys for many years. I just wanted to let you guys know that, you know, I'm a federal worker here at Port Jacksonville. Well, Mayport, but in Jacksonville And I work, I work on warships and I just wish the, the Department of Defense and the Department of the Navy would be a little more open to let civilians in and come walk the dock with us on a, you know, once a month or something like that so you guys could see, you know, what eight hours of our life is like. You know, when covid happened, we wasn't allowed to, to work from home or any of that stuff. We still had to be on the deck plate fixing these ships, dealing with contractors, dealing with ships scores, dealing with civilians on, on all types of higher levels, lower levels, you know, eight hours days when you are in a 150,000, $150 million availability to fix the ship.


You know, like that's a real deal. You know, we worked so hard to hear all this stuff and, and all this stuff about lazy federal workers. And I understand that it's not just pointed at our agency, but I'm just saying man, like there's a lot of work that we put in and a lot of ERs, you know, you know, towards fixing forces to make our country safe. You Know, who did that? President Bill Clinton, you know, president Bill Clinton, when he had his government efficiency initiative, that's what he did. He collaborated with federal workers and he actually did things like that. He wanted to see, you know, what it was that y'all actually did, where the waste was, he worked with y'all hand in hand. He didn't just go in there guessing and just, just slashing things.


Charlamagne you know, I maybe The Breakfast Club should try to hold a, a, you know, a break like one of you guys a session on a ship one day and go walk the ship and, and talk to personnel so you can see what the environment is like. Yeah. And don't let them sugarcoat it into a, a ship that's not on the availability or anything. Make 'em do it like on a ship that's going through a, a fixing stage. You know, like it's getting fixed on so you can see all the entities that are on the ship and all the movement and everything that's going on, man. 'cause I tell you man, we work hard, man. We work really hard and a lot of us don't get a lot of credit For it. We appreciate, we appreciate your work man. And I understand that we're underpaid. That's right. We appreciate your service, man.


This is why I keep telling everybody to please, please, please go read up on Bill Clinton's national partnership for Reinventing government. Because what Elon Musk is attempting to do, bill Clinton actually did in the nineties and it worked. He just did things the right way and he did things like work with federal workers. He worked hand in hand with civil servants and they actually, you know, went through, went to these, went to these federal workplaces and saw what was going on so they could make effective cuts. Who better than who better to talk to than the workers. That's right. And the civil servants who actually do this stuff every day And and salute to all the shipyards. I know there's a huge one in the 7 5 7 Virginia that fixes ships and there's always people out there and Yeah, they, they really don't let civilians on those bases.


You gotta get clearance and, and and things like that. But salute to all the ship workers and, and, and everything out there. We appreciate your service. Hello. Who's this? Hello? You fighting? We fighting you. Somebody's attacking you. Hello. Damn well his name was Eric and he wanted to say, he said Charla, he wanted to give you his flowers. He said you saved him when he was on the verge of completing suicide. So I don't know the story. We couldn't hear him, but he, he wanted to thank you. We'll salute to you Eric. Call back if you can. Hello? Who's this? It's Terrance. How y'all doing? What's up Terrance? Get it off your chest. What's Up man? I was, I called a celebrity yesterday because now y'all show a couple times And I asked him if I get through, can I call and give your flowers to let everybody know what you've done for me and my family besides what you do on the tv, what's doing the movies, what's doing your shows?


I'm gonna call you your morning, your show, your flowers on The Breakfast Club. And he told me if I get through I can call him. And that's what I called for to do something different on The Breakfast Club on Friday. Who's That? Who you talking to? Don Ronalds. Oh, Don Rolls Luther Don. I don We with Darnell. We play with Darnell a lot up here. But we, we support Darnell and we appreciate Darnell. I really don't. Yes You do. Come on man. That gotta be your Boo. That's gotta be what? He's He's your boo Your boy. Ooh Darnell. I Don know what's going on with that is your boy. That is his boy. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. It's a new day.


This is your time to get it off your chest. Wake up whether you're mad or blessed, it's time To get up and get something. Call Up now. (800) 585-1051. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? Yes sir. Good morning Breakfast Club. It's Ja from Indy. Ja, What's up? Ja. Hey man, I need your advice. I got beef with my son. He's doing really good in school, you know, got a car accident, got past that. I'm gonna buy him a new car for his birthday next week. Okay. And I get his tax return last summer. He said he made $10,000, his tax return, he actually made 25,000. So I'm admitting to a federal crime online. Y'all think I should take his tax return? I'm gonna file it for him. But he got some money coming back like five bands man.


And I fell. How did, how, how, how is dad gonna take his money from Him Swing on that little mug man. Hey, I've been taking care of him, I've been doing my job. His mom's done a great job but he told me he only made $10,000 last summer And I got the W2 that's $25,000 and I'm like disappointed 'cause he keep getting money from me. I'm like where the money At? First of all you need to take some of that money and tuck it away for, for him. You know what I'm saying? Like let, let, let that money be able to work for him. Don't let him get it all at one time. 'cause he'll probably blow it. That's the smart thing to do as a parent. No, he said he wants to take that money and buy him a car 'cause he just wrecked this car a couple of months ago. I Wouldn't even buy him a car. You probably gotta get around, get to work. Got Yeah, he gotta Get stuff. I already got him. His car outta got my money, but I didn't know he made this much money last summer.


Maybe he didn't know either. Maybe he didn't fill it. It's inflation. So that's what I got. So what should I do And put that money away for him for a rainy day bro. Why you, why? This is what I don't understand about people. Why we look to spend the money that we got coming in. If you already got him a car and he don't necessarily need the bread right now, just tuck it away for a minute. Why you looking, why you looking to spend it so fast? How old is he? He's 19, he about to be 20 And I didn't say I was gonna spend it, I'm just frustrated because he blew it last summer. I'm not gonna give it to him now. Like I'll put it up. It's just the principle. It's just the principle. You should have a conversation with him, see what he did with that money. But like Charlamagne said, you should put it up, put it up for him man. Put it away for him so that you know when he turns 21 or a rainy day or he needs something that money's there for him.


I gotcha. I appreciate that man. We locked in. Alright Jay Put it into s and p 500 or something. That's a safe bet. Hello? Who's this? Hey, this Na from Philly. What's up net? Get it off your chest. Hey, I just called this in the morning. I never got sick before. Hey Charlamagne, the guy Lauren Oz, Lauren Osa. Did I say your name right? It's you. It was fine. It's fine. I'm sorry. DJ Envy. I went to your car show you super nice. I just wanna say that you're super nice and I'm not being shady. I'm just saying you look normal. Your bear looked normal. You're not, Oh hell no. You met, you met somebody else. No, it was me. You know what it is when I'm up here, Charlemagne says I'm Dominican. He says my bear is fake. He says, you know, it's so many different things, but all that's not true.


But I'm glad, I'm glad you But You mean it's not true, but you do die your No, No. You I don know, he, it's just a joke. I get it. But we both Virgos too, And I be getting, I I get you. When I got beat with somebody, I got beat forever. It it, it's never going to end. So I just wanted to say that my Virgo never really have your side, but Virgos, shout out to Virgos. Y'all have a good day. That's why I wanted to say Don Envy. That's crazy. People walk up on you and do beer checks All day long. But why? But why would you lie though? You do dye your beer. I do. But you said it was fake. People be trying to, That is fake. Let me Put your hairline like you back. No, my, my bed is real, but I died just like, Lauren, your head's, no, maybe not. You know What? Excuse me. Forget it. Damn. Get it off your chest.


805. Eight five. Okay, Pedro 1 0 5. I got you. Pedro. Oh, you you find his la his middle name? That's not my middle name. That's Crazy. And, and, and, and if Ice ever hit me back on that other stuff, I'm gonna let 'em know a little something. Okay. Oh, wait till me And I going all ride along. Oh my, I know exactly where I'm going. Oh my. You Know exactly what's real deportation. All right, we got the mess coming up. Lauren. What we talking about? NBN Is nanny running? That's crazy. Yes, we do. Yesterday we talked about Little Baby and the, the news about the him being linked to that, that shooting death. Yep. I have some more information for y'all. Y'all had some questions yesterday that I couldn't answer, but now I can. So we're gonna get into all of that stuff. All right, we'll get to that next don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


The Breakfast Club Morning everybody, we all The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the Mess. World Mess on The Breakfast Club. She's the coach. Lauren. Lauren, I'm back And I got the mess. Talk to me All y'all. So yesterday we talked about Lil Baby and you guys had a lot of questions in the room that I couldn't answer at the time because of what was given via the police press conference. So Fox five Atlanta has actually retrieved the arrest warrant. So remember I told you guys that yesterday in that press conference, when they called out the rapper, who they say they're gonna make sure you know, has these consequences because of the part that this person played and what they're now calling this game war that resulted in multiple deaths.


And then there was this arrest warrant that had Dominique Jones' name and then Dominique Jones' Lil Baby. So that linked him to this conversation. So Fox five Atlanta went and retrieved the, the arrest warrant their self. And they are now saying that after seeing this arrest warrant, they're able to specifically point to the other gang. Yesterday in that press conference, the police only named one gang OMF, only my family. But according to this arrest warrant four pf, which is four pockets full, which we know at one time was baby's label. It was a crew that he was running around with until he changed the name of the label back in 2024 to Glass Window Entertainment. It's also being named as the opposing gang in this like rivalry that the police are alleging is is going down.


So what they're saying is that the day that the two young men were killed, there was two vehicles that pulled up on the teens. Six people hopped out of the car, multiple shots were fired, the victims were struck multiple times. One person was shot in the head, one person was shot in the chest, another person shot in the foot. And the backstory on this is that they're saying four pf and OMF had been beefing for some time. Now, during the time of this beef, the video shoot that we talked about yesterday, the little baby's video shoot went down, the video went down on OMF, which is the opposing, the alleged opposing gangs territory during the time of all of this beef. So what they're saying is that not only are these two gangs already added, there's a bunch of things happening. But during the time that all of this is happening, they alleged that little baby decided to go and shoot a video on gang rival turf, which made things even worse.


At that video shoot, three people were actually shot, but all of them survived. Baby was not injured. And then ever since that time, there has been multiple homicides around the city that they're pointing back to the beef between these two rival gangs or alleged gangs. And they're saying that it, it basically went up like it turned up even more after the video shoot. Now there is, we talked about yesterday as well that there was one gang member who I guess is supposed to be like highly ranked in the OMF gang, which is the opposing alleged gang to four pf. And this gang member is a person I told you guys made a phone call from Eng from behind bars. That phone was a contraband phone, so it was seized. And investigators say they uncover extensive communication between this gang member and a bunch of other affiliates that they were planning, you know, different targets and get back because of a shooting that happened.


And because of this video, those communications identified their target as multiple different people. And one of the people is someone who has a very close relationship to Little Baby. And this person is supposed to be an alleged to be a four pf gang member. Now diving deeper into this, they also say that they, there is an informant that they have been talking to and this informant is, is basically mentioning that because of all these things that have been happening right now, you have on both sides, you have gang members that are basically angry on both sides. The seven people that were arrested are people that they police are alleging, have been doing a lot of the shootings and the things that we have talked about. Now when it comes to Lil Baby, specifically the, the way that they are trying to pin him in this, he actually spoke out, he posted on Instagram yesterday and he said basically don't believe fake news, I'm more than good.


But the way that police are trying to pin this based on this arrest warrant is that little baby is tied in because number one, he was affiliated with this gang. And there I guess some of this beef is supposed to be his as well too. And that some of the retaliation is supposed to be to protect him as well. Because on these recordings and some of the informant conversations that they have, they, they literally pinpoint and say that at one point in time their plan was to get too little baby, especially at that vi at that video shoot. But he was too protected. So that's, police are leaning in on him very heavily now he's speaking out and saying, yo, I'm good. That is not what these arrest warrants Emini here. I wouldn't say that is not, that is not what police are alleging on the other side of it. So I hope that cleared up a lot of the questions that we had yesterday.


Well, I didn't really, I didn't really have any questions yesterday. I just felt like there had to be more to the story because connecting murders to someone because they shot a music video even in a rival hood seems like a reach To me. Yeah. That's not against the law to shoot a music video. So these arrest warrants are for what, what are they are arresting him for now what are I don is the Reason, because I don't know the, she's like a lot, I can't answer the charge question, but there Emini here, there's a lot going on here, right? Like you're talking about homicides, you're talking about homicide homicides. I'm sorry, you're talking about homicide, you're talking about Homicides crazy. Shut up. That's crazy. You're, you're talking that's possibly you're Talking, you're talking about right Now. Be quiet, you're talking about it to me. I'm hearing and it's shaping up to be what could even be like a Rico type of situation as well.


Because they're talking about gang and they're talking about rankings and gangs and you know what Emini here, like it sounds like that's what they're leaning into, but I don't know charges. I,


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCs moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families. The preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's level tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit apu.ap.edu/military to learn more American public university education that moves with you.


The World Is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple called Play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent All-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey y'all, I'm Maria Fernandez. My podcast when You're Invisible is my love letter to the working class people and immigrants who shaped my life. I get to talk to a lot of people who form the backbone of our society, but who have never been interviewed before. Season two is all about community organizing and being underestimated. All the greatest changes have happened when a couple of people said this sucks. Let's do something about it. I can't have more than $2,000 in my bank account or else I can't get disability benefits. They won't let you succeed. I know we get paid to serve you guys, but like be respectful or made outta the same things.


Bone, body blood. It's rare to have black male teachers. Sometimes I am the lesson and I'm also the testament. Listen to when you're Invisible as part of the Michael ura Podcast Network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Hunter host of Hunting for Answers on the Black Effect Podcast network. Join me every weekday as I share bite-sized stories of missing and murdered black women and girls in America. There are several ways we can all do better at protecting black women. My contribution is shining a light on our missing sisters and amplifying their disregarded stories. Stories like Tamika Anderson as she drove toward Galvez, she was in contact with several people talking on the phone as she made her way to what should have been a routine transaction. But Tamika never bought the car and she never returned home that day. One podcast, one mission, save our girls, join the search as we explore the chilling cases of missing and murdered black women and girls. Listen to hunting for answers every weekday on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Reach out to a friend in Atlanta because I've been trying to get the, the arrest warrant for us myself so that I could go through it and try and figure more of it out. Right? I done called everybody, I called the court yesterday. We know, we know you did put PD and they're telling me I can't get it over the phone. So I have a person today going to the court for us. So hopefully we can retrieve this so that I can try and figure out what that is. But I have been in contact to see when, when is charging gonna happen. But if there's an arrest warrant, that means an arrest or him turning his off, something's gonna have to happen soon. So I've just been looking out for that. But I don Even know if he has a warrant for real. Well, yesterday. That's what I'm saying. I just yesterday. Okay. No, no, no. One I called yesterday told me that there was not one I was specifically told that it can be given to me or o over the phone that it has to be retrieved in person.


And if we do not have one Fox five and what was the other outlet from the day before Channel two Action news have this way, way wrong. But again, yesterday when I called around, no one said, Hey, that doesn't even exist. They said you cannot get over the phone. You have to request this and come and get this in person. Yeah, I just, so I would answer that question for you by Monday. Yeah. I just feel it's very reckless and irresponsible for law enforcement to even put that, or, or even speculate to put that on baby's name based off shooting a music video that's even in, in a rival hood. That's All I was saying yesterday's yesterday. I said it just didn't sound right. But I guess we gotta see if there's an arrest warrant if there's not. 'cause little baby said he good there don't believe fake news. So that would make people assume that well, Not true.


You know what? One thing I'm gonna do is, is, is I'm gonna get to it. So I, again, we, the plan today is I have a friend going in Atlanta going to the court to try and request and receive this arrest warrant that they're reporting from. But again, yesterday I was not told that there wasn't one. But to answer that question, I can only go off what is being reported via Fox five and Channel two action news. But little Baby is saying it's fake news, don't believe it. He is more than good. Okay. Send your friend. And when your friend goes, there'll say, Hey, I, I'm here to talk about a homo side. Homo side. You see what he says? Jesus Homo side is crazy in Atlanta. Like, it's like pride day. You say it twice. I know, you know, I'm so inclusive. I probably just was trying to, I am in LA what point never It's that side I The neighborhood to get through here.


So I don't know That side of town is the homo side, you know? Oh my God. All right. Got me reading it sounded it out all at the same time. Shoot. Oh, I do wanna say too, the, it, what is it, Fox five Atlanta is saying too that when the, when that that hit happened with those, with the 13-year-old boys, that they didn't know that they were teens. Like they didn't know who it was. They were assuming that it was just like at the rival game back Horrible that Yeah, they, that that does say this, that's what the informant is saying. Alright. And that they planned, they, they were planning it at one point to extort little baby for $5 million too. That would, that's a part of this conversation as well. I'll tell you one thing. If all turns out to be a bunch of nothing, oh baby, everybody little baby.


And that's what a lot of people were saying is like, but you know, they tried to talk around it. The the police never said his name. A lot of the outlets did. The police have never, they they didn't say his name so the Police didn't. That's right. So I'm just one last question. So who tried to extort little baby? Allegedly. So allegedly one of the opposing gang members who's like high, higher ranking in the gang. He was telling his girlfriend on one of the like recorded calls that he planned to re receive. He was seeking revenge on baby, like I mentioned earlier. And part of that was gonna be to extort him for $5 million when he came home from prison. Mm mm mm I don't know what the extortion would be like, what he was gonna try and hang over his head. But that was what they recovered from these phones. And you know, the informant, Here's why I don't talk to niggas after 5:00 PM right here.


He's gonna say that's why I'm a civilian And I don't deal in those Type. Exactly. Charlie, what you talking about before Five? But, but just my point is there's people always plotting on you. Yes. Don't have to be a crime. Yes. Okay. It's just always people plotting on you when you are in a certain position. All right, well that is the mess. Thank you Lauren la You Welcome. All right. When we come back, we got front page news and then am Mariana be joining us. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ NB Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren Laro is here as well. And let's get in some front page news. Let's start off with some quick sports. This Saturday, 8:00 PM Javonte Tank Davis is taking on Lamont Roach.


All right. So definitely check it out. It's gonna be happening at the Barclay Center. I'll Be watching that. What, what, what is that coming on Amazon, right? On Prime. Yeah. Amazon Prime. Yep. And also Ute to Steph Curry. I don't know if you've seen the game last night. Yes, I did. He dropped 56 points. 12 three pointers. I think he had 11 in the fourth quarter. He went stupid last night. Lemme Say something about Steph Curry And I here this sincerely greatest waffle colored negro to ever exist. There's never been a beige man before Steph Curry. And I don't think there'll be a beige man after Steph Curry, except for maybe his son Cannon. 'cause he's just his, he's set up for success. Mm. He gonna have to be a great shooter. Greatest beige man ever exists. Steph Kerr. Yeah, he went stupid last night. Well, good morning Morgan. Good morning.


Envy and Charlemagne and Lauren. All right y'all, let's get into it. So as cases of measles are on the rise in the US now, the nation's top health official weigh in on Wednesday at the cabinet meeting on a growing measles outbreak that has now claimed the life of a child in Texas Health and Human Services. Secretary Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Said, officials are following the measles epidemic every day. However, he said the number of cases, hospitalizations and even a death aren't necessarily caused for panic. Let's hear more from HHS Secretary, Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. We're watching it. And there, there are about 20 people hospitalized mainly for quarantine. We're watching it. We put out a post on it yesterday and we're gonna continue to follow it.


It's been, incidentally, there have been four measles outbreaks this year in this country. Last year there were 16. So it's not unusual you have these outbreaks every year. Just to clarify, the, the health officials have come out and say that you will not quarantine in a hospital. So that information that he said about quarantining in a hospital is wrong. But the death of was confirmed in Texas where an outbreak, mainly among unvaccinated population, it was the first death attributed to the highly contagious disease in the US since 2015. Seven other states have also reported measles cases so far this year, including, of course, Texas as previously mentioned, Alaska, California, Georgia, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, and Rhode Island.


So have you guys heard of anything or know anybody impacted where you are? I thought somebody in Jersey passed away. I that's what I thought. Emini here I'm getting the news from my mama. 'cause you know, when, when, when, when my mom hears about these type of outbreaks, she calls me immediately, did your kids get the measles shots? And my answer is, I don't know. Ask Gia. But yeah, it's, it's scaring a lot of people in New Jersey right now while We talk. Measles has been eliminated from the US for a long time. It's back Emini here Because we're dealing with a lot of people who are unvaccinated and, you know, there's a lot of mistrust amongst the black community about vaccinations. This particular incident with the measles is impacting a lot of the Hispanic population. And of course, anybody who's vulnerable like children and those in elderly people stand to be impacted.


So, yeah, I guess I get, I guess what I'm asking, when did people start getting scared of measles vaccinations? Like, when did this happen? I thought it was, I thought you had to have it to go to school. That's what I was that's What I'm saying. Like, when did this happen? I missed wrong, I missed, I missed a memo of when people started being afraid of measles vaccinations. It's been contained in America for so long. Like when did people, I don't know, stop Being thinking they were safe? Is it the Tuskegee experiment that I, What I'm saying? No, let me, let me just be clear what I'm saying. Measles has been eliminated from the US for a long time, even though we know outbreaks can still occur and they've been eliminated because of a, of, of a highly effective measles vaccination program. I'm just saying, when did people all of a sudden start, you know, thinking the vaccine weren't Safe?


Who say they're scared of the vaccine, is just the fact that they just don't wanna be vaccinated or people are worried about what vaccinations can do to them or the impacts of vaccination. Did it happen? It's been happening, right? Yeah, but I thought you had to be vaccinated. Certain vaccinations you had to have to go to school. And I thought measles was one of 'em. I I could be wrong, but I thought that was one of them to go to school for kids. Yeah. But then you have people who, you know, opt out or they have exemptions for reasons. So Emini here, I, you know, I, I don't have all the answers, but you know. Okay. Yeah. All right. So let's switch gears. Al Sharpton's, DEI boycott plan has come out the 24 hour blackout on Friday, February 28th from 12:00 AM to 11:59 PM He's saying that this is the first step to counter an attack on DEI, diversity, equity, and con and inclusion.


And so we should not shop at Amazon, Walmart and McDonald's do not make purchases. Do not shop online, in store. No Amazon, no Walmart, no Best Buy, no McDonald's, no gas, no major retailers do not use credit or debit cards for non fees. Non-essential spending. Do you guys think this will work? It's just one day. What are your fault? I was just about to ask you guys, what does one day like, how does that impact long term? So this note, he says, co cooperations and banks only care about their bottom line. Disrupting the economy for even one day sends a powerful message. I have no idea. You know, whatever people feel like they need to do in order to, you know, have their voice heard or, you know, disrupt the system or protest, do your thing.


Like, I'm not knocking nobody for whatever it is they choose to do. Whether you choose to boycott or whether you choose to buycott. Whatever you choose to do, you know, do your thing. I don't, It doesn't sound like you, you would participate. So it doesn't, you know, I don't the numbers, I Don't think I'm participating, but I'm not in the, in the way of anybody that chooses to do it. Okay. And that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, follow me at Morgan Media and for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network or download the free iHeart radio app and visit us@bnnews.com. Have a great weekend, y'all. Alright Now when we come back. Thank you Morgan omara be joining us. He's on the Millennium Tour 2025 and we gonna talk to him next. So don't move us The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes sir. Am Omarion. Hey. Here he go. Welcome Back. The good brother O Hey, Hey, hey. What was the routine this morning, man? What did you do? Did you wake up, pray, meditation? What was it? Yep. Little moment to myself, you know what I'm saying? Shower up, get fresh. Say my affirmations. Put on my, oo I'm here. What was your intention for today? To just have a good time. You know what I'm saying? Not put too much on it, you know what I'm Saying? You are known as the Zen King. Like, yo, how do you stay so tranquil, like so zenful through everything.


Like you don't let nothing bother you. Yo, I done came at you so many times, so many. Like, yo, you let know this man. He said, yeah, lets nothing get to him. I'm trying To get to that. I'm, I'm intentional. Yeah. And also I don't take things personal. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? The wild thing is, you know, Omarion, I just looked it up. Am Omarion is 40 years old. Crazy. We've been seeing him grow up. I he's still, I don I don Dunno if you Like am Omarion I'm 40. I ain't think you still got baby hair. He 40. Yes. That's a blessing. It is. Absolutely. So people still look at you as a, like a, a young, I can't say teen, but a Right. A young 20-year-old.


'cause that's what you look like. Yeah. Well Emini here. It does confuse people sometimes. But yeah, I think I made it to UNC status at this, at this point in time. You ain't UNC yet, so why Yeah. You Can't be up with Baby Head. No, Mario. Nah, No, No. Millennium Tour is back. Yes, yes, yes, yes. I'm super excited about it. We play the Barclays on the 21st, so if you ain't got your ticket, definitely pop out. It's a moment. It's a moment. What Keeps you doing all this at the all He is like, what keeps you doing, doing this? He's still doing flips and dance. Like no, like what? You twist your ankle, it gonna take a long time to heal, right?


No, actually I have a, a routine of of, of making sure that I, you know, stay energized. I'm a performer so it's important that I take care of my body. But the Millennium Tour, you know, is a series concert that has brought nostalgic, literally back on the planet. You know, my era and my time. I'm so happy to been a part of it because, you know, it brings you back to a memory and creates a new memory at the same time, you know, so I'm excited. Yeah. We we keeping it going. We keeping that energy going. Yeah. Can I, can I ask you what 40 felt like? And I remember how I felt when I turned 40. Yeah. Where were you, what were you doing? How did it feel? Because to me it felt like I, I really entered the new dimension when I turned 40. Yeah. So I usually don't do anything for myself and, and shout out to Janine who helped me put together my birthday party, but I had a birthday party in Malibu and it was such a, an amazing gathering.


You know, all of my friends came out, my family, so I did something for myself, you know, which was throw a party. It was a lot of beautiful people in the building. So that's what I did for my birthday. Did You feel like yourself going into a different level of consciousness? F for sure a different level of maturity. A certain level of expectation for myself. The things that I'm creating now, you know, why am I still doing it? I, I definitely feel like I've arrived because, you know, I'm one of the few entertainers that have grown up in the public eye. So growing up has, you know, been a, a challenge at, at some times in my career. You know what, Emini here. So I finally feel like I've arrived to that place where, you know, I can have a say so and people understand it and respect it.


So Now how do y'all figure out who closes the Millennium Tour? Like who closes that show? You got so many artists on there, right? And you are one of the originators on that tour. So who closes the Millennium Tour? Well, it is a co-head line, you know, myself, Trey, and Bow. So it's, it's kind of meant to be like a festival vibe, you know, any real performing artist will tell you. Sometimes it is, it's not best to close the show because you know, the energy is drained. You know, you kind of want to go maybe second, you know, to last. So for me, yeah, I don't really trip off of that, but yeah, that's how we decide between us and the promoters. So how do you Headline? So is it like you do two then you jump in, do two Yeah.


And then Trey jumps in and do two And then Exactly. Yeah, maybe Trey will close and then me and BA will swap in between, you know, him going last before Trey or me be going last before Trey. Okay. So yeah. How so I know before you know, the Millennium tour it was B 2K. Why not B 2K this run? Well this one was kind of more so framed for this class. Gotcha. You know, all the, if if you look at the, you know who's on there now, it's a lot of non millennium, you know, artists, you know what I'm saying? Like, I think it's so cool that Booie iss gonna be on there. Yeah. You know what Emini here applies. I think we are gonna get some special guests as well.


Yeah. Bobby B pleasure p Exactly the whole vibe. So it, it is kind of, I would say a little bit different than, you know, like the previous years. So yeah. That's, that's how That's it's happen. So are we getting all the o like the, The Yeah, we getting The classics with No Skip for Me. We getting the classics So we getting that Okay. Yeah, we getting the classic It's, it is actually my 20th year anniversary of putting in being a solo artist. Damn. Damn you. Yeah. Are we getting That's Hy Is flying. Flying. Yeah. So yeah, we get into classics and also I'll be introducing some new music. You know what, Emini here, I got some new music, some new slaps I'm gonna be performing as well. So you Said something that was interesting.


You said growing up for you was a challenge. Why? Why was growing up a challenge? Did you mean personally or professionally? Like Both. All just because, you know, when you're young and people see you're young and you don't change much. You know what Emini here, like physically. Yeah, yeah. You know, 'cause I, I, I take care of myself, you know? Absolutely. People tend to just, you know, put you where they thought that you were, you know what I'm saying? So yeah, it's been a challenge in that way. And then also in business, you know, just really being able to like, have a say so, and then not just be like, okay, well you're a kid. You know what Emini here, any, any child stars will tell you, you know, having a foot in control in their business is, is a struggle when you start young.


When Did that change? Like, when did people start saying, okay, this is Omar on the grown man, not the kid from B 2K? I think once I really started taking full responsibility for my independence, you know, trying different things. I think that, you know, when you're in the industry for a long time, it is peaks and valleys. You know, you're not gonna have 10 hot moments, you know what I'm saying? You might have a down moment, you might have a transitional moment. I think that it's okay, you know, when you're finding your way, And I feel like after my last like, couple of projects, you know, just supporting myself, being independent, like, I started to feel like, okay, now I have control of my career. Oh, I wanna put this out.


Okay, maybe I should put it out this way. You know, maybe I should do things differently. You know, I grew, I grew into that, so I'm like very proud of that, you know? 'cause a lot of artists don't get the chance to do that. That's True. And nobody talks about that. Right? Like, nobody talks about when you're a red hot and there's an ice box where your career used to be, you know what, Emini here, like Emini here. I don I don't feel like you've ever been through that. 'cause you always on the road. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. And, and I've been gifted, you know, with the talent to be able to do many things. Like two years ago, I believe the last time we spoke, you know, I was promoting my book. So there's always something for me to do. Something new that I just did that's really exciting is a show called The Wild Rose with all black.


So I'm gonna be, you know, hitting your TVs in two, 2026. Oh, I play an assassin. So it's something different. Oh, first of all, yeah, I'm doing fighting scenes. I'm socking and popping. Wow. So you will be seeing me in a whole, the Sin King is now an assassin Emini here, you know, I'm acting exactly right. But you know, the, the real true measure of an actor is to tell the truth. You know what I'm saying? So I get to show a different side of myself. I'm excited about that. I Feel like that's a natural transition for all you flexible guys. Seriously. Like you, Chris Brown, Chris, y'all Should be doing Action movies. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Whooping ass. All. We got more with Amari when we come back. It's a Friday. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious.


Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club ion's in the building. Now what's your thoughts on r and b music now growing up there was always r and b groups, right? Yeah. Whether it was white or black, whether it's New Edition or Pretty Ricky or B 2K. Yeah. Or whoever it may be. Boys to Men. You don't see that now. Yeah. Why is that, and why do you think that is? And what's your thoughts on RB music today? I think that r and b music is an ever evolving, changing, you know, just like all genres of music, you know, country coming back. I feel like it goes through a type of evolution. I think r and b is, is definitely rearing its head back in the sentimental and expressive way that we talk about our emotions.


You know? That's why I loved r and b, I loved r and b because, you know, there was this sentiment that, you know, if it was your icebox, you know, representing your heart, these metaphors that kind of allow men to express themselves. So I feel like it's, it's in a, it's in a dope state. Like one of my favorite songs out right now is Mutt by Leon. Yeah. So, so it's like when people like him and you know, some other new artists that you know, have really put the time in to express their emotion. And I feel like it's, it's going back. I Was talking specifically groups. Oh, okay. Groups. You don't see that anymore. Do you think people don't wanna put the time, time and energy and effort into it anymore? They want a quick turnaround?


I think it's, that's a factor. And I also feel like, I don't know if there's, I haven't seen a lot of of people band together outside of like hip hop and gangs, you know what I'm saying? Like, it's not, I'm pretty sure there's some out there, but not at the forefront yet. And I feel like that time, you know, maybe within a year or two we'll probably see some, some really dope groups. But it's just like, I think everybody also too have the ex the expectation that at, at some point in time they'll break up. You know? So I think that there is a, a brotherhood, a type of brotherhood you could have to kind of display. And also, you know, when we Jagged edge was here Yeah. They were talking about people don't sing to the vagina anymore.


Yeah, Yeah. Like they don't ass. They don't, that's fast. Beg, why you looking at me like that? Because you talking this guy crazy Yo T as they don't beg anymore. Yeah. The vagina has changed. Has it? You've made, now you gotta make sure they're not genetically modified. Yeah. The vagina has changed. What do you mean it's changed? Definitely changed. Yeah. I feel like, you know, you know they, there's this thing called soft girl era, you know what Emini here And I don't know, it's just, I feel like it's so materialistic.


You know what Emini here, like in order to really swoon a woman, you have to really find a particular type and you have to appeal to her, you know, differently than you maybe had to appeal to her. Generally speaking back in the day, you know what Emini here. So I would say it is, it's different. You know how you can wake up those senses? It depends on the woman. You know what Emini here, because some women will not be turned on by a nice guy. You know what Emini here, some women get turned on by as, and people who are disrespectful and call them out their name. Some women are really just into that. You know what Emini here, some women, you know, vagina only get with money. You know what Emini here, it's a little bit different. And you have to be more specific.


If you really want to entice a woman, you know what Emini here lyrically Doesn't that require us to vibrate Hial? And what Emini here by that is facts. Like facts. If you, facts, if a woman is only used to eating fast food, but then you know, she out the country and she eat a real fruit, and you like, damn, I ain't no ain't In Jamaica. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So don't that require us to vibrate higher? I Agree. Yeah, I agree. I that's, that's the tip I'm on, you know what Emini here, outside of being mature and having my experiences, you know, really just being able to have a, a good conversation, you know? Yeah. An in depth conversation. Somebody asked me the other day, like, what are some of the questions that I asked on, you know, a first gathering, I don't call them dates. You know what Emini Here? The gathering first.


Gathering. Yeah. Gathering. Okay. Why do you call it a first gathering? Because I think a date ha carries a certain level of expectation. You know, whether that be a place or whether that be a, a price budget. You know what Emini here, I think a gathering kind of keeps it on a, on a very just non assuming low level expectation. And really when you're getting to know somebody, you don't need much. You know, you just need conversation and great questions, you know what I'm saying? And, and nice ambiance. So yeah, from my first gatherings, you know, I, I asked very serious questions, you know, like, you know, what is your purpose in life? Ooh, you know what Emini here, What is your intention with this? I'm sorry, You just gonna jump straight out.


What gonna do to baby? That's not a gathering. Yes. That's a great question. Do you know what you're doing, baby? Do You have another experience? Jesus. Jesus Christ. But yeah, questions like that. But I think you set the tone because they see you o so they see you on Instagram, they see how you've grown and evolved. They see what you on, so they feel like they gotta be there too, I would think. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Emini here. I definitely have my own personal challenges as well because again, you know, we are a, a a a vibration of, of people, you know what Emini here. So sometimes things can look good on the outside, but then once you really get into it, you like, oh, there's some, there's some things you have to fix that I can't help you with.


My timeline is like two years. I give myself two years with a person to really figure out if I'm, you know, gonna continue with them. You know what Emini here, I gotta see they family. I gotta see they best friends and we actually have to go through something to see if yes. Worth, worth to be in my life. Fasting is, is is a part of, you know, being with me too. Hey, Know I gotta ask you this. I seen a TikTok go viral where Raven Simone had said she was pregnant by you a long time ago. Like in the younger days. When the hell would that happen? So this is, you know, the internet is a wild place. Absolutely. So if you look at the regular interview that they did, someone edited it and they, and they had her saying that because what happened, what she was saying on set that, you know, they had this certain level of expectation and people thought that she was pregnant with my child while She was with K Young.


Okay. So they cut it. Yes, I got you. Yeah. So she didn't actually say that. Okay. Yeah, she didn't say we Were y ever messing around. No. For nobody. That was all speculation and everything like that. I I I never been in a room but naked with her. You know what, Emini here, right? So, okay. Yeah. But we did live in the same apartment complex When we were younger. There was this complex back in the day, all of the entertainer kids stayed there, so Yeah. Really? Yeah, It was like a complex with all like Yeah, Emini here. Everybody that was making money. Really? Yeah. Yeah. Everybody lived there. Three LW lived there. Raven Simone, a bunch of actors. Yeah, just a whole bunch of people. It was in Studio City. I feel like a TV show. Yeah, I was raised That's what's up Before the TV show.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. It was pretty fun going to the gym and seeing whoever. Yeah. Like, oh, okay. You working out today at one time you was, you was Applying a little bit of pressure on Nia alone. Can't blame you for that. My brother. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Can't blame you. I saw her this weekend. I didn't see her present, but I saw her on Instagram at Floyd Mayweather party. Oh my god. She's beautiful. Oh, She's beautiful. I would love to work with her. I would, I'd love to teach y'all to dance shit. I would love to work with her. Have you ever really shot your shot? No, actually, after that moment we were at like a party and she was occupied, so, yeah. No, I didn't get the chance to look at her in her eye. We're both Scorpio, so I'm not sure what the energy would be like, but yeah, She's, but once y'all catch that eye contact, So Yeah, yeah, no, she's, she's a beautiful woman.


And then, you know, also, I don't know, I don't know how young her son is, but yeah, I don't know how I don I don't know how young she goes. I don't know how exciting she wants her life to be. That's Nia Long, you know, she still Shooting that shot. I don Dunno how exciting she wants her life to be right now. Like 55, maybe 51. I don't think she, yeah, I don't know. Nia Long is I gotta Go look it up. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Now I gotta look it up. But yeah, you know, I'm not afraid to learn. So What is your, you, I'm Afraid you got, you got line, but every age bra she 54, but yeah, 54. That's not even old. Yeah. Yeah. That ain't too old for you. 54. Nah, Not when it's Nia Long. Not when it's Neal Long. Because I know some other 50 fours that Probably should Be like Jesus.


Yeah. I say, I said my age cutoff would be like 47. You know what Emini here, but a young, a young 50, a young 55. Yeah. I would definitely, you know what Emini here have a gathering or They all killing the young girls, by the way. Facts. The knee alone is Nia, Nia Layton Facts. Angela Bastards of The World, they killing me. That's facts. That's facts. I would love to, you know, get in, get into they mental state. All right, we got more with Omar when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's the E Envy Jess, Hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Omarion. Jess, What is your relationship now with B 2K? I always will honor, you know, my group, my foundation and, and, and you know, where I come from as far as personally, you know, we don't really have a relationship, but none Of them Not, not really, you know, I will say that Boo did come to one of my shows and we chopped it up, you know, so there'll always be a type of love there.


You know, we grew up together and yeah. You know, we, we did something in all of our lives that no one in our lives did. You know what Emini here. So I think that there's always an honor system there, you know, not to speak negatively ever. And it just be like, yeah, you know, that was that. Did You guys know each other before the group started or you guys were brought together as the group That's, we were brought together as the group. Yeah. The first time I met them, it was at a New Year's Eve party and they performed And I performed and it was like, you wanna be the lead singer? And I was like, yeah, dope. So, yeah. So yeah. Yeah. And what about you and Marcus Houston?


Are y'all close or No? Okay, got you. Yeah. Oh,


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCs moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online a P'S programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates, so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families. The preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit apu.apus.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple Call play in a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like Intelligent All-Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey y'all, I'm Maria Fernandez. My podcast when You're Invisible is my love letter to the working class people and immigrants who shaped my life. I get to talk to a lot of people who form the backbone of our society, but who have never been interviewed before. Season two is all about community organizing and being underestimated. All the greatest changes have happened when a couple of people said, this sucks. Let's do something about it. I can't have more than $2,000 in my bank account or else I can't get disability benefits. They won't let you succeed. I know we get paid to serve you guys, but like, be respectful. We're made outta the same things.


Bone, body blood. It's rare to have black male teachers. Sometimes I am the lesson and I'm also the testament. Listen to when You're Invisible as part of the Michael ura Podcast Network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Hunter host of Hunting for Answers on the Black Effect Podcast Network. Join me every weekday as I share bite-sized stories of missing and murdered black women and girls in America. There are several ways we can all do better at protecting black women. My contribution is shining a light on our missing sisters and amplifying their disregarded stories. Stories like Tamika Anderson as she drove toward Galvez, she was in contact with several people talking on the phone as she made her way to what should have been a routine transaction. But Tamika never bought the car and she never returned home that day. One podcast, one mission, save our girls, join the search as we explore the chilling cases of missing and murdered black women and girls. Listen to Hunting for Answers every weekday on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I don dunno why we thought y'all was real brothers. That was always real. You know, that was our thing. That was our thing back then. You know what Emini here, anybody that was a part of the camp was fam, you know, that's like, oh that's my cousin. You know what I'm saying? But yeah, no real blood type. You, You were one of the few people who probably experienced real celebrity, right? Because I don't feel like there's real celebrity no more everybody's could be a celebrity now. True. That's true. Like y'all had to like run from crowds. That's facts. You know, be be ducked off in disguise, like Yeah. How did that feel and was it hard to when you weren't feeling it Anymore? You know, it was amazing to, you know, look back on it. There was some times where, you know, I think Boo got hurt. He got lifted up into a crowd. It was like dangerous. You know what? Emini here because Five Little Strong Girls is, is stronger than the biggest man.


Know what Emini here. But looking back on that time and, and having it, you know, be a part of my experience as far as the organic, you know, energy between you and your fans was amazing. And when it changed, it changed. Not just for me, for everyone. You know, I think you still have a little bit of a fandom still today, but it's viewed different. It's almost like, are you okay? Why are you screaming? Are you okay? You know, I still, I still receive that love, you know, no matter where I'm at on the planet, people still come up to me and be like, wow, my childhood can I take a picture with you? So I always appreciate, you know, the influence that I've had on people's life experience through music, through movies, through. So yeah, I, I don't feel no way about it.


You know, I I definitely feel like, you know, a sort of an elder on the scene, you know, what Emini here that has had all the experiences. So It's just different when you got the, when you were a child star. That's, I'm saying you got that, that I guess that kid fan base, you know what Emini here, like they, they're, they act different Yeah. Than everybody else. Period. Yeah. And those fans are still with me to today. I, I'm, I'm so thankful for those fans that stuck with me because we're able to put on the Millennium tour, we're able to, you know, bring that nostalgia back on the planet. Which by the way, before the Millennium tour, you know, that wasn't the show. That wasn't the, you know, the set list for, you know, all of these productions. You know what Emini here to have a little bit nostalgia in your production.


It, you know, is, is a great thing. What Was the craziest story that you remember as a child and being going Crazy? A girl being in our room before we got there, you know, the security would have to like check the room. I, I always thought that was weird because, you know, nobody's supposed to be how They know what room, how were They girl sitting in there crouching down soon as we walk and we like, oh Yeah. So it was a green room or like A, it was a green room. And then all my personal room, we like, one of the workers just let themselves in And I was like half asleep And I woke up like, what are you Doing? Was a girl she was trying to gather And she was like, hey, She was trying to gather, to gather What she got. I'm like, well I'm asleep. No. What are you doing?


No, you gotta go. Damn. Wow. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So that was when it was like a little scary. That's when you was a kid? Yeah. Jesus Christ. Damn. Did you find that your fans grew with you? Yes. Okay. That's a lot of them Emini here. A lot of them still, you know, still pop up to the shows and come to the meet and greets and everything, so. Yeah. Yeah. Girls I grew up with from New York City, they know who they are. You know what, Emini here still come to my shows. They got kids, got got work, all, all kind of stuff. So You ever bring any of the kids and they got baby heads and, you know, long? Yeah, I say what's up to they kids? Yeah, kids named after me. Yeah, Named after you? Yeah, kids named after me and everything. Like yeah. It's, it's, it's, it's, it's a few kids out there named after Omarion.


But do they look Like Omar? Nah, nah. Could they be Omar's kids for real? Oh, no, no, no, no, no. Dancing at the, at the, at the, at the ghost, at the meet and greets. That's what you're asking? Yeah, Yeah. Nah, nah, nah. Okay. No, I haven't met any of those yet, but I'm pretty sure that I've, you know, inspired some kids out there. What about Bow? Wow. You think you and Baa ever do a joint album again? I'm Not sure. I'm not sure. I feel like if I'm gonna do, you know, any collaboration, whether it be rapper, singer, I feel like they have to have like, current music out, you know what I'm saying? Music that and, and you know, current music of the last maybe three, three years. You know what I'm saying? So yeah, if I'm gonna do a collaborative, it's gonna be like, okay, new music, we working on new vibes.


Why is that? Just because you feel like, you know, if, if you made music in the last three years, you actually care, you're active. Why? Yeah. You're active. Okay. Okay. You know what, Emini here, like, you, you know what's, you know, as far as producers, you know what Emini here, like what does that look like? And also I feel like you, you have a, like a better shot at putting something out, you know, like visuals. I think that today's artists, like, there's so many things that you have to do in order to, you know, really be visible. You know what Emini here. So I would want someone that as not just, you know, visible, you know, on social media, but like in the music too. I feel like you a Leo would cook up together. Oh yeah. That would be dope. That would be dope. Have You ever reached out to Leon To do anything?


No. No? No. Not yet, but we've crossed paths. Alright. Yeah, we crossed paths. I, I love to see what he's doing. You know what Emini here, like he, he's, he's actually a child star too, you know, he's someone that started very, very young. So to see where he's at today is just, is awesome. I feel like that's, you know, it, it's, it's very rare to see a lot of child stars continue on and continue to transform. And that's what I've always loved about music is, is you don't have to stop or you don't have to essentially get old. You know, you can pick up a, you know, a flute, you know, you can pick up an instrument, you can write, you can direct, you know, it's, it's so much to do in our business. What's, What's the one thing you wish you knew when you first started your career?


What, 40-year-old Mario. What would he tell 16-year-old Mario? I think about like life insurance policies, you know, trust, you know, just certain things that, you know, if you wanted to take a break, you could, you know what I'm saying? That's something that I feel like, you know, finances, I just, I, I wish I would've, you know, been given that game earlier on. I felt like, you know, maybe I would move differently, you know, if, if I had that. But, you know, everything is for is is for a reason. So Yeah, definitely check 'em out on tour. Millennium Tour 2025. You be in New York. What's the date We at the Barclays? March 21st y'all pop out? No.


March 17th. Oh, it's March 17th. That's What it says here. I don't know, maybe you, Well listen, changed for my city 'cause I know Baltimore, Baltimore would come out March 16th. He's at the C Bank arena. And then Barclays is the next day. March 17th. Thank y'all so much, appreci. And I know we seen Drake beat you in the dance battle too. Ah, Drake. Yeah. And Drake get a dance battle and Drake killed Him. I don't, I don't believe that. I didn't even see that, but I know, I know. That didn't Happen. Destroyed him. I don't believe that. Where at? At his birthday party. Oh, he was at a birthday party? Yeah, I was keeping, I was keeping it light. Yeah, light skinned. We up one. I don't believe that happened. It was your birthday party. Nah, it was his. Oh, okay, Okay, okay. All right. Well it is, it's The Breakfast Club of Omarion. Yeah.


All right, well let's get straight to the mess. Worldwide Mess on The Breakfast Club. She's the coach with Lauren, Lauren LA I'm back And I got the mess. Talk, Talk to me All y'all. So last hour we talked about Baby And I gave y'all some More Details, but I did wanna mention Drew Finland, who was baby's attorney, did send me a statement on this. He did not address the arrest warrant, but he says the part of the press conference on Wednesday by the Atlanta Police Department that made an obvious reference to Dominic Jones was completely in total nonsense to say that he couldn't shoot a music video in his hometown. A place that he loves and has continued to uplift is disgraceful even more. The location for a major music video shoot is a decision made by a professional team.


It is not a decision made by any individual bringing his name into a conversation regarding a terrible crime for which he had absolutely no involvement and is unprofessional, unethical and shameful. Dominique is devastated about the situation because those children came from the same neighborhood he did. And he will continue to build up his community in any way he can make. I'm not even a lawyer and my dumb ass know that. Yes, absolutely. That's why I said it just felt like a reach to a connectiveness, something like that over shooting a mu a music video. Right? Even if it is in a rival hood, I don't even know what that means. But even if it is in a so-called rival hood, Well we will continue to follow it, but I did wanna get that in 'cause Mr. Finland sent that over for us. 'cause he saw our report yesterday. But moving on, so we had Jim Jones on the show and Jim Jones talked about a lot of stuff.


It was a great interview, but he talked about a potential versus with 50 cent. And 50 cent has responded. Let's take a listen to what Jim Jones said. First Has Platinum records. Gold records. Number one records. It's not too many in New York. I got more solo records than most of them that really hit. Remember that you did like I got a lot of gold singles and a lot of, I got some action with me. It's gonna be hard for a lot of people from New York to win with Capo. And I got freestyles. I could do, I could do all I have a in New York City, it's gonna be hard. Mm. I would say that for anybody that Sounds like he wanna do one with 50 cent. That's what it sounds like. Sounds like juvenile. I Don't wanna do nothing with that sucker. You mean leap him out The conversation. You did That on purpose.


Y'all Didn't, you did, don't start because he said a rapper. He said New York and that's the only one that has a catalog. I know he was thinking And I just didn't wanna say it. Yeah. So after that I, I, I Knew and they chopped it up. 'cause I said Fabs first after I said Fab first and then I said 50, but, But the people are reacting most to the 50 cent because we know the obvious issue with Jim. And 50 50 cent responded and he said he posted the clip of the interview and his caption says he has the emoji eyes. Delusional. Jomo only got one song, bawling, written by Max B. Better shut up before I have True Life Chasing you around the city again. Then he said Fing punk. So I don't know if that sounds like he wants to do the verses or not, but basically you done started some trouble.


50 was Clay, I think before where he said he didn't wanna do the verses right. He said he wasn't doing verses he said he said it wasn't beneficial too. Yeah, Emini here. But I would, I would, I think anybody would tune in. I would tune in for that one. I think It'd be a great verse. Jim. Judge 50 got way too much commercial smashes. I, I would, for me, for Jim, it's people like Styles P Fabulous. Nah, I think Fab got too many commercial smashes too. Like, like Jim makes a lot of great JDK Hiphop. JD Ks got too many commercial smashes too. But a lot Street records saying you Don't got faith in. I think Jim and Styles would be fantastic. Two street artists who make that type of street music. I think they would be good in a verse. Well, we won't get Emini here.


We, we might get to see the other ones. We ain't gonna get to see 50, but maybe something will come of this. 'cause that clip is going crazy online as well as a few others. And I don't wanna see two cancers on stage. You don't wanna see that 50 and Jim, There's no telling where I could go. He says the cancer too. Yeah, there's no telling where I could go. Yeah, he's a cancer too. Oh my God. There's no telling where I could go. I don't wanna see That. We know where it'll go and we don't wanna see that, especially on television. I don't wanna see that. Well, in other news, Stefan Diggs, we've been talking about him a lot lately, but this is a, a different type of story involving him and a young woman. So he is suing one of his exes, a woman named Mulan Hernandez. So he just filed a lawsuit against her. He's accusing her of assaulting him and threatening to torpedo his career and attempting to extort him for millions of dollars.


So he says in in documents that he filed this week, that he had a casual relationship with her for a few months. And one day she showed up at his apartment around 6:00 AM back in June of 2024, after she was out partying and allegedly she began to aggressively berate him. He stated that she entered his gaming room and ignored his instructions when he told her to leave. And despite his attempts to diffuse the situation, she continued to go off on him. Eventually he says that she shifted her focus to his like possession. So she destroyed one of his like PCs 130 k watch and even tossed his phone in the toilet. She was really upset. Ooh. Then she claimed then Dick says that she allegedly punched him in the chest several times and said you won't be playing this year, which he took as a threat to his pro career.


He eventually left the home after she refused to leave. And he says that she proceeded to distance him. She, he proceeded to distance himself from her following the incident. And after several attempts to not con like she tried to connect with him but couldn't, she tried to ex to resort, to extortion. And she tried to do this using one of her homegirls. And this is I guess a homegirl that was also present during the altercation. Now he says that she visited a hospital initially that, that evening for nausea and vomiting after falling due to a wet floor in the kitchen. But then on June 14th she went to a different provider that she claimed she had a similar, she said, she said she had similar symptoms after being punched in the back of the head with a closed fist.


Digs says that he has never put his hands on her and says that any physical contact, any physical contact that did happen without a self-defense. He also says they had no contact with her leading up to the second doctor's visit, that she's claiming that she was physically assaulted. And he's also claiming that she's tried to extort him for millions and he's hoping that this lawsuit is gonna put it into it. So I thought that this lawsuit was interesting because normally with athletes it's the other way around. So I thought that this was an interesting lawsuit because it's him basically trying to protect himself in this and trying to, I guess I quiet the noise so she can kinda back up off him. He's suing both women actually for trespassing, intentional infliction of emotional distress assisting or encouraging aiding and abetting of conspiracy.


And he's also so Hernandez for Assault and Conversion, he's seeking relief of over $250,000, but no more than $1 million. So he is saying, do not play with him. Get your money King. Protect yourself at all times. That's the name of the game. Yeah, I'm not, I'm not Emini here. Listen, this is all alleged, but if, if this is what he gotta do, I'm not mad about it. Anybody should protect ourselves in a situation like this. Now lastly, Nope, you don't have time for a last week. Oh, That's it. Dang, it was some more trouble that y'all done started up here. But Look, that's the mess. Thank you Lauren Charla. Man, we giving that dokey too Man. We need Marjorie Taylor Green to come to the front of the congregation. We'd like to have a world with her please. Alright, we'll get to that next, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, you are checking out The Breakfast Club.


This is a miracle. There is no question that there are problems in this country between police and community. Yes You are a donkey To the latest on that police killing of a black man. Now a new developments in the Deadly Spa shooting rampage. This Is miracle. This is a really bad day for him and this Is what he did. And So we are in a state of emergency, Okay? White supremacist violence is, it always has been the number one threat to our society. But I'm also very proud that my wife is white. But The Breakfast Club bitches. Alright, Charlene, please tell me why was I your Donkey of the Day? Donkey today for Friday, February 28th.


The last day of Black History Month, right goes to Marjorie Taylor Green because Marjorie said during a house oversight and government reform committee that federal workers don't deserve their paychecks. You can't make this kind of stuff up. Let's listen. You can protest all you want outside of departments of this government. You can protest all you want, but the American people disagree with you. You're protecting the bureaucracy. The bureaucracy is not a business. Those are not real jobs producing federal revenue. By the way, they're consuming taxpayer dollars. Those jobs are paid for by the American tax people who work real jobs earn real income, pay federal taxes, and then pay these federal employees.


Federal employees do not deserve their jobs. Federal employees not do not deserve their paychecks. And these are jobs that can be fired at will. You can protest all you want out. I'm so confused. Federal workers are not real jobs and don't deserve their paychecks. I'm not the highest grade of weed in the dispensary. I tell y'all this all the time, but last time I checked, federal workers play critical roles in maintaining government functions. Public safety, national security. What do you mean when you say federal jobs aren't real jobs? You gotta be specific because are you trying to say military personnel isn't a real job? I can't think of a real job in protecting national security intelligence officers.


CIA, that S-A-F-B-I. FEMA workers air traffic controllers. TSA agents, listen, I'm medium retarded, okay? So correct me if I'm wrong. Not only do I believe those are real jobs, not only do I believe those people deserve their paychecks, I believe they don't get paid enough. FDA inspectors, VA doctors and nurses. Nurses or postal workers. What are we talking about here? Marrie to Ella Green. What would we do as a society without some of these federal work workers? I really wanna salute all the federal workers out there dropping a cruise bombs for all the federal workers. You know why? Because federal workers are humans. And humans deserve to have jobs to make money. Humans deserve to be able to pay their bills. Humans deserve to be able to pay their rent, their mortgages.


Humans deserve to live. And when you have a job, okay, you are able to provide for yourself and provide for your family. And when you don't have that, the stress and the anxiety and the depression and the anger and the rage that comes from being unemployed, I don't wish that on anyone. Okay? I told y'all, I was in Maryland a couple of weekends ago for my daughter's cheerleading competition. And it was folks coming up to me telling me how they either lost their job or were about to lose their job. Okay? I remember one brother from the FDA, he was white, okay? And his wife was black. And he said he didn't know if he was about to lose his job and his wife may lose her job because of the attack on DEI. So there is a real fear and pain that is happening in this country from federal workers, all because Elon Musk can, doge don't know what they're doing, okay?


For some reason, we learned nothing from history in this country. Okay? Doge, they know what they want to do, but they don't know what they're doing. And let the record show I am all for reinventing government. Lemme say that again. I am all for reinventing government and cutting waste and improving performance in federal agencies. But there is a constitutionally correct, lawful way to do it. And President Bill Clinton showed us the way from 1993 to the year 2000, okay? It was called the National Partnership for Reinventing Government. And they aim to make the federal government more efficient, more effective, and more responsive. And guess what? It worked Okay. America had a surplus of money during the Clinton era.


Go do your Googles. It's right there for us to learn from. And one of the main reasons it worked is because President Clinton and Vice President Al Gore worked with federal workers. The same people, Marjorie Taylor Green, just told us, don't have real jobs and don't deserve their paychecks. They worked with these federal workers and they encouraged frontline federal employees and managers to identify problems and suggest solutions. They didn't just dismiss them the way Elon Musk is and the way Marjorie Taylor Greene just did. What do you mean federal workers don't deserve their paychecks? That's a broad general generalization. Okay? Some federal workers don't deserve their paychecks, but that's why you get authorized bipartisan congressional legislation.


You work slowly over several years to identify inefficiencies. You involve federal workers in re-envisioning their jobs. So when you cut, you cut fat and not muscle. The blueprint to do this correctly and legally is right there. Bill Clinton showed us the way, but Marjorie Taylor Greene would rather attack the victims of the incompetence instead of attacking the incompetence of Elon Musk In Doge, Marjorie Taylor Greene is clearly shown she doesn't care about her constituents who work in the federal government. So why do her constituents care about her? I have an idea to make government more efficient and we can reduce waste in Congress by simply not voting for people like her.


Please let Chelsea handle, give Marjorie Taylor Greene the biggest. He haw. He Haw, he haw. That is way too much. Den mayonnaise. All right. Correct me if I'm wrong, okay? That's what the YouTube comments are for because I am medium retarded. Medium. You're not supposed to use that word. Medium, right? I know. I am largely retarded. You well done. Are the average the average, retarded, retarded age for a person? Oh my God. In America? God. Huh? What do you think? No, no. You, you, you're, you're above average. Okay. You when it comes to that. Oh, like short bus type. Okay. All right. Well TikTok took us off 'cause he said that.


That word. Yeah. All Chinese spyware. Anyway, Alright. TikTok took us right off soon as you said that. All right, well thank you for that dog in the day. All right, when we come back, Friday will be joining us r and b. Singer Friday. You know, Friday from God is, God did right. God, what? You must say God. God Emini here. I wish you would've just continued so we would've knew what you was gonna say. You be saying some stuff. I was gonna say that but alright, we'll be back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJNV. Just hilarious. Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. His album is out right now. Ladies and gentlemen, we have Friday here. Welcome brother. What's up Man? How y'all doing? Good. Getting some money Friday. I can tell when got some money now. It's A little different from last time, man. But you staying consistent though, y'all. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. You got, you gotta stay consistent. How You feeling though brother? I Feel amazing, man. You feel me? It's been 18 months since I dropped my last project, so the fans been waiting on this, so I feel good. I ain't gonna lie. What's changed over the last 18 months for you Personally and professionally? Yeah, I'll go personally just coming in the industry last time it was like my first foot.


Then now it was like I'm experiencing everything all at one. You know what I'm saying? Like the highs and the lows. Just everything that come with the fame is it's, it's been like the tricky past year, you know? Especially losing my dad condo. Lost my dad last year, just at the highest point of my life while I was on tour selling out shows. I got the call, I lost my dad. So just balancing that and working on the album for sure. You was in Europe when you got that call, right? Yeah, yeah. It messed me up bad. Like I get chills just talking about it. 'cause I was in theory when he died I just could see him gone. You feel me? His eyes open. I couldn't even talk to him, you know what I'm saying? Like, it's like bring real trauma. Like I, I cry every time.


Like I could think About it. Did put you on FaceTime With him or something? Yeah, it was just man, my mom put me on FaceTime and was like, your dad gone? I'm like, I couldn't believe it. I'm like, let me see. And I looked at his face, it souls all his body. I'm like, there's nothing I could do though. You feel me? I'm, I'm 12 hours away. So it hit it, it hit me every time I think about it. And that's the, that's where the record I guess with Meek Mill proud of me. 'cause y'all both lost your dad and that's what y'all talking about in that song. Yeah, for sure. You reached out to Meek for that or how did that song come come About? Yeah, I was at the, actually in New York, my album was already turned in so I pulled up on Meek at the concert, just chopped it up. Meek showed me love. He was one of the few artists that brought me out. Brought me up to my first show.


20,000 people. Mm. You feel me? So we been locked in since And I dropped a song like a month after my dad died and then Meek DM me, like my dad died too. So we connected even more on that and my album was done. Like I made that song probably like two months ago. You know what I'm saying? I just called him 'cause I knew it was gonna touch his, touch his heart, you know what I'm saying? And we was on FaceTime for like three hours, you know what I'm saying? I'm like, I'm pulling up on you in New York. Like I need this verse. Like I pulled up on him, he told me like, bro, I've been a writer's block for the past month, but I'm gonna knock this joint out for you. Feel me? So he was in the booth for 11 hours. Wow. Like I watched him stay in the booth 11:00 PM to 11:00 AM just making sure he got this done for his dad.


You know what I'm saying? Because drama Like that hits different Yeah. Different. You know what I'm saying? Sure. Yeah. And on. And the album is, some days I'm good, some days I'm not. Now I can't help but to, to notice on the, the cover. Yeah. You don't look happy at all. Yeah, for sure. It Don't. It's a dope cover. But yeah, it definitely speaks, it screams that you not okay. Facts and like that's how I wanted to cover you feel me? Everybody around me smiling too. Like being at this position, you almost make everybody else happy because they all getting something from you. So you might be outside everybody happy because like, but they not even wondering like how fried really doing because it's a lot on him. You know what I'm saying? Like, nobody even asks you like, bro you can.


Yeah. They don't really care 'cause we living like, you feel me, successful, but you feel me And you putting them in positions like, yeah, you changing my life. But they don't never even think like what bro going through. Yeah, for sure. But you Know, on the Pro


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCs moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.ap.edu/military to learn more American public university education that moves with you.


The World is constantly changing. If it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple Call play in a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like Intelligent All-Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey y'all, I'm Maria Fernandez. My podcast when You're Invisible is my love letter to the working class people and immigrants who shaped my life. I get to talk to a lot of people who form the backbone of our society, but who have never been interviewed before. Season two is all about community organizing and being underestimated. All the greatest changes have happened when a couple of people said, this sucks. Let's do something about it. I can't have more than $2,000 in my bank account or else I can't get disability benefits. They won't let you succeed. I know we get paid to serve you guys, but like be respectful or made outta the same things.


Bone, body blood. It's rare to have black male teachers. Sometimes I am the lesson and I'm also the testament. Listen to when You're Invisible as part of the Michael ura Podcast Network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Hunter host of Hunting for Answers on the Black Effect podcast network. Join me every weekday as I share bite-sized stories of missing and murdered black women and girls in America. There are several ways we can all do better at protecting black women. My contribution is shining a light on our missing sisters and amplifying their disregarded stories. Stories like Tamika Anderson. As she drove toward Galvez, she was in contact with several people talking on the phone as she made her way to what should have been a routine transaction. But Tamika never bought the car and she never returned home that day. One podcast, one mission, save our girls, join the searches, we explore the chilling cases of missing and murdered black women and girls. Listen to hunting for answers every weekday on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Proud of me record you. You you talk about how hurt you are, but then you say you, you heal your pain by buying diamonds on diamonds. Yeah, for sure. So a lot of people gonna be like, oh he good. Nah, nah. Yeah. It is just something that give me happy. You know, I might, I might be messed up and just go to the, you feel me? Go to shine real quick. I don't even, I buy jewelry. I just chill in in this jewelry store. Just look at it. You feel me? Because I, it's one of my trophies to me. You know what I'm saying? I'm one of 'em guys. Like, I ain't gonna wait for somebody to gimme a trophy, so I'm gonna go buy my own trophy. A trophy. They Call that retail therapy, but it, it's, it's temporary though. Like how long does that last? Yeah, it is temporary but it's a trophy to me. You know what I'm saying? So it's something like, I worked hard my whole life for, you know what I'm saying?


It is equal to a Grammy. I look at this like a Grammy, you know what I'm saying? For sure. Pull whole me, pull out my diamond test. Let see if you should be happy about this. I Stop man. Nah, you good. Go Ahead. I'm Just say warm up. Gotta warm up. I gotta warm up. You might be out here happy for for no reason. Don't. I'm good. All the way Good. This guy's crazy. Crazy. We got that old ass Diamond Testa. I was gonna ask, you know, how long did it take you to do this album? Because listening to the album you could, you feel the pain from the first song? Yeah. From the first song. How long did it take you to do this album? How difficult was it to do this album and it's so many elements in this album. That's that Scream gospel. Yeah, it took me like 18 months to do this album.


Like the last album. I was very still like, I ain't even go on tour yet. I just locked in for like a month straight and just boom, two months, 14 songs. But this album, I was on tour two tours, losing my dad. So it was like, it all came together like in 18 months. That's why it's even 21 songs on this album. It's just a process of me recording through the whole year making good music. I couldn't even take nothing out. You know what I'm saying? And also a reason why it's a double disc, you feel me? I, I got a lot of fans that love the RB side of me and the other fans that love the life. You know what I'm saying? The pain side of me. So I separated in that way just, just to feed my fans, you know what I'm saying? It's been a long time. Besides you, You grew, I'm sorry, you grew up in church, that's why it All Oh yeah, yeah, for sure.


My dad, my dad was a pastor, you know what I'm saying? That's why I learned everything like he forced music on me. You know what I'm saying? It wasn't no musicians in the church. So he told me and my brothers, y'all, I learned something, you know what I'm saying? Y'all gonna play something. And it kind of like came natural. Like I, I was playing instruments and singing in the choir since I was like 11. I, I wonder what the, the meek verse, was it the writer's block or the difficulty of making the verse artifact that y'all was, you know, sitting up talking about grief that took 11 hours? Like, what do you think it was? I think it's everything. You know what I'm saying? Like, when you make a song for somebody you lost, it's like you gotta get it done. And you gotta do the best you can for that person in that session too. Like I, if you look at my Instagram, I was probably crying tears the whole session, you know what I'm saying?


Like, 'cause while he was quoing, we couldn't hear, but like, when he finished his verse, even though he lost his dad when he was a kid, a lot of the stuff he was saying, like, was touching my heart in a different way. Like, I got everything, but I just really want to hold hands with my old man on wedding day while I slowed dance. You feel me? And just, I lost my dad, then my brother got married. My pop wasn't at that. So everything he was saying was just hitting my heart. So that, that session was a therapy session, bro. We was crying. Real tears in there. What other healthy conversations have led to art? I get, I get music like that. It's like a lot from a, like, experience, especially convos. Even like, I got a song called Some Days I'm Good, some Days I'm not on a album.


Like, that was a conversation I had with my manager just finding an album titled and then we found it. And right after we found it, I just went in the, my basement produced it and, and just freestyled that song. So a lot of my music come from experience for sure. Hell Yeah. Because Empty Stomach is still my favorite. Oh yeah. She a date. That's why I love just, she been showing me love since the beginning. For real though. All right. We got more with Friday. When we come back, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. We are The Breakfast Club. Friday's album is out today. I was gonna ask what else you been dealing with on, on, on this album in the last, I guess 18 months? 'cause besides your father passing Emini here, listening to some of these songs, it, it seems like your friends are snaked you.


Yeah. Seems like you know your friends only out for one thing. A girl did you dirty, like, there's so much pain, bro. I wanted to get, after he listen his album, I said, damn, I gotta give this brother a hug. Like you've been dealing. So what else Have you been? He just wanted to hug you because he wanted to hug you, man. Curse. You go three. But Like, like something comes down. Wait for me. Like there's records never leave. Like there's records where you're hurting. So Yeah, talk about that a little bit. I'd say like, being the first person to make it out, it's like a blessing and a curse. When you make it out, all eyes is on you. It'll be like the closest people around you. Like they just look at you to everything.


You know what I'm saying? And they even blame you for everything. You feel me? Like you just wake up and you get five calls. Like, bro, what you think about this business? Like, you feel me? I'm like, talk to me. Don't got no clue what they want to do. I'm like, all right, bet. Oh, Friday weirdo. Yeah, you don't want investing in my business Then that, that's another joke, you feel me? And it's like, I'll say this, like bringing people to the water. It's a blessing and a curse. 'cause they, they don't, they take it for granted. I'll say that. And then they blame it on you. You feel me? In a way, like say you bring people backstage, right? I put people in this room, they'll look at you to do everything else. No Liquor in the room. What a look at no food.


You ain't got no Food. They in a room with you and they be like, yo, text Charla ain't bro, just put you in the room with you just met eat artists, but you worried about girls, you ain't leaving no numbers and then you go to sleep like, yo, Friday ain't putting me in position. Only thing you could ask for is the, the door to be open. You feel me? So that's one of the things, big things going through, like making it out. For sure. I Tell you something that I wish somebody would've told me earlier. Focus on yourself, king. Nah, for sure. Because You can travel farther a alone and then when you finally get in the position you want to be. Yeah. Then you can help who is worthy of being. Nah, for sure. Yeah. Facts. You know another thing too, man, you say that the pain won't go away or you say that on some days I'm good, some days I'm not.


Like it's not, you know, it's not really supposed to. Yeah. Yeah. Like, Like you supposed to just deal With it, right? You supposed to deal with it. Understand it more. Yeah. And find the good in it. Yeah. You Said I know, you know, you might want to escape from it, you know, have a little drink or Yeah, buy some joy. But it's just, it's a natural thing. Like you should be grieving. You lost your pops. That's understanding For sure. Yeah. I'm learning that. I'm learning that as the days go by. Like I just understand it more. You feel me? I understand it and take it as a lesson of how I'm supposed to be moving forward with my life. So yeah. That's fact. It'll never go away though. I know. Shopping for jewelry and you know, just sitting in a jewelry store, that's your, that's your trophy, that's your therapy. But you don't have a professional therapist that you, you see? Nah, not yet. I'm thinking about it, but not yet.


I just, I really just go to the studio, you feel me? I, I just, I don't know, it's kind of weird. I don't wanna like pull my life out to Malia. Mm. I don't really know. You feel me? And I don't wanna pull my life out to somebody that I do know. Yeah. Because they might need something from me. So they'll tell me everything i, I want to hear instead of what I need to hear. So you did send You an invoice? Yeah. Little kid. Little kid. Yeah. Text you and all that. But yeah, I it When you ready? I started going to 2016. Just do it when you're ready. Yeah, for sure. That's Your Alarm? Nah, I don't think it's mine. That that mine. Sometimes I got alarms just to, you feel me? Pay this bill or something. Something like that. Just remind me, What was that reminder for Yo Noy As hell.


Like it was a gas light bill or something. A gas light bill. Okay. Okay. Lemme check this jewelry though. I need to see. There you go. It was making a lot of noise man. Hold on. I love when somebody step up. I love it. Run up in the jeweler right now, But it ain't making no noise. Why? It's not making no noises supposed to. Why you think it's not making no noise? Hold on. Lemme see. It's supposed to make noise. Whether it's fake or real. T ain't supposed to be quiet. No. Put stop Told us. Stop playing. This is the Yeah, stop playing. This is highlighted. The whole interview.


Like what are we doing? Chain your sweat a little bit. I'm cool. This would've been one of them days that he not having a good one. That's crazy. Crazy. But I like the come home record too for Yeah man. Oh you really listen this Time you ain't listening. Last time You talking come listen. Ain't listen time. What you got? We said that's how the land interview was. I'm right here with Charlo. Ain't like nla. What else you got? That was 10 minutes. Yo. I text NLA right after. I appreciate you. Si that, that would've been three minutes without nla.


No, but I like it though. 'cause you talk about how you put a, a woman through a lot of Shit. Yeah. I ain't say that. What you, what you rap about? What? What song you talking about? On the come home record. Oh Yeah, yeah, for sure. Exactly. In a way. In a way. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. Yeah. But to have that level of self-awareness. Yeah that's a, that's a great record writing wise, you know, it's, it's special. Like it's just, it is just explaining like is it too late for me to come home? Like me being outside late and doing all my dirt and just coming home, you know, when you come home you don't wanna feel like you don't wanna give nobody a hug. You gotta wash up first. You know what I'm saying? It's like one, one of them songs. Yeah, yeah, yeah, for sure. You said you, you steady trying to cover up your filthy side. Yeah, sure. I come home with a lot of baggage. I've been hard to manage. Yeah, for sure.


That song crazy. And it's not even about love, it's about whoever you coming home to. You know what I'm saying? Even if it's your kid, even if when you come home to see your mom, you gotta clean up before like me, I'm coming to see my mom. I gotta take a shower if I'm doing something crazy, you know? For sure. I once saw you say don't lose yourself in the music business. Can you explain to The which song, what song I said that on? I Don't think it was a song. You just was, it was in an interview or something. Okay. Okay. Yeah. It is just like, you just gotta stay grounded And I feel like I came in this game a little different so I can't speak for like the, like the hungry artists that's like wanna be everywhere, want to be at all the parties wanna be at all the sessions. But I feel like when you hungry you'll eat anything.


You feel me? When you starving you go for anything. It's like I'm hungry, I'll go to this party, I'll go to this studio session. I don even know who going be there. It might be Diddy Dang not even know who going to be there. Like you might go there, you don't even know what's going on. It's not even laid out to you. What's, you feel me? And I feel like that's, that's how a lot of upcoming artists lose themselves. They so hungry. It's like yo go anywhere. You know what I'm saying? A lot of the stories I hear I can't relate to. 'cause I'm just at the crib making music with my mom to this day, you feel me? And I stay with my brother. So that's how you just gotta stay grounded and just, and just focus on the music. Everything else is gonna come. Absolutely dope. Yeah, for sure. Some days I'm good, some days I'm not.


Album Is out right now. Pick it up. What's success to Friday? It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Laura La Roast is here and it's time for past the A. Yeah. DJ come spin. What's up Nyla? What's up guys? Big Nyla. NYLA. What's happening? Oh, nothing new. Just another Friday and I'm back again with the vibe.


So I'm gonna start Off first. How was your event last week though? Your producer of it. Oh, the Battle of the Beat. Yeah. It was a 10 out 10. I had such a good time. The producers were actually really fired. The person who won is actually from South Carolina. Really? Yeah. He's friends with Jehovah but what's his name? One take. One take. I don know one take super. One take though. One Take is a great name for a producer. Yeah. Shout out to one take. He did really good. Unfortunately I wasn't able to give him the prize though. 'cause it was like speakers and he didn't live here. But it's cool. But we're definitely gonna do that again. I think I'm gonna do that a little more periodically. Especially because producers just don't really get Yeah, any like shine or love. Ship Them as speakers Please. You know, if there's any like music companies who would love to be a part of the prizes for the producers, definitely tap in with me and then maybe we can just ship the gift to them.


Yes. Because you know how much it would cost me to ship a Speaker. It doesn't matter. You wanna be a promoter, you through the event. It's the Battle of the beach. Yeah. I got him something up. I gave him something up. What you gave him? I gave him a don't worry about it. I gave him something out. It's not as great. Ain't trying to sponsor the speaker send or what I know, Right. Big money. It's not My event. South Carolina is very big. Owned these people. Not my event. It says you don't be doing nothing for your hometown. What's up? I hear that all the time. Good job, Lauren. That's a lie. I've never heard that. Good. That would be great that I, I actually, I've only heard that once in my life from a hater, but yes. Okay. Cinema speakers though. Well, Speaking of other things and events that I went to, I went to this concert earlier this week at Babies All right From Noah Guy.


He's a r and b singer. Super, super dope. He's from Philly. And this isn't on his latest tape, but this was the song that really stood out to me from like crowd reaction. It's called Big Boys Don't Cry. Big Boys Cry though. Go ahead and be telling Emini here. Especially Big Beige Boys shut up with Bei in their bid. I don't have Beijing Big Beige Boys with Bei in their bid Cry. Nyla. I don't have Bei Nyla yo minute. You could start a group with that Big Beige Boys. That's like a, that sounds like a car group. And honestly you could start your own line like Die. Yeah. Fat already did that. Well Fat Joseph Paint that song could be the soundtrack. Nyla, You said what? The song could be the soundtrack for like his commercials and like when they all walk out all beige And there, there's something to it.


I like that tune though. That was a, that was a good tune. Yep. Yes. Shout out to Noah Guy. Okay, cool. I'm gonna keep it in the RB pocket. Johnny Venus, who is a part of Earth Gang dropped a record with black, it's called So Beautiful. And I will say it's low key kind of giving me Prince vibes. Mm. See put you put too much expectation on it. That's a lot of pressure right there. Now I'm already ready not to like, it let's it Oh my gosh, I like it. You like it? I like it. I'm messed it. Dig it. But you see, y'all gotta, shouldn't have said Prince don't. You should just let us hear it. Expectations just let us hear it. Okay. Okay. And now I'm thinking I'm, I'm about to Oh, I'm about to hear something phenomenal. All right. All Right. And It's, it is good. But well, I will say that I did hear some of his other music and it's definitely phenomenal. Okay, that's good. But that ain't like he, I I'm not, I don't wanna see Johnny Venus on stage with his ass out.


You know what I'm saying? Prince music was so good. He could be on stage with his ass out When, when you said Prince, I was thinking ass out type of music too. I just all, I just don't wanna see him on stage with his ass out. Period. You don't take Some kind of records yet. You, when you get to that level of musical genius that Prince did, you can have to be on stage with your ass out. Okay. Resting peace to the God I'm a Okay, I'm gonna play you some other stuff. I, because it's there, it's there to me. It's giving like Prince mixed with Andre. Stop. Stop. He does stop. He does Johnny Venus, she's setting you up for failure. Stop. It's dope. It's a dope record. Thank you. It's a dope record. Make sure you guys tune it out. Black is on there too. He has a, a great feature but, okay, so I wanna get into the stallion currency record. And I just wanted to shout this one out because I seen Wiz Khalifa doing remixes to like Kendrick record.


He did a remix to j Coles cloud. So I'm just excited because I'm really feel like it's 2010 again with the nostalgia. Yeah. I want to ahead, I'm gonna go listen to it later. Yeah, it's, it's a phenomenal record I've had on repeat since it's dropped. And then also I heard some unreleased spitter records that are also tough too. So it's gonna be a good year for rap. I know I said that earlier this year, but I just wanna get into my very last one. I'm gonna take it to the West coast. It's Ray V. He dropped a record called Cemetery Ladder. Love It. Okay. I like that. Love it. Love It. Loved it. What's the difference? What he said? He said what's the, what's the sense of dying for a rapper? You gonna be dead by the summer Emini here. I'm paraphrasing because I just heard you think them Sc Streets gonna love you like your sister, your mother, it was fine. They gonna cry for you like your niece will. Woo.


I Ray Rayon. Shout out to Rayon Or I tripping. Yeah. Okay. Flew through Rayvon. Yes. That's All I, I like it. But I will say that I, on my tape that's coming out this year, we did sample the same sample and the beat is way fired but Rayvon did do his thing. Mm. I'm Just say that. But if you guys like what y'all heard, make sure you guys follow me on Instagram at Nyla Simone, that's N-Y-L-A-S-Y-M-O-N-E-E-E. And then make sure you guys follow, it's a certified vibe. We're gonna have our next event on March 21st and then we're also starting our very first biweekly party. It's gonna be a rap night Records like Rayon record to be played. Then you know records like the RB joint Rza Wu-Tang?


No, no, no. The RB party's at Saint. This is a new spot called Alala that just opened in Brooklyn. Okay. Really cute. So make sure y'all pull up on me. Alright And salute. Thank you Nala and salute to our brother Louis v. Today is DJ Louis v's. Birthday. Happy boy Day man. Happy. Oh my God. He's my grandma's birthday twin. Happy. Yesterday was her birthday. Happy Morning Day. Lawrence Grandma. I wanna say happy born day. Louis v.


Louis V will be providing the soundtrack at the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival. Happening Saturday, April 26th at Pullman Yards in Atlanta, Georgia. If you've been to the first two Black Effect podcast festivals, you know it's a good time. We got Mandy and Weezy hosting this year. We have the Trap Nerds podcast for all the gamers out there, good Moms Bad Choices is going to be hitting that stage. The Neck is Sports Podcast with Carrie Champion r and B Money with Tank and Jay Valentine and the Woman of All podcast with Sarah Jakes Roberts. So make sure you go get your tickets right now. They are. They went on sale yesterday actually. So go to black effect.com/podcast festival to get you tickets for the third annual Black Effect podcast Festival happening April 26th in Atlanta. That's right. That's Coleman Yards. That's a monster lineup by the way. That's Right. Great lineup. I have a feeling it's gonna be a lot of women in the building. So Brothers, brothers, you need to be there. You got Sarah Roberts liner. Sarah Jake Travis. Can't wait to get some guy from her. I love her. I'm gonna have a prayer over one of your wigs. Oh, get your tickets right now.


Face Milk, D nose. Ugh. You just get on my nerves. Well, let's get to the mix. I'm, let's get to the mix. We throw it back on the Friday, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, you are checking out The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody, it's djj, MV Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is here. It's Black History Month. What we doing? SLU to my guy bdo Man. You know, every day during Black History Month, BDO puts out a podcast called, I didn't Know, maybe you didn't either. On the Black Effect iHeartRadio Podcast Network. And today he's just going to give you a rundown of all the black history he covered this past season. Let's discuss On today's episode of, I didn't Know, maybe you didn't either.


Can we just take a moment to reflect on this journey through black history that we've been on 28 episodes in one month? We did it Know On season four of, I didn't know. Maybe you didn't either. We covered everything from Dapper Dan flipping the script in fashion to Paul Revere Williams literally turning the tables on racism in architecture by mastering upside down drawings. Bro was like, oh, you don't wanna sit next to me in the meeting? Cool, I'll just hit this flip and still be the best in the room.


Now that's some petty energy that we can all get behind. We highlighted the women in season four, like Grace Wisher, the 12-year-old the Princess to Betsy Ross that stitched up the American flag, or Biddy Mason who went from being enslaved to owning half of LA or Alice Parker. Sis invented Central Heaton. Just furthermore proof that women been bringing the heat, you dig. But of course it wasn't all wins, right? We had to talk about the ugly stuff too. Jay Marion Sims, AKA, the so-called father of gynecology out here performing experiments on black women without anesthesia. Then you fast forward with that to today and black women still don't get the care they deserve in hospitals. Like how are you more likely to die from stereotypes than actual diseases?


But we also show love to the culture. HBCUs like WSSU and Fam, the first black football game that was us even discussed the parallels of HBCUs and pbis, predominantly black institutions. Then the language they used back in the day like drape Romania that what they called enslaved folks who wanted to escape like, oh you wanna be free? Oh that must be a disease and now we're here done. And I know you like, damn, that's gotta be it, right? Nip in the words of Jesus Christ at that wedding when they ran outta wine, let's keep the party going. Starting in March, we dropping new episodes every week. And it's not just black history anymore, it's anything that I didn't know.


Maybe you didn't either. For example, did you know JAL White Urkel auditioned to play Rudy on the Cosby Show? Yeah, Rudy was supposed to be a boy, but Keisha Knight pull and pulled up and was like, yeah, I'm him. Or here's something else that I didn't know. Maybe you didn't either. A snail's mouth is smaller than the head of a safety pin, but they got 20,000 teeth. Oh yeah, we diving into all the random weird and amazing stuff that I didn't know. Maybe you didn't either. So stick with me And I promise we'll laugh, we'll learn and we'll leave every single episode saying, damn, I didn't know.


Maybe you didn't either. I didn't know. Stay curious. Well, happy Black History Month Sw to my guy B dot. He covered everything from the first HBCUs to the Children's March in 1963. So we're all smarter because I didn't know, maybe you didn't either. Thank you dot and make sure you go subscribe to that podcast on the Black Fact iHeart Radio podcast Network. 'cause it's available all throughout the year. Alright, when we come back, we got the positive notice, The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. I wanna salute to Second Chance Rescue is an organization that gets dogs and dogs that are abandoned or left or stranded.


And they really asked people to donate dog Emini here. Not donate dogs, but to adopt dogs. So salute to them. I ran into 'em yesterday. I promised my kids I would get them a dog. And we were, I I was asking on air about specific dogs And I wanna salute to the brother William, who's ex-military who I reached out to yesterday who was on the phone with me for a hour and a half yesterday, just breaking down dogs and the types of dogs. And I just wanna say thank you to that brother. I know he owns a, a business called Regal Doman, but I just wanted to say thank you 'cause he didn't have to be on the phone that long and you found One. Yeah, I think I found one. It is not born yet, but I think I did find one. But he was just telling me the, you know, different dogs and their temperament and you know, hair and, you know, do they shed And he, he, he, he's very knowledgeable.


Like I said, he was military, so he trained him in the military. So I just wanted to say thank you to that brother for being on the phone for that long. And my wife asked a zillion one questions. So thank you to that brother. Well salute to him. And I just wanna tell everybody this weekend, make sure you go get your tickets for the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival is happening Saturday, April 26th at Pullman Yards in Atlanta, Georgia. It will sell out. It's sold out the first two, the first two years that we've been doing it. So thank you to everybody for that. But this year, man, I'm telling you it's gonna be a lot of women in the building because we got Mandy B and Wheezy of Decisions. Decisions hosting it. Dope. The Trap Nerd Podcast will be there for the gamers. We got good moms bad choices, they'll be there.


The Naked Is Sports Podcast with Carrie Champion will be there, the r and B Money podcast with Tank and Jay Valentine. And we got the Woman Involved podcast, which Sarah Jakes Roberts. Okay, so make sure you go get your ticket Saturday, April 26th at Pullman Yards in Atlanta, Georgia from 11 to seven. You can go to black effect.com/podcast festival to get your tickets now. All right, well you got a positive note. I do, man. And the positive note is simple. I want you to remember this, this weekend. It's from the great Dr. Wayne w Daya. Always remember, conflict cannot survive without your participation. Remember that when somebody working your nerves this weekend, conflict cannot survive without your participation. Have a great day Breakfast Club bitches you don't finish.


So y'all done.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCs moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online a's programs. Make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone, for active duty, military and their families. The preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran Grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit apu.ap.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you.


The World is facing urgent, monumental issues and you may be the decision maker who can ascend to that next level in your career and make a global impact in the heart of Washington dc Gain world renowned expert knowledge and a global network as you pursue a master's degree and turn your passion into practice. Thousands of the world's leaders discovered what they're truly capable of at the George Washington University's Elliot School of International Affairs. Are you next? Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? How goes lower from Blumhouse tv, iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series.


Join the flighty Damien Hurst as he unravels the mystery of his vanish boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Let's sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously. Listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island Stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes, but don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca Ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses, but everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing. Karen, where have you brought us? Cancellation Island. Where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.