
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts KFC, chicken and Waffles, fresh juicy chicken and rich waffles with syrup. It's the kind of sweet and savory order that will make people stop whatever they're doing and stare in envy. So as you dig into your mouth, ordering original recipe chicken and warm waffles, or dip them in your syrup, try not to eat near people, crossing the street, driving cars, handling heavy objects, or operating heavy machinery, you know, for their safety. KFC Chicken and Waffles is the order people are gonna envy. KFC is finger licking good.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free. With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


Hey, it's Jay Shetty and I'm bringing my first ever on purpose live tour to Washington DC on May 21st. Presented by Chase Sapphire Reserve. Join me in surprise guests for meaningful and insightful conversations. To spark learning, experience, growth, and build real connections. Chase Sapphire Reserve card members can redeem their chase ultimate rewards points for VIP packages. To meet me before the show or visit Jay sheddy.me/tour to get your tickets.


Good morning, usa. Yo yo, Yo, yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo. Just Hilarious. Good morning, Charlamagne The guy. Peace to the Planet is Friday. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and highly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What's happening? Why you got them sunglasses on? Because I'm drunk from last night. That's why. Crazy. Okay. Definitely drunk. I seen him with a lawyers cup, a tequila. I was like, what are you doing with that? He had the same cup all night. I'm like, come on. And then I walked up To home. You had the same thing all night. One Point I definitely did. Had the same. That's what you all Night, whatever. And this morning, well, last night y'all went to go see Kendrick Involved.


We went go see Kendrick at the MetLife. Right. And c And I walked up to this. Yes. And CI walked up to him at one point. He was like, yes, yo, I'm so drunk. Like, yo, you are not drunk. Stop trying. Like stop trying to be cool. But he, we, he a sweet, he treated us to go. So I thought that was really, really dope. I, I was not drunk. I know you wasn't Drunk. You weren't even drinking. Having the same shot for three hours is crazy. I feel a little tipsy right now. Nothing crazy though. You Was drinking a little bit though. It was lit. How was the concert for you? Why you got your Head up like you, like you, Stevie wanted, he got his head up. This such A clown Me Switch beast this week. Are you doing Beast was at the Met acting blind. Like Stevie Wonder. He was holding Alicia Keys arm. Alicia was guiding him around. Alicia had the Stevie Wonder Braids.


Oh my God. Last night was a fantastic, okay. Yeah. That was the show. The Grand National Tour is an amazing tour. You know what I like seeing? I like seeing people be unapologetically black at the highest levels. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, because that crowd was, was how, how many percentage of white people you think Jesse? Oh, I think it was about maybe like a good 65. Yeah. Or 65% white. Yes. What? And they knew everywhere to everything. That's Dope. That's Dope. But the beauty of Kendrick and beauty of SA, especially Kendrick, they, he's not, he's never conformed. So he's not, he's not doing anything to appease anybody. He's making the art that he wants to make. And it's unapologetically black and you either like it or you love it or you don't like it. But it seems like a lot of people love it. They was in the MetLife last night having a bump.


Yes. My kids went last night. They, they said they really enjoyed it. My daughter is a huge Scissor fan, so she says she loved it. She was like, scissor can really sing live. Yes. It sounded amazing. So they had a a, a great time last night. I took the kids to go. I went, I took the other kids to go see Wicked on Broadway. So we went to go see Wicked on Broadway. Have you seen it yet? No. It was, it, it was great. It was great. It was long. It was long for the younger kids, but it, it was, it was really, really, really, really good. We had a great time last night. Show started at seven. Ended at about 10. 10. Same. Yeah. 10 10. So hell No. Ain't no. Alright. 1145 is 10 45. Actually ten five ended four times like church. And, And, and by the way, if you going to the show tonight, they start on time four.


Yes, they Do. They Mustard starts at, at, I think 7 15 15. He goes until 7 45. Seven Five. And Hendrick starts not 8 0 1, but eight. No eight. Yes. Not eight 14. Eight 15. Yes. Not eight 20. Eight 15 on the die. Eight 15 on The Die. And him and Scissors show is intertwined and they get off stage at like 10 45. So they are not playing in no way, shape, or form. And when they are done, you look at The clock, it's literally 1145. 10 45. 10 45. Yes. It felt like 1145. Right on die. Because I'm still tired. Yes. This is the makeup from last night. And this the outfit from last night. But you know how outfit dope outfit Outfit, nobody really saw you. Ain't nobody really saw me. And I Have saw me. So I was like, I'm wearing this. I wearing, I getting That's right. By the Way, you and Chris was killing it last night. Thank you. They walked in in like, they was about to perform after Mustard.


Like it was gonna be Mustard. Chris and Jess, and then Kenrick, you're a clown. Thank you. We did Did, it was a part of this show last night where they got a sketch and Scissor turns this Kendrick and goes, all your fans are Mexican. Right. That was so, And Chris goes, that's f that's crazy. That's Crazy. Whatever. Then Chris walks up and X like, he's like, dang, we got wings and aint no taco. Ain't no taco. I'm like, excuse me, real. Come on. That's not the first thing I ever devastated this man. Yes. I was like, come on babe. Come on, come on. Stop. It's not Tuesday. Was he joking or Is he serious? No, he wasn't Taco. He was serious. Yeah. He loved tacos and you know, all that stuff We had, we had a good time. It was a dope. My daughter's a huge Scissor fan.


This is the second scissor concert I've been to in two years. 'cause I took her to the SOS show last year, and her and her friends wanted to go see SSA again this year. And they went ccra her friends, you know, they love Charma. Daughter is cool. She like real, real cool. Her friends went crazy when s CSA popped up off that ground. All the girls, everybody, it was crazy. She's like, literally like the black Taylor Swift. Barely. I'm telling you somebody, y'all Said that last. I believe that So loud. Yes. Chris. Chris. Chris said that. Yes. Like she's like the black Taylor Swift, like everybody scream. Ah. And, And I know we gotta get into the show. Maybe Taylor Swift was a white scissor, but Lauren, But Lauren walked through the Oh, Lauren was there. Yes. But she came late. Why did Charlamagne like run up to us when we came in? Right.


Me and Chris got there second. He run up to us. Yo, guess what I said. Well, he was like, Lauren got her hair done. I'm like, why is this a PSA and why are you so excited? Why you Say it like that? Don't ever say that. Like, oh, okay. She's getting her hair done. All I ever wanted was a black grand national. Jesus. All right. Well today on the show, Ms. Pat will be joining us. Big Pat, miss Pat settles. It comes back Wednesday, 10:00 PM on BET. And Emma, greedy will be joining us. Emma. Greedy. Getting a lot of money. Emma greedy is the CEO of good CEO and co-founder of Good American. She's a a founding partner of Skims. And she has a a a, she got a lot of stuff going on. Yeah. He Can't Remember. I like Emma. Emma Dope. Stacy got, she got a lot stuff.


No, Emma, I a dope. I like him. She's really dope. Well, let's Get the show cracking. Start off with some Kendrick. Kendrick, man and Scissor. You got Kendrick and Scissor. 30 for 30. There We go. It The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Start off with some sports. September bowls. Meet the Warriors last night. One 17 to 93. Alright, what's up Morgan? Good morning and Happy Friday. Y how y'all feeling? Speeds. Morgan less black and Holly favorite. How are you ma'am? I'm doing good. I love to hear it. All right, so let's get into it. First up on the front page, a new Pope has been elected and he's an American from Chicago, the South side. To be exact. You shout Pope drill. Pope drill Pope get a drill pop for real.


Nah. Pope Leo the 14th is the first American Pope and Catholics in the Catholic church's history. White smoke rose from the chimney of the Sistine Chapel around 6:00 PM yesterday. Vatican time deafening cheers. And Bells rang with tens of thousands of people packed in St. Peter's Square to celebrate. Now the 69-year-old was formerly Cardinal Robert Francis Provost, born and raised in Chicago, south side. And he then selected that name Leo. His brothers John and Louis Provost shared how they felt following the announcement. Let's take a listen to them. It's totally unreal. Totally surreal. And it's a tremendous, tremendous thing to take in. But it's something to be very proud of.


Shocking, surprising, Exciting. I, it's, I, I'm almost speechless. It's just mind blowing that my brother was elected Pope. I'm gonna be honest with you, I have no idea what any of this means. I didn't know what the Pope's nationality was before, but it was never American. Never. This the first time. So this is a big deal. America. Yeah, he was from South America. It only took two days and five rounds for votes for cardinals to select the new Pope. More than 130 cardinals from around The World have cast their ballots to replace Pope Francis. Now Leo, interesting facts about him. He attended Villanova in Philadelphia. He was also in Peru for two decades where he became a bishop and a nat naturalized citizen of the country.


He's been serving in the Vatican where he oversaw a selection of new bishops and he's been seen as the centrist and on some key issues, social issues, as he has also viewed as progressive. Interesting fact. A noted genealogist says that Pope Leo is the 14th, has a, has an ancestry of a Creole ancestry of color with roots from New Orleans on his mother's side. The US census shows that Robert, yeah, his late mother was a mixed race daughter of a Haitian born father and a Creole mother To the Pope. Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. So I think, I think that's just some interesting facts about the Pope.


It doesn't look like we have much time for the next story, but I will say that transportation, Sean Transportation secretary Sean Duffy is calling for massive investment in the country's air traffic control system. And we talked about it yesterday and matter of fact, I'll just get more into that in the seven o'clock hour. So is the Pope like a priest? Like, like how? Like what kind of reverence is the Pope? He highest, he's not royalty, right? He's, yeah, he's the highest. He Church. He's being highest. Yes, he's the highest priest. In fact, they call him holy father. Yeah. They say after God is the Pope, that's what they say. So What about Jesus? Well that's what Emini here after God and Jesus hierarchy. Hierarchy. Yes. Jesus. Highest. What About Moses? A guy, come on now. The Pope can't be third in line. Come On. Don't keep naming all Saying In the Bible.


Oh my goodness. No you're not. I don Know though. Gonna say Catholic. That's not the right department. That's two different departments, not the right Department probate in the Bible. Like Emini here. I don't know. Yeah. Has he walked on water? Has he turned, you know, water into Hennessy? But he did Say, he said the Knicks are gonna win. He said he put his arm around Jalen Brunson Hart and Macal Bridge because they all went to Villanova. So he knows them well. And he says the Knicks got it this year. How Old is he? Don't they have white Named band? Which is interesting. A White Sox fan. You know Chicago Sls, the honorable minister Louis Farrakhan. How Old is he? What? What? Yeah, I just felt like doing that. Okay, nice. I see what you did. Yes. What else Morgan? That's it. Everybody else Morgan will see you next time. I'm sorry Morgan. The classman out out last night and they a little tipsy. That's, you know.


Sorry. And he's 69. Jess. He's 69. Who Do the 69? A little young. A little young. Oh Lord. Here we go. Yeah, The post. Oh My goodness. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 5 Black grand National. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Get it off your chest. Let us know how you feeling. Have you ever been to work with a drunk coworker? Maybe that's how you feel right now. Yeah. Oh boy. It's gonna be a long one. It's the breakfast pause. Oh God dang. It's Right. It's The Breakfast Club. The Breakfast Club. It's a new day. This is your time to get it off your chest. Wait, wake up Whether you're mad Or blessed, It's time to get up and get something.


Call up now. Eight five eight five one oh five one. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? Good morning, Dday Ivy. How are you sir? Oh, I'm doing well. How are you sir? How Are you? Oh, you know who this is? Yeah, this Is Mr. Show Money. Mr. Show Money, Mr. Show Money. What up? What's Up Mr. Show Money, what's Going on? What's going on bro? Yo Envy? Yes sir. I'm about to rap on the show man. I'm about to go on my deliverables And I full profession. I need a couple of cards And I got two Cs left. I've been hitting you up trying to get a couple cars. I ain't, you know, I'm trying to put this thing together. My cars, they don't do video shoots. No, no, no. Not your cars.


Come on. What you mean? You Let Safari borrow your car for a Video shoot I let Offset too. Why would I ask Borrow Your yo Yo. You let Safari borrow car. You can't let anybody borrow on Car. That was a long time ago. Changed, evolved shit too. Yes, Mr. Show money. Hey, What's going on Jess? I'm sorry, how are you? What's up Babe? I'm good. You know they so rude. You know, lemme me speak to the lady on the show man. My goodness. Listen, Charlamagne. Yes Sir. I got A new segment for ya. You remember when we was kids, they had that show. Kids should have done this thing. You remember that show? Yes Sir. Yeah. Okay. I got a new segment for y'all. You ready? Envy. What the hell? Envy. What the hell? So You know, sometimes envy say things.


Yeah. And that's the segment. Like, you know, sometimes you know what the hell. Yeah. But the beauty of our envy, he don't, he do it. He, he don't do it on purpose. That's what make it funny. Right. He just retarded. That's Word. That's why a segment. You can't use that word retarded sir. That's why I call him Little Red Riri. Who said retarded? Who Said that? Who said that? Now you deaf. I Didn't say retarded. Exactly. That man ain't even say that. Who Said Retarded? No I didn't. Hell Listen real quick before y'all hang up on me. Charla, Listen. Nah, hold, we gotta go. They said he was gonna, they said don't answer that. Huh? That's so disrespectful. Alright, lemme go back but no, Mr. Somebody and be hung up on you. Mr. How'd I hang up on him when he is there? Hello? Hello? Mr. Hello?


Hello? Yes. Hello? Listen real quick, I can, I just tell man I'm asking you before I even do that, I know you be calling people about this. I need a little bit of help. I'm at the end of the rope. Can I shout out my cash app? Yes sir. Sir. Lemme just tell you Why. What the hell? Okay. My cash app is King. K-I-N-G-S-H-I-M-M. King Shi King shi lemme Tell you why. Yes. S-H-I-M-M like Mary and saw on my Instagram page. Mr. Show Money. You throwing some money? Charla? I'm in Postproduction, I'm in, I'm in Postproduction.


I'm trying to get this thing out there this summer. I need a little brother. Get to the finish line. All right my brother. It's a little bit of help Charlie. You gotta help him get to the finish line. Respect To you. Show money Charlie. Listen, listen, listen. I ain't asking. Listen, You gotta let get to this finish. Five, $10. I ain't trying to, you know, come on nv. That's right. You know you show love. I got six kids. Sorry You, you gave Guy five grand for no reason why Emini here. Come on man. You Gave somebody five grand for no reason. How you, You, You found no Bunch of people money up here on the radio. You Gave somebody $5,000 for no reason. We did. It had to be a reason. Remember that Man. Nah, that man gave him me some. You Crying boy. 5,000 money, cash. Remember throwing the house out of Detroit.


Oh my goodness. So I think a family, remember I think a family's house burned down or something like that and they didn't have no money in no toys. No, I ain't Never heard that one now a long time ago. It's the new one. I ain't never heard. No, No, no. Envy. Envy when you catch up the wrong guy. Yeah, that happened too. Yep. I know what you're talking about. I cashed up. Remember Cash? Hell, $5,000. Yeah. Thank you. Show money. I didn't even know you can send that much on Kha. Yeah, I sent sent somebody the wrong money he had. It was like a Oh wow. He had a, it was like Ss And I just put s And I sent him five grand. Nah, that man. Did you get it back? You was paying him for his services? I did. I did get it back. His services Guys, if you just listening Charlamagne and just went to see Kendrick last night and Charlamagne's drunk.


That is Not true. Stop making up stuff on this radio to go see them last Night. You wanna go see? Yeah, I went to go see them last. You got drunk? I did cocaine. Didn't get drunk. Don't do no alcohol. We do coke, cocaine. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Calling 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Trav help What you need help with Envy. Who bother you? Is it Charlemagne? Yes. He Went to go see Kendrick last night. I went to go see the greatest and he drunk the greatest lyricist of our generation. What This gener whatever generation That was.


Char. Lemme tell you something. Hmm Sha I'm gonna tell you something Shara. Whenever you get the j Cole suite, come holler at me. All right? I would never shoot. No, that's no disrespect to Jay Cole. Yes it is. That's all disrespect. I just would not do that. That is disrespect. No, I respect j Cole because he from the Carolinas. That's just not, that is disrespect. I don't You said I would never not like, okay, I'm, see I wouldn't You Just say never. I I just know I wouldn't, that's foul. And that's not a disrespect. A disrespect. I'm Gonna say you something. If you Charlemagne Char may sound a little drunk over there. Wash your butt. You right. I better wash my butt. That's why I need help. Not help Watch my butt. You gotta wash your butt. Why would you wash your but yes. Why? Looking like somebody, first lady looking like somebody. First lady from a crooked church.


Crooked is crazy. Trav. I'm sorry you grabbed the husband going to prison. Travis. They drunk. They all drunk up here. Another shot. Lauren came up here looking very mysterious. I weird. I I Thought he was having a ball last night. She Look mysterious. You, you do look mysterious. Really, really crazy. One looks mysterious. One got on Sunglasses. Jess is the only one that's normal. Sure is. And not enough People seen me On top that what you had on yesterday Chad. I'm sorry. Mysterious. I Still look good. All that. You good?


You good Chad? What you call up here for? Well I wanted to talk about something but y'all sound like y'all little, y'all little Tell us Trav. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go, go ahead. What you wanna talk about? Go ahead Trav. Actually I was wanna talk about walking contradictions this morning. Right. Okay. We all are. So yes, I know Y'all heard about the white lady that raised all that money from calling the little boy the N word. Yes. Yeah. And then so my cousin is like super upset about that. Right. And which which he showed me as a black man, which I'm upset about it. But he is the same cousin that really got into a huge argument because he likes to use the F word, like the F word, the Gayle. And I was Telling him like, bro, you can't be using slurs towards communities and they get upset.


Yeah. When somebody uses a slur towards our community. Like you part of the problem. Yeah. I can see why you would call you that. I can see why he say you shut up and didn't call you that Right. Dead trav. Hello. Hey. Yo. I can see why. Why call you that when he get mad at Oh That's right. And then she put a little but it take me in my lesson. Yo you goodbye track. Yo. Today is wild. He, the show said he wasn't drunk last night. It was coke, cocaine. Then he said his wife sticks. A what? He did some wrong. Joking. Gosh. Which What you joking about though? Why you got your show out? Why no serious. Yo she love a little shoulder. Exactly. Yes.


I That's right. Oh my gosh. You know what you look like? You look like you got dressed for a talent show. Like your mom was like, this is your big break. Lauren. You got show you can sing Wearing I don came to Delaware. I don. Oh my goodness. We have to with Lauren coming up. Yeah. Yeah. I'm sorry guys again, if you're just joining us, they took a class trip to go see Kendrick and they all twisted. I'm sorry. Look, she, I said do you have to lead with Lauren? She don't even know she's looking at No, I do. I wanna know how tonight too. No, no, no. What we gonna talk about last night because we gotta talk about Drake because Universal Music Group is hitting back at his lawsuit that he amended. Remember he talked about the Super Bowl and The World ped, the word pedophile, which by the way, no one Emini here.


Kendrick didn't say at the Super Bowl. Everybody in the Super Bowl said it. And last night night he told us. I was about to say last night everybody where we was at said it too. Everybody, everybody. You can't get around It. We gonna get into the what did their position in their, their strike back. Very disrespectful record. I'm gonna be honest with you. Not Like Us. Oh but It go disrespectful. Yo. It go up with all them people. It might be the most disrespectful disrespect of all time. All time. Not gonna lie crazy. It's the greatest dis record of all time. But it might be the most disrespectful when you really break it down word for word. It really might be the most disrespectful. All those accusations. Yes. Oh my gosh. I think what make it more disrespectful is just how hard to beat go. Yes. Right. It is just such a f like you just gotta do guys, We gotta go, we gotta go. Oh shoot. Sorry. We got the ladies of Lauren coming up. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


The Breakfast Club. I just want y'all to know that Justice cameraman Los that was on the screen with CO And I earlier this week, he been wearing the same pants all week. All I just told, we gonna get jocked morning. Everybody's DJ Envy Jess. Hilarious Sean. And they're not Even jeans, they pens strip dress pants. Yes. He Said he's gonna wear 'em until he meets Kaisa. Not again. He, he met Kaisa not in no pants. Exactly. Why See him Again. Maybe he wants to meet him again in those pants. Man, you gotta cut that out. You Gonna wash him? You Been watching them? No he ain't been washing them. He kinky. Alright, let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren. Straight fast Off man. She gets him from somebody that knows somebody well she gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything. She be having the latest on Lord the latest with Lauren la


KFC, chicken and waffles. Fresh juicy chicken and rich waffles with syrup. It's the kind of sweet and savory order that will make people stop whatever they're doing and stare in envy. So as you dig into your mouth, ordering original recipe chicken and warm waffles or dip them in your syrup. Try not to eat near people. Crossing the street, driving cars, handling heavy objects or operating heavy machinery, you know, for their safety. KFC Chicken and waffles is the order people are gonna envy. KFC is finger licking good.


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments. And shipping is always free. With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


Hey, it's Jay Shetty and I'm bringing my first ever on purpose live tour to Washington DC on May 21st. Presented by Chase Sapphire Reserve. Join me in surprise guests for meaningful and insightful conversations to spark learning, experience, growth, and build real connections. Chase Sapphire Reserve card members can redeem their chase ultimate rewards points for VIP packages to meet me before the show or visit Jay sheddy.me/tour to get your tickets.


Have you ever wished for a change but weren't sure how to make it? Maybe you felt stuck in a job or a place or a relationship. Join me, Emily Tish Sussman. Over on She Pivots where I explore the inspiring pivots of women. Dig deeper into the personal reasons behind them and leave you with the inspiration you need to make your next pivot in honor of Mother's Day. We have some very special guests. I am Elaine Welter Roth. And I'm Kaitlyn Murray. Both women pivoted out of their careers after having their kids proving that motherhood is just another chapter in our journey. Not the end. It's Like, it's kind of like, will you have more babies? Yes. Will I always be me? Yeah. And will I continue growing? Yes. Because I was really in the trenches And I knew my worth and my value as a mom. Come on over to hear their full stories. You can listen to She Pivots on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Sometimes you have details, sometimes you have a little bit of everything. Oh, is the On The Breakfast Club Talk. Talk to me. I forget. They tell me to put my computer over on the other side of the mic. Okay, so Drake Universal Music Group has now responded to Drake. So you guys remember when we reported up here that Drake amended his lawsuit after the Super Bowl and the Grammys went down and said, I told y'all that this was a big orchestrated plan to promote this song at on these big stages. And it's defamation because it's happening. And allegedly Universal Music Group knows what they're doing by doing it. The biggest stage was the, the Super Bowl and then at the Grammys when they played the song, because he's saying that the, they're on that big stage.


People all over The World were allowed to be exposed to him being called a pedophile. Right. So Universal Music Group is saying this is astonishing. And this is a very wild conspiracy because if you go back to the Super Bowl stage, it did not include the lyric Drake or none of his associates were called a certified pedophile. Which is the whole reason why this defamatory lawsuit has come about. And the focus needs to be on the fact that this large audience that Drake is talking about, they said that on their own. Kendrick Lamar never said that on the stage. Now I will, I will say they did mention in their amendment Drake's team that the fact that Kendrick did not say it, it shows that, okay, hey obviously you guys know that this word is is wrong and shouldn't be said because why can he say it?


But Universal Music Group is like, listen, we ain't got nothing to do with that. It's a, this song you engaged so now he's engaging you were successful when you did it before. Now he's been successful. Successful. What is the big issue? Yeah, Drake just need to shut the FF ever. And I want Drake to know that there's no biggest stage in culture. As Kendrick said, you can't fake fake influence. Way before the Grammys, way before the Super Bowl, that record was already outta here. Okay. Yeah. And Drake gonna have to sue The World because I watched everybody in MetLife stadium sing that song word for word last night. Yo Kendrick didn't have to say a word. He didn't say a word at all. Even if people that work there, yo, I was, I was about to say that Security, everybody sent it down. I'm like damn. I was coming into the suite as back, back into the suite as it was like starting up and people were literally running because they were waiting for that.


Yes. 'cause I think at it got dark and then it came back up. People were running 'cause they wanted to see the moment. And it, as Soon as you hear, I see dead People. Yes. It was crazy. Went crazy. How many Times did he perform it? Just once? Just once. Once is enough. Yeah. Just once. Most disrespectful dis record of all time. When you really listen to it and you listen to the things that he's saying, it's very, very disrespectful. I know that there's been dis records that have talked about killing people and sleeping with people's wives and all that type of stuff. But it that that but Not Like Us is is very nasty. It is nasty. But yo, I'm telling you, nothing beats euphoria. It it is. Oh. Oh my God. Euphoria is crazy. You performed that last night too. That was lit. Euphoria make you wanna dis people. Yes. You wanna be in a rapper. So when he's doing that, this still on stage? She she's walking out, she walks up.


No, they Go the exchange back and forth, back and forth. And then they come together for like Luther, like the songs that they had together. Yeah. And they they interact but they like, they use the whole stage setup up too work. Their transitions are dope. What's your favorite part of Euphoria? Mine. Yeah. Oh my God. I don't know. I Like when he says, I let you know I'm the biggest hater. I hate the way that you walked, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. I hate the way that you sneak this by catch flight. It's gonna be direct. It's just nasty. All of that. I love Charlamagne from beginning to end. It's this Charla nasty last night at him. Right now my favorite versions of you and Moisturizer shoulder, first of all, it's Very well moisturized. It's very well moisturized. Babies shut up to set a feel. Yesterday is, as soon as that part came up, he looked at Lauren.


Period. I hate the way that you walked. I I was like, ah, why I don like that. Yesterday I posted on mys instant story that my hair girl was here doing my hair. He gonna respond with all the prey. Hands. Hands. That's what I'm saying. You, you got this man telling the the internet what you gonna get your head done and everything. I said she didn't have to go live and get that done. Proof Continue on our continue stay Focused was I said you're live. They're gonna say Unc going unc, wait till unc see this? I said Het already seen it. But stay focused. I do wanna mention that the, the shows at the MetLife stadium in Jersey are sold out nights. Correct. It's a real sold out crowd as well too. 'cause I was also looking to see that. 'cause sometimes they'll say sold out and some seats are like blocked out. No, it is a, like the seats are super full from top to bottom.


So shout out to Kendrick Lamar And today is the last day of what? What? Go ahead. What? I didn't see that. Now this side, the show is sold out. I I have multiple Videos. No, I've been to MetLife. When Ed Sharon was dead, Sharon had every seat. They did have seats blocked off last night. And I ain't gonna let you sit up here And I didn't see, I took multiple videos. There was show me here. Huh? I have like 10 videos you didn't see Behind the stage. Just my life Behind the stage. That don't count. But Ed Sharon sells behind the stage. But but it still sold out. Sold Out. I feel like behind the stage don't count because there's no view. You can't see anything. Nah, I don This would build the stage differently. Like if the, you know it, they would bill the stage differently.


I think it, oh I've never been to a concert where behind the stage was utilized. It's a sell out based off the amount of tickets that they Beyonce. Chris, Chris Brown, they they did that. They Do, they sell behind the stage. I met you say they don't block off any seats. I'm like no that wasn't true. Now they did have a whole Section. No, but I, I've been to concerts where even in the, so you might have behind the stage but like the full top, like they take the full top rows and you only got like that bottom section of the arenas or wherever you are. Like the full top is blocked out in black and you can see it and it's Guys, Kendrick sold 82,000 tickets. It a sellout For their production purpose because they had the camera shooting. Like they, the way they shooting it. Yeah, right. Nobody, you know what I'm saying? But they were shooting from behind the stage for a certain like panoramic view.


Right. You couldn't have did that if if they didn't opened. I think if opened, if behind the stage was open it would've been sold out as well. Like the were full. The butts were there. All I know it was a fantastic show. Yes. SSA and Kendrick are two unapologetically black people. I love seeing people be unapologetically black at the highest levels. Yeah. Well I do wanna mention today is the last day in the Diddy trial of the jury selection. So today they should get down to those 12 jurors in the alternates. And then Monday the 12th is when the actual trial will start to open in statements. Begin Monday. Now yesterday one of my journalist friends that's there all the time as well, text me and let me know people are actually sleeping and camping out Sunday night because they wanna make sure that Monday morning they're able to get into that courtroom like It's a stink ass courtroom.


Are you c I'm going but I'm not sleeping out. Well you don't gotta sleep out. But you go tonight and Monday. Today. Today You going today and Monday? Yeah, I'm going today and Monday. Ugh. Hey y'all saw this picture 50 posted yesterday? Yes. This is hilarious. Yes. He's so petty. When you post Ashan did d comb the jury selection for trial is finally complete and it's all, it's All, It's all 50 in different suits. All 50 suits. Oh my god. Crazy. Yeah. Look you have to get this together. You gotta ignore junkie. You just making up stuff. I'm over here. Fine. I am so focused. You Gotta ignore junkie Hating on the seating. I know arrangement. I Wasn't hating on the seating. You just, you just said something that just wasn't accurate. I don't want people to jump on you for saying something that wasn't accurate 'cause there was a whole section blocked off. But what Jess said is true. It's because of the way the production was set up.


You Wasn't even thinking that. You was just so worried about making sure that what I said was not correct Because people be ready to jump on you for saying things that aren't correct. You right. Thank you for that. I appreciate that. What? You're right. Y'all know what are you still seeing like Met gala el outfits that you didn't see before? Because Maki staff tore down. I ain't gonna lie, I saw it. I was like yo, where was he at? I thought it was ai. 'cause I didn't see, I thought I saw Yo. He look good. Happy birthday Sha Boozy. That's His birthday. Yeah guys. So that's your favorite artist. You said that if you just He said he was handsome. Oh okay. Shazi birthday. He liked the way that he Guys, I'm sorry.


Said I love the way that you walked away. I love You. Shoulda went Out guys if you're just joining us. The classroom went to go see Kendrick and Scissor last night. They did a lot of drinking. So it's gonna be a long show. You stop saying that. And they're drinking now. And when we, I'm not drinking now I took my kids to go see Wicked on Broadway. That's why I didn't go hang with you guys. That's You crude. You are a father. You gonna see Wicked For hours Long. He wanted to go see he, he wanted to ride the broomstick after he saw Wicked. I wanna be a wicked witch of the west. So bad. That's what said. Gets on his Knees right here at mcg. Greedy when we come back we're gonna kick with up.


It's greed. You told me it was greedy. They Told me that he was silent. Oh You know she said greedy. That's what I talked to. She said greedy. Yeah, she said greedy. Anyway, entrepreneur, she's the founding partner of Skims. You know the company with Kim Kardashian. We're gonna talk to her next. She has a new podcast and I'm sorry guys. This's a Friday. It's gonna be a long day. Cheers. That's, I got something for you too. I got something for you. Shout out to Shazi and MB Breakfast. Good morning. Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Good morning everybody. It's dj, DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news last night. And NBA, The World Beat Warrior is 1 17 93.


Now I wanna start off with apologizing to you Ms. Morgan. The class is drunk. I just wanna put that out there. Nobody Is drunk putting that On us. Don't come at me like that that Friday feeling. This is all good. Let's get into it. I'm high. That's right. Tell I was close. I was close. We a bunch of drunk like we don't have money for real drugs. Oh my God. Oh my God. Go ahead. Alright, Let's get into it. So transportation secretary Sean Duffy is calling for a massive investment in the country's air traffic control system. He said it's old and not worth saving. Duffy said he will ask Congress who holds the purse. We know that to grant upfront appropriations for all money needed to update technology and equipment, which he said will be a three to four year long effort.


The overhaul is expected to include new telecommunications on radars, on on the ground sensors for Tarmax and a flight management system to improve efficiency in the airspace. Let's take a listen to Sean mc, Sean Duffy's comments. We Believe we can do this in three to four years. It's probably closer to four than it is to three. But two things have to happen. One is we need the money and two, we have to have permitting reform. Of course this comes after a series of issues have plagued the air traffic control system including a recent communication issue, which caused hundreds of flights to be disrupted at Newark Liberty International Airport in New Jersey. Yeah, I, I agree with that because if the air traffic control systems are anything like some of these planes, then they have to be old and outdated.


'cause you can just feel when you on a old ass plane and you also can feel when you on, you know, something that's more, more modern. Yeah. The only problem is what they're saying is, is is they're saying to build a new system is gonna be very difficult 'cause they don't know if they could build a new system and have the old system working in the proper way at the same time. So they're saying that might be a problem or issue. So they they have to figure that out. Oh, mercy. Yeah, exactly. Somebody called the IT guys. Goodness. Alright. And presidential news, the US and the UK have a new trade deal. President Trump made the announcement at the White House yesterday morning saying the UK is an important ally and he feels it will be a great deal for both countries. He also talked about working on getting a deal done with China. Let's take a listen to President Trump. The final details are being written up in the coming weeks.


We'll have it all very conclusive. But the actual deal is a very conclusive one. We think just about everything's been approved. We'd like to see China opened up so we can compete in China and you know, give people something that they've never had, you know, access to something. So Trump went on to say he has a great relationship with President Chi Chinese, president Xi and the secretary, trans treasury secretary, excuse me, Scott Benson is set to meet with his Chinese counterpart in Switzerland to discuss trade this weekend. Meanwhile the trade deal with UK is that was is the first to be reached since Trump's unveiled his sweeping tariff plan. And it's said to reduce tariffs on British cars to 10%, it aims to increase market access for agriculture, beef, and ethanol.


And the deal is also said to increase pathways to pharmaceutical supply chains. What was that charge? No, You know, they said he announced on on whatever social media that this is a major trade deal. But it it's not 'cause he doesn't have the authority to sign the type of free trade agreement that like that Congress, Congress has to do that. So Congress has to approve a trade agreement and that takes longer than a 90, 90 day pause in place of some of Trump's tariffs. Absolutely. So It's like, it's like the bare bones of a narrow agreement. So it'll be like months in negotiations and legal paperwork to follow. Right, right. And it was such a huge, you know, he made it out to be such a huge announcement as well. And if I can bring things to a serious note for you guys, 'cause I know the class is acting up today.


As Mother's Day is upon us, I would love to bring some awareness to a topic that the Black Information Network is taking very seriously. The National Institutes of Health report that black maternal mortality rates continue to rise in the US with black women dying close to three times the rate of white women while pregnant during or after delivery. Now while this is why we're launching a public awareness campaign called Saving Black Moms a maternal health crisis, BIN will share a light on concerns surrounding black maternal health and efforts to address the problem.


We spoke to Nicole Berryman, whose 26-year-old daughter Tiara died days after delivering a healthy baby boy last November. Berryman is now raising her daughter's three children. We also spoke to maternal health advocate Thena Hickman, who is a member of B'S Community Advisory Board and the founder of Viola's Health House, a South Dallas nonprofit that houses up to six homeless pregnant teens while providing other supporting services. Let's take a listen to their comments from saving black moms a maternal health crisis. They told me pneumonia, they told me stress, they told me maybe spasm. There was never a diagnosis. It was a maybe and we communicated and nothing happened.


They took her, they did the test for her heart. They came back and told me that it was stress. If the household is stable, then the mother is stable enough to get to healthcare. The mother is stable, more stable with her mental health where she's not worrying about, okay, how am I going to provide for this baby? How am I gonna get diapers for this baby? So the economic stability piece is really, really important through our Social service agency because it directly impacts the social determinants of health. That's hard. You Can, Yeah, you you. But it's a reality. You know, it's a reality for a lot of moms and moms deal with a lot of things. You know, a lot of different elements. Whether it's just caring for the child, caring for themselves, and making sure that you know, they are in a, in a, in a decent, you know, decent, like she said, mental space to even just care for themselves or care for children.


You can hear more from them and others connected to this issue starting on June 2nd as we roll out that special. And before I go, I just wanna say Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers and the mother. The mother, The and the mother Adjacents because we know there's some women and men out here raising some babies, you know, adjacently as a mother type figure. So that's your front page news. Follow me on social at Morgan Media and follow Black Information Network. For more news coverage, download the free iHeart radio app and visit us@bnews.com. Thank You Morgan. Happy Mother's Day. And I also want to tell y'all we have Emma greedy coming up next, but I'm not doing donkey today.


Today. I know that's not because it's Friday and you know you're drunk. I like, no it's not. 'cause I'm drunk. It's because I like opening up the phone lines and giving the floor to the people and letting them do donkey today on Friday. That's bull Crap. That's so bull crap. I know that. God. Oh my God. God. Emma Grede No call in right now. +1 800-585-1051 If you wanna give somebody donkey today. What's the number again? 1 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Emma Grede, when we come back, I'm sorry guys just tuned in. The classroom is drunk. They went to go see Kendrick and Caesar. We not drunk. Stop telling people that. What do you call it? Nothing. We are just happy. Life is good. God is good. What's wrong with you? Your eyes are low.


He got on sunglasses like you Ray Charles or Stevie one day I can see your G up and, and Lauren Looks mysterious. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes Indeed. We Have Emma Greedy. Welcome. Thank You. I'm so happy to be here. Good morning all of you. How are you? I'm really good actually. Very good today. Now you are the CEO and co-founder of the Denim Company. A Good American I am indeed. Founding partner of Skims. Yes. Co-founder of Safely.


And you have a new podcast coming out, aspire with Emma Grede. I do, I do indeed. So Now tell us how this all came about from the Beginning Network. Congratulations.


What are you doing Nick? Thank you. Yes, thank you very much. Yes. Well honestly, I'm so excited about the podcast. That's my newest, latest venture. And you know, I've spent my entire career building businesses and so the idea around the podcast was really me thinking about how I can scale mentorship. Because wherever I go all over this country, if I'm doing a talk or if I'm walking down the street, people are constantly asking me questions like, how do I start a business? How do I get a pay rise? How do I become the best version of myself? How do I negotiate better? And you know, I can answer a lot of dms but there's only so much you can do. And so I'm really taking all of my knowledge, everything I've done, all of my network and trying to bring it to people in a digestible way.


And I think that when you think about podcasting, it's a very, very, you know, broad medium. But there's a very narrow business viewpoint. Very, very narrow viewpoint. And especially when you get to business podcasting, it's all men. And so I'm bringing like a perspective of myself, of somebody who is self-made, someone who's a self-starter and has, you know, come from where I come from with very little education And I want to bring something to people that is tangible and that they can essentially take out. I want you to have something that's actionable when you leave this podcast that you can take that back into where you work or back into your small business and do something with it. Speaking of, where are you from? Where do you come from? Where Do I come from? Yeah. I come from East London in England, which is a bit like, you know, I always think about it as, you know, similar to Brooklyn or something like that.


It's the, the most impoverished part of London. But I would say probably the best part of London. You said it like you're from Brooklyn. I'm from East London. Yeah, east London. But alright, you, you, you have a net worth of $320 million. You are something like that. And you're from East London. I Think that was last year's figures, but yeah, we'll talk that babe. We're foreign out here. But you didn't come from an impoverished area. I do. And you said you're self made. Yes, Indeed. So how did you get to that point? What was the first thing that got you in the mix to, to get on that road to having the net worth? You had Emini here. I've had a job since I was 12 years old. I delivered the papers. I worked in a deli, I worked in clothes shops, I did all the things. But you know, my interest was really in fashion. That's where my passion was. But I didn't know anyone who had a business when I was old.


I didn't even know the, the term entrepreneur. If you were an entrepreneur in where I come from, you were probably doing something very wrong. So that wasn't really a, an idea that I had growing up. But so for me, I started out like many people, I did a lot of work experience. I tried to get into the fashion business. I assisted everybody. I worked in a lot of stores and eventually I found myself in a fashion show production company. And so that was me creating the shows, like building the shows, the catwalks, the backdrops. And it was a very unfulfilling job. But you met everybody. So I did that for about four years and after a while I started my own company doing that when I was 24 years old. And it kind of grew from there. I did one company, I did another, I sold a couple companies.


Fast forward to when I'm about 32, I managed to exit that business. So I spent, you know, nearly 10 years building that first company had my first serious like meaningful exit, meaning that I made some money for myself. And so I was financially secure. What company Was it that Was called ITB. Okay. And so, and it was amazing. It was like an entertainment marketing agency. So I worked with all the great brands And I would put talent in their campaigns. And I built a big company. We had offices in London, in Paris, in New York, in la I shut down in LA 'cause I made a lot of mistakes, but it gave me the foundational knowledge to really get to where I am now. And then of course, you know, I decided after all that time and you know, creating a lot of value for other people and other brands that I would do something for myself.


And that's when I started Good American. Yeah. And Good American is what Skims is under that and what else? No, it's not. They're totally separate. Okay. Different Totally. Separate companies. Separate companies, separate entities, separate shareholdings, separate. I, that's the thing. And I, I was reading this And I saw that you have like certain percentage in skims, you have a certain percentage in Good American. I do. You have a certain percentage in safely. And the reason I thought that was so dope is 'cause we live in this era where people feel like you have to have a hundred percent of something to be a owner, to be a boss. But the reality is a hundred percent of nothing is nothing, nothing, nothing. And listen, here's the thing. I've done a very, very good job 'cause I divest my shareholdings. You don't wanna hold a lot of money of a company. I've taken money off the table. I'm not looking to be rich when I'm 75 years old.


I want the money now. Yeah. And so I think that when you get valuations, like a $4 billion valuation, you take some money off the table, that's the sensible thing to do to divest your interest. And that's what I've done all along. And so I'm, I'm very happy with the shareholdings I have right now because I have cash in the bank and that's what counts. How did The skims company start? You know, people would know skims 'cause it's so huge. It's on, it's sponsored by the NBA. So how did that company, We sponsored the NBA we sponsored even the other way round even better. So How did that company come about? So honestly I think it came about from the relationship that I have with the family and you know, was It your idea? No, it wasn't my idea. It was Kim's idea. She wanted to create a shapewear company or an underwear company.


And, you know, I had a business with, with the family. And so we decided to do it together. And the rest they say is history. It was, you know, the right thing at the right time. And you know, I think with any company, the stars, the stars have to align. We launched that company in a magical, magical time and it hit the kind of zeitgeist, it was the right company for the culture, like at the moment. And so I think it was just a series of amazing things that happened and put it on the map and here we are. That's amazing. 'cause even good American is Chloe's Chloe's company, right? It's a, it's a partnership between me and Kylie. You call Yes. Work well with the family. She said, check, check, check. I love that. And there's so many of them. So, so many checks.


I love That. And Skims has redefined shapewear. Like what was the biggest risk you took early on that paid off? You know, I think that Kim had a very clear idea of what she wanted to do and a very differentiated idea. And I think that that's what it's all about in business. Anytime, right? You, you have to have something that is unique and a unique point of difference to whatever's out there. And when I think about anything that we've done, whether we are talking about size, inclusivity, or whether we're talking about the range from like a kind of, you know, nude color range. Like we're always trying to do something that doesn't exist in the market. And I think when you are solving problems, when you're creating solutions for people, that's when you know you get that kind of breakthrough.


That's when you get something that customers really go, oh, like I need that. I have that problem. And you guys are solving for it. When do you realize when it's time to sell a company? When, when do you say, okay, this is when we have to exit? You know, I think that is different for every company. And I've been in agency businesses and I've been in brand businesses. I think that what is often true is like your first offer. Your first offer is often your best offer. And you shouldn't always think that there's something amazing coming around the corner. You have to sell things when they're on the up because it peaks, right? And then, then you've only got the downside to sell. And so when you've got that momentum, when you've got the forward swing, when you're in growth modes, they say that's when you need to think about selling or at least taking some money off the table.


Do do people in fashion really care about diversity or is it just good PR until like the next, the next three years? Emini here you could ask yourself, does anyone really care about diversity? Right? Yeah. I don't think it's just about fashion. I think there's definitely a certain amount of, you know, performative action out there, right? Yes. For marketing purposes and actually good American. And the reason I started that company was a reaction to that because I worked in the fashion business And I saw all these companies doing perfor, you know, like hiring one black girl in the campaign, and yet no one in that entire company was black. And I saw people like performatively putting a plus-sized person in a campaign when they didn't even make the clothes for that person, the girls that clothes would be cut up the back 'cause she couldn't even fit in the jeans.


And so when we started Good American, the idea around it was to say, okay, let's make a company that actually has these values where the office and the people that run the business and the people that make the decisions and the people in the C-suite are actually a reflection of the customer base. And I think that's what made good Americans so successful that it was actually walking the walk and not just talking the talk. If you are a size 20 and you needed a pair of jeans, you have a tiny waist and a big Bart, like you came to Good American and you could feel the difference in that product. And people knew we were for real, real. It's like how you said that. A tiny waist and a big Bart. For real. That's what we were working With. We're still kicking with the Emma Greed. Now you're also on Shark Tank, correct? I I am ourselves.


Absolutely. What do you look for when somebody's on Shark Tank and they're pitching something to you? You know, for me it's always about the founder. It's always, I I, you know, even when I think about hiring and investing, I'm like attitude over experience because that's my experience, right? I'm not someone who comes from a place where you'd be like, I'm gonna bet on her. And so I really want that person that is so passionate about their ideas, so crazy about it. They know everything about the competition. They know everything about what they're doing and they are deep and they are into it. So I'm going for someone who like feels it intrinsically. I was gonna ask, so what was your most successful investment on Shark Tank? Do you know? It was this incredible, it's so funny that you asked that because when I got onto that show, you know, you do a few investments And I remember saying to Mark one day, would I ever make any money out of any of this stuff?


And he said, you know what, Emma? There'll be one and one of them will make you a bunch of money. And for me, that was cake's body, these incredible two women that make like a, a silicone nipple cover. And of course, the minute I saw them, I was like, I know that business. I understand this space. Like I know I need that in my, in my kit, in my wardrobe. And they were doing just under a million dollars when I met them. And a year later, $120 million Jesus. Wow. Killed, killed, congratulations. And just so you know, just a co couple of like regular girls that left their jobs and decided I'm gonna do something for myself. Well, how often, 'cause you know, you're in these billion dollar rooms, right? As a, a woman, woman of color, right? Yes. My dad's black mom's white.


I'm mixed race. Got you. How often do you still feel underestimated Every day? Emini here? 'cause I am underestimated every day, right? I think that you have All a success. Well, Emini here, listen, now it's a little bit different. Now I can walk into any room and people will bet on me and people would wanna invest in me. It's, but, but I do think that you still, you know, I still think you're proving I'm proving myself every day. I never take anything for granted. Right? You're only as good as the last thing you did. And I'm constantly pushing myself into spaces. It's like, I might be sitting here with, you know, a bunch of great companies behind me, but I don't know, I'm not a good podcaster. You know, I'm just getting started. And so I don't take anything for granted. And that's why I always think that, you know, you've gotta be humble. You've gotta go into something with the spirit of, you know, trying your hardest and trying to be good.


And I never let that that leave me. I don't walk into anything expecting anything. I think you gotta work for it every day. Is that why you wanna do the podcast? 'cause you wanna help people. 'cause you got so many different jobs and you have yeah. Girls, you have kids, you have a husband, you have a lot of ish going on. A lot have A lot of ish going on. No, you know, it really is because I think a certain point, right? You get to a place where you are financially comfortable. And also I prove to myself all the things I wanted to prove to myself. And now I think that the sign, you know, of success for me is how many people can come along like that are like me that can come along and you can open the door for, and that could actually have this sense of changing their life and building the life of their dreams because of something that I did.


And I know that, you know, people are looking to me And I feel like it's honestly a responsibility. And I don't want that to sound, you know, trite or like something that feels disingenuous is I, I I feel very, very responsible. Mm. For all the women that get in touch with me all the time. Because there is so much, there are so many barriers and there's so much out there that tells you that it's an impossibility. That there's not room for people, that your opinion doesn't matter. And I really think that leaning into my differences, really knowing and understanding where I come from and what is different and important about that, that's what's actually given me like space in these rooms. That's why people look to me and say, what is your opinion about this?


Because of where I've come from. And so I actually think it's a superpower. What would you tell somebody that is an entrepreneur, maybe a woman, and trying to get into this space, has an idea, but it just hasn't taken off as of yet. They can't get on Shark Tank and they just want some type of advice to say, how would you do it? How would you approach it? What would you tell that person? Well, listen, the first thing is to start, because what you'll find is a lot of people talk about a lot of stuff and they haven't actually done it. And there's this idea that there's some perfect time, perfect set of circumstances, it's never perfect. And also this idea, we're in this culture right now where everyone thinks they have to raise a load of money. Like don't, don't raise any money. Just do something. Get out of the gate.


We, we, we live in a world where social media and Shopify has enabled us to start things very cheaply. And you can start small. Not everything needs to be a billion dollar business. Maybe you're trying to transform your circumstances and leave your corporate job and actually a little bit of money, a little bit of revenue will be transformative for you. So I would say don't benchmark and measure yourself by some


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments. And shipping is always free with Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


Have you ever wished for a change but weren't sure how to make it? Maybe you felt stuck in a job or a place or a relationship? Join me, Emily Tisch Sussman. Over on She Pivots where I explore the inspiring pivots of women, dig deeper into the personal reasons behind them, and leave you with the inspiration you need to make your next pivot. In honor of Mother's Day. We have some very special guests. I am Elaine Welter Roth. And I'm Kaitlyn Murray. Both women pivoted out of their careers after having their kids proving that motherhood is just another chapter in our journey. Not the end. It's like, it's kind of like, will you have more babies? Yes. Will I always be me? Yeah. And will I continue growing? Yes. Because I was really in the trenches And I knew my worth and my value as a mom. Come on over to hear their full stories. You can listen to She Pivots on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The American West with Dan Flores is the latest show from the ME Eater Podcast Network hosted by me, writer and historian Dan Flores and brought to you by Velvet Buck. This podcast looks at a west available nowhere else. Each episode I'll be diving into some of the lesser known histories of the West. I'll then be joined in conversation by guests such as Western Historian, Dr. Randall Williams and bestselling author and meat eater founder Steven Ronella. I'll correct my kids now and then where they'll say when cave people were here. And I'll say, it seems like the Ice Age people that were here didn't have a real affinity for caves, You Know, so join me starting Tuesday, May 6th, where we'll delve into stories of the West and come to understand how it helps inform the ways in which we experience the region today. Listen to the American West with Dan Flores on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Glad. And this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast. Yes sir. We are back in a big way. In a very big way. Real people, real perspectives. This Is kind of star studded a little bit, man. Yeah, we got Ricky Williams, NFL Player, Heisman Trophy winner. It's just a compassionate choice to allow players all reasonable means to care for themselves. Music stars, Marcus King, John Osborne for Brothers Osborne. We have this misunderstanding of what this quote unquote drug fans. Benny the Butcher, Brent Smith from Shinedown got be Real from Cypress Hill, NHL Enforcer. Riley Cote Marine, Corvette. MMA Fighter, Liz, Kara Moosh, What we're doing now isn't working and we need to change things. Stories matter and it brings a face to it. It makes it real. It Really does. It makes it real. Listen to new episodes of the War on Drugs podcast, season two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. And to hear episodes one week early and ad free with exclusive content, subscribe to Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts Standard.


That actually isn't part of your existence. It's like do something, get out of the gate, start it, and then you test and you learn into it because nothing works immediately. If I think about the business that I started with Good American, three skews of skinny denim and what it is today, the two things don't even look the same. They don't look the same. We change the size, we changed everything. The only thing you can't change in business is your the reason that you started. Right? It's like the very essence of what you do and your purpose has to remain the same. You iterate everything else, transform on the way up. And so I think that that's a really important thing. It's like you just have to get out of the gate and start. I, I agree with you. You know, I think comparison is the thief of joy though.


Yes, it is. So people will, it's start something, but then they'll be looking at you and they, but they don't realize all the time you've already put in all the experience you got that got you to this point. But they feel like if they not doing what Emma's doing right now, they're not successful. Totally. And I think that that is just, again, it's so much about the culture that we sit in right now. It gives you this idea that there's such a thing as overnight success. And I don't know any overnight successes. You know, again, I have been working since I was 12 and all of those experiences, you know, are so formative and they're so in me. And it's like every single thing you get leverage, right? And when I talk about leverage, I don't just mean taking something that you've been given. It's like, what do you have? Well, I have my reputation, right?


And that reputation for delivering great business, when I was in the agency business allowed me to go and raise money. I didn't know what private equity was. I would never have known how to go and raise funds. I went to a client that I'd consistently delivered good business for in my agency. And I said, Hey, do you wanna invest $3 million in my business? And he was like, no girl, I'll give you, I'll give you less than that, but I'll invest in you. But you know, I think that that is the thing, you know, you've gotta be creative and you've gotta work with what you've got. And I think so often we focus on what we don't have and where our lack is. And actually there is just that, that is not worth your energy. You've gotta figure out like where are you? What do you have? And how do you leverage from that point?


So You said you work with your husband, how do is that because when it's so personal, that's your husband, that's who you, that's my husband sleep with. That's who you wake up with. What, like, how is that, how are you guys able to separate? Well, we're not, let's, let me be honest with that. There's very little separation. The truth is that my husband was actually like my, one of my first investors. So I worked in a company where I set up a joint venture with them. And eventually years later and down the line, I ended up marrying one of those guys. Gotcha. A great job. Security best ROI he ever had goddamn life. I wouldn't lie I have returned that investment. Still a point. But I think that what's important about that is that we had a professional relationship before we ever had our personal relationship.


And my husband's Swedish. And in Swedish culture, it's a very matriarchal culture. They really have so much respect for women, but they also really meet women halfway. Like even to the point, like in Sweden, when you take maternity leave, it's given to the couple. Mm. So if the woman wants to, you know, you get a year and if the woman wants to take six months and the, and the husband takes six months, that's how you do it. But it's very usual in society that that happens. But what that means is that I've got someone who meets me, you know, he respects my ambition and he respects the fact that we have four kids. We have four kids together and we do that together. So there's no expectation that I'm gonna take. So I'm leading role and, and nor do I, quite honestly, we're Still kicking in with Emma Greed, entrepreneur, founding partner of Skims.


And she has a new podcast, aspire with Emma. Greed. Charlamagne, what did you learn? Financial literacy. You Know, that's a really good question. I think when you come from scarcity, you have a really good appreciation for money because we didn't have any. And so I knew the price of everything, right? Because it's like I knew what we didn't have and my mom would budget. Like she'd sit at the table and she'd be like, this is what we offer for groceries. This is what we've got to keep the lights on, dah dah, dah, dah da. So I knew what money was And I used to see her back in those days you knew you'd write checks. And so I'd see her do the checkbook and I'd be on the calculator. And so money was just like a thing that I understood at a very young age. And also it was cash then, right? So you'd like count the cash. And that gave me a relationship with it.


I'm dyslexic. And so I had a very hard time when I started my business understanding how the money would link together. Like between the margins and the profit and the ebitda. I would be, to me it was like scrambled eggs. And then again, when I got into e-comm, everything is acronyms. You know, you're talking about A OV and the UPT and the LOV. And I would be like, I don't get this. But I think the thing for me is that I'm naturally curious. And so I would just ask a lot of questions. And I learned by just asking like, just like I'm never scared to be the dumbest person in the room. I'm like, what does that mean? How does that work? That's right. How does that go together? And so I just like learned on the fly. And I think that being naturally cautious about money meant that even when I got investors, I spent their money.


Like it was my own meaning that I'm ugal. Like I am tight. I'm just holding all the money all the time. And I never am like flashy with the cash. Even now when I am a bit flashy with the cash, it's like I know the cost of everything. No one can buy anything in my house. And me not be like, what was that? You know, because there's a special price for everything in Bel Air. My toilet breaks. They're like, oh hi, here's the, you know, it's the Bel Air price. And I'm like, no, this is what we're paying. Mm. You know? So I'm like very aware of everything. How much power do you have in these partnerships? Well, you know, I don't really think about it in terms of power. We're partners and we do different things. And so I have, you know, at Good American, I'm the CEO and so I make all the decisions as the CEO would in any company. In Skims it's very, very different. And Kim plays a very, very hands-on role.


My role is across everything product related. So design, merchandising, production, planning. That's the part of the company I run. And I see my role as really ex like making Kim's vision come true. She's like, this is really what I wanna see. I wanna make a nipple bra. I'm like, I'm gonna make the best nipple bra with the best margin and we're gonna make hundreds of thousands of them. So that is what I do. Question with your podcast, are you gonna have guests on the podcast? And I am. And who's coming on the podcast? We've got so many amazing guests on the podcast. So we launched yesterday with Gwyneth Paltrow and Melody Hobson. And Melody is my business idol. So I really wanted to make sure that we could come out of the gate with someone that I've learned from and, and also someone that I believe is, you know, melody is a one of one.


She is not just one of the best black business women in the country. She's just one of the best business people in, in the country. Former chair of Starbucks, Emini here. She's just so incredible. And she spent her entire career at one place, 30 years in one company. And I think that there's some really amazing learnings for that. She went in as an intern, born on the south side of Chicago. You know, one of five kids. Five kids, right? She's one of five and she is just single mom. Again, the most incredible woman went into this company as an intern. And now she owns a very, very meaningful part of a $14 billion, you know, private equity business. And so I look at that and like my mind is blown. And then again, Gwyneth, I thought so interesting because for so many women, they're starting businesses from something that they're passionate about.


And also they're trying to do a pivot. And if you are, you know, working your corporate job and you wanna just change completely and do something different, I thought she would be a really interesting benchmark to look at. How do you just completely rip it up and say, I'm gonna start something anew. So I was really, I was really happy to have those first, first people. But I also think that women have a lot to learn from men right? In business. And so I'm really gonna be focused on a lot of different men coming through. And so we have Michael Rubin, I've got Mark Cuban. Nice. I have the wonderful you as some fine charlamagne's coming on, and I'll be so happy. So I've just got like a bunch of really incredible guests and it's really about people that I know I respect and those that I aspire to.


Love that he asked you if you haven't guests. 'cause you can talk. You're a good talker. You're a good talker. One is, one is hoping. Yeah. How, How do you evaluate celebrity influence versus product quality when you're trying to build brand trust with, How do I evaluate it? Yeah. Emini here. It's an interesting question actually. To me, I don't even think about. Listen, influence will only take you so far, right? You can drive a customer to product once. So I will could love you Charlemagne, and you could be trying to sell me something. And because of the strength of how much I love you, I'll go and buy your product. If your product doesn't perform for me, I'm not buying it again. That's right. And the strength of a business is the strength of the lifetime value of that customer.


How many times are they coming back to you Over and over again. And that's how you build affinity with customers. And so after a while, the influence is useless if the product is not good. So the two only work in terms of the acceleration of the talent can only work for the product if the product is good. 'cause customers are too smart, like no one's gonna buy things that are not good. Absolutely. I wanna ask you something about skims again. I I I remember this was a couple years. You Love skims? Yes. You wearing skins wife time? Do you wear Skims wear? I love the way my wife looks in it. Okay, But are you wearing skims? No. You know we have mint skims. Oh, fruit away. You like? Yes. Are you I'm picked now. Come on. No, Uhuh once again, we have all the size.


We don't discriminate. He said I'm thick. This guy's freezing. I'll Get you some products. Okay. We'll Get Can you get some product please? For this afternoon? I'm gonna Hold you to that now.


Absolutely. I'll deliver. But I remember them saying Kanye was a ghost creative director for skims. Oh Lord. You are not gonna you're not gonna do that to me today, are you? I don't, I I just remember seeing it. I, when I come here with my energy and my voice and all my things, I'm here to talk about me. Don't do that to me now. Please. Okay, lace. Good Lord. What, what do you, you ain't getting the skis down. I'm just asking. By the way. I hate she creative director. She handled it the way you should handle it. When you don't want to answer a question, just don't answer it. Good. There's nothing wrong with it. I love it. As these DEI initiatives being rolled back in, in government and corporations, have those pressures changed how you approach DEI for your business? Absolutely not. In fact, never. And I, And I really lean into that because I know that honestly it's, it's the diversity in my business is a superpower. It's been a superpower for me. Absolutely. And you know, you guys probably know I'm the chairwoman of the 15% pledge and we work with brands all over this country to essentially advocate for them to take 15% of their annual spend and give that to black businesses. And so we've put over $14 billion of opportunity into the hands of black founders and entrepreneurs all over this country. Wow. And when I look at those, this is a business proposition isn't a nice to have. This isn't a fun to do. This isn't a tick on some charter somewhere. This is about having more relevance with your customer base. And I know that if you walk into Sephora now versus walking into Sephora five years ago, it's not just better for black women or women of color who can find a product. It's better for everyone. Yeah. Because everyone can go in there and, and buy those products. Black businesses aren't just for black people, nor are Latino businesses, nor are any businesses. So I actually think that when we talk about some of this stuff, we lose sight of what we're actually talking about. We're talking about more choice better for customers. And that's what winning looks like. So it's like we really shouldn't, like, I, I think it's so crazy that people would try to think about these things as like nice to haves. It's like, do you wanna make more money or not? I make more Size is a more colors. I have more customers. Like Behave. Hold on, expound on that. Like, do you ever get tired of explaining why diversity is in a marketing angle? I'm so tired because I'm like, what are we talking about here? It's about numbers, it's about money. It's Pretty simple. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's really simple stuff. It's like we're trying to be more dynamic. We're trying to be more differentiated. We're trying to bring more people through our doors. Who cares? Who cares who they are? That's right. Right. Like I, I, I don't, I don't understand. Yeah. Why limit yourself? Why limit yourself? Like why not widen the customer base? A hundred percent. Yeah. Wow. There you Have it. I enjoyed this conversation. Emma. Thank you. I enjoy you guys. Emma, greedy. Now where can they listen to the podcast? You can listen to it everywhere you get your podcast. Please go. You know, apple anywhere, YouTube, we're, we're gonna be everywhere. And thank you for joining us so much. Absolutely. Thank you so much. Make sure you send in some skims extra small. I'll send you all some skims. Do I look like an extra small to you? Yeah. No, I don't, I Don't know about that babe. I I'm easily a launch. Definitely Not. Probably an Excel. We'll get you an XL Excel, Right? L Excel. We'll figure it out. It's Emma gritty. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


Thank you. Alright, well let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a street fish off she gets from somebody that know somebody Well, she gets to details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything. She having the latest on with Lauren la. Sometimes you have facts, sometimes you have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What was the latest? The Breakfast Club Talk, talk to me. Okay, so Bill Gates, he announced that he is giving away all of his money when he passes away. And I, he actually announced this before, back in 2022, that when he passed away, that his kids were basically get nothing. He's gonna leave him a little something. So he decided, and he announced a, a plan for how this giveaway is gonna happen.


So he has an estimated of estimated worth of like $200 billion too Much damn money that when He passes away, he says he he's gonna give it all to charity. So the way that this is gonna happen is he's gonna shut down the Gates Foundation on December 31st, 2045. That is the foundation that he had started with his ex-wife that works on like, you know, they give back money to like community and, and different aids. So he says that he plans to give away all of this money over the ne over the next 20 years. What, what is happening? Y'all gotta pay attention. No, y'all gotta so stupid. What is happening? I Know, I know what she meant. Keep going on.


What, what did I Oh no different Of not like that. No. Like four and a and oh my God, I forgot. Spell it out very specifically in this room. A listen Guys, if you just, the, the crew went out to see King last night and everybody is twisted shut. Just a little Charlemagne and you, it's the truth. I just want people to know. People were like, what The hell is, lemme clarify. Yes. So the Gates Foundation, which was founded in 2000, along with his ex-wife Melinda, me, Melinda Gates, oh my goodness.


Is an organization that gives money billions of dollars every year to health, health aid, foreign aid and other public assistance programs. So any aid that helps communities, not Emini here. It might, I I don't know that specifically, but it might help out that type of one too. Okay. Alright. Thank you. Damn. Go ahead. Continue. Oh man. But why we get like, he has three kids, like he just going not gonna get the money to his kids. Well they Will get a, so there's a percentage I believe it's like, 'cause he's, it's like a 1% that he's keeping of his fortune that they will get some of only 1%. Yeah. It'll be, so he's gonna still have 1.6 being only 1.62. $1.62 billion will be left.


And his kids will get some of that. You know how much 1% Of $200 billion. Yes, But he's, he's, but that's, Well you know what? It should go to his kids and his family. He work hard for that. He has three adult children. He has three Children. Give it it to his kids. But his kids work Hard. It it is probably we it is something stuff that we don't know about his kids. His kids probably what his kids Be doing. Black family ain't gonna just black family. They're not just gonna give it to, I don't know exactly what his kids, They're not gonna leave it to their animals and stuff Like that. But there's a lot of billionaires that do this. There's a lot. This is, yeah, this is like a normal thing for billionaires. I, I don't, I don't know if I would do it, but people do this. He's not the first person to Do this. I, I actually think it's a very noble thing to do to spread your wealth around. Like if you got that much money, why hoard it all? I just pass it all on to your family. You give your family a little bit, they gonna be fine.


You got more than enough for them to be fine. And you can give it to, you know, other people Who need it. Emini here, you can do whatever you want with your money. But I'd rather give it to people that, that like your community that don't have it, that they can start. Right. Because we usually don't start from zero, we start from negative. So to give it to our own community where they can have a, a lift in this world, I, I would Well that's, that's, that's Give to His community. Yeah. Whoever. Well no Emini here. Okay. So look, he said that spending down his fortune will help to save and improve many lives. Which will have a positive ripple effect in, you know, 'cause a lot of the foundations in the different a the financial aid, the foreign aids that they're helping there, these are people in need. How Many aides are there? I'm still kidding. It's people in need. Yeah. Okay. Alright. Well gimme me some, goddammit.


Okay. Give us something to the mental health alliance. All right. Oh yeah, yeah. Do they health, mental health aides? They, it, the health, a mental health and physical health. Yeah. That's a part of it. So that's good. Yeah. Now he doing that. He also says too, that this way, by doing it this way, he can make sure that his intentions are honored. So the way that he would've lived his life after his passing and what he would've, because he, they been doing this all I respect. That's his money to do what, what he wants with it. Beautiful. You doing it What you would give away all your wealth at passing. I got a long family. No, I'm gonna try to live forever. Alright, go ahead Ja. To get that money if I work for it. No, y'all put it in the casket. We gonna need a few of them. But Jesus Christ, I'm taking it with me.


Evvy. I'm, I'm, I got a big family. I'm gonna try to have everybody from Queens. You What? I know that's right. Well now you got, you know how much money that is if you give just everybody a million dollars outta Time About, but he's saying the same thing, Right? You Would do That? Yes. Yes. Okay. That's about to say, that's the same thing Charlamagne, what you doing? Absolutely. Really? He give it to all his boyfriends. I I like what Bill Gates said, I would live my life the same way that I would want to live My, what'd you say? What'd you say? After he died, He said that basically he wants his intentions to be honored. No, But you said something. He would live the way he would if he was alive or something like that. So I, I said that he wants his intentions to be honored. So yeah, this is him making sure that the way he lives, his life in person is happening after he passes away.


That's that Same because Emini here. I like that. I like doing stuff like that now. So yes, absolutely. Okay. Yeah, because, so just for some background, the Gates Foundation has long been like, you know, one of a leading, a leading foundation among what's matter doing things like this. What? You Don't care? No, I just wanted let y'all know. Shout out to C and Kendrick. You see my merch? Oh My goodness. Oh God. You, Why you get us that? I didn't know. You see my, I love scissor shirt. Charlamagne. Hold on. Thank you. That's I lady. Hold on. Whatcha talking about? Hold on. Charlamagne. I was just in here dressed like a member of Duck Dynasty. I got this merch stand last night. I Didn't wanna see a merch stand. I did get there late down again If you just joining us. They went to go see Scissor and Kendrick And I had a ball effed up.


Charlamagne. Can I see the back of the shirt? It's the Jessica's eyes are low. And she Teddy, Right? 'cause I'm not drunk and, And Lauren just looks mysterious this morning. This I like, I like when I get dragged out the house. 'cause my daughter loves scissor. Right? So, you know, last year we went to the SOS tour this year she wanted to go see Scissor and aunt with Kendrick. I've never even seen Kendrick perform because, you know, I don't like to go nowhere. But I thoroughly enjoyed it Last night. I I I left that concert inspired. I love seeing people be unapologetically black on the highest levels. Yeah. My older kids went last night. They had an amazing time. They said Scis sounded amazing. They had a great time at the show. I actually went to a play. I took my kids, took Broadway. Yes. Took, took 'em to see Wicked What we was doing last night, Jess. We was out there. We was drinking and having fun.


Just drugging all up in the thank you for a great time. Char had some good wings. It was amazing. I had so many wings. What did your Boy, what did your husband ask for? I heard when he was in the sweets tacos, he had Wings. By the way. He was looking For the tacos. He did. Luther Kelly by the way, he don't give Mexican. Listen Luther Kelly at midnight, y'all look y'all, Y'all look real good. Last night you was walking back from the background. I said, oh look at them. Okay. Kelly. Kelly from MetLife text me and said, hope all the food was good last night. Tell Jess I apologize. No tacos. No tacos for her husband. It's okay. Oh, that's so wild. That was the first question he asked all man. I'm like, why would you ask him of all people? He said yo, where where the tacos at? Oh my God I please Don't do that. The funniest part is when Scissor and Kendrick do that sketch and scissor turns to Kendrick can say, oh your fans are Mexican.


And Chris goes, that's crazy. That's crazy. Alright. That was kind of like the latest with Lauren. I'm sorry. It is what it is. They they drunk a pair guys. But since you stop Saying that Now you see how I feel. Charmagne you really be drunk. No I don't. You be throwing things on me Don. Now I be out. Oh, Donkey of the day is up next and because Charlemagne is a little twisted, could You stop? No, that's not true. We did, I did it last week like this And I wasn't a little twisted. He was a little tired. He was a little tired last week. No, I like opening up the phone lines and allowing people to give people donkey today on Fridays. I think that's fun. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you wanna give somebody donkey the date. One more thing Miss Pat be joining us.


I just wanna say shout out to Kendrick Lamar Sci. 'cause Luther, which is my favorite song with them, has been number one on the charts for hot 100 charts for the, for 11 weeks. 11 weeks. 11 Weeks. Kendrick and s and now This week they're fighting with Nokia. Mm. Yeah. For real, Real. It's always a back and forth, Back and forth to see number One, the tour history is back and forth with Drake too. Yep. I'll tell you something else. It was raining right until Kendrick got on stage. Yes. Ain't that crazy. Like it was raining hard too. You know why? Until he went out There. UMG controls the weather shit. 20 u mt froze the weather. Now Drake gonna put that in his lawsuit. Yes. Alright. I Tell you what, it's The Breakfast Club. Yes. You Always, you chicken out The Breakfast Club.


It's your time to nominate a donkey of your own. The lemonade is how they choose. Call in now. Eight hundred five eight five one oh five one one. Yes. Listen, donkey today for Friday, May 9th is always about you. The people man on Fridays I like to open the phone lines and allow you the people to give folks the biggest Hee-haw. So good morning. Who's this? Yo this is Wan from Mobile caught a little bit earlier. Wanted to give Donkey today the Charlamagne to God. Okay, go ahead. Wan On, on the, on the, on the Tuby promo. You promote The Breakfast Club and you say grab your popcorn. But I want to know who the hell eating popcorn at? Six o'clock, seven o'clock, eight o'clock in the morning. Well, it's Tuby sir.


So it's on all day. Not just on in the morning, sir. No, no, I I got that. I I kind of figured that. But I'm from the west coast so for the most part, a lot of us listen team tv, TV shows and radio shows like around 10 o'clock in the morning we getting ready for work. So what you want me to say? Grab your Cinnamon Toast Crunch, grab your Cheerios, get your, get your bowl cereals ready. Right. More like grab your toast and screws man. Come on. Get from the toast of Screw. Grab your toast Andrus. Get your toast. SRUs ready? Okay, the Second one here, the cat that called yesterday and tried to get just hilarious. Remember I trying to fix his mess? Yeah. My man was bugging. Definitely.


He was definitely, he was like, his kids left if his mom, the mom took the kids and everything. I was like damn. He tried to get just on lock Me. Yeah. Or radio. Damn. Had and only got one leg. I'm like, excuse me. You only got one leg? Yeah, I heard. I I wasn't trying to get in my man's leg, but you know what I'm saying? Oh, he's a pirate. A Pirate. What's wrong with you? I don Know what he is buddy. Pirate's got two legs. Hey, they got one On. I, I, I, I just, I hook On, I just wanna know what's going on with y'all and he cousin's bus lately. Have a good day man. This guy is so crazy. You can't just be out. What's up man? What's going on with you and each other's butts lately?


It's a good question. You wanna give us a prostate exam or something? Like what's up man? Hello? Who's this? This is Monique. Okay, Charlotte. Good morning Monique. Who do you wanna give donkey today? Charles In South Carolina. Hey, four, three. What's happening All day? All day. What's going on? Who you wanna give donkey to? I'm gonna give Donkey today to this person in Charlotte, North Carolina because he's trash. Gotta say his name. Ooh, I'm gonna give his middle name. Okay. Deontay. Okay. What Deontay did to you? He done blowing your bunkie and got you open and ain't calling you back? No, he wrote my bunkie. That's right. No, he took advantage of me in a vulnerable moment and then it turned out him and his mama Lucy called me Scam And I gave him a bunch of money.


I probably shouldn't have. But anyway, they just get down here today. What Was the vulnerable moment? What happened if you don't mind me asking? Gone through. I had gone through a little something to own with somebody else, but they ain't. And you let him finesse you out some money. How much? Yeah, he nephew. It was a lot. I ain't even gonna hold you. Him and his mama. Him and the mama. Yeah. The mama had somehow get my number too. And then she would start calling me for stuff. They just, yeah. I was just too nice to them people. I was genuine. He ain't even used to that And that he goddamn damn Right. And you can't be letting them boy hit raw. Now that's also what got you feeling like that. And he, man, okay now don't run now Don get today and his mama too.


Okay. Thank you for calling. Have a good one. Hey, that's how you know she from Charleston don't run out now. That's what she, Hey yo. You know how many times I've been told that in my life. Don't run out now. Don't run out now. Good morning. Who this? Mm, Good morning. This is Gigi. Gigi. Where you calling from? I'm calling from Charles, South Carolina. Four, three low country. Who you wanna give donkey today to Gigi In the girl I'm giving donkey of the day. I'm just, and I'm just calling to get it out my system. I'm giving donkey of the day to my baby daddy. What's his name? They Call him Choppa. Okay. What happened? He is just a deadbeat, you know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? I feel like if he lose his excuses, he'll find his results. Damn.


That's a boss. If you lose your excuses, you'll find his, your results. Lemme ask you a question though. 'cause I always wonder this, when, when women say that their baby daddy is a deadbeat, you know you cho you chose to sleep with him at some point. So did something change or Did? I did At one point in time I feel like I got cabbage into the situation. 'cause people can put up a front bus for so long. Mm. And Emini here and you know, once I saw that it was a front Yeah, you can use the front door and get on through. Damn. How old y'all baby? Yeah, he is three. He'll be four in December. Well, appreciate the blessing that is, is the child is your child. Yes. I I love my baby. He is a great blessing from, you know what we, you know, did, but we can see them through.


But you know, it was a, it's entire lie that's neither here nor there. Get on your job. But because I'm on mine. True. And the brother Emini here, the brothers still got 14 years to get it right. 14, 15 years to get it right. Emini here, he should have experience. He got other kids, you know what I'm saying? Oh, How many other kids you got? My baby is eight. God damn. Wow. Yeah. So he, he, so he's good with the first seven. Well he act like he was good with the first seven. I'm gonna be honest with you Man. I don't really have any interaction with them. I Emini here. I've only seen certain things. I wasn't really included in like in their life as him taking care of them because they're way before my son.


I think we gotta do a double donkey. Yeah, because you baby mama number eight is crazy. Wow. Yeah. Well Emini here, people got eight kids and they take care of their kids. Ooh. Yeah. So that's no excuse. You know what I'm saying? So if he was a false, if he was trying to put on a facade, like I said, that can only last us for so long. No, I'm talking about you And I here. Once I found No, I'm talking about you Emini Here as he, I have, I have four children And I take very well care of my children. Even if I had a fifth, sixth or seventh or 10th child, I don I would take great care of my kids. No, you're not listening to what I'm saying. I'm saying that you knew he had seven kids so you chose to let him hit raw and become baby mama number eight. Oh I absolutely, absolutely I did.


Yes. I felt, I just feel like it was under false pretenses. But it's all good. You learn your answer, you move On. You're living, you learn. You help some choices. You live it, you learn. How's it going mama? Y'all been talking, y'all talk to her for three minutes. Could you stop hanging up on my people? Sorry. Good morning. Who's this? Good Morning. This is Nick. Okay Vicky, you the last one you said Nick. Oh Nick, you the last one. Who you wanna give donkey today to? I wanna give a donkey to Izzy. Okay. Oh my God. What do Izzy this morning? Because y'all had so, and he had to go see Wicked. I actually enjoyed seeing Wicked, but I'm just trying to get this show together. This is, this show is crazy. He wanted to go watch somebody ride a broomstick.


You know how envy do? Oh my guys Vie. I love, love you. I love all of y'all. But you would really hate this boy. You was acting like some waffle. You definitely ain't, I am not hating. You got one. Her eyes are low 'cause she high. You got one wearing sunglasses 'cause she, because he's drunk. And you got one that's mad mysterious this morning. First of all, it's all over The place. You need to stop making up stuff about your coworkers. 'cause none of this stuff that you saying is true. I'm okay with being high. First of all, Tell Uncle Shaw. Yes ma'am. It's a Friday and you entitled to be that way today. That's Right. We just cool. And we had a good time last night. We went to go see Kendrick and Scissor. It's a phenomenal show. We just ain't enjoying life. That's all. Nick, I'm just trying to get the shot together. I've had several, I've had several Fridays like that And I was the one that was drunk That, there you go.


Thank you Nikki. It's crazy. I got Jess. I want you to enjoy your Mother's Day. Thank you boo. Happy pregame right now. Happy day Jess. Thank You. She started early. Happy Mother's Day. I need you to do better. I I need my waffle colors negro to do better. I'm just trying to get everything together. They had, they've been talking for 20 minutes straight. They've been all over. It's a radio show on the radio. We proud to talk. Yeah, exactly. Now when I don't do my job, you'll be ready to fire me. So I'm talking now. Goodbye Nick. Until weekend. Thank you Nikki. Oh my goodness. Listen, We appreciate all of y'all that called in for donkey today. I like opening the phones up on Friday.


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free with Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


Have you ever wished for a change but weren't sure how to make it? Maybe you felt stuck in a job or a place or a relationship? Join me, Emily Tisch Sussman. Over on She Pivots where I explore the inspiring pivots of women. Dig deeper into the personal reasons behind them and leave you with the inspiration you need to make your next pivot. In honor of Mother's Day. We have some very special guests. I am Elaine Welter Roth. And I'm Caitlyn Murray. Both women pivoted out of their careers after having their kids proving that motherhood is just another chapter in our journey. Not the end.


It's Like, it's kind of like, will you have more babies? Yes. Will I always be me? Yeah. And will I continue growing? Yes. Because I was really in the trenches And I knew my worth and my value as a mom. Come on over to hear their full stories. You can listen to She Pivots on the iHeartRadio app I a podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


The American West with Dan Flores is the latest show from the Meat Eater Podcast Network hosted by me, writer and historian Dan Flores and brought to you by Velvet Buck. This podcast looks at a west available nowhere else. Each episode I'll be diving into some of the lesser known histories of the West. I'll then be joined in conversation by guests such as Western Historian, Dr. Randall Williams and bestselling author and me Eater founder Steven Ella.


I'll correct my kids now and then where they'll say when cave people were here. And I'll say, it seems like the Ice Age people that were here didn't have a real affinity for caves, You know, So join me starting Tuesday, May 6th, where we'll delve into stories of the West and come to understand how it helps inform the ways in which we experience the region today. Listen to the American West with Dan Flores on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Glad. And this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast. Yes sir. We are back in a big way. In a very big way. Real people, real perspectives. This is kind of star stunned a little bit man. We got Ricky Williams, NFL Player Heisman Trophy winner. It's just a compassionate choice to allow players all reasonable means to care for themselves.


Music stars, Marcus King, John Osborne For Brothers Osborne. We have this misunderstanding of what this quote unquote drug Fans. Benny the Butcher, Brent Smith from Shinedown got be Real from Cypress Hill. NHL Enforcer. Riley Cote Marine. Corvette. MMA Fighter Liz. Kara Moosh. What we're doing now isn't working and we need to change things. Stories matter and it brings a face to 'em. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen to new episodes of the War on Drugs podcast, season two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. And to hear episodes one week early and ad free with exclusive content, subscribe to Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts Friday and letting y'all do donkey today.


And today was a great day to do it. Hell yeah. And salute. This is in Kendrick Lamar. Did we say that yet? Yes, actually we did. We can say it one more time though. Salute to them. All I ever wanted was a black grand national f being rational given with the X for Yeah. Two unapologetically Black people doing it at the highest level. If they come to your city, it's not like they need us to promote this tour. It told me selling out everywhere. But if they come to your city, go see it man. Jesus. All right. When we come back, miss Pat will be joining us. Big big interview coming up. What? What'd you say? What? What You say? What? That's big interview. I know it sound. He's gonna say big shit you said.


Oh my gosh. No. All right. It's the breakfast slogan. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building And she getting all the money, man. Nah. Yes you are. You getting all you eating Miss Pat? You are Eating well. I've been eating. I get food stamps back in the day. Yes. And I still buy them. Miss Pat ladies, gentlemen. Welcome Pat. Pat. Good morning, jazz. Good morning. Light skinned. What's up, greasy black man. Yeah, You got a little retainer in his mouth? You ready to eat something? No. I, I take it out in the morning. Oh, Is it? Oh, teeth straight. You have really came a long way since Whitney Williams.


Yes. I take it out in the morning. I actually smell my retainer every morning so I stay humble. Yeah, you look Like you nasty like that. Got you. Like you taking floss and eating it. So how you feeling? You got a new show back. How's everything going? This Is second half. Where season two of Ms. Patel in and working on season three. Just wrap season five of the Miss Pass show. I'm feeling good. It's Only season two if Ms. Patel. Well This, the second half we going into in a couple weeks. We, I started taping season three. So I'm excited. I'm loving, excited, I'm excited. I'm trying to work out here. How does it feel me, pat, like how does it feel to be living all your answered prayers? You know what? It's okay. It's not bad. You know, I can't, I've never had that.


I I made it moment until I finished my house and you finally your house over my house And I was like, okay, you might be doing it. So I'm, I'm proud of myself. I am. I, I don't let a lot of people come to my house, but I'm proud of myself. And you did that, did all the work yourself, right? No, I did the contracting, the, you know, the general contracting part myself. Yeah. That was from TikTok And I how an architect? 'cause I, I thought I was gonna save some money. Did you say money? No. Well, you know, I wanted to, I wanted to buy $5,000 faucet. So if I got rid of the general contractor, I thought I could do it. So I, I splurge in areas, but I still made some mistakes. But it's up. It looks good. And you finished right before deportation started. So that was good.


Yeah. Up. What you mean working? That's what you trying to say. That's what she told you. I thought you said last Time I didn't say about no deportation. No, no. You said Don't put that on me. On you. You just thinking how all Mexicans will do my work. Hey, they deporting black people too. That is true. But I did finish before deportation and thank God I finished before deportation. Yeah. Because I would've had to go up there and shake the president. Hey, but you know what I was worried about my housekeeper. I don't, I've never really had a housekeeper. So I got one that's I can afford. And I told her, I said Look here. If it come down to it, this is the underground railroad over here. Come hide your people downstairs and you know you can work with me for free until all of these shit is over.


I don't think you can say that publicly Ms. Pat. Well why not? I just don't feel like you If they run up in there, I'm gonna say I didn't know they were here. Hey yo. So how did you and your husband, Because I know he was there, he was part of building the house. Did y'all argue a lot? 'cause you talking about $5,000 fce. Oh nah. He didn't argue a lot. No, he just all he cared about how was I making his bedroom. 'cause we in separate bedrooms now And I love it. Y'all love that. That what? Okay, I've been married 32 years. If you get an opportunity to separate from your husband, you know like if you get an opportunity Yes. To separate from your husband, hey, without a divorce, you go over there. I go over there. I love it. And people always ask me, how y'all gonna get together? I FaceTime. You want hit it?


Come on over here, take a bath and get it ready for you. You know I shaved something back. Come get some. So there some nice bet. Shave I'll shave for fun. Oh, there's some nice way you Just say I don shave for fun. You won't watch a movie. He come over, he just end up falling asleep in your room. Won't fall asleep in his room. I'll wake him up. We, we don't, we don't do wake over. We don't do sleepover. Take your ass in your room and I'm gonna sleep in my room. We get through with it going on over to your room. I don't do that. You don't ever year and long just to stay in the same bed. Not one. At least one night a month. Yes. I've been having sex since elementary school. I don't yearn for the elementary school. Yes. I don't know why y'all got started so late.


Damn. I read your book ma'am. You ain't read shit. Read I sent you my book. It ain't even backed down. It's Probably but I did read It. Yeah. You ain't, you read the index part of it? No I didn't. You ain't never got Lie to me. Suck. I was about to say something from the book. That's how you talk about you was having sex in elementary school. Not everybody Know that. I've told that story a hundred times. Yes. Huh. Thank you. She's been a Oh gimme something else from the book. I bet you I know something. No, you Gimme something from the book. You read a damn book. I don't remember The book. You got your shot off. Oh, everybody Know I got my sound and it grew back. It grew back. It was the Nipple. They bust the Arian off. Oh it was, I aint had Medicaid. They just laid it back up their head. But I did re rabbit it. Boy Shut Was a phenomenal read. Rabbit should be a Movie.


You don't. It should be a movie. But you don't have to lie to me. We real friends. One thing he do, he do read books now. Right. But he Rabbit like seven years ago Pat said I shot my nipple off Jessica. It was just a nipple. Oh, oh okay. All right. You good? Because she said, he said she got a a boob shot off. I'm like dang. And it grew bad 'cause she's sitting there with two of 'em right now. So I'm like what the hell? Hell, I gotta lie, they could have shot half of it off And I still had more than you just Honestly, you know what Miss, you know what Rabbit remind me of? And I just thought about this. It's probably a new genre. A genre called it's like True Crime Dramedy. Mm dr That's What I would describe it as. Mm. Because it was a lot of crime in In rap.


It was, it was a lot of crime committed in Rabbit. Yes it was. But he ain't read it. But anyway, we still friends. We still friends. You Never thought have nobody ever wanted to turn it into a screenplay. We working The show loosely based off it. Well We working on it. I could see it to tell the whole story. We really need Emini series. So we we talking about it. I'm, you know, I'm always trying to d and dab into something with my life to let people know it's okay to laugh at the bull that you went on. Yeah. Went through in life. So that's what I'm always doing. You know you keeping the lights on at BET, you do know that right? You and Tyler Perry. Well you gotta say Tyler Perry, I only got two shows over there. BT only got four. Well damn. Yeah. Well I appreciate you saying that.


I wish they would give me an opportunity to create some more. So we are working on some things I'm trying to sell to everybody. This is a new prostitution ring for me. You a white man. You got the money. I got the legs to open for you. Hell, I know that. That's all selling is. Right. You just going. I went to, I'm here for upfront. I went to upfront last night and it was so funny 'cause I've never, I've never been invited to upfront before And I didn't know what to expect And I walked out. It's just all white people there. Advertisement and the prompter. The teleprompter teleprompter. Tele. I don't do well with teleprompter 'cause I don't read out loud like that. Yeah. I've been practicing over the years and boy that teleprompter got role And I was like, Hey I got a GED stop this mess right now.


I can't. I just, I just went into a whole full set and got a standing ovation. I was like woo, I'm glad I'm a comedian. Whites love us. Oh they, they do till they do. You just said that. You'll open your, nevermind. No I won't really open my leg but I will open something. I know what Smith though. They d whites love us to Booty hole cost you $50 million. God damn we in the wrong business Charlamagne. Hell No. I couldn't get no 50 million for this booty hole. If it ain't been in somebody been in somebody. He said somebody must have been with that used booty. Used Booty is crazy man. He just told y'all somebody been in his ass. Mine is a virgin. Mine is.


We don't believe it. We don't believe it. You just said somebody. It is you okay man. If Somebody had got this booty, I wouldn't be working there. Yes it was witness stuck a finger in it. That's why you working there. I molested. You did sit on her lap. You did. Everybody know when your uncle sat on your lap, he sticking a finger. Thumb. Lord have mercy. You, we gonna moves on you. We know you a victim man. You liked it 'cause you stayed on there by five years. Now when Ms. Pat settles it, how do you take Ray J serious? You don't take Ray J serious. You know Ray J called me one day and say he had an idea for a show. And I said, what is it Ray J? He said, me and l ne as mistress beating young guys in negligent walking 'em like a dog.


I said, first of all, who the fuck wanna see Miss Pat and l ne in a, in a negligent Mm walking white men Beating him? Yeah, beating him because we, I I don't know. I said Ray JI don't know what if you high but I'm married and second of all, I've never had on a negligence at least since the seventh grade. So why would me, me and Elle big ass now Elle probably do it because I've seen her do some crap but me in a negligent with my ty hanging and they uneven. I like to see that. You like to see that, right? No, I'm the only one. I think you should do it Miss we Are ell coochie wouldn't show from the front. We got all this extra. But you Say you wouldn't wear negligent, negligent but you was in Belize with a two piece On you.


A damn loud one on them. Boy you mistake me for my daughter Ashley. Shout out to my daughter Ashley. She's finally congratulations shout to plan a gay wedding. And so they asked me to do it right And I don't know nothing about playing no gay wedding. So I went straight to Pinterest and, and picked out a gay cake with the rainbow in the middle. And I sit there, I said, y'all like this cake? She like, that's gay. I'm like, well what the fuck for you? Right, Right. But they don't Like you to just put gay, just 'cause You gay don't mean she need a gay Cake. She she, she want a straight cake. I'm like y'all ain't doing straight shit. Now you gotta put a dildo on the top like a candle put instead of a candle. Have a dildo on the cup. A dildo with a, with a tuxedo and a and a gown on it.


That's A good answer. Does she wanna wear a gown or does she wanna Wear a tux? No, my daughter's the film but I think she do the down because she's so rough. My okay. I think she the one that put on the scrap on but really she, she's the girl thank God. 'cause I, my daughter look just like me. I don't want, I don't want my daughter look like no with my face. So. Mm. Did you know it was gonna happen? Like she come to y'all and ask you like I No, I plan. Well she asked me when we was planning the trip she said Can I ask your daughter marry her? I said Hell yeah you can. And so I set it up in the first day we was gonna get on the boat from, I stayed on one side of the island 'cause I wanted a little piece and we going to take the boat over to San Pedro and you know my whole family's fat so we, I run a fishing boat.


All y'all? Yeah. Nice. We eat Damn. Oh Y'all high school? No, no, no. The grandbaby's still skinny. Okay. So it's 18 of us. We get on a fisherman boat to go over there and I'm not lying. Do you know the boat got water in it because we was heavy. Why would y'all do that? Y'all know y'all big. Why would you get on? Why would they Let them all get on? They Don't know. I didn't know that the capacity, you couldn't take that many people because I said it was 18 people. I think they thought it was 18 small people but it was 18 people and probably 16 of us was thick. Oh okay. And we took off in the boat and the boat just got water and he was telling my son who was the biggest gi on east side of the boat to rock the water. I said man, turn this around.


So I told, I said you have to wait the next day. The next day when she got ready to propose, my daughter got drunk and started hunching on everybody like a little freak. And I was like, you sure you wanna marry this? And then finally, damn, finally when we stop her from drinking, she was able to ask her, Aw We need to go back to the first day. So you mean to tell Emini here that you messed up a proposal because everybody was too thick. Do you don't understand how that sounds? Well we wasn't the girl side who you put on the whole couch up here. But we was down. I text that motherfucker. If you ever in your life tease me by my way to again, I punch on your greasy as face. You know his, I'm surprised if you would've thought about it, he would've pulled that couch up there for you chance.


I would never do that. Ain't that big. That's what I told them. Talking like That. Nah I'm not. And I've been on Zaro whatever the hell it is. Zaro. Manjaro. Yeah. Yeah. So I've lost a few. How Long you been to then? What happened? Kiss my How long you taking it before you stop? What happened? I ain't gonna stop. I'm still on the When you No how much weight did you lose? Pat is talking This nerve. I'm not saying no. I shoulda wore, I shoulda have wore tighter shirt. Yeah. Yo stop y'all. Damn this could be your first time going to a a gay wedding. Yeah, this is my first time going to a gay. 'cause my daughter tried to get me to go to a gay church but the a gay church in Atlanta.


But the first lady was a man looked like you with a hat on. And I was like actually oh no we should play. I don dunno who we should do that. I can't go there. Tell And she was still identifying as the first lady. Yeah. He was identifying as the first lady. He That's really a gay church. You know it's a gay church. I know that boy. The way you put grease on your face, you know everything yo. So it says that on your podcast you're taking your health serious and you started your own garden. Yeah I did. I started a garden. Yeah. Oh no that's right. What you planted? What you I planted some beans. I planted some lettuce. I planted some greens. I planted some tomatoes. Biscuits. Same biscuit.


Yes you did. You started to Same biscuits. I don dunno who raised them. Charlie didn't raise his negro right. Planted some biscuits is crazy. This I planted some for man, I thought he like 'em cucumber size so they'll fit. Yes I did. Come on by the house. I got something for you in three months. Ladies, you got some of them going on? I sure did. You know how he like them miniature. He like the em hole. Oh my damn. You really aren't on that real. Yeah. What wrong with it? Nothing. You on Vaseline ain't you? Yeah he shining right now. Yo. Oh my god. Cocoa butter.


What cocoa's butter for? For deodorant. Yo. But are you for real? Are you changing your diet and stuff? Because girl go to hell Emini here boy go to hell. Tired of talking about this Dying. You'll see me next time I come back in a spandex. I can't wait. I bet you can't wait. I cannot stand. I cannot stand. We just rap Season five of the Miss pass come out in ain know. Talk to us about that. I think it's just so many layers to the Miss Pat show and then it is built up there layers to Miss Pat too. So many what it is been to your lips are soft.


See this is why I meant layers. Like, you know back in the day I ass like you period. I my folks ass like you 'cause you are all these little jabs. You doing that? My Navy, she said it's led to the show but it's 'cause it's legs to Miss Pat. That's why. But you the only person that can call me fat and get away with it. Call Miss Pat Fat. No you not. You just use other words. He I love you Evvy because he's so low down and dirty. He Yeah. And now you're on tour as well. I'm on tour. I'm in Cleveland this weekend. Come on Cleveland. Get your tickets then. I'm in Virginia Beach. That's Virginia Beach. I just added a show of beach. I did. So go get tickets for the Matine Show work the shit out me.


Oh, and then you going back to Ohio. Columbus. Columbus. Okay. Columbus. Come on Columbus. Get your tickets. You At hilarity this weekend? I Love hilarity. Yes. Made knife through the 11th. It's Gonna be great. It's gonna be great. So I'm happy. I'm happy. What we love I two Charlemagne check Out new episodes of Miss Pat Settles it Wednesdays at 10:00 PM and we appreciate that. I love her Miss Pat. And when season five starts, see season Five starts in the fall. That's all I can say right now. Okay. Okay. Season five starts in the fall. So make sure y'all get tickets to all the places that I'm going before. 'cause hey, we need to laugh. This is a time that we need to laugh. I'm about to put this mother. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's time for pastor. Oh dj. Come spin. What's up Nala? Hey girl. What's up guys? How are you? Nla Simone. Big Nla. What's happening? Nla. Lemme just fill you in the class today. Shut up. Up the class. Today is a little, the rest of your bid is a little drunk, so. Oh, that explains it. Her eyes are low 'cause she's high. Wait, so the smoothie is fake?


No, the Smoothie is very much rude. If you want to Y Ain't drunk. That's what hair sunglasses on yesterday. Yes. Last night. Yes. You turned up for Kendrick. He Sure did. I did. You know my daughter loves Scissor and she wanted to go to the concert. You was supposed to be there. Yes. But you was in the hair salon all day. I Was in the hair salon then I had to dj. Yes. Your Hair looks good by the way. Keep Moving because Show though. Fantastic show. Really? Yes. I'm gonna try to go today. Actually let's happen Production wise or you would love It. Yeah, I'm But the other dilemma outside of me getting my hair done way, which by the way, shout out to the way salon. Shout out to El Alicia. She did a good job. Custom color. Cool. But also So You can shout out, out to everybody. But can't tell Lauren What's I that's, I'm sitting now. Hair Looks good though.


That's why I'm so Confused. Leave it alone. Anyway, outside of that, why is it all the way in Jersey? Why are you praying? Because that's where they had It at, right? The MetLife Right Concert. I know it's an arena tour. It's At 46 minutes to get there. It's An arena tour. It doesn't take that long. But it's arena. Tour Stadium. No, it's 46 minutes because it was raining and it was traffic. Get there there and Then to leave as well. 'cause I was gonna go and was I'm sure it was. That's why I'm gonna check it out today. But in the meantime, let's get into these tunes. 'cause I have a few I wanna hit. Let's start off with Jordan at tune G with X in the city. Thoughts. It's cool. Yes. Yeah, it's cool. I like Jordan G. That was cool. Yeah. I wasn't impressed too much by that record. Okay. Okay. All right. All right, all right. You know he already has a hit. You know we going I'm, I'm sure I like, I like Jordan. Yes.


That just sounded like something the weekend, you know, Like Tory Lane, Justin Bieber. It was cool. We weekend recorded it but didn't wanna put it out. Oh, that's a reference track. Okay. Well anyways, let's try again. Here's another record. This is from a UK artist named npa and it's produced by, this is London who signed to LVRN and he just dropped his project today. So it makes you guys stream it. But my favorite record, well one of them is unfair. It's chill. I like it. Chill. Okay. Not Really Emini here. It's cool. It's all right. Emini here. You know, it feel like something I heard before. Both those records weren't great records. They were just cool records to me. It, yeah. And, and it, it just feel like something I heard before. Like it Ain't, am I getting better by the record? I'm trying to think. It Does get it back in the day. Feel like.


Yeah. Yeah. Nosalgic Like a, I don't know, like a Mario B 2K type. Yeah, something Like that. Interesting. Something. Yeah, we've heard that before. It's like, it's nothing new. Fine. It's not bad though. Okay. There's this artist that I recently discovered. Her name is Linda Dawn and this record is called Move. That's a stone cold groove right there, Jack. Yeah. A stone cold. I like that. Match My outfit. Okay. From the beat drop. You can hear that though. Little shoulder. That was tough. Stone cold. What? That was tough. Why Did that roll off the tongue for you? Like you said this before. 46. What'd that mean? That's, That's our lingo stone right there. Jack, You was born in the eighties. 78 seventies.


1,978, man. Oh I know it's the 19 hundreds. It's hard to keep up, but either way you was not using that lingo. Okay, two more, I swear and then I'm done. Connie Diamond dropped a new drink called Jack. I think I seen A video for this. I seen some. Yeah. That's dope. That's Dope. Okay. It is. I heard that already. I got somebody. What? What she said. Please, Please. No, no, no, no. Last one. Last one is off of a short film that two chains I think wrote is called the A TL experience. And it's featuring Ronald Isley and the Isley Brothers. Oh, That's hard. Hard. Yeah, I heard that. It hard. It's hard. It's cool to see two chains with the Isley Brothers. Yeah. Two chains rapping, Two chains sounds just collectively it sounds great. Two chains is Stone Cold Groove Jack. Okay. Why are you two chain said in the A HIV rate high?


You better use protection. I know. That line is actually wild To me. That's crazy. I wanted to, I I wasn't advice gonna bring it up. I'm just like Jesus Christ. Yeah, I thought the same thing. It's great advice but it's also just like, oh wow. It's really, I thought that was just Aware. Appreciate that. Bringing awareness. I ain't never actually leave me not even say it. Tough tune. Tough tune. That was, yo, You came back from the Kendrick tour talking like a soul singer girl. No, He drunk you Black soul. You just drunk. Listen, I, I was very inspired by the Kendrick Lebo as a concert. I really enjoyed it. I love seeing two people be there. Un unapologetically, black selves at the highest level. Mm. I really wanna go for reincarnated and Not Like Us. He did reincarnated. He did. He did. Man At the garden. Right? Right. He euphoria.


Oh he did euphoria. Alright, I'm going. I'm going. I'm going Today. Today. Oh God. Did he do euphoria? All right. Not too much. Not too much disrespectful with it. Okay. You guys like the record All cats on sunglasses in the day time? Yeah, they're Disrespectful with it. 'cause they rub it in. Like I was there like, okay, I Get it. I wanted to wrap euphoria with my niece. Okay. That's what I wanted. Do we having a good time when that euphoria be coming on in the cuff? Yeah, we do. You know what I'm saying? Word for Word. It was lit. It was Lit though. All right, I'm gonna check it out. But if you guys like the records that you heard today, make sure you guys check it out on my playlist at Nyla simonon on Instagram. Sorry, click link in vial fort N-Y-L-A-S-Y-M-O-N-E-E-E. While you guys are there, make sure you subscribe to my podcast. We need to talk, we drop new episodes weekly. Our latest episode out is with Lo J, the Nigerian Afrobeat artist.


And then lastly, make you guys follow certified vibe in general. We have a new battle, the beats coming up in partnership with Timberland's Beat Club. So I'm really excited for that. And we're opening submissions up, so make sure you guys submit. Alright, Big nla. Thank you nla. Thank you. All right. The People's choice mixes up next. Let's go. Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club now we got a salute for Miss Pat for joining us this morning. Salute The Big Pat, man. Pat. Miss Pat. What you mean? Not Big Pat, miss Pat Emini here. Big as in like her, her her status. Like Her name is Miss Pat. Miss Pat. I love Ms. Pat. She's doing her thing Season five of the Miss Pat show coming soon and her new court show, miss season two on Miss Pat settles it.


Yep. And also Emma, is it greed or Greedy? Emma Greed. Emma Grede a big dog, CEO and founder of Good American. One of the owners of Skims. That's right. Love talking to her. You know I love talking to her because she's one of four girls. Mm. And I got four daughters. So I'm just always intrigued by women who do the things that she's doing, making it to that level. What was instilled in them when they were young? You know what, Emini here, She's very confident. Very. Yep. Now Jesse, you doing something this weekend for Mother's Day? Yes. Tomorrow I will be in Detroit. I'm actually leaving today. I got some things, I got dinner or whatever and yo, I need your spot in Detroit Cannabis. Yes, I Got you. Absolutely. But one Mike Comedy Club, Jess Hilarious will be there tomorrow.


There is no 11:00 AM brunch. The brunch is canceled. But we do have the two shows that are now sold out. Y'all. I cannot wait to get there. I will be doing meet and greet after the nine 30 show And I got a little something for the Women for the seven o'clock show tomorrow. So I can't wait to see y'all. Detroit, I get there tonight. Alright. And don't forget my call show. Today is Friday. So if you haven't got your tickets, get your tickets to Goals down July 19th out in the 7, 5, 7. That's one of two I'm doing this year. The first one, like I said, we'll be in the Hampton Roads area. So Hampton, Norfolk, Portsmouth, Newport News, Virginia Beach surrounding City. So Richmond, north Carolina's close by dmv. Pull up. And if you wanna put your car in the show, I wanna see what you guys are driving out there.


You can email me DJ mv car show@gmail.com and let me know what you're driving. Hopefully you can put your car in the show on five and under are free for kids. Dominicans, bring your Hans baby. You know what Emini here. Tickets $20. Yeah. Your boy got a section for you. Family section 1995. 1999. Ticket family 1 19 99. Tickets I was doing already. Now they are 29.99. Oh, that's Still a good price. Bring the price. Yes. Pay $30. That's right. Salute the Logan to Logan in the building. Logan, get the man of the house. Shut up. Right. The man of the Casey household as hell. Oh my goodness. About time we get to see the man of the house. Goddamn. Leave on a positive note you had the positive note is simply this kindness is doing what you can, where you are with what you have.


Kindness costs nothing. So go be kind to somebody this, this weekend. Okay, have a great day. Why didn't give us something fun? That was fun. No, only a mean brother from Baltimore would think kind. It's not fun. No, no. Give us some fun. That was fun. Nevermind. We see y'all Monday. Go ahead. Breakfast club bitches. We don't finish with y'all.


Duck Time Is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free. With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


Hi, it's Emily Tisch Sussman host of the podcast. She pivots in honor of Mother's Day. We have some very special guests. I am Elaine and I'm Kaitlyn Murray. Both women pivoted out of their careers after having their kids proving that motherhood is just another chapter in our journey, not the end. Come on over to hear their full stories. You can listen to She Pivots on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Why is a soap opera western like Yellowstone so wildly successful? The American West with Dan Flores is the latest show from the Meat Eater Podcast Network. So join me starting Tuesday, May 6th, where we'll delve into stories of the West and come to understand how it helps inform the ways in which we experience the region today. Listen to the American West with Dan Flores on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali Su, CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There's so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content. The term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.