
This is an iHeartPodcasts. Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations.


Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


Meetings, deadlines, emails. Millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos?


Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in. With available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your own personal oasis. If you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bows premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, Moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


If you are not watching BMF on Stars, your seriously missing out from executive producer Curtis 50 cent Jackson. The new season is coming and Meech and Terry are leveling up. They're expanding their empire, launching a music label, and even hitting the 1995 source awards. Oh, and did I mention Lamar is back. BMF is where drama hustle and hip hop collide. The drama top tier, the stakes higher than ever. This is the season everyone's going to be talking about. Don't miss the season premiere June 6th. Only on Stars and The Stars app.


If you own a home, here's an interesting fact for you. Today, American homeowners are sitting on a record amount of home equity. That's the part of your home you own Outright. Rocket Mortgage can help you turn that home equity into cash and that can help you fund a home renovation. Pay for your kids' college tuition or pay off consolidated high interest debt. To learn more, just call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com today. Rocket Mortgage LLC licensed in 50 states. Nmls consumer access.org Number 30 30.


Good morning. USA. Yo. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo. Jess. Hilarious. Good morning, Charlemagne to be here in a second. And is Monday. Hey. Hey. Good morning. How you feeling? How was your weekend? It was good. It was good. I spent the weekend with my daughter and her grandmother. My son is down in Maryland or whatever. Right. But yo, you know what I find very scary. What's that? It? The sun was up at 4 58 this morning. Yo, y'all don't notice. It's getting, it's never been like Right. And when we did, yes. Like that is so scary to me. And it gets dark later. Yes. And I know that's not 'cause of no daylight saving. Like come on, yo.


That's because Daylight Always happens. Yes. No, it is. I No, you never used it. It Used this time of morning. No, No, no, no. I do. I it, I have never in my life seen the sun come out at four 30. Like four 50. Yes. Daylight's pretty regular. Crazy. Yeah. About this time To everybody out there that's actually experiencing spring and summer. Okay. Because, well, some of 'em start till June. What, 10th or 20th? Yes. Okay. But we, in springtime, we ain't getting that in the tristate. Nah, I don't feel Okay. Sl everybody across the country that's experiencing actual spring temperatures, we are not. I Just feel like how can an hour do that? Y'all like one hour? No, no. An hour going forward and back can change that. That crazy. What's the way that the earth is on the axis and that we're The only country that does that with Time?


Tyson, I don't believe nothing you just said. No, the way the Earth is on the axis, it might be, I don't know. This don't sound right. Coming from NB. Alright, well Fine. Well salute, salute To All the students at Lincoln Tech. I got a chance to speak at day graduation over the weekend. So salute to Lincoln Tech. It's a technical school where they teach, it's a trade school, I should say, where they teach automotive, hvac, electrical, welding. So I got a chance to talk at, at their graduation. I, I actually took a couple of classes there 'cause I just like to learn issue my, with my cars and stuff like That. You learn how to earth be on axis and you got, That's what you heard you learned that Day. And then happy birthday to my mom. I celebrated my mom's 80th birthday over the weekend. Nice. Nice. Had a lot of of fun. And then remember the daddy daughter dance?


I was practicing. That was this weekend too. Did you Do good? Did you weigh any knee pads? I, I killed it. I did wear my knee pads. I'm gonna show you a video later. I killed it. How many knees did you get down on? One or two? Only one knee. One This one. Only two at Diddy. Parties. Only two at free cost. Dropping a co bombs from Taylor to our producer. Man, she had an amazing baby shower this weekend. Yeah. We had a ball. And you'd be surprised how many of our coworkers, the tricks that they can do. I saw Brandon pick up a bottle with his mouth during one of our producers. Brandon. What? Wow. They was playing some baby game where you put the balloon in your shirt. Red. Know what I'm talking about? Red was day you put the balloon in your shirt And I guess you gotta act like you're pregnant and do like head, shoulders, knees told like they do wipe me down or something. Then you gotta pick the bottle up with your mouth. That was, here you go. Okay. There you go. Strong Line Brandon.


You gotta stop that, can't it up with your mouth. That was there. Him and Trav were playing together and he beat Trav. Oh Wow. Not the game. You beat a gay guy. He beat a gay guy at a Mountain game. I got a video. Wow. Wow. But speaking of happy pride then. Damn Brandon. Happy Pride month. Definitely Pride Month. Alright, Brandon. Yes. Brandon. Hop right out that closet this morning. Talk to us now. Rickey Smiley will be joining us this morning. Hey, he has a new comedy special. Rickey Smiley Foolish man Command is on Hulu May 30th. So it's out already. Yeah, it is hilarious too, by the way. And also Dr. Rita Walker will be joining us. Dr. Walk is the author of one of my favorite books, the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health.


And that book is celebrating five years. So she will be here to talk, talk about that. I was with Dr. Rita Walker this weekend too. At Rock Nations United Justice Coalition. We had a, a summit on how law enforcement can be better in re in regards to responding to mental health crisis. So Dr. Rito will be here this Morning. Alright, well let's get the show cracking. We got front page news. Morgan will be joining us. And don't move, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne ne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. What's up, Morgan? Morgan. Oh, you wanted to skip sports? Oh, okay. We could do that first off front page. There's breaking news out of Boulder, Colorado. Sad news actually, multiple reports, people marching for Israelis held by Hamas are injured and a suspect is in custody following a Molotov cocktail at a mall.


Now, the suspect, Muhammad Solomon is reportedly an illegal alien from Egypt who overstayed his visa. The attack which left at least six people wounded, took place during a weekly gathering of individuals. Did mention that. Now, FBI, director Cas Patel, described the incident at the Pearl Street Mall as a targeted terror attack. But Boulder Police Chief Stephan Redfern, he's not quite met, ready to make that designation as of yet. So let's hear those comments from him. We're not calling it a terror attack at this point. Again, it's way too early to speculate. Motive. You know, I, I know there's a lot out there on social media, but I ask people just to give us a little bit of patience while we work through a really complex scene. This was a beautiful Sunday afternoon in downtown Boulder on, on Pearl Street.


And this act is unacceptable. Yeah. So some of the injuries are reportedly life-threatening. And the Anti-Defamation League said on social media that the attack took place at the Boulder Run for their lives event. The weekly gathering for Jewish community members is meant to support the hostages taken during the October 7th attacks in Israel in 2023. So horrible. There's to, It's so horrible you Guys posted on that. There's in other news, the Trump administration is confident it will overcome any court challenges to its tariff policy. Now, Congress Secretary Howard Lutnick told Fox News Sunday that the latest challenge put the trade team back about a week in terms of their goals. But they added, he added that the country has returned to the bargaining table and Lutnick says the court challenges, the, the court challenge to tariffs was just a speed bump.


But he believes the White House will prevail in court. Let's take a listen to his comments, Howard. I think it cost us a week. Maybe. Maybe cost us a week. But then everybody came right back to the table. We're gonna take that up to higher courts. The president's going to win like he always does. But rest assured tariffs are not going away. Hmm. So Lutnick affirmed the constitutional powers that the president has to enact emergency tariffs if the nation is at risk. Trump's tariff plan was reinstated by Federal Appeals court last week after it was halted by a lower court. So remember I said good luck trying to keep up with the tariffs. Now that tariff block has officially been lifted since the last time we spoke on Friday. And more specifically, the White House says a trade deal with China is coming maybe as soon as this week.


White House economic advisor, Kevin Hassett, was asked about the status of trade negotiations on ABCs this week. And he says the tariff battle with China is still being worked out. Let's take a listen. The presidents we expect will, will discuss the matter this week. Once that thing's resolved, then we're gonna take deals into the oval that James and Greer and Howard Lutnick have negotiated. So Hasid added that he expects President Trump will update the tariff plan this week. And China, excuse me, Trump accused China of violating its trade deal and announced that he was doubling steel and aluminum tariffs. So again, we'll keep you posted on how these trade deals and tariffs work out as time arises. It looks like we have a little bit more time for one more.


So I'm gonna go a little positive with this one. June Marks pride month, the celebration of L-G-B-T-Q, history, identity, and Progress. It all started with the first Pride Parade in 1971 year after the Stonewall riots and New York sparked national push for L-G-B-T-Q riots, or excuse me, rights. The White House officially recognized Pride month in 1999. And in 20, in 2003 the Supreme Court struck down laws that once made homosexuality a crime. So, but it does seem like things are headed in a reverse type situations. So while you guys can enjoy Pride Month, shout out to the QS that are enjoying Pride Month right now. So, All right.


Happy pride month. And yes, The GT QS Morgan Qs Morgan just made it sound like a bunch of lettuce SL to the GBT Qs. You might as well Just say SL to the GY. Well You know, no, the G Ys might not identify as the T's and the T's might not identify as the LG or or the B. So you know, you gotta get into it like that. But then you know Its, and sometimes why You clown out. Alright Tyler, update news for 6:00 AM at seven. We'll talk about Trump's big beautiful bill. Yeah, And I forgot the report. Sports Emini here. The Pace has beat the Knick 1 25 1 0 8. You didn't forget. Oh, okay. Congratulations. You didn't wanna acknowledge it. Nobody in Indiana. I forgot.


All right. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest chief calling. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Well Good Morning Club. It's J from How Better? Of course. What's up JA You probably called at three o'clock. What? You went and waited online this morning? No, I finished up my workout And I just figured I'd give you guys a call. How was your weekend, Andy? My, my weekend was great.


My mom turned 80 this weekend. Beautiful. Happy birthday to Mamas. Hey, did you see anything on TV that would interest the either one of us? You know What? I watched Tulsa King on the plane. That was pretty interesting. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I like that show. Huh? So I just wanna say there's some good and bad news that I caught about The good news is that we're all, all healthy and a lot. The bad news is that the Knicks lost again and going into the summer football season's about to start and you got a root for the Giants. So it's gonna be a bad year for you. Damn. You ain't lying. Lemme ask you a question JA, do you think that the pace is win one game against OKC or will it be a sweep? Damn, you Talking crazy to you. Come on Charlamagne.


We gonna win four games or two respecting Deanna a little bit. You think the paces can beat KC? We are going to beat KC. Okay, Well good luck Jay. I'm standing on that so I just want, I appreciate y'all. I just wanted to say good morning. Have a good day. Oh, real quick, Jeff. Yes. You talking about daylight saving time, go to Europe. Not that it matters, but I've been there. The sun rises at 4:00 AM Trusting is different. Okay. I appreciate that We locked in. Y'all have a good day and good luck dj. Yes Sir. Day. Thank you. Damn Consistent with his Disrespect. I know, right? Hello? Who's this? My name is chairman calling from Chuck. Sam, What's up? Four three. What up? What's happening? Four three Downtown Rutledge Avenue.


You already, What's up? So here, here's what I really, so I'm just trying to, to try to save someone nicely, but I don't know how, but I'm say anyway, I just want coworker. That's it. You Said you just wanna smack a coworker. I just want to smack her way on. Right. Who, who, who At at least you ain't say you wanna box him any mouth. Who, who you wanna smack? Well, I I, I don't box him any mouth yet. Okay. But I Ain't Bobby Slam. Do you know the type of people like, okay, you work nice product. Right? And evidently that's the shift you Like, do you have, you have us on Bluetooth Mama? Oh yeah. Yeah. Your phone sound a little muffled.


Take us Up. Bluetooth or speaker, if you got us on Bluetooth or speaker. Evidently that's the shift you like. And if you like that, that's fine. What? But don't give me all the vitriol And I cut the work shift o'clock in the morning. I asked you one question, So why can't y'all just have a conversation about it? She's Nasty. She got an attitude problem and she got scared of her. Why can't y'all just have a conversation about it? I already tried to have one and you know, it's very hard to have one. And here's the bad part. I'm in my sixties and she's 70 and that, that, that's, that's a problem. It's like you shouldn't even be acting this way. It's not like I'm dealing with a, with a gen deal or a young kid.


I'm dealing with a person that's older than me. Well if you smack a wiggle, if you might kill us. So you better not even put hands on Her. And we not, we not, we not doing the smacking. We gonna have a nice conversation with her. You gonna pull her to the side and you gonna say, Hey girl, look you okay? And then y'all gonna have a Lady. I done tell this lady several times. I was like, why you, why you talk so mean? I said, you getting ready to go home. Why coming in? You should be happy. You know? Oh, I said all night I got, you know, it's like Emini here. The sun shining is a problem for this lady. Damn. And I was like, this morning I asked her one question and she's the type of person when you ask her a question, she assumes she know a whole question because half of it she know and she assume that's what you gonna ask the rest of it.


And she'd be so dead wrong. Hmm. Like I asked her about water. I don't know. You asked me that. So I don't work that. I don't do that. My Job. Ask her about the water in the refrigerator. That's all I asked her just in, And I said, you know what, this, the second time somebody tried to just go ahead and let this lady know. Well Kim just breathe. Kim just breathe Me like that. Pete Kim just breathe. Okay. I Put you in the trash can because the old me will put you in the trash can. Well I Do. Me. God has been good to me. I really He has been y'all. I he has been The old Kim would've just put that lady right the trash can. Well remember that. You know, I'm so grateful for the new Me. That's right. But this Lady is rolling on the old Kim.


Hard. Well keep praying, keep praying, keep doing your, Keep praying for me because I, we, this lady walk around here and bully people. Oh no. Bully over lady. I don't even take bullying like that. But I'm trying to be nice because she older than me. Okay. Kim, just breathe. We we gotta go though Kim, just breathe. Please don't the keep your discernment. All my, I'll let you know what the bail is. Oh boy. Okay. Goodbye. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk.


I hate the way that you dress. Everything with me is best. Call up next. Eight five eight five one oh five one. Not just me, I'm with the coach of feeling. Hello, who's this? Hi, this is Eric. This Eric. Hi. Good morning everybody. Good morning. I just called to say that we love and support you. Just hilarious. Thank you. And to say that the con the people who think that the a woman is a construct is fundament, their premise is fundamentally flawed. Because in order to assign any roles or expectations to something, you have to identify it first.


And woman was always identified as female. And that's what it's defined as an adult female that doesn't deny transgender people or anything. That's just the truth. Okay? That's all I call today. I appreciate It. Thank you for calling Eric. Thank you. Alright, Thank you. Bye. Hello, who's this Lonnie from Maryland. Lonnie from Maryland. What up bro? Chilling man. What's up Jess? What's up Charlamagne? What's up man? What's up Lonnie? How are you sir? Hey, Listen man, I gotta get, I'm good man. I gotta get off my chest dog. Charlamagne Envy been playing you for a long time. Lemme tell you how, man. What's another word for donkey ass? Yeah. And every day he look you in the windows of your soul and ask you who you giving your donkey to?


Charla Charlamagne. You my man, I gotta look out. Envy you wrong bro. You think, you think I don't know that we know how gay NV is? No. What Gay Envy, envy is deep in the gaze of his soul. Oh my goodness. No, that's not how you say it. Well, he's deep, deep in the gaze. I'm not deep in nothing with you. Nothing. His soul is really gay. Look, I, I say I Pride. Listen, happy pride. You're gay. Love y'all man. Charlamagne. I was in the military for 20 years, brother. I got out and, and because of you and a couple other folks, I, I started studying psychology. I applied for my masters' in clinical social work. So I appreciate you brother. I appreci appreciate you man.


Yes sir. Brother En I look forward to seeing you at your car show. Jess, you just the best. I can't even, and Lauren too. But Jess, you the best. Thank you. We let you out here. Hey, we got a great guest this morning too. I don't know if you know Dr. Rita Walker. She's the author of the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health. That book is celebrating in five years. So she'll be here this morning. So I think you would enjoy that. Absolutely. I read that because of you brother. Yes sir. I can't wait. Absolutely brother. Have a good one. Be safe. Yeah. Take it easy. Yes sir. Get It off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got the latest with Lauren. What's up Lauren? Hey, good morning. Yes, we do have the latest with Lauren coming up because Cardi B hard launched us Stefon digs over the weekend and she wrote 'em out like Emini here. We seen 'em at the game, but like they did like their swipe throughs, their Hey, we here together, don't play with us.


Oh, You mean like they they they announced that they together, they Emini here. They, they didn't say we're together, but she posted a video twerking on him on that boat in Miami. Photos of them two kissing on the boat. He did a swipe through pictures from the game. Like on their actual pages? Yes. Oh, all Right. Why you make it sound like it's pr like you said, hard and lunch. Like she, that's What you do when you roll. That's a mech when you roll your bay out on the ground for like, for real, for real. Like, it's like, you know what, Emini here, all You gonna court today? Yes I am. Okay. All We'll get into all that when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Well let's get to the ladies Rainbow and Goat outside Lauren becoming a straight, she gets them from somebody that knows somebody she gets That knows a little bit about everything and She the latest on, but it's the latest when Lauren la sometimes she has facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything.


Well, it's the latest on The Breakfast Club. Talk. Talk to me. Dang. Good morning everybody. Yeah. Good morning. All righty. So let's get right on into the latest. So Cardi B offset Stefan Diggs. So we did the report in here last week about Offset and there was a filing for spousal support. Once we did that report, Cardi B saw our report And I, she saw the reports of the spousal s spousal support, spousal request. And she got on Twitter spaces and she, she spoke for herself. Let's take a listen to Cardi on spousal support. The fact that I'm waking up right now to see that this and his team, I don, I know it's not his team.


I know it's, it's his gonna tell The Breakfast Club the only reason why this mother asking for spousal support because I was asking for everything and because I don't be with my kids. Yo, you such a s right to my mother. I want you to die, but I want you to die slow. You die, die slow in the bed. And I think of me and when I first filed for divorce, my lawyer fought for shit and this started spasming, right? So I told my lawyer, I asked for no child support because I wanna be done with this marriage. Like I feel like I'm tied up. Nobody want, you don't want your kid's father to die.


Yeah. I think she just, she's upset. And so then after this, sometime after this, well first let's, there's another audio because then she talks about actually being able to, the whole kids thing because there was a claim allegedly that some them, there's not a good relationship as far as like Cardi with her kids or him being able to see the kids. And she spoke to that. Let's take a listen. Kiari is allowed to see my kids. He stood up my kids three times. He has seen Blossom only like five times and I've been trying to save your face. But for you stop playing saying that I don't be seeing my kids because you don't wanna look like a less of a, I lie you to talk to the kids every single day.


If I allow you to talk to the kids, why would I not allow you not to see the kids? It was a point that he was making a big deal. Like, oh, I'm not gonna go to New York to see the kids because I'm not gonna be seeing my kids in a hotel room. I said, you know what? To make it easier for you, you could see the kids in my house just because I want my daughter to feel the love of her dad. Okay, so before you start talking to me about I don't see my kids, you haven't seen a kid since March. I don't wanna know any of this. I don't want to hear about any of this. Like some things should be worked out behind closed doors. It's, It's just sad to see a relationship happen like that. Yeah. It it's just so damn sad. Yeah. And then so following this, there some sometime in between and I'm sure Cardi haters love this.


They love to see when you going through it. Of course. Yeah. I think offsets too. Like they, both of 'em I'm sure. Yeah, because people had so much opinions and stuff about their relationships. Anyway, lemme get those photos about their relationship. Anyway, so people, this, this just adds to the conversation people have been able to have. But following this, because there was a lot of back and forth online, a lot of support for Cardi, a lot of support for Offset. Stefan Diggs and Cardi B got on Instagram and they both separately did their own posts. So Stefan Diggs did a swipe through and you know it was, he actually posted on June 1st, so beginning of the month type of thing. So he said in his caption to the month of May, I appreciate you nonetheless. Gotta stay focused. And we know that Cardi B has been dating Stefon digs. I were the photos of them at the Knicks game.


But this is the first time that both of them have actually posted each other on their Instagram. So he did a swipe through and in the swipe through includes a photo of him and Cardi B at that game. And the last video, which people of course pulled out the in the swipe through is


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


If you are not watching BMF on stars, you're seriously missing out from executive producer Curtis 50 cent Jackson, the highly anticipated news season is coming and Meech and Terry are leveling up. They're expanding their empire, launching a music label and making major moves in hip hop culture. Even hitting the 1995 source awards. Oh, and did I mention Lamar's back? You already know that means trouble. The rest of the Flannery family is also feeling the pressure. Charles and Lucille are facing the consequences of Meech and Terry's actions. And Nicole is caught in the middle dealing with her own growing pains. This season brings more drama, more heat, and more star power. Get ready for guest stars like Kofi Rebo, Skye Jackson, Tyler Lepley, Clifton Powell, Rockman Dunbar, sweetie Miles, Truitt and more. The cast is stacked in the storylines. Next level. BMF is where drama hustle and hip hop collide. And this season the stakes are higher than ever. Believe me, this is the season everyone's going to be talking about. Don't miss the explosive season premiere June 6th only on Stars and The Stars app.


The first two months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's the good news, you don't have to bring that stress into your


car. The all new Nissan Ronald is your piece on wheels. Thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Taking the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the bold premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with the 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic, chill or in straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in the chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan of vinyl today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional Features


If you own a home. Here's an interesting fact for you today American homeowners are sitting on a record amount of home equity. That's the part of your home you own Outright. Rocket Mortgage can help you turn that home equity into cash and that can help you fund a home renovation, pay for your kids college tuition or pay off consolidated high interest debt. To learn more, just call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com Today. Rocket Mortgage LLC licensed in 50 states. NM ls consumer access.org number 30 30


A video. From that moment when the Migos were at they at the BET awards and the whole, did I get left off Badoo? That whole conversation. So he grabbed the part from that video. It's of Quavo saying like, let's wrap it up then. So I'm like that. So people grabbed it 'cause they're like, okay this is a shot at Offset. And then you got Cardi who came back online as well and she posted a swipe through. So now her swipe through included photos from the beach on that boat on Miami in Miami that they were on them two hugged up Kiss stuff. I saw those. I don't wanna see 'em. She also posted photos. I Didn't see 'em. Let me see. Pass 'em over. She also posted photos of like a bunch of flowers she received and she's holding the flowers. They like filled the living room.


She also posted a video of her and Stefan Zigs on the boat getting crazy. Amen. She gets it on them. Looking at those pictures hurt my feelings. Okay, your because your ex-wife, the mother of your child done moved on and found love with somebody else. That hurt to see if you got a good woman. If you love her, then you better do right by her because it's gonna hurt to see her with someone else. And when that's someone else got a three year $69 million contract with 26 million guaranteed. Oh that's just odd. That tweet threw. That's Crazy that you feelings hurt. Was your feelings hurt for her when Offset was out here with the hose? If Offset had a richer woman? Yes. Oh yeah. No, I Would be, yeah, but no aint how this is working out All. All right. Well she deserve all she getting and yes, I look like she be getting, damn, I love it That I love this.


I'm not gonna lie bro. Yes, she look good on that boat. All that. They look good together honey. Love it. It Just so happy. It it hurt. It does. It hurts to see as a man. It's just like, damn, I'm happy for this woman because that can happen. That can happen if you, you know, if you f up f you do the right thing. Of course I think a lot of us, that woman will move on. I Think a lot of us thought too that maybe one day they would figure it out it would be good or whatever. But yeah, it seems like she's completely where she's at now. And listen, he over there crying in their lips crazy. There's no need for you to do this. It's too bad. So sad. So sad. You See what I'm saying? He said how cold women are women cold. I think it's just, I think for the women that are, 'cause it was a lot of women defending Cardi when we did it our, our story about this spousal support.


People feel like they've been along this ride with them because there was a lot of the cheating allegations and things on Offset side, but they were very public. So people feel for Cardi, they feel like know she's finally trying to get her things together and all these explosions keep happening. Oh, Cardi doing her thing and Cardi has every right to do that. Absolutely. I'm just simply saying as a man, it hurts to see because that is what happens. Yeah. When that woman is up and when that woman is ready to to move on, she gonna move on and live her best life. And it's going hurt to see She mama Has kids. It's just sad to see. 'cause we seen both of 'em come up in this, in this industry. Right. We see them start dating, we see them get married, we see them have children, we see them, you know, mess up together. We see them get back, we see them do music and then just to see that, it's just sad man. Yeah. Ain't Nobody said but offset the hell now what else you got going on?


You So stupid that that's it for Going on here. Jess ain't Got this Monday morning. Don't play with Jess today. Okay. Excuse me, baby cry much just started. You was not having it. Yes. And I Was thinking myself. I said wake up bitch. It's the morning Pride. Grab your rainbows and go outside a a oh guess what? Pride, let's get It. Are you on the court today? Guess what? Listen, listen. Cardia is the homie, but Offset being sad is enough for me. I have a little empathy for her. Okay. Just a little. The whole situation as a man, as a man, I have a little empathy just 'cause I'm like, damn bro. She out here with somebody else not living her best life. Yes. This man got a $69 million contract with 26 million. Why you talking about The money?


That's why you came Out at the 20 Amount of money Emini here Offset got his own money too. But what did we expect Cardi B to do? That's what I'm saying. At the end of the day. At the end of the day, That's why the spousal support thing wasn't a good look. Yeah. 'cause when you out there living your best life with somebody who got that kind of paper and then whatever's happening in the courtroom saying, you look up as possible. That don't look right. Not at all. That Don't look right. Just get over it. Niggas get divorced every day. B, just move over. Jess is crazy. They don't move on. They talking about him potentially getting cut from the Patriots over that boat video Though. Oh my God. That boat video is still really much a thing. Yeah. Very much a thing. And a lot, a lot of people Too. I don't think that's gonna happen though. I was about to say, I've seen a lot of people say that, that that's a step too far to cut him. Yeah. But they just, I guess I don Know.


Well they gotta prove what's in it, right? They you don't know what's in it. Yeah. Gotta prove What, Why did they have cameras on the boat? That's Crazy. I don't, Jeff, Jeff pointed something out this morning. 'cause y'all were saying it was an outdoor case that I never saw the video. I saw it this morning for the first time. That was a baggie. When he pops it open, there's baggies. No, It's a bag baggy Period. I I saw the pop open. No, There was no pop open. It was a baggie. Regardless of whatever we think it is. Was video, video, video. I've seen it was, it looked like a popup, but I don't know if it's the same video. I saw different things, but whatever I seen was a, what you showed me this morning wasn't a pop open though. Was saw a Baggy full of pink powder. Yeah. But I will say even outside of that, as we wrap up, the people Just say him being on the boat and having a good time in general was a bad look for the team. And that that caused a lot of too, And I like been outside.


I don't look what, I don't know they having a reputation conversation. But yes, they would have to investigate and figure out what was what. But it, Well, no matter what, what happened, no matter what happens with the Patriots or whatever, he still got the Girl. Man. Could you cut it out? Boom. Keep praying for all parties involved. Just quick question. You gonna court today? Who's, who's on the, on the stand? I know you're gonna talk about the next hour, but Yeah, I, I'm not for sure who's on the stand today. I know they finished up with Mia, the per personal assistant. Yep. With her cross examination on Friday. But I'm not for sure who's gonna send it down. I'll get you the Answer to that. Okay. All right. Now when we come back, we got front page news and then Rickey Smiley will be joining us. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. You are are checking out The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy.


We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get some front page news now. Over the week, the Nick Wick over the weekend the Knicks were eliminated. Oh, you Can't even get it up. I can't beat the Knicks. 1 25, 1 0 8. So the paces will be taking on O as busted. The first game is June 5th. It wasn't even the fact that they lost, they just got they ass busted. Did you think about how they fumbled in game one? The niggas didn't wanna win that series. Yeah, It was horrible. Horrible, horrible, horrible. But what's up Morgan? Oh, Good morning, envy. I'm so sorry. You know, thoughts and prayers. Thoughts and prayers. Let's talk about Trump's big beautiful Bill. So house speaker Mike Johnson says The White House spending bill will actually strengthen Medicaid. Of course this is from opposition on the other side of the aisle.


Now Johnson told NBC's meet the press. The bill protects all safety net programs by implementing much needed reforms. He added that it will cut the deficit by over a trillion dollars over 10 years. Let's take a listen to House speaker Mike Johnson on Trump's big beautiful Bill. There are no Medicaid cuts in the big beautiful bill. We we're not cutting Medicaid. What we're doing is strengthening the program. We're reducing fraud, waste and abuse. The reason we call it the big Beautiful Bill is because it is a tremendous pro-growth package entwined in this legislation that is gonna make everybody's incomes go up. There's gonna be more job opportunity. So the Senate will now debate the measure where Republicans can only afford to lose three votes.


The multi-trillion dollar tax and spending package narrowly passed the house last month. And after the Senate votes House, house lawmakers will have to approve changes to the bill. I believe their deadline they're looking at is July 4th to get that passed. So we will, I'll keep you guys posted on that. Well, Let's say, you know here, here's the thing too. If they aren't cutting Medicaid, you will know. So if your Medicaid gets cut, you will know they lied to you. So please remember speaker Mike Johnson saying that they aren't cutting Medicaid. I hope they're not cutting it. But if they do cut it, you will know that they lied to you. They say they're not cutting the Medicaid right, but they're saying they're rooting out the waste, fraud and abuse of it. So basically, if you are an illegal alien or if you're somebody you know here that may, may not, you know, supposed to be there, or if they supposedly feel that you're, you don't qualify, then yeah.


But that's where the cuts are. But that's when they're saying that's where it's that gray area of where they say it's supposed to be waste, fraud and abuse. But you know, I'm not gonna get too much into that. On the other side of the aisle, Democrats say, Trump's so-called big beautiful Bill, we'll kill Americans. That's what Connecticut Senator Chris Murphy told CNN State of the Union. Let's take a listen to his comments. When you lose your healthcare, you are much more at risk of early death when rural hospitals close because of this bill. When drug treatment clinics close in Iowa and rural America, because of this bill, more people will die at a younger age. So Murphy says he fears rural communities will suffer the most if the bill is signed into law. Democrats say the White House tried is trying to cut Medicaid and other social safety nets by billions of dollars.


Now Republicans say they are much needed reforms to the programs that will cut the deficit. So again, we'll keep you guys posted. As of today, Congress is still in recess, but they will be back in session tomorrow. And I'm gonna be up there asking all the questions. So President Trump, he says he will seek Congressional approval for those related spending cuts in this fiscal year. Now the Office of Management and Budget director Russell V says, the White House will use a special tool that recommends Congress take back spending that is already approved. That's called the Impoundment Control Act. The ICA Empowerment Control Act specifically addresses the president's ability to withhold or delay the spending of funds already appropriated by Congress.


Now, office of Management and Budget Director of Russell Vote describes the rarely used procedure. Let's take a listen to his comments. It's A provision that has been rarely used, but it is there. And we intend to use all of these tools. We want Congress to pass it where it's necessary. We also have executive tools. The very Impoundment Control Act itself allows for a procedure called Pocket Rescissions later in the year to be able to bank some of these savings without the bill actually being passed. So he told CNN State of the Union, it was used for over 200 years, but stopped in the 1970s leading to fraud and abuse. So I'll keep you guys posted on what they're gonna be trying to, you know, what basically what programs are where that money will be coming from and how it will be replaced or reused in in other areas.


That one's fairly interesting. And one last one I think is impacting a lot of people seem to be a lot very upset about this. The Department of Labor has suspended operations at more than 100 Job Corps centers nationwide. The center in Detroit's, a center in Detroit, shut down last week, well ahead of the June 30th deadline for operations to be suspended, leaving alumni and others in shock and announcing what is called a phased pause. The Labor Department said the program was no longer achieving the intended outcomes that students deserve. In addition, labor SEC Secretary Lori Chavez Reer pointed to a number of serious incident reports and our in-depth fiscal analysis. So that seems to be a developing story is breaking overnight.


So I'm gonna keep you guys posted as well as to what happens as a result of these Job Labor Corps, or excuse me, job Corps Centers being shut down nationwide. But that pretty much concludes your front page news. You guys can follow me on socials at Morgan Media. And for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@bnnews.com. Thank you. Thank you. All right. Now when we come back, Rickey Smiley will be joining us. We're gonna kick in with Rickey Smiley. So don't move, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed.


He's back. Ladies and gentlemen. Rickey Smiley. Hey. Hey. Okay. Thank y'all for having me. Your own show, Ricky. Huh? Don't you got your own show? Yeah, I got off early. Prerecorded a prank phone call. So lemme slide on over here to be with my folks. Man. Ricky, I will laugh so much. Watching your special man. I was telling them that this morning. You saw it? What you mean? I saw? Okay. Yeah. I knew you was gonna be with it. Man, I laugh so hard. You know why? 'cause it felt warm. Right. You know what I'm saying? Regardless of what you said that people might be offended by, it just felt like it was coming from a good place. Yeah. That'll be all right. That's a problem, man. The comedy is just, everybody is too sensitive right now.


Yep. We need to get back to the nineties when comedians did what they did. Eddie Murphy Raw is still funny. Yep. Yeah. I don't get offended at nothing. Eddie Murphy Delirious is funny. All Jamie Fox, Martin Lawrence, those specialists are Mark Curry. All of those specialists are still funny, man. We just in a cancel culture. Yeah. And on this one I Just say, what the hell I wanna say. Yeah. And just have fun with the audience. The audience that came out to see you. They said we want you. And that's what I gave em. I wouldn't want, I wouldn't want a young kid to watch Eddie Murphy raw delirium, especially a young member of the LGBT LGBTQ community. Not right now. You gotta ease into that one now. You can't Just say, you can't just turn that one on now.


But that is that why it took you 10 years to do another special. No, man, you know what happened? I got in the radio, got into raising the kids. I was still performing on the weekend. You just have to give yourself some space, give yourself a cushion to have a balanced life. You know, do radio, you know, do shows or whatever. But then push the kids on the swing set and just have some fun and enjoy life and sit on the beach a couple of, a few weekends instead of three shows on a Saturday, two shows on a Friday. And it ain't the shows, it's the in between shows. Just, you know, the two hour, the two and a half to three hour wait for you to go back on stage in between shows sitting in a room with comedians and we run out of things to talk about and your voice gone.


And, and it just, that, that was kind of, I just needed, I just needed a cushion. So I, I didn't put pressure on myself to do another one. I just kept performing. And David Tabert. Yeah. And Land Tower. It was like, Hey man, you need to do another special. You haven't done one in, in years. I said, okay. So I was like, cool. Then we did it. We shot it, did three shows and it was fun. I had a good time. If I had one critique, I just felt like I, I don't know, just kind of felt like I had something to prove And I think I should have just took a deep breath and just relaxed a little bit. When I go back and look at, you know, you your own worst critic. Right. You, you hear yourself on the radio, you gonna turn the station, you ain't gonna sit. Absolutely. And listen to it. I can't stand and listen to myself, myself Prove to who, what you gotta prove to. I I you just feel like you just have something to, to prove.


Like you coming out like, like, like, like calm down. Right. I Like, it was like a walk in the park. You was like a uncle at a cookout like you. Right. That's what I was gonna ask you. Did you write anything? It just seemed like you just had it and it was just, it was there. Like Yeah, just I had been working on some of that material for, for for years. Hmm. And it was just sharp. It was developed. I had did it in comedy club. I had Rita, Brent, comedian, special K, big Sean, LaVar Walker. Yeah. You know, you know, helping me out or whatever. Giving me, you know, punching up the stuff. Making it funny and performing it. Yeah. You know, so when you perform the stuff, you know, just when we did shows together, you know how many times I'll, I'll pull y'all to the side and say, Hey look, you make a mistake right here, do this right here and then flip that.


Do that right there. I wish I could coach comedy now that's Oh I wish that you can, you definitely need some comedy coaches. I, I would tell her I was on beat Simone ass one night. Yeah. I said, why did you do that? I bought her to the dressing room. I said, you need to do this like this. She said, for real? She said, I just really appreciate you even taking the time. Are they receptive though? You the comedians? She was, well, I'm sorry Emini here. I'm sorry. Yeah. But she was, 'cause she did exactly what he, 'cause we were all on tour. We was on the same side. Exactly what he told her too. And she got a bigger response. Oh Sure did. Yeah. And we was just going crazy about it because, you know, I take the time to coach them. I pull just to the side and say, Hey, let's do this like this or what do you think? Or do you think this will work better?


I'm trying to tell 'em what to do. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. But that's, that's our job because we was coached, you know, you couldn't make no mistakes. You have to respect, if somebody put, think enough of you to pull you to the side. 'cause most people not gonna say nothing. Yeah. They say, can you coach people when they not funny? Yeah. Hey, hey, just don't, don't go back on stage. U ps is high now. Now you can write jokes, you can write funny, but they have to know how to perform it. Yeah. Or whatever. Or you just have to find that, find that whatever that niche is and build from there or whatever. Yeah. So Is it okay for comedians to have writers? Yeah. Okay. So because you know, some people like, nah, I write my own jokes. I do my own stuff. Like you see that so much. But now is today rappers got writers.


Now they help with certain things. Is that okay? Or is it one of those things like, I wanna write my Own stuff. Yeah. You give them your concept. You said, sometime I have a punchline. I said, here's a punchline. I tell you what I, I tell you another story. Saturday entertainer wrote Little Daryl. No. Now that I didn't know. Wow. That's a true story. Wow. Now we opened up Uptown Comedy Club that was behind Houstons where we was doing the very open, the opening weekend. And I said, say it, I got this, this joke about this kid saying this Easter speech. And we was in a 79 Cutlass driving up Peachtree. He said, oh man. I said, what should I name it? He said, oh man. He was going through that. He said, Lil Darl. He said Lil Darryl. He said, yeah, he saying the Easter speech. And he said, my name Lil Darrel.


And Liz said, entertainer pretty much helped me develop that entire joke. Wow. That changed my entire career. I did that, that joke on comic view. And my career took off crazy. Like they still talk about it. People weren't even born. Well I don't know if you was born when I did little, But I know exactly I know it. Right. Yeah. Right. Say it, say it. Develop that joke for me. Wow. You're saying things in this special that people need to hear. For example, tell this brother envy why he shouldn't die as big. Yeah, yeah. Don't, don't die big because don't that that just for men or whatever. Men just for men's. Exactly what, he's just for men. I got a little dye in there, but I let the little gray seep out a little bit because women like that. Right? Yes. You a zady.


Okay. Okay. B one a zady get envy. We got to get off that van. We got to get off that van with them OGs with them gray beards with them suits on. That's right. Every we got get off the van with them. I like my little Jess men a little bit. I like my little Jess men. Let the little gray come on out. Mm. Women like that. I got a couple, I got a couple, couple they come. Yeah. Now I got the little gray coming out or whatever, but I took a eyeliner, the, the little mascara and kind of brushed over this part. Yeah. But, but whatever. But you got to make sure you got a nice blend. Like I'm young, but the gray shows the wisdom. Mm. You know what I'm saying? You do that and you take your two honey packs and have 'em s ticking outta your pocket pack. Lemme let them know. Lemme know. You still clap them cheeks.


Lemme know. Still got it. Stupid. We still kicking it with Rickey Smiley. Now, do you still get butterflies or nervous when you're on stage? Hell Yeah. You do it so much, man. If you not about to, if you don't have a bubble in your, as you about to fart, like you run, you gotta Yes. Passing gas, you know, just yes. You ever, you ever farted like headed to the microphone? I'm talking about like to take a, like right before, like 20 seconds before you gotta go on. You feel it right at the tip. You be like, damn, she's done that here. How about that? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Jess and Mike, Jess and Mike ELs Don't care. They'll blow up anybody's bathroom. What? Mike El Mike ELs farted on the set of Friday after next. Then we had to stop taping. No damn. Yeah. It was in, in the little house where we was doing the, the, the scene with the Christmas tree fighting.


Oh yeah. Mike IPPs let one go that day. They said, we gotta take a break. Take we, it wasn't, it wasn't, it wasn't enough spray. It wasn't, it was something in there. I don't know where Mike ips ate, but him and just, they don't care. They done blew, they blew up bathrooms. I, I, I, I got sick. I was so nervous. Oh, Darnell. Rons lowdown ass. Oh, I don't know if you did that show when, when the Martin Lawrence tour was in Atlanta. I don't know if you, I think it was B Simone. Yeah. So COVID had just came out. Darnell Rons goes on stage and man, he started doing this stuff. He took the hand sanitizer on stage and he, and you know, that's when COVID first started, because two weeks after that they canceled all the shows.


Yeah. Because COVID had got dangerous and he had the hand sanitizer and he was pumping and skiing the hand sanitizer everywhere on stage. The freaking audience was going crazy. I'm on side saying, yeah, not realizing that I was next. Damn on celebrating. He was like, yeah. Ah, my romance say, Hey Rick, you next, you need to get your together. Come look What he doing, man. He did a 26,000 standing ovation or however many people that arena. 12,000, 20,000, whatever. That State Farm already a full house donation. I don don't believe Don Rollins ever got a stand. No, no. We ain't going do that. They don't do that. We ain't, we ain't going do that. You gonna do that to That's my guy. Yeah. That's our guy.


Get mad though. Billy gets mad. He didn't have a standing ovation. Oh. You should have been there. I believe Darnell. Funny as Tell Benja Brown to send you the video. Benja Brown got it on tape. Shout out to Ben. Yeah, shout out to Benja Brown. So I was next. So I have a playbook, Charlamagne. So I have Acts one through nine. So it's not different jokes, but it's the order that I do the jokes depend on what happens before I go on stage. You know what I'm saying? I watch Nick Saban speech before I perform. Oh, okay. You watch a Nick Saban or a Coach Prime speech, you can, you can transform that in the comedy in order to get motivated. Yeah. I, I'm not lying, man. Football. So, so what does Nick Saban of Prime say that you actually like some line that you remember?


That you go out there and you, it's like he always talk about winning and being your best and just, it just builds you up to where you need to be to do whatever it is that you need to do. Even though we not playing football. So here, Darnell Rods on stage and you got all of the bloggers on the first two rows, all the celebrities on the first two rows. And if you have a bad show in Atlanta, you can kiss comedy, period. Let's just kiss and say goodbye in your career is, oh, you finna be in all the blogs that they walk out on you, you about to be in the blogs. And he got a standing ovation And I had to come with it. And I went on stage And I put that work in and got a standing ovation behind him. And I saw the blog I saw when they wrote about you getting a standing ovation in Atlanta.


They ain't mention Donel though. They did. Now you gonna have, now you gonna have him showing up at my show standing up in aisle and then you gonna be a Darnell Rods and Rickey Smiley instead of Darnell Rods and Hey Darnell Darnell, you know, you my boy. I'm, I'm, I'm giving you props. Dang. Kick Charlemagne's ass not mine. Yeah. So, so, And I went backstage and, And I was throwing up and damn. Yeah. Why? At the same thing, because it was pressure. Really. You can't get no standing ovation. Your career is over everything you work for, if you don't have a good show in Atlanta, Atlanta, you look at every show like that. Like you have to get that or no. Certain cities, no, that particular city and Don l Rollins had did this COVID joke that up, that shocked the crowd and it was so freaking funny.


I don't even think he wrote Damn, because COVID was fresh and it was was fresh. So we was like Right. Tipping, like right there. Yeah. And he did the joke off the top of his head. Mm. And he was just improv. And that wasn't no written joke because Yeah. You can't, the joke was not developed so, right. Because COVID had just came out. So it is fresh. So he, off the top of his head, he ripping the, I'm seeing drug dealers with necklaces on falling all on the floor, crying, people getting up, slapping each other. You ain't seen that in Def Jam. That's crazy. Not that kind of man slapping each other. Y'all black got be doing too much. What's success to you when it comes to that special or just getting it out? Is that just making sure that it's special? That's the thing. They call them specials, but the question becomes, you want it to, to be special.


Mm. You want it to be one that you and your mom going to pull out on Thanksgiving, like, like this special right here? I believe that they're gonna pull it out every Thanksgiving. Mm. And every Christmas we're gonna sit down and watch the special, not a lot of cussing, maybe one or two cuss words. You can watch it with your kids. They can get by the one or two cuss words that I use. And, you know, every Thanksgiving and Christmas, that's gonna be something that people will watch. Just like they watch Lil Darryl. And the how you do that Dar with the bass guitar. Charlemagne, I had that in there. We had to edit it out because I couldn't get 10%. So whoever owned 10% of that song, we could not find them to pay 'em. Wow. Oh wow. Or whatever. But the Thanksgiving and the Christmas part of it is my favorite.


Tommy Davidson FaceTimed me yesterday, still laughing at one joke about the Midget, and he just wiped him out. He went from Yo Yes, we was at the improv in Hollywood. Tommy Davidson went from table to table, repeating his joke while it was still showing on the screen. He would sit his ass down and he was going from table to table, just repeating that joke. And I just sat back salute to Tommy. I that it's a lot of funny, I I like what you, she call herself trying. That is so true. Yo, that's every aunt, every uncle name mama. Yeah. Them black mamas don't play that.


No white people say, oh my god, my my daughter's gay. Them black mamas, we Brianna, she not calling herself liking. That's the holiday though. So that's when you find out about that type of shit and, and all people missing because nobody ask you. We ask, where is Brianna? Why does she have to say that? Why can't she Just say she's in the back room back there and here's so mess hauling herself like it, yo. Yeah. Now that was the moment they hit the floor. Yes. That was funny, man. Do you ever feel like you have to reinvent yourself of the new generation? I did.


I did at one point, but I, I stopped doing that. I just started feeling like I have a fan base. I have audience that love me. Yes. And love what I do. And y'all don't ever forget this. Stick to what you do. You don't have to fit in with certain crowds and certain cultures and certain organizations you don't have.


If you are not watching BMF on Stars, you're seriously missing out from executive producer Curtis 50 cent Jackson, the highly anticipated new season is coming and Meech and Terry are leveling up. They're expanding their empire, launching a music label and making major moves in hip hop culture. Even hitting the 1995 source awards. Oh, and did I mention Lamar's back? You already know. That means trouble. The rest of the Flannery family is also feeling the pressure. Charles and Lucille are facing the consequences of Meech and Terry's actions. And Nicole is caught in the middle dealing with her own growing pains. This season brings more drama, more heat, and more star power. Get ready for guest stars like Kofi Rebo, Skye Jackson, Tyler Lepley, Clifton Powell, Rockman Dunbar, sweetie Miles, Truitt and more. The cast is stacked in the storylines Next level. BMF is where drama hustle and hip hop collide. And this season, the stakes are higher than ever. Believe me, this is the season everyone's going to be talking about. Don't miss the explosive season premiere June 6th, only on Stars and The Stars app.


The first two years of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats you can't escape. And your world cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's the good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your


car. The all new Nissan Mura is your piece on wheels. Thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing misogynist seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take you in the skyline views that let the sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bolds premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with a 64 colored personalized light option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Ronaldo be your O ACEs in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive a all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features


If you own a home. Here's an interesting fact for you today. American homeowners are sitting on a record amount of home equity. That's the part of your home you own Outright. Rocket Mortgage can help you turn that home equity into cash and that can help you fund a home renovation, pay for your kids' college tuition or pay off consolidated high interest debt. To learn more, just call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com today. Rocket Mortgage, LLC license in 50 states, NMLS consumer access.org number 30 30


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting that rental card that you requested or your way to turn it out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah. Don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing's guaranteed at t is breaking something new to the table at t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you want to know more about the att guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. ATT connected changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att dot cov slash ged for details.


Fit in, do what you do. Why do the people, why do people come to see you? I don't care who's funny and how funny they are. You might not be as funny, do you? You know, God got you brought you here for a reason. God like these last two years have been the toughest two years of my life. I wrote my son's name and birthdate on the wrist of my arm before I went on stage because my son was a comedian, you know, and my son is on the special. So after I say goodnight or whatever and the credits rolling, you can see a clip Yep. Of me and my me and Brandon on stage. Yeah. And Brandon's standing there performing. He, you know, it shows about five minutes of his performance, you know, split screen with the credits on the other side.


So what a great way to Yeah. To honor your son. Honor. That's dope. You know, with, with us on stage together, like we was, I had him on stage when he was seven years old telling jokes. Mm. And so I would take him on tour, have toys in the dressing room or whatever. I raised all my kids in the, they could tell you what every dressing room looked like. Yeah. So it was a, a blessing to do that. Mm. Yeah. We're still kicking him with Rickey Smiley. His new comedy special is out on Hulu right now. Charlamagne, You've always spoke about feeling, feeling Brandon's presence during performances. So, so how does that spiritual connection manifest on stage for you? It almost like you doing it for him. You know, you know you doing it for your son now my son or whatever, he had his favorite comedians, you know, you know, you know your kids always wanna grow up, try to be different from you.


I don't want to be like you. My son loved Eddie Griffin. My son loved Roy Wood Jr. And stuff. And I, you know, he just had the different comedians that he liked or whatever, you know. So he had a whole different style of doing comedy. His comedy was more, you know, kind of like thoughtful, a mix between Roy Wood Jr. And Lil Rel. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? That was, that was his whole style. He had a lot more, he was a lot more intelligent on stage. So he didn't know a lot of the older comedians. He just, yeah. Yeah. He knew him had his picks, but he just had his had his own style, you know, of, of performing whatever. I enjoyed him. I, I miss him. But these last two years was really, really tough. I don't wish that on nobody.


Yeah. I don't wish that on my worst enemy. It is. It's horrible. You know. So shout out to all the mothers, all the parents out there that had to bury your child and lost child. Keep your kids in sports. Keep them in athletics. The discipline and the structure matter. We got to learn to give kids more of what we had as opposed to what we did not have. Right. That's what's ruining kids. Well, if you like who you are, then give the kids what you had. I just wish everybody the best in our hope. All of y'all kids are safe graduate college. Absolutely. And go on to be productive people because I agree with all of that. But I will say some of these kids need a little bit more than going to the water fountain if you dealing with some issues. If you dealing So you really dealing.


Yeah man. Oh yeah. If you dealing with some type of like mental health issues or emotion issues, you need more than the water fountain. Ricky. Yeah. Yeah. They didn't have medicine for a DH adhd. Oh hell no. When we was growing up it was go to the water fountain, you know what I'm saying? Send me in a classroom with those lights like that going all the way across or whatever. Just back before you start exchanging classes. You was in one. You remember that elementary school being in one class? I don't even know if they got that number. I keep wondering, do they still got the trailers in the back? Nope. Hey, stop the trailers stop. What was one of those classes was in? Theas failed at I for second. For second. He was in truck. He was on that short bus too for a second too. Because I don't know if they still got the short bus.


Do they? I don't even see him no more. Nah, they put 'em on the bus with the regular kids. And I know back then they, they go to lunch at nine 30. Yeah. They eat before everybody. Yeah. They go lunch at nine 30 'cause they get out at 12 mm. And I, I had history class first period And I could hear, hear them running down the hall. Yeah. At nine 30 when that little nine there'd be a short bell, like dream, dream or whatever. Not a long bell. What you mean? You could hear 'em like bring bra. You could hear 'em because of the, it was like clicking the noises. The the, you know, back then they wore the shoes with the, you know, with the steel on the side. Yeah. Or whatever. Not all of 'em. Not all of 'em. Just some of 'em. And some of 'em were run real fast or whatever. And I would sit there and just crack the hell up. What do you used to sound like? Oh boy. Lunch, lunch, lunch, lunch. Running down the hall or whatever.


You gonna hell with you? Smile. You going hell, you going, you gonna, but but we want, we wanna bring love back. Yeah. It's, it's, we going together on the show book. It's yeah. We all, we are all going to hell. That's fine. And it's time for us to bring and, and just, I bought you a gift. This is something for, for just, this is for Jess but it's also a Charlemagne is going to hell production. Dang. Make sure y'all watch my special on Hulu. Are you ready? Dj? You ready? Here you go. Hit the music. Music verse. Oh Lord. Is it a mid cripple? Yeah. Brandon.


Hey check the move out the way. Oh we this. Go ahead Chris. Wow. You know Jeff, lover Chris Now Jeff. His name Chris. My guy Chris make sure he pay you now, did he pay you? I hope he gave you a down payment now, before you got up here. I know you, I know you was Sowell. Huh? I know you Sowell. Yes sir. That's Charlemagne Io. You know who? Ricky And you know who that is? Yo. Mano. Who? Female rapper. Rapper. That's just hilarious. I know. He's, I, I know. Nice. Alright.


Do you know him? Yo Anno? Who that is? Dj? I'm my buddy. Right though. That's my dj. That's my buddy. Oh. He his. But right there. That's my butter. He ain't say that Chris don't get down. He watch y'all. He watch y'all every day. We appreciate you. Yeah. So we had to give you a look, you know, to have the Sade. Thank you so much. Thank you. Appreciate you Chris. Yeah, Chris, we appreciate you. Make sure you pay you man. What? Hold on, hold on. Sit. How quick? Yeah, I'm actually, I'ma get a song from my brother. You got a Song? Yeah. What is It from my brother? What's, Thank it. What's the song? Yeah, YouTube. The Go YouTube. Oh, you got, you got a song. You can't do it acapella.


It's on YouTube. I yo, I ain't paying man. Where is it? What is it? It's on What Is On The Women. This is my brother. Oh, that's the name of the song? Yeah. Oh, we got it. Oh shit. Come here to play. Chris Said, I ain't coming on his radio for nothing, Rick. It's a game. This is Chris said joke on you Ricky. I'm about to get my song off him. Hold on, I'll tell you y'all time. So yeah, real quick. My uncle, my uncle Marriage. Yes sir. My uncle. He gone persevere. Right. And he'll persevere. Rest in peace. He, he said to me though, he said that Free Chris I be a rapper. Yes sir. Your life, right?


Yeah. He paid, he passed to me. Yeah. When we doing it around song. Yeah. For my brother. Yeah. No, find the song for my brother. Then I last I let Go Rabbit Big Brother.


You hear Big Chris. Hey get him.


There you have the ladies and gentlemen, Big Chris Rickey Smiley. The new special foolish is streaming now on. Yes. The start of the show. Big Chris, Christine, I love you Ricky. Tell him where to follow you on social media, Chris. Yeah, I got It. Okay. Okay. Find me on, on H Ground YouTube A tour. Ascribe me YouTube. Big Chris. Big Chris Meal baby. Big Chris Christmas. Big Christmas. Big Christmas. Thank y'all brother. Watch Luther. It's The Breakfast Club.


Come, come back when you are here. All right, well let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight fast off. She gets from somebody that knows somebody well she gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on this, the the latest with Lauren la Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well it's the latest on The Breakfast Club. Talk, talk to me. So over the weekend it was revealed that Rihanna's dad, Ronald Fenty actually passed away at age 70 in la. So I wanted to send her and her family man. Yeah. Some love and you know, healing. And I know her and her dad.


'cause when people reported this, people were confused as if they didn't know that Rihanna had a relationship with her dad. Her and her dad had had their issues, but they had recently reconciled. And he was actually, I just saw an interview from him a couple months ago where he was talking about being excited for her new baby and all the things. Yeah. That's Still her dad regardless. Yeah. Yeah. But I think with celebrities, if you don't see the, the parent next to the celebrity, every single time you see the celebrity people like to make it seem like it. I don't know. Like it's not a thing. It is still her dad regardless. But for some reason people look at celebrities in their relationships a bit differently. I'm gonna Send condolences regardless. Yeah. If that was her dad or not, but that's okay because you said it. Yes. And, and so her, there was a photo of her brother arriving to the hospital in la and TMZ actually broke the photo of that story following the passing of Rihanna's dad and said that Rihanna was in the car arriving with her brother to the hospital.


But she's not visible in the photo. But yeah, he he was suffering, battling some sort of illness. So just in some love. Absolutely during time, Her family. Her and her family. Absolutely. Yes. Now Tray Chaney from the Wire, you know, they were all up there. Tray Chaney for sure. Yes. So he actually over the, he revealed something over the weekend that he lost everything in a tornado that hit his home in Atlanta. Horrible. Damn. Which also sent his son to the ICU. Let's take a listen to Trey Tray. Chaney, I just got out the hospital. I'm getting ready to go see my son at ICU 3:00 PM today. A tornado came through Henry County, locust Grove, Atlanta. I lost my house. I lost everything in it.


Thank God I'm still living. I survived a tornado. My son, he, he survived. I'm doing the video to let y'all know right now, man. Church life, cherish life as much as you can. Me and my son had a beautiful day today. Big ticket show. We was with Snoop from the Wild, we was chilling. And three o'clock today, a split second, my house is gone. I just got out the hospital. Thank you Jehovah God, man. For, for, for spare my life today that I survived the tornado. Shout out to all my neighbors in my neighborhood who, who ran to my rescue. My son was throwing 300 feet out of his room. I was sitting on my bed And I felt, I heard the wind And I felt everything and everything gone Man.


When I tell you I prayed for Tray Chaney and his family this weekend after I saw that story because literally just like that, no tornado warning, no nothing. You just sitting in your house, your son's playing video games. Tornado comes through, next thing you know you're watching your whole house collapse on top of you. Yes. And then you look around and you're trying to find your son, trying to find your, he 300 feet away in the woods now his son in the ICU and his son at a, his son's born day was yesterday, 19 years old. Yes. Celebrated his 19th birthday in the ICU. It's crazy. Now. His son, I have a, a photo of this is from the video that Trey posted where you can see there's literally nothing left of his home. Now Trey Trey's son Malachi did celebrate his 19th birthday in the ICU. That was actually his fourth day in the ICU and Trey.


Trey mentioned that Malachi has several broken ribs, broken bones in his face and that Trey and his wife are currently staying with friends and family in between shelters and hotels. Now let's take a listen 'cause he did give an update on his son Malachi's Health. Just wanted to update The World on a few things. Me and my wife, Aisha Cheney, our son Malachi Cheney, he is stable. It's definitely very slow progress. But he's living and he's breathing. It's gonna be a long journey. A long road to recovery from Mala Cheney, me and his mother Aisha, we have him covered the whole world has him covered. Thank y'all for y'all prayers. Thank y'all for y'all donations. Let me be clear, it's only one GoFundMe account as well.


And it's under Maria Knot. So it's only one GoFundMe account. Mentally I'll be messed up forever. When my wife drove up And I was on the ground and my son was 300 feet, got thrown 300 feet in the back of the house watching my wife collapse on the ground from seeing that horrific picture that's going around this room could stay forever. Lemme tell you something else too, man. The way that he has shown unwavering faith in God through all of this is so impressive because a lot of times we love to praise God when things are going good, but you know, you should be giving God the glory all the time, even when things are so-called bad. And he is absolutely positively doing that.


Yeah, absolutely. So, so if you're looking for his GoFund me, it's go to his Instagram Tray, Chaney vision, T-R-A-Y-C-H-A-N-E-Y Vision, V-I-S-I-O. And and yeah man, if you feel it in your heart, you know the the donate a little something to 'em, do it if not prayers free. Absolutely. Yes. Yep. And they're currently, they're trying to hit a hundred K goal. They're at a little bit over $89,000 and make sure it is the one by Maria Knot that he mentioned. And that Happened Friday, right? It happened May 29th. May 29th. That Was Thur Wednesday or Thursday actually. 'cause Friday was the 31st. Yep. Last week. Yeah, that happened Thursday, May 29th. Thursday. Yep. And he's been documenting also too, if you go to his Instagram, he's been keeping you updated daily on his son and how his son is doing and how they're doing as well.


So, But things can change just like that. Like literally because you know, I follow him on Instagram. So literally that morning he was at Big Tigga show. Yeah. And then you go home and you just kicking it with your son, your son's upstairs and all of a sudden boom. Just like that. Just like that. You know what's crazy? When, when, 'cause I didn't see it until you, you sent it to me after you sent it to me. I saw then CNN also picked it up. I saw people how good, like people begin to, it's feel good. Yeah. They, it's awareness and they need the help. They, they're just this, literally the money that they're raising is gonna help them like rebuild their lives, but also too, like they need to stay somewhere right now. And they, they have nothing. That's Why I sent it to you. I sent it to you And I said amplify it. Yeah. I thought it was crazy. Soon as, Yeah, I thought it was crazy that it took people so long to kind of catch it and see it. But I'm happy that people are saying it now either way. And I'm happy that they're here.


Absolutely. In other news, MVU asked me about court today, who's gonna be in court with Z So they're actually gonna be finishing up the cross-examination with Mia, who's a former personal assistant. Brian still has been on Cross, that's young thug's attorney. And he has been doing, you know, he's been trying to do everything he can to make Mia's testimony not be credible by bringing up things like Instagram posts of her like enjoying her life while working, you know, formerly with Diddy and birthday posts and things of that nature. So they're gonna finish that today. And then there will be a media personality, radio person and podcast personality. Enrique Santos, who I'm a little bit confused about why he's taking a stand. Enrique, you know him. What? What you mean? Do we know him? Enrique and Glac.


Big Heart Ma. I didn't know that. Can you call him to Ask him? Stop playing. For real. I Didn't know. I didn't know him. I literally been Googling. Why is he taking the stand? Man, stop playing with me. I swear to is a huge jock. Lee does Latin, Latin music. He's on Latin. All the Latin had no idea. Like he's A Bunch of them. He's taking the stand. So, Man, that just show me. You gotta show me that that might not be the right one. Maybe this, lemme See a picture. Okay, so next witness is en Enrique Santos. And then Eddie Garcia, like, he Don't laugh man. Man, Enrique, what my dream what? And I googled, why is Enrique Santos testifying in the did case? And it says Enrique Santos, a radio open podcast. Here, Take it. Oh yeah, he, he's at iHeart.


Lemme see. They got his picture. No, no, no. They no picture. No. He say he's an artist. No, he's a, he's an iHeart radio morning personality. I asked why is he the biggest comes to Latin. Yes. The biggest, when it comes to Latin, I'm, I don't know. But anyway, so that Gimme a live scream day. You see what I see, right? Yeah. What according to inner city president today. Yes. What is going On? Everything I'm Googling What is going on? What are y'all, Enrique, what did you see at a dance party? What is going on? Yes, Jess. What, what, what? Well, there there's also, I don't even like to be nosy, but I got the K bought.


What is going on? Is he gay? Who? Enrique. Yeah. Emini here. Yeah. Mind business. It don't mind my business. This What? This is what we holding gay back. I don it's pride. Like come on. Yo, what's up? I look, I just wanna know, is he gay? Yeah. Partner Case. What, what does that have to do with anybody? It Plays a big part in the case. No, It don't. The case, I don't even know why he's testifying. They didn't say he was at a did he party? Did He I have, I just said I'm not clear why on he, why he's testifying. I've asked, I've asked people close to the Attorneys. Sure. That Enrique is that I, I Google says that it is InnerCity Press says Enrique, us, Enrique, Santos, like I am very confused here. So, and then after him will be a man named Eddie Garcia.


Who? Eddie Who? That's not Al Eddie. Right? Eddie Garcia or Eddie from Philly. And I had no envy getting called. It is only a matter of type they calling Enrique. I had no envy getting, come on, You have mercy. I was never there, sir. I never participated, never went dj. You was a rock boy. I wasn't a rock boy for a short period of time. I had the audio of Trump talking about Pardoning did. But y'all didn't spend so much time on We can play, play, play. Because somebody asked Trump if he was gonna Pardon? Did he recently over the weekend. Let's take a look. Listen Back. When you hosted the Apprentice, you mentioned once in 2012 that Diddy was a good friend of yours back then. He has since found himself in some very serious legal trouble.


Yeah, that's true. Would you ever consider pardoning him? I, well nobody's asked. You had to be the one to ask Peter, but nobody's asked. But first of all, I, I'd look at what's happening And I haven't been watching it too closely, although it's certainly getting a lot of coverage. I haven't seen him, I haven't spoken to him in years. He used to really like me a lot. But I think when I ran for politics, he sort of, that relationship busted up from what I read. I don't know. He didn't tell me that. But I'd read some little bit nasty statements and the paper all of a sudden, you know? So I don't know. I would certainly look at the facts. If I think somebody was mistreated, whether they like me or don't like me, it wouldn't have any impact on me.


Yeah. So Emini here, And I I also asked, was there gonna be any response from Diddy's attorneys or anybody just in response to Trump saying he would even take a look and no, 50 cents said 50 50 gave a response. 50 cents response. Yo 50 said he's calling Trump and he's not having it. Okay. He said, Didier said a lot of dispersing things about Donald Trump and 50 said he's not having it now he 50 dove right in. Damn. Yeah, He also said, he said, I I didn't say I was gonna nuke anything. This what 50 cents said. I simply said, I will make sure Trump is aware of the things that Diddy said. So 50 Crazy. Yeah, I, I'm gonna, now I wanna know more about the en Enrique Santos. I can't think of nothing else. And this Nigga told me about my business. Like he not out like he, he not out. He the first openly gay broadcaster in Spanish radio.


Yes. It's gonna be interesting. No, I didn't say that because of that. I said that because what that gotta do with him testify? No, it don't matter. I Asked the question, that's why you need to stop. Listen to this crazy boy over here. Radio. We're on the radio like mind my business that that was not, that information was not, we never question why is it? No you didn't. You told her that I didn't. Yes you did. I didn't tell her nothing. Well listen, we'll talk after. Okay. That's it. All right, well that was the latest with Lauren Donkey today. Who you giving your donkey To man? Four after the hour, we need a man named Christian Anguiano to come to the front of the congregation. Would we like to have a word with him please? All right, We'll get to that Nexus, The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are chicken out The Breakfast Club.


I was born a donkey. It's The donkey of the devil. That's fun. Charle the Devil. Possibly The Breakfast Club. Yes. Donia. Today for Monday, June 2nd goes to a Modesto, California man named Christian Aro. Solorio Anguiano. I don't think I pronounced any of that right. Okay. That is a name that ice agents would have at the top of their list just in case they would monitor a name like that. You know, and honestly with a name like that, he might get sent to El Salvador because he was arrested for sexual battery, burglary, stalking, and assault with the intent to commit a felony.


All those charges will get you deported in Trump's America, especially with a name like that. And it don't even matter if you are an American citizen, okay? They gonna put you on that deportation flight to El Salvador. But what exactly did Christian Alondro Solorio Anguiano do? Let's go to CBS News three report please. Got A strange one for you tonight. Adam Modesto, the STAs Law County Sheriff, says they've arrested a man last week after he allegedly broke into a woman's home at night, then bit and licked her toes while she slept. Let's give you some context. The Sheriff's office says the man arrested, seen here, 27-year-old Christian anguiano have been stalking the woman for months following her home from work several times, despite a number of people confronting him.


Deputies saying he just wouldn't stop, would even sleep in the car outside her home. Woman's O is okay. Anguiano though, suspects being held on a $325,000 bail. He broke into our house just so he could treat her feet like a churro, cinnamon swirl, full tongue action. Sweet, sticky, slightly confusing. Okay? L toe liquor, supremeo toe sucking king of the dance floor. How you break into someone's house, which says on for their feet. This man is a telling no, well, a villain. Okay, first of all, what's the point of stalking? At what point does a man understand this woman don't want you? And what part of your brain makes you believe that breaking into this woman's house and sexually assaulting her toes was gonna make her like you? Okay, I don't know why it got this far.


This man was following this woman home after her shifts, sleeping in his car, outside her residence, checking her doors to see if there are unlocked the gate entry. If he was doing all of that, he should have been on ICE's radar a long time ago. Okay? Somebody should have been put him in handcuffs. This man was confronted by her coworkers to leave her alone, but none of that stopped him. Okay? The lesson to be learned here is that this incident underscores the importance of taking stalking behavior seriously. And we got to implement stronger protective measures for victims. And by stronger measures, we got to let people get they ass kicked. Okay? That's what Emini here by stronger measures, there has to be some sort of community policing that can happen the same way it's citizens arrest.


We have to make it okay in certain situations for citizens to put their foot up other citizens' asses. Okay? Coworkers went to him and told him to cut it out. He was sleeping outside that woman's home. He was checking for unlocked doors at her residence. All of that should equate to a community jumping. Okay? Now if that's too extreme for folks, then we gotta enhance legal protections. All right? You gotta have strong laws against stalking and ensure swift actions when victims report they are being stalked. You gotta use stories like this to increase public awareness. We have to educate the public about the signs of stalking and the importance of reporting suspicious activities. And most importantly, we got to support the victims, okay? Provide resources and support systems for people who feel threatened.


You can't wait until somebody breaks into somebody's house and turns their toes into, into tamales to care. Okay? So please give Christian Anguiano the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons. Oh, You're the donkey of the day. You're the donkey of the day, he All. Well, thank you for that Donkey of the Day. Yes indeed. Now When we come back, Dr. Rita Walker will be joining us. It's the 50th anniversary of her book, the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health. You know, I gift that book to everybody.


I tell everyone that is one of the most culturally, she's one of the most culturally competent mental health professionals out here today. And that book is one of the most,


If you are not watching BMF on Stars, you're seriously missing out from executive producer Curtis 50 cent Jackson, the highly anticipated news season is coming and Meech and Terry are leveling up. They're expanding their empire, launching a music label and making major moves in hip hop culture. Even hitting the 1995 source awards. Oh, and did I mention Lamar's back? You already know that means trouble. The rest of the Flury family is also feeling the pressure. Charles and Lucille are facing the consequences of Meech and Terry's actions. And Nicole is caught in the middle dealing with her own growing pains. This season brings more drama, more heat, and more star power. Get ready for guest stars like Kofi Rebo, Skye Jackson, Tyler Lepley, Clifton Powell, Rockman Dunbar, sweetie Miles, Truett and more. The cast is stacked in the storylines. Next level, BMF is where drama hustle and hip hop collide. And this season the stakes are higher than ever. Believe me, this is the season everyone's going to be talking about. Don't miss the explosive season premiere June 6th, only on Stars and The Stars app.


The first two years of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your world cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's the good news, you don't have to bring that stress into your


car. The all new Nissan M is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing massager seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let the sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bolds premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus, with the 64 colored personalized light option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic, chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive an all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features


If you own a home. Here's an interesting fact for you today. American homeowners are sitting on a record amount of home equity. That's the part of your home you own Outright. Rocket Mortgage can help you turn that home equity into cash and that can help you fund a home renovation, pay for your kids' college tuition or pay off consolidated high interest debt. To learn more, just call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com today. Rocket Mortgage, LLC licensed in 50 states. NMLS consumer access.org Number 30 30


Piece to the planet Charlemagne. Tha God here, look, we all make mistakes, but owning up to them is the right thing to do. You know, degree, cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with their fans degree's. Whole thing is it turns up the sweat and order protection when you turn up the effort. And good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti pressman for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try to OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Culturally competent mental health books on the market. So can't wait to talk to Dr. Rita Walker. Yep. We're gonna talk to a Nexus, The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJNV, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the Building. Yes indeed. We have Dr. Rita Walker. Welcome back. Good, Thank you. It's great to be here with You all. Great to have you. Dr. Rita Walker is the author of one of my favorite books ever. The Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health. I commend it to everybody. And you are celebrating the fifth anniversary of the release of the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health. Jesus Christ, time Don't be Playing. Boy. Yeah, Emini here. Five years, God is good and, And I never would've expected that the book would have had the impact that has had, you know, meeting you, you know, being able to talk to you all the folks who have, you know, come to me and said the book has changed their life.


You know, did they buy the book for their family members and for friends they have book club meetings. It's just, you know, it's, it's, it's been a blessing. I Remember when I read it, Debbie Brown, our, our, our good sister Debbie Brown, she, she, she gave me the manuscript And I read it on vacation And I remember reading it and saying to myself, where has this book been all of our lives? Well, it's been, you know, it's been a process. So I, I earned my PhD more than 20 years ago. And, you know, working on trying to understand specifically for black people, you know, our experiences and trying to integrate that into the larger landscape of mental health that you all know has exploded. You know, trying to merge what I know as a black woman and I'm a first generation college student, my parents didn't go to college.


And merging my reality with what I was learning and the research that I was engaged in and trying to train PhD, clinical psychology students, you know, that's, it took time. So it took a little time for me to get here, but I'm here. Yeah, I noticed that it's not just about mental health, it's specifically for black mental health. Why is it important to be unapologetic about who this book is for? I'm so glad that you asked that because as you all know, oftentimes, you know, black people get lumped in with minorities. One of the labels that we use in academia is, is Bipoc so black. And we include folks with indigenous people of color. But we know that black people have a very specific and unique way of just living life, of doing things.


We've learned mental health from the generations before us and in ways that weren't always helpful. You know, we learned not to talk about our feelings and emotions like we learned that, like what we learned impacted who we are. While at the same time dealing with racism, dealing with microaggressions, you know, folks saying, you know, pull yourself up by the bootstraps and we don't even have boots. You know, that is a reality for us and we need to be able to talk about that. And that's part of what makes the book unapologetic is that I said, yeah, we are not talking about everybody. We are just talking about black people. Yeah. Now that's not that it hasn't helped other folks. And I've had people from many communities, you know, gay, straight, black, Asian, we've all, people from many different communities have said that the book has helped them, which is fine, you know, great, get what you need from the book.


But I wrote it for us. How do you handle black people who still think therapy is just white people? Well, I say, you know, God bless you. And then I talk to them about things that in, in their language. And I think that's part of what made the book resonate absolutely. Is talking to folks in ways that make sense to us. And that's one of the reasons it had to be for us, because we talk a certain way. And I use that in the book. And so, you know, I ask folks about their worry, I ask folks about problem sleeping like in the black community, we have a lot of problems with sleep and don't even, we normalize it. And so I talk about the day-to-day kinds of things that people experience, but have normalized and then they say, Hmm, and then we can start to have a conversation from there.


I gotta, you gotta meet folks where they are. Yeah. Like, and that's, that's one of, I introduced the idea of psychological fortitude in the book because we say mental health, as you all know folks start thinking, oh, someone's crazy. They hearing and seeing things that aren't there. Okay, let's just move by that. Let's, let's, let's keep it moving. Let's figure out how I can help people with a different kind of language. I Wanted to ask to what are some of the myths that our community still have with therapy, right? We had an artist, his name is Rob, four nine. You heard of him? What the hell? He, okay, don't worry about it. But he was saying basically that he feels like he needs therapy, but he doesn't necessarily want to go because he can't, he doesn't see himself talking to them people. He don't trust him. You know, he doesn't trust him. So what are some of the, the myths that you still see?


Well that's certainly one of them. They gonna tell all my business and that's important. We, you know, you can't have folks, you can't have your business in the street. Like that's something that, that is unacceptable in our community. And so for that person, and, And I encounter a lot of those folks who are struggling, you see it, you know, we see it. But if they're not ready, then you can't force them to go and talk to someone. That's, that's one part. And I, I, there's so many folks, you know, and that's why we have to be nonjudgmental because if we say like, this is what I see, just want you to know I'm concerned and then back off, then they know who they can go and talk to. Like this person express concern. They seem concerned about me, I will go to them. But yes, those big myths that are, those people are gonna tell on my business.


That's one part. The other part is what can they tell me? They're not gonna be able to tell me. They don't, they don't even know me. But that's part of the process is getting to know the client. There isn't a single person who was sitting in front of me that I would say, I know their life story. I know how to help them. I'm gonna start with questions. I got questions first. And then the other part is, you know, something I think that is they're gonna make me someone that I'm not And I need to maintain myself. Like, I don't know a professional who has the power to be able to magically make someone different. The goal would be to make them a better functioning person, you know, to take on their responsibilities and do the best that they can, but not to make them a different person. I do have a question.


What is a therapist allowed to talk about? Right? So if I see a murder, if I murder somebody, if I see domestic violence, if I see somebody getting hurt, it always brings me back to the Mendes brothers, right? Where they were talking to the therapist and the therapist use some of that stuff on the court case. So when you see stuff like that and something is going through my mind, I'm like, I ain't gonna tell nobody because what if they use it later? But then I might have to tell somebody to heal. So what can you guys tell and what, you know, what is just, you know, patient crimes privilege. Yes, you gotta go to prison for us, you killed somebody like crimes the prison. No, but you know, you can heal the prison. But I'm sure there's people that have seen crimes, have done crimes and they're going through things like, I'll just use Route four nine again.


He said that he's seen so many things in his past. He's seen death so much in his past, but he might not wanna tell because he might well not, not wanna get somebody in trouble. Well in that example he can say, I've seen deaths Take it out Route four nine just in case take it out. Okay. So anyone can say they've seen something without giving, you know, facts or specifics and not expect for the police to come in and haul them off. But what I will say is, so we talk in the first session about confidentiality. Like confidentiality is part of the bedrock of what we do as licensed professionals. Like you can't just go out and yap about what people have been sharing or what they've disclosed in therapy. Now the other thing that we emphasize is if someone says that they could be a harm to themselves or a danger to themselves or to someone else, then that information might have to be disclosed in order to be able to protect that person's life or to protect the life of someone else.


If they are, if there's a danger of abuse of children, elderly or people who have disabilities or different abilities, then that would have to be disclosed. And, and to be honest, it varies by state. But that's, you know, kind of a minimum threshold to be aware of because at the end of the day, the client has to be able to talk to their their therapist because there aren't gonna be able to get the healing and the help that they need if they can't get some stuff off of their chest. But then once they do that, then there has to be some understanding about what's gonna happen next. I'm Still kicking it with Dr. Rita Walker. It's the five year anniversary of the Unapologetic guy to Black Mental Health Charlamagne. We, we, we got a, a good friend, a good friend of mine, his name is Humble, the poet. He put out a book called Unanxious 50 Simple Truths to Help Overthinkers feel Less Stress and more Calm.


And I wanna read a a just a quick little line from it because I want to know what you think about it. He says, life doesn't begin after the obstacles. Life is the obstacles. And we have to unlearn the idea that we need or would even want a life free of chaos, stress, and anxiety. We grow from facing challenges and exploring our limits. And, and the book encourages people to face their stressors and triggers head on with research backed techniques and journal prompts. And we had a discussion here on Breakfast Club. 'cause I'm like, if I know something triggers me, I I reserve the right to disconnect from it and set my boundary and not deal with that thing. He feels like you should sit with the thing so the thing doesn't trigger you anymore.


Well I think you know how I feel about the word should. So I, I avoid it at all costs. And so if there is something in you that says, in this moment I need to avoid this thing, I'm going to honor that word. But I'm also going to ask you questions about what is happening for you. What are you telling yourself? So I'm a cognitive behavioral therapist. And so for me, you know, thoughts connect with behaviors, connect with feelings. So it all starts with yes, something happened, but what is your thought in response to the thing? So is your thought in that moment, I can't deal with this. This is gonna hurt me, this is gonna harm me. I can't survive this. Because it happens, it plays out automatically before folks recognize.


And so we have to slow down the process. Okay, tell me the facts, tell me what happened. I wanna know what's going on for you. 'cause I don't assume anything about anybody. See I was like, when he was there I was like, f that adapt. Right? And I explained to you, if I don't like you because you're a negative person, you're always putting me down And I just don't feel good energy around you. You don't affect me in any which way. So I can cut you off and say, you know what, I'm not answering your phone anymore. I don't work with you. I don't have to see you. And I should, that should be my right to do that because my energy is more important in this friendship. I don't have to sit in there, I don't have to adapt. I don't care if you like me or not. But that's how we should be. I think a lot of times we try to adapt to things and we try to make things right And I think a lot of times it hurts more than help.


Yeah. You know, And I, I I I respect that a hundred percent. And I can say that there have been maybe the middle ground. 'cause you never know. You just, you never know If someone says something to you or they bring you a certain kind of energy and maybe you do have some relationship with the person that you're willing to consider and preserve, why not say to them, you know, when you do X, Y, and Z when you do that thing right there, when you do this, this is how I feel when that happens. Maybe they didn't know, you know, maybe they thought they were doing a good thing. And I think that's a, that allows us to be more in community because y'all, we, we need more and more community. I, I hear what you're saying, I used to try to, I used to try that and hams over there show me something different. Right. Short thicks.


I used to do that too. Like you try to adapt to people, you do things that sometimes you don't wanna do because you feel like it's the right thing to do. Right. And short hams over there with be like, no, I'm not gonna do it. 'cause that doesn't make me happy. It might make you happy for what you do. I work hard, but I wanna protect my peace. And I didn't understand it for a while. Right. Because short thinking just wouldn't go. He was like, I'm not doing it. You're not catching me. And I wouldn't get it. But then after a while I understood And I'm like, yeah, if this is gonna up my peace, if this is not gonna make me happy, I'm gonna, I'm gonna stage in my life where, you know, what f it. And I agree with short thickens That is that a little pet nickname for me? You see how you see, see how men can't even Just say my name? He, he can't even say my name. He gotta gimme a little cute nickname to be vulnerable.


Just to express himself. You know what Emini here that make you feel better? Yes. Okay. Thank you. Mental health floor. Thank you. My waffle colored negro. Thank you. That's my beige babe over there. That's Such a beautiful moment. Yes. Knock the Walk. I know. Look, so just last night, right? I could not go to sleep. I have problems sleeping. Like, And I noticed you said at the beginning of the interview, right? Where, but my thing is, I can't turn my mind off. That's the, that's the main thing. I don't know how to turn my brain off. I'm thinking about things I, I could be doing rather than getting sleep. I'm thinking about, damn, I forgot to do this today. It's not enough hours in a day, you know?


Then I got a nine month old, then I'm a wife and then I got, it's so much so when I'm laying down, I cannot silence my mind, my thoughts to go to sleep, ever. You can't ever silence your Most of the time. Not, not ever. Because weed will help me do that. Just being honest with you. Like, I will hit a blunt And I will laugh and then I'll be out for a minute. But that's really the only thing that helps me get good rest weed. So, you know, And I, I've heard you talk about your schedule. Yes. You know, and, you know, getting up and, And I think you said like four in the morning, but then you go to bed late at night. Yeah. And so, you know, so, so there's so many different layers to this because yes, you are doing a lot.


But one of the things that I heard you say just now was even when you're kind of sitting, you feel like you're supposed to be doing something. And so you're also telling yourself, I'm supposed to be doing something other than resting. Yeah. So that's, that's one thing for you to be mindful of. But then, you know, I think it's, especially in this day and age, it's easy to wake up or not to fall asleep because your mind is, is racing. I was telling my husband that this morning, I woke up at three o'clock And I started to think about this conversation and then I was thinking, okay, I can say this. I'll say that. And ooh and ooh. And it, And I, And I was like, okay, stop. And I know better, right? I have the tools and the resources And I was like, quit it. And then that didn't work. And I said, okay, we're gonna do 10 more minutes.


And then that didn't work. And I was like, okay, we have to start doing our progressive muscle relaxation in order to be able to calm down. So there are strategies, what's that? Progressive muscle relaxation. So for me, it's when I close my eyes and I'm breathing deeply And I tell myself that with each exhalation to release the tension. And I start with my forehead and eyebrows. 'cause I'm literally sometimes like this in bed Who is in bed tense. Like, yeah. And so I have to tell myself to release And I go every body, part, ears, nose. And then I allow my body to be able to relax into the moment because I'm, I'm literally not just thinking, but I'm feeling it in my body. And I have to be able to relax that.


The other thing that I recommend, And I put this in in the workbook. So I did the Unapologetic Guide And I have the Unapologetic workbook, is giving folks permission to, before you go to bed, like some people need to keep a notepad and a pen. Not the phone, but a notepad and a pen by the bed. So that when all of these thoughts come to mind, you write them down. You, you write them down before you get into bed. Like everything that comes to mind, okay? Write it down and then, okay, try that. If that, you know, you wake up, okay, write somewhere down. I didn't have a notepad last night. I was like, okay, we just going to bug this out. But be able to write down all the things that come to your mind to release it. Because otherwise you're gonna ruminate about it. And that rumination will absolutely keep you up for hours.


Hours As you know. Hours. Yeah. All absolutely. Well, Dr. Rita Walker, we appreciate you for joining us. Thank you. If you haven't got the book, pick up. The book now is to fit the anniversary of the release of the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health. You Much And the workbook, the work workbook that goes with it. The Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health. I, I, I tell everybody it is a must read. It's one of them books that you have to have in your household. This is the book that we all needed, you know, growing up. Like you know, when our parents didn't know how to talk to us about it or adults around us didn't know how to talk to us about mental health. This book right here laid it down quite flat. Yes. Yeah. Can I thank you so Much. Can I just add just two brief things of one, thank you so much to you because you know there have been a lot of people who said they got the book because of you didn't know anything about it. So I am beyond grateful to you Leard for getting the word out about the book.


And also folks can follow me. I'm most active on Instagram, dr rita walker.com. Maybe I can get 500 more followers to get me to 20,000 for my birthday. Birthday. What's your birthday? It's Saturday. Oh, Saturday. That's yes. Go follow Dr. Rita Walker. Right? Do you turn up? Happy birthday Dr. Walker. You turn up. I got, alright. Happy birthday World. No, it's Dr. Rita Walker. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Yes, The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lori Lauren a she gets them from somebody that knows somebody well she gets the details.


I'm the home girl that knows a little bit About everything and she be having the latest on Lord the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well it's the latest on The Breakfast Club. Talk to me Lord. Can we clarify Now Enrique Santos is not the same Enrique Santos that is going to be on the stand today in the Diddy trial. So CNN had put it in a article, they then have come back and retracted and they say correction an earlier version of this post gave the wrong affiliation for one of the witnesses. The prosecution expects to take the stand next week, which is where I believe Google AI grabbed the description of Enrique Santos and the reasoning of why he would be on the stand.


So when I asked Google why that's exactly, that is what happened in, Lord have mercy. I'm so sorry Enrique. That's exactly what Enrique just told me. He said CNN assumed it was him and reported that it was iHeartRadio, Enrique Santos. How does a organization as big as C Nnn make that mistake? I can understand how you can make that mistake because you're getting it from cnn, CNN, but how does a organization as big as CNN make that kind of mistake? That's A really big mistake to make. 'cause even me, I kept saying, I'm like, this doesn't make any sense. What's his connection? I still don't know the Ru Enrique Santos. I still dunno the connection and the court reporters that I followed, they just said the name. I reached out to a source close to the case trying to clarify who is Enrique Santos and why. And they were confused as well because they were seeing the conflicting reports as well.


And then the person told me when they asked for more information, it, they wouldn't give them more information. But that, that person knew of it was what was out here on Google already. That That actually could be a lawsuit for Enrique. Oh Yeah, a hundred Percent easily. 'cause you, you put that out there on CNN and now i, I got people threatening me saying, what you going to testify against Diddy Ford? That could be emotional distress, just like that. That is definitely lawsuit. Absolutely. Yo, we have to clear this up. I'm so sorry Enrique. I did not mean to disturb. What's up Enrique? What up Enrique? Well Now I know who Enrique Santos is and I'm gonna tune in. You gotta Say Luc, that means, sorry, in Spanish Los He's always up here. Yes, he he broadcast outta Miami. So salute to Enrique Santo. Well, yeah. So Enrique Santos, not the podcaster, iHeart guy Eddie Garcia who worked at security at the Intercontinental Hotel.


It's, it's expected to testify but it's gonna be under immunity. So he's gonna be doing a lot of like not speaking to certain things. So I'm, When I keep hearing this immunity thing, does that work for the defense? Because if you speak for immunity, you know, it's, it's kind of like okay, I could tell, but if I'm part of it, it doesn't really matter. Right. Which The defense has tried to, which hurts to the defense, has tried to bring up the whole immunity conversation to show reason why people are here and potentially could be saying whatever because basically they're being protected. I don know if that answers your question. Yep, yep it does. But they have tried to bring that up a couple times. A hotel custodian will also be testifying and a forensic video ex expert will also be testifying as well today. But that's exactly why I like to go to as, as strenuous as it is, I like to go there myself and figure these things out myself because Lord her mercy.


But anyway and other news, Zion Williamson is being accused of sexual assault. He is the basketball player he plays for the pelicans. Yep. He's being accused of sexual assault rape by a woman who is filed under Jane Doe. She says that she's a former ex-girlfriend of his and she alleges that he raped her twice, once in a home in Beverly Hills that he owned during COVID. And she alleges that this happened after she denied engaging in sex with him. She also says that, or alleges that he held her hands behind her back and then the sexual assault happened. And then afterwards she alleges that Zion took her phone and choked her and told her, allegedly that she was talking too much. And then a second claim happened after, or the second claim happened after he allegedly picked her up from a friend's house, threw her down to the ground and pinned her shoulders down so that she could not move.


And then she alleges that he violently raped her in multiple ways. This accuser is is seeking anywhere from 18 million to 50 $50 million according to ESPN and in a statement provided to the New York Post, Williamson has denied the allegations through his attorneys. So yeah, getting outta court real quick, just some happier news. Beyonce just broke a new record. The MetLife stadium tweeted out over the weekend. Congratulations to Beyonce on becoming the number one selling artist in the history of MetLife Stadium. Nice five amazing sold out shows on the Cowboy Carter tour semen to her place in our history. MetLife history books with 12 all time appearances and over 600,000 fans entertained.


So, you know, following the reports that there were issues with ticket sales and all those things. Beyonce is still out here making history. I was, I was watching that show and I'm like damn. How she ain't fall in the ring? Oh, Beyonce because it Was raining hard. Yes, that was Saturday. They Out there dancing They asshole. Did you see the video? Blue Ivy, she wipes down the, with the towel and then she gets Busy. Beyonce is such the man Emini here. Beyonce Boo Vy is such a manager. Like she just be in control of so much things. I don't know to be honest with y'all. I I would assume that they like redo their marketing their footing knowing that the rain is coming. But that's hard to do. Sometimes people cancel shows And what I wanna point out is Monique is reunited with her son. Yes. Everything seems to be okay and great over there, so, okay, so I I I wanted to point that out 'cause before I brought that up when they were beefing and all that on just with the mess up here.


So yeah, she is reacquainted with him. Everything looks good. He apologized to her on social media, you know 'cause they had that verbal spat back and forth online a couple months ago. So posted A picture too. Always good to see that. They're really happy in the picture too. Yep. I believe he, you say his name's Shalon Cha. I think that I believe Yeah. Shalon Jackson. Yeah. And the picture, they look really happy. So Yeah. So that's what's up March? Yeah, her news, her sweet baby is back. That's It. Yeah, that's it. That's all I got. Alright. That is the latest with Lauren. Now when we come back we got the People's Choice Mix. Get your request in. It's a Monday. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are checking out The Breakfast Club Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club And I just wanna salute to the brother out in Georgia.


Regal Doberman's. I bought two dogs, two Doberman pinches from him a couple of months ago and they just delivered it this weekend. And let me just tell you, I had to get up at four o'clock in the morning to feed him and one was a rock star pooped outside, peed the other one not so much. Damn. And it was either be late for work or my wife had to get up and, and and clean them up and everything. Oh God. My wife is so pissed off right now. She had to clean them, she had to bathe 'em. There was poop everywhere. That's exactly why my, my wife won't let me get a dog 'cause she feel like the responsibility's gonna end up on her. And That's what my wife said this morning. That's a lot. Yeah, it it is a lot. But the dogs, they're, they're puppy. So it's, it's What did you name them? Luna and Nova.


Luna and Nova. That's Dope Luna. And I don't Believe that you name them dogs. Puff and Daddy Tell the truth. Tell tell the truth. Luna tell the Truth. Big yo. Luna and Nova. Speaking of Puff and Daddy, it is Pride month. Damn. Yes. What it is Pride month. And I'm gonna do the same thing I did last year. I'm gonna honor a gay a day. But we have an intro this year. Y'all hit that red Wake up bitches. Today is Wake up Rainbow. Yay. Who you. And the first gay I am gonna honor is my sister Naya N More.


Right. So look, last year she wanted me to honor her, but I feel like she wasn't gay long enough yet. And you know, when you, when you become gay, you know, a little late sometimes people treat it as a trend. People treat it as like a phase. But you know, she was gay, you know, for like a year and a half now. And I'm like, alright, you deserve to be honored and I love you. I love you. She got a girlfriend look like Ray Sherman And I I love it. Yeah. God damn she look like Sweat Lee and Jimmy And Jimmy, you know, and, and And I I love my sister to death. So Happy, happy Pride month. Naya and her girlfriend. Kaya I love Yes. Naya and Kayah. I wanna salute Tank Shout to r and b Singer Tank.


This was his last show on Broadway yesterday for doing Hell's Kitchen. Yeah. So he did Hell's Kitchen. I brought my mom there who celebrated her 80th birthday. She got a chance to see Tank and, and Meat Tank. So it was Tank's last show. So salute the Tank. Emini here. If you didn't get a chance to see Tank, hopefully he'll come back. I saw 'cause he killed it in his Kitchen. Damn. So that means it's not on Broadway no more now. No Tank is not playing the part of Key's dad anymore on Broadway. Got it. But I'm sure they'll have another actor. But Tank definitely killed it. I think he was there what, two, three months? I Don't remember. I saw him, I saw, I went to go see Hell's Kitchen. It was a fantastic, fantastic. It well he plays, he played a, a deadbeat father named Darius. Darius, yeah. Yes. Alicia Keys is dad allegedly. Yeah. So It's not allegedly that was her dad. Oh, I just Wanna make sure Sometimes, sometimes it's like they in the play that sometimes It's not all actual is like, nah.


So I don I don't know. But yeah, he killed it though. He No, no, no. What do you mean what you, what you talking about? Well, sometimes when they do the plays they exaggerate certain things at times. So I don know. No, but in the Play tank play the Alicia Keys that daddy. Yeah. What You Protecting? Just protecting This happy world right Now. Yes. I want Darius to sue me. Emini Here call me a deadbeat. Nah, I don't think that's his real name. I don't know though. See? Hmm. Alright. See, see you man. Alright, well you got a positive note? I do. And my positive note comes from Marcus Aurelius. Okay. I love Marcus Aurelius. I like to read about stoicism. He says in your actions, don't procrastinate and your conversations don't confuse. And your thoughts don't wander in your soul.


Don't be passive or aggressive in your life. Don't be all about business. Have a good day Breakfast Club bitches. Y'all finished or y'all done?


If you are not watching BMF on Stars, you are seriously missing out from executive producer Curtis 50 cent Jackson. The new season is coming and Meech and Terry are leveling up. They're expanding their empire, launching a music label, and even hitting the 1995 source awards. Oh, and did I mention Lamar is back. BMF is where drama hustle and hip hop collide. The drama top tier, the stakes higher than ever. This is the season everyone's going to be talking about. Don't miss the season premiere June 6th only on Stars and The Stars app.


Okay. Have you heard about this?


Last year The Green changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old scent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush s sent back. Now it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. It's the reason it's the number one men's antiperspirant and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about.


Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool Rush for yourself


at t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity. You depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. T connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.