
This is an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing massy seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moon roof, ambient lighting, bows, and massaging. Leather pointed seats are optional features.


Tired of spills and stains on your sofa. Wash away your worries with Anna Bay. Anna Bay is the only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly prices. That's right. Sofas start at just $699. Enjoy a no risk experience with pet friendly stain resistant and changeable slip covers made with performance fabric. Experience cloud-like comfort with high resilience foam that's hypoallergenic and never needs fluffing. The sturdy steel frame ensures longevity and the modular pieces can be rearranged anytime. Shop washable sofas.com for up to 60% off Sitewide backed by a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not absolutely in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping or restocking fees every penny back Upgrade now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income census tracts also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do Wells Fargo Bank, NA member FDIC.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co. Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Good morning. USA. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo. Just hilarious. Good morning Charlemagne God. Peace To the planet. It is Tuesday. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and Holly Faed. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What's happening? I'm tired. BET Awards last night ended at what, 12:31 AM One o'clock. I ended up going to sleep though. Oh yeah? Hell yeah. I wanted to sleep way before that. Y'all stayed up for the Whole thing. Y'all didn't see Kirk Franklin? Hell no. I was trying to, 'cause I really, really love Kirk Franklin though. But I ain't the Lord Don't come when you that late. The Lord come. The Lord come on time. That's right. You Know what I'm saying? He don't come when you call, but he always comes on time and we Gotta be up.


Y'all see Snoop? Nope. Of Course. I Well, I did. I did. I ended up gonna sleep around like 12 something. Snoop Was dope. Snoop killed him last night. Yeah. Dr. Dre really did good presenting him his icon award. I thought that was really dope. Well, You, you think they were being a little petty to each other When, when, when Dr. Dre started throwing shot did this a little bit, Like didn't do act like this. And then he do. Yeah. And then Snoop's first thing out was, yeah, that's why Thank you for letting me write deep cover ng thing. Ghost writing For you. It was, it was definitely a little bit of shade, but I felt like they, they, they handled it well. Both of them handled it well. Dr. Dre looked good. I ain't seen him in a, in a while. He actually looked good And, and all that was in the prompter. So they knew that they was gonna say that. Yeah. For Real. Snoop.


You think Joe was reading Snoop? But don't think Snoop Snoop was Reading a lot of Snoop like freestyled a lot of this. Yeah. Snoop went off, went off the prompter at first, and then he went back to the prompter. So it was a good show. Emini here, Lauren is out there, so, we'll, we will ask Lauren if she has any details. I know she was backstage, but it was a great show. Salute to BET. Drop a bomb for BET. And I love to watch all the performances. I Like seeing everybody show up for the BET awards. Yeah. That's what I was more so I loved it. There was only like one time where they was like, oh, this person wasn't here. And that was sizzle. But then Sizzle ended up showing up later. Yeah. It was probably like she was late. It was probably running late. Everything, everything was running behind. But I thought it was really, really dope. And Lettuce usy. Lettuce Usy did so good. Her pipes, man, IS singing. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Like singing live.


I never heard her sing live. I'm like, damn. She had to low key the best performance of the night when it comes to like singing. Yeah. Yeah. Like what? I ain't gonna, she did what? Jennifer Hudson killed it. So Jennifer Hudson Killed it. She did. She killed it on the Jamie Foxx performance. Yeah. She, she did it. We was great. It was girls was a lot of icons. And they like me, like meshed in together, being honored in one night. I felt like Ryan Carey, Snoop Dogg, Jamie Foxx, Jamie Foxx, Kirk Franklins, man, They, they four big people that you tried to cram in one show that that's their, their tribute should have been a little longer. But Emini here have everybody, everybody showed up. It was, it was A lot of tributes. Like they had had a lot of icon award. Right. I'm not mad at that though. I'm not mad at the tributes Four on one night.


I feel like Jamie Foxx what saying could have been a little bit more drawn out. Like, this man's like, but when you see All the people that's, that was dead that they kept going to that got their flowers after they passed. I was, I was happy to see the tributes. 'cause those, everybody that got their, their tribute last night and their icon award deserved it. So it Was good to see. I get what're saying if you do just a little bit less, then you can do more longer performances. That's all. Like, you can still do the award. This maybe shorten it to three. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Because I think they did what, four? It was four. Four. They, four. Yeah. Four. So if You do four cut, cut, cut the filler, the rest of the stuff. Yeah. Yeah. And I was disappointed I didn't see my full 1 0 6 in park. So listen, I felt like we got jipped, man. We didn't see AJ wasn't there. I would've loved to see AJ in free, I would've loved to see TJ and Tenon Roxy and Just more I, And I saw them, but like, we saw little glimpses of them And I felt like it was just, it should have been more around 1 0 6 and park like they coulda had a cipher with, with battle raps.


They coulda had like, they could have showed some new music videos and then like, you know, I don't know. The Whole show should have been 1 0 6 and park. Yes. It should have been hosted. The whole show should have been formatted. Like one Oh, park the different eras of 1 0 6 and Puff. Yeah. Then, then AJ said he, he was on a flight. He couldn't make it. AJ you was on press tour. Y'all was on a press. You knew where you had to be. And my Baby Roxy. I know where Roxy was at. I talked to Roxy yesterday. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'll tell y'all later on. Okay. In the show. But yeah, I, I, it was all together. Overall. It was great. I loved Tyler Perry's speech. Yes. Tyler. Her speech was dope. Yep. I thought it was dope. Snoop's speech was dope too. Oh yeah. Hell yeah. Snoop's speech was really, really, Really dope. Mariah Carey looked good as hell. She did. Why? She always walked like that, like a feet hurt. Like she, she looked definitely medicated. She's a diva.


Yes. Absolutely. But I think she was the most down to earth that we've ever seen her last night. I honestly really did. I felt like she, she was Great. Okay. All right. We'll talk more during the show. If you see the BET awards now. Amanda Serrano will be joining us this morning. She is a boxer. She's a boxer champion in I think across seven division. Seven different weight classes. Yeah. Seven different weight classes. So we gonna talk to her only Female boxer that will achieved that feat. Yeah. So we gonna talk to her. She has a fight July 11th at Madison Square Garden. She's Puerto Rican. She's from Brooklyn. And we'll chop it up with her in a little bit. All right. Let's get the show cracking. We got front page news. Morgan will be joining us, so don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news.


What's up Morgan? Hey y'all. Hey. Happy Tuesday. How we feeling? Less black and highly favored. How are you? I'm doing well. I love to hear it. Okay y'all. So first on front, page 10, tensions continue to rise in Los Angeles, California. Following a fourth day of anti-ice demonstrations. Yesterday, another 2000 California National Guard troops have been tasked with keeping peace in Los Angeles, California. Governor Gavin Newsom says only 300 of the first 2000 have actually been deployed. He said the rest are sitting unused in federal buildings without orders. Also, about 700 Marines have since been activated to respond to civil unrest as well. In la, the Marines are also stationed in 29 Palms with a mission to protect federal buildings and agents who are being met with continued protests amid immigration raids.


Now, California Governor Gavin Newsom says President Trump should not be deploying Marines on American soil, calling it Un American. Meanwhile, president Trump believes residents of LA should be thanking him for sending the National Guard as his administration put it to keep the public safe. Let's take a listen to President Trump's comments. I think his primarily primary crime is running for governor 'cause he is done such a bad job. It's lucky for the people in Los Angeles and in California that we did what we did. We got it just in time. So yesterday a reporter asked Trump if, if borders are TOMS Holman would, should arrest California Governor Gavin Newsom over the anti ice demonstrations in la.


Now, Trump said he would if he were Tom, and he thinks that would be great. Now, Newsom responded to that, those comments saying that Trump's comments are a sign of authoritarianism. And he announced a lawsuit against the White House for federalized, the California National Guard, which I'll get into later. Trump is also dismissing the lawsuit saying he had no choice. Noting Cardi cars were burning and people were rioting. Now meanwhile, US Attorney General Pam Bondy, she says, federal, federal authorities will prosecute protesters who commit crimes. Now, pondi said the person who allegedly threw rocks at federal law enforcement vehicles during the protest has been identified. And authorities have conducted a search warrant on their home. She added a message for protestors who are anything less than peaceful.


Let's take a listen to us Attorney General, Pam Bondy. You can run, you can't hide. We are coming after you federally. If you assault a police officer, if you rob a store, if you loot, if you spit on a police officer, we're coming after you. Why they didn't have that same energy for the, the, the January 6th insurrectionists that assaulted law enforcement officers. And then, you know, you said something else, Morgan, you said they sent the national guards to keep the peace. Like do you send national guards to keep peace? I, I guess I'm just, I guess I'm just trying to figure out what is the National Guard doing that local law enforcement can't do? Like people throwing rocks and you send the National Guard. But I guess they're saying the local, the local departments can't do it because obviously they're still doing it.


They're still protesting, they're still throwing rocks and bricks and Yeah, they Was like up on a bridge and they had cars and they were like, well, they could have killed whoever was in them Cars. Local enforcement couldn't do it. It seemed like they didn't, could they not Emini here? Because that's what you sit in National Guard when local law enforcement is overwhelmed. Were they overwhelmed? So that is to be determined by local law enforcement and the governor. You know, that's something that the governor is supposed to decide. And that if federal agents or the, the Trump administration decides to bring in the National Guard or deploy the National Guard, then they would do so in tandem with local law enforcement. And that seems to not be the case right now. Local law enforcement is kind of like standing idly by not so much.


Yeah. They're not necessarily helping. They don't know. They, they don't have any orders in regards to this. This is just a federal takeover. Yeah, Because it, it, it is federal overreach. 'cause the governor's, the governor's supposed to say, Hey, we need the National Guard. Absolutely. Absolutely. But I, I think what what he was trying to do is, is make sure it doesn't get outta hand. Yeah. Make sure he, they stop it before it goes any further. 'cause the fact that there was, fair enough, there was no respect for law enforcement out there. Emini here, the way that they, like, they're throwing bricks at cars driving by and the way they're burning things down. There's no respect. And I think he's trying to jump in front, in front of it before it happened. 'cause you could tell they have no respect. I, I just don't, I don't know. There's no peaceful protest in, in a lot of those places. There's a lot of places where they are peaceful protesting. But there's a lot where it is, it is no respect For law. I think the National Guard escalates it to a different level.


That's it. I was gonna say to your point, yeah, that's what a lot of local authorities, including Los Angeles, Angeles, mayor Karen Bass is pretty much saying Charlamagne is that it doesn't help to bring in the National Guard. It actually escalates the situation. But we'll continue to talk about it in the seven o'clock hour because there's so much to cover regarding the situation. So stick around. Yeah. And on both sides. I I think they're being, it's just they're going too far. Yeah. I don't know if you wanna see that one video where the officer shot the, the actual a, the, the reporter, the rapper Billet. She was actually reporting like live, like I guess he's an Australian reporter or so from overseas. And she's reporting. She's sitting there and you see the police officer or whoever it was at the time, point his gun at her and shoot her.


It Was a crazy Live on Camera. But it was hilarious last night on the daily show when, when they added that little sound effect and it was like, bang. Oh God, I did not hilarious. Really hilarious. I felt so bad. And they showed it regular first, but then John Stewart was like, no, I know, I know when you had a sound effect to it. And they put that little bang on it. Oh, hilarious. Made Funny. Oh man, y'all are stupid. And she was screaming, ah, do that scream that you always do. Ah, just like that. Alright. Stupid. That's front page news. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club.


Wake up. Wake up. This is your time to get it off your chest. Blessed, we wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's This Elle from Queens. What's up brother? Get it off your, your chest. I Wanna give a, a shout out to my daughter. She graduated high school and she got a full ride running track with damn Houston State. Congratulations. Congratulations Brother. That's what life's about. Thank You very much. I appreciate it. And I wanted to give a shout out to y'all also. Did you give her a hug and say thank you for saving daddy some money. Aw man. I was happy as hell man. Houston showed me a lot of love too, man. And I appreciate y'all.


I was on there about, about three weeks ago and promoting my business, trained to inspire. And you was talking about the guy I was training in the wheelchair Laine. But that, that shout out got me a lot of follows and stuff. So I really appreciate Y'all. Yes sir. Man, salute to you brother. Thank You very much, man. God bless. Have a good one, brother. Alright, you too. Hello. Who's this? This is tomorrow. I'm calling from Hampton, Connecticut. Hey, tomorrow. Your name is really Tomorrow. Yes. Tomorrow. That's what your parents named you? Yes, sir. That's what they named me. I I need to hear the full name. Yeah. What? Yeah, I was gonna say that. What's your, your middle name and your last name. Oh my God. Okay. So my whole name is tomorrow.


You Burke Tomorrow. You stupid. What? Emini Here. Don't start with me. No, I didn't hear what you said. I thought you said you stupid. What'd you say? I said Fu La Burke. What's fu mean? It's Yili. It's my, my name is Swahili and Chinese Lice was a famous Chinese philosopher. He was Banneded from China because he was against communism. I was born in 1975. My mom was a Black Panther. Okay, tomorrow. I like that. I like that. Your name has a lot of intention and meaning. I like that. How can we help you this Morning? So tomorrow? Well, I'm really happy to be on the phone with you guys.


And I lost my mom six months ago, two days now. And it's just really been a long struggle. I'm a grandma. I got two kids. One, my youngest is graduating today. Congrats. She's going to high school. Aaliyah Williams and my other daughter, Damani Brown. She has two kids. My wonderful grandkids. I love them, but I'm just scared, like everything that's going on and I'm, I wanna be able to enjoy the day, but I just feel like everything is closed. Julian.


Well, I just want to tell you that, you know, we all know every day the sun don't shine. But that's just why we love tomorrow, period. You, you already know it. That's Right. All right. Thank you. I love you guys, But Yes, but don't, I'm seriously, don't let your, don't let you know. Tyler Perry said something last night at the BET Awards. That was true. You know, don't let your worry outweigh your faith. Amen. All right. Tomorrow. Yes. I, and faith is the one thing I need to work on. That's right. You have a blessed morning. All right. The Sun, the sun will come out tomorrow Anymore, right? I don don't know that all the time. That's right. You do not know that. Supposed a supposed to be a gloomy week tomorrow. So just the sunshine is somewhere. Grab your blanket Babe.


Oh my goodness. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. I'm tall. I'm tall. Hey, what you doing man? I'm Call calling. Yo. This Is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? This is Mo from Florida. Mo from Florida. What up? Get it off your chest. Mo. What's up Breakfast Club. Good morning everybody. Good morning. What's up bro? Hey man, I just wanna tell y'all, I think the governor is doing an awful job over there. He should have stepped in sooner.


He's trying to have a measuring contest with the president and then if he don't, the president don't step in. He's damned if he do and damned if he don't. So he might as well be damned if he do. 'cause if you don't, we gonna be on him anyway. On top of that. You got somebody. But, but, but hold on, hold on real quick. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, you know, disputing you. 'cause I don't know, I I, you know, I don't think Gavin Newsom does the best job in California either. But the protest just began on Friday. Like literally just Friday. Look at how violent it turned right Away. I was gonna say, things are going Crazy. It's getting outta here. Yeah, you not saying that. It's getting outta here. It ain't a peaceful protest everywhere. It's peaceful protest a lot of places, but it's getting outta here. Some lemme Ask Question. Peaceful protest. But the rioting, if we, if nobody steps in and does nothing, then we're over here talking about, oh, we're burning ourselves down.


What are we doing? They should have intervened earlier. And then, then what? So A question. All our, we're burning our own communities down. So what's the point of spending so much money in law enforcement and already having the law enforcement, militarized law enforcement got weapons and armor and all of that kind of stuff. If, if, if you spend all, if you spend hundreds of millions of dollars on law enforcement, How Do they get overwhelmed so fast by protestors to where you sent in the National Guard and did you even see the National Guard yesterday? Most of them was just sleeping. 'cause they ain't had nothing to do. Mm. Did y'all see that? Well, yes, they had 'em in strategic points, right. I don't know how they run that. But when you see videos of police officers being hurt, bleeding and everything else, you gotta do something that he, he's supposed to be, he's a, you know, officer for his people.


Those police officers, those local police officers are also his people. Our communities that they're, that we are burning down are our people. We all know LA Riots can tend to get out of control real fast. So that thing Emini Here, listen, if the LAPD was overwhelmed, I understand they definitely Were overwhelmed. Emini here, you could see from from lot. They Definitely were overwhelmed. They were overwhelmed. Were cops bleeding everywhere? Yeah. Cops were hit with tear gas. They Emini here. They were overwhelmed. They were, they were, they, they needed some help. They that, that, that wasn't planned out correctly. I don't know if Senator, the National Guard was the correct thing to do, but they were definitely overwhelmed. They needed some help. Something had to be done. They were overwhelmed in our community is the one being hurt. Something had to be done.


Thank you brother. So Emini here, you know. Hey, hey Anthony, real quick. I got a question For you. What's up bro? What'd you do for Dominican Mother's Day, bro? Hey, It just passed bro. Why you didn't do nothing? I was on a Puerto Rican Day parade float, but I'm not Dominican nor my Puerto Rican, so I don't know. But, but salute to all the Dominican moms out there. You definitely Puerto Rican, bro. I'm kind of mad You don't claim us, bro. Oh my goodness. Dealer mode. Did I say alone? Man? Peace Jeff. Keep your foot on they neck, Jess. I already know, bro. Alright. And, And I also want, I also wanna say if the LAPD got overwhelmed that fast, then they need to get their budget cut then. 'cause they got allocated over $2 billion for the 2020 5 26 fiscal year. And that's for, you know, salary adjustments, technology upgrades, security services.


That's a lot of money that the Militarize police force to get overwhelmed that fast by protesting. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. When we come back, we got the latest with Lawrence. She's out in the LA for the BET awards. And we'll talk to in a little bit. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club Morning, everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight fast. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. She Gets the Details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything. She be having the latest on this, the latest with Lauren la.


Sometimes you have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Who Is the latest In The Breakfast Club? Talk, talk to me All. Also, yesterday the BET awards went down and Kevin Hart hosted, he opened up with his monologue, making a few jokes, throwing some shots at people. He took a shot at Diddy and he threw a joke at Cardi B. Let's take a listen. So much history has been made on this stage tonight, which is why we are celebrating 25 years of BET of Excellence tonight. It's also the 45th anniversary, man. And I, I honestly, it's an, it's an amazing thing for me simply because I get to see the culture and the lens that I think we need to see each other in more often.


Man. Also, also, I'm gonna do my part. I'm shutting down the idea of after parties. No, after parties tonight. Okay. None. Take your asses home after this. That's why I did it on a Monday. People gotta go to work tomorrow. No, after parties. That's what get slippery at them. Goddamn after parties. We learning a lot about people. Ain't we? We're learning a lot. Take your asses home. I had BET Get those way more cars. Those those cars without the drivers. Take y'all home. Can't bribe them. Nobody in the car. No yachts, no boats. Cardi B, no pink stuff. What the fuck He meant? 25 years of 1 0 6 and park. Right. Not BET. Yeah, Yeah. No, so, so no, no, no, no. There it is. The 25 years of 1 0 6 and park.


But they were also celebrating 25 years of the BET awards and 45 years of BET as the network. Oh, the BET awards. Yes. I got you. Right. Gotcha. Yeah. Makes sense. Yes. Yes. Now speaking of 1 0 6 and Park 1 0 6. And Park did get a tribute because they were celebrating 25 years of the show that take a listen to the medley of performances. There was a ton of people that performed Take a listen. He just has speeches. You don't, you don't have to. He doesn't have the performance. But Ashanti performed, re performed. Jim k performed B 2K Man. Oh my God. Bow. Wow. Who was your favorite performances from the 1 0 6 and Park piece? Because mine were Bow Wow. And B 2K Bow. Wow. Definitely B 2K killed BB 2K and Bow. Wow. Man. I like Dam Marie.


I love Dammar. Killed. Got busy. I just think it was, it was just great. It was a great like collective performance. Like all of them come out and doing a hit. Like I thought it was dope. Yes. Yeah. No, only, only when I would miss that I was, well maybe he's touring or whatever. Nelly, because Nelly was big on 1 0 6 and Park. Oh, okay. Ashanti was big. I didn't even think about that. Yeah, Ashanti Nelly with the down down beat. Like he was huge on 1 0 6 and park. I'd love to see Nelly perform. What A great era, Man, it was good. Remember 1 0 6 and Park was so big that if you was just a judge on Freestyle Fridays, that was a big look for you. Ah yeah. Freestyle Friday. Judge that.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousins latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the BOS premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


There's nothing like sinking into luxury. Anna Bay Sofas combine ultimate comfort and design at an affordable price. Anna Bay has designed the only fully machine washable sofa from top to bottom. The stain resistant performance fabric, slip covers and cloud-like frame duvet can go straight into your wash. Perfect for anyone with kids, pets, or anyone who loves an easy to clean spotless sofa. With a modular design and changeable slip covers, you can customize your sofa to fit any space and style. Whether you need a single chair loveseat or a luxuriously large sectional, Anna Bay has you covered. Visit washable sofas.com to upgrade your home sofas. Start at just $699 and right now you can shop up to 60% off storewide with a 30 day money back guarantee. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Add a little oh to your life. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


Hey, this is Jenny Garth from I Do Part Two. Wanna try Ozempic but can't stand needles? You need to try Oral Semaglutide. It has the same active ingredient as Ozempic, but without the painful injections. Get access to Oral Semaglutide right now@futurehealth.com. Join those losing 10 pounds in their first month. Future Health makes it easy and affordable to gain access to weight loss meds like Oral Semaglutide, Ozempic, and Zep Bound for only $3 a day. You don't need insurance or have to go to a doctor's office. Just a quick, easy process all online. Get the best results at the best price with Future health. Take the three minute quiz@futurehealth.com. Get approved and start losing weight this week. Visit future health.com. That's Future health without the e.com. Future health weight loss data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion.


A couple times I DJ there a couple of times. It Was just what A great time. What time? Yes. All those were were huge artists during the 1 0 6 and Park era. Like the video are big, right? Yes. On the countdown. Now I talked to Ashanti Backstage And I asked her about that, about just, you know, the nostalgia of it because that's what it felt like last night there everybody showed up like it felt like elegance last night. People were excited to be there. It was so many big names in the building. But she said one of the things she's been remembering a lot of is just when you walk out the doors of 1 0 6 and park and you feel the crowd, crowd go crazy because you feel so much love. And that's what last night felt like to her. She said, now in closing of the 1 0 6 and Park tribute, all of the hosts came out and they did their thank yous. I wanna note that Roxy and AJ were missing notably from Those are, those are two big missing by Yeah, that was right by.


Yes. Because let's be clear, let's, if we, if we're being honest, there's two sets to host that when you think 1 0 6 and Park, you think about it. Of course. And that's AJ and Free and Terrence and Rox. That's it. Very much so that's, that's The ones people remember. And they were on the press tour. They came up here together. So expect To see them Emini here. I didn't see AJ running around this weekend, but I saw Roxy. I went to the 1 0 6 and Park Day party in celebration for this. And I saw Roxy. So I, people were asking where even backstage, we were like, wait, where is aj? Where is Roxy? Well, I, I spoke, I spoke to Roxy yesterday. Roxy, she's in France working like she, she wanted to be there. She tried to be there, but you know, sometimes you got those gigs, those opportunities you can't change. And they clash with other things. Yes. And you gotta make a choice. Emini here, you'll see what the gig is real soon. 'cause it is, it is.


It is a really big gig. And, and you know, I understand that because you know, last night was a great moment, but that's the past. You still gotta think about your now and your future. Get it. Hundred Percent. But, and she was running around all weekend. I will say that she was out and about. She was out And, and the be the awards came early this year. It's always usually at the end of the month. Yes. Yep. That is true as well too. It's never like June, what was June? Ninth was, what was yesterday? The ninth. It's usually like June 20th. June 9th. Yesterday. I will say the only person that was missing during the 1 0 6 and Park performances was Mario. To me, Mario from Baltimore. That was very much his era. You know what Emini here as well. And he performed the BET experience like before the show. But I think he should have been on that stage singing. You say he's just a friend like yo, like that Mario was missing.


One thing Baltimore gonna do is represent for B Baltimore. You already know Period. During The show, not before show Baltimore Twitter must have been having that conversation. Crazy. Where is Mar Rio? What's Up? And wh where aj Did they say where AJ was? I seen him post something that said he was on a flight. But that's all I heard. Yeah, same. But they Should have planned that out, man. They all should have been on that stage to me. Well, and, and in rap, one thing I will say, when Free popped up on that screen, backstage cast and crew went crazy because I think we were all just excited to see her on stage again. And they gave a wrap up. Thank you to a ton of people. And we talked about this yesterday. They honored Mr. Steven Hill. Let's take a listen. I do wanna thank each and every one of you that tuned in and welcomed us into your homes on a daily basis.


Tuning into 1 0 6 and Park. Thank you so much. BET. And who else do we have to thank? Free? I think that we wouldn't all be here right now celebrating 1 0 6 and park. We gotta give a round of applause to Steven Hill. I don't know where you are. Yes. Would there be no 1 0 6 in park without you? Yeah. Steven, Steven, Steven. Steven. Steven. We love you. Thank you so much. Yes. And I know Steven, we want to make sure we thank our entire production crew. Yes. Everybody that made this show work. Listen, we could not have done it without the BET family. Thank you guys All You and the staff, any executives that held us down and made sure that their artists came through, we just really want to thank you.


And everybody out in the street that hugs us, yells at us, does all kind of love. And for y'all, like thank y'all. They could have formatted the whole show like 1 0 6 and park last Night. Yeah. I thought that that's what they were gonna do. But instead of making it just like a part of the show, I thought those hosts were gonna actually host the FULL SHOW Show. They could have formatted the whole show at like 1 0 6 and park the performance could have took the place of the videos. Like, you know, you have a little small conversation with the guests. Like, especially during the Icon award park could have Been like ciphers going on, you know, Bow Wow. Could have hosted a little bit of it. 'cause that was Mr 1 0 6 and park, you know what, Emini Here. So, And I think I'd much rather hear, I'm much rather hear like small conversations than these artists speeches. Yeah. Because boy, they be dragging them speeches.


What? It was A lot of speeches last night. Everybody showed up last night. Everybody did. Some Of those speeches were warranted though. Like, I'd love to hear Snoop's speech last night. Oh as well. Yes. Jamie Foxx needed Jamie Foxx. I would've liked to hear Jamie Foxx in conversation. Yeah, that's what I would like to, that would've been great too. Yes. I would've liked to hear somebody actually asking Jamie Foxx questions. And I think it was so over, it was so overwhelming for him in that moment because of everything that he's been through. And it was a lot. Well, we're gonna, we're gonna bring back in a second hour because there is a lot more two last night to the BET awards. Jamie Foxx will talk about that as well in, in rapping. I did wanna mention Envy. You mentioned this. AJ Callaway did post on his Instagram that he was on a flight. He tried to make it, but it didn't work. And he sends much love to his BET family and he says he'll do something again when they can all make it out.


And hopefully let everybody know to join up, join them when they do get back together again. Okay. So, All right. And salute to DC Young Fly Man DC Young Fly killed. He was killing it, man. He Killed it. My friend man. He ate them seed. I only saw DC once he, he the only Like three times times three different outfits on three different T on. He killed it last night. He must have had DC on the late shift then. Because I saw him once when he, He was all throughout the show. He Was the all throughout the Show. He was in the middle and he was in the end. Okay. And a pre show. Yeah, he killed it. Yep. Pre. All right, when we come back, we got front page news and in boxer, Amanda Serrano will be joining us. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's D EJ NV Jess. Hilarious.


Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get back to some front page news. It's some quick sports. Tomorrow is Game three KC versus Paces at 8:30 PM They scratching this out, man. You need to get it over with, man. We don't need two days in between. Right. They usually give you two days between when you go from the east to the west, all, let's get this over with Jesus. Relax a little bit. Ain't nobody watching these games. No way. Yo. Yo, shut up. What's up? True. It was Man lowest. Well, the convers, the conversation continues from the first hour about the anti-ice protests that are underway in Los Angeles, California. Now the top cop in LA says the Marines are not communicating with his department. While about 700 Marines are headed to the city, LA Police chief Jim McDonald says he's not getting a formal notification.


He says the lack of coordination is concerning. And the chief says it presents a significant logistical and operations challenge for those charged with safeguarding the city. Now, California Attorney General Rob Bonta says the state of California is gonna sue President Trump and his administration for deploying hundreds of National Guard members to LA calling the move unlawful. Now, Banta said it requires the governor's consent to activate the National Guard, and Newsom didn't call for it. Let's take a listen to California Attorney General Rob Banta, The governor of California knows how to call in the National Guard if and when it's needed. He did it with the LA fires. He did it in the summer of 2020 with some of the protests in California.


So this is something that is within Governor Newsom's sovereignty. If local law enforcement did decide they needed further support, the first rational step would be to call upon other nearby agencies, mutual call mutual aid. So Bonta goes on to say that this actually diverts resources that are needed for the wildfire season and it escalates tension in the city. Now he goes on to say, the law used to activate the troops had only been invoked once before in modern history in the 1970s. And this is the first deployment without a governor's consent since 1965. Now the White House justifies the action by citing lawlessness in la. Governor Newsom claims there's no need for the National Guard and accused Trump of wanting a spectacle.


Meanwhile, Los Angeles Mayor Karen Bass says her city is being used for an experiment as the federal government brings in the National Guard and Marines to counter immigration protests. Now Bass spoke on Monday night saying it makes her feel like this is a test for what happens when the federal government moves in and takes authority away from the state and from local government. Now she pushed back against comments describing the city as being invaded and occupied by illegal aliens and criminals. Calling it a despicable description. Let's take a listen to La Mayor Karen Bass's comments. This kind of atmosphere, it creates a chaos in our city. People not sure whether they should go outside, whether they need to stay inside.


We did not need this. The population of all of Los Angeles needs to know that we will stand with them. We're not gonna allow our city to be divided and picked apart. So the LA has, LAPD has announced that the city is going on tactical alert, meaning officers can be kept on past their shift in time and transferred between divisions. The demonstrations, of course, started on Friday in response to immigration rates that were happening around the city and bringing thing home to you guys up there in New York. Oh, well, mayor Eric Adams and the NYPD Commissioner Jessica Tisch, she addressed New York City on Monday evening, or he addressed, they both addressed New York City on Monday evening following these protests that are of course happening in LA now.


Mayor Adams says what's happening in LA will not happen in New York. Let's take a listen to his comments. The escalation of protests in Los Angeles over the last couple of days is unacceptable. It would not be tolerated if it tempted in our city. There was a bunch of anti-ice protests yesterday in New York. A bunch of 'em, true large crowds. That's all it takes is, you know, you starting to see this stuff and then, you know, people are gonna start galvanizing and organizing in their own cities. But you know, as you heard from the audio, New York mayor Eric Adams had a message for New Yorkers. Now, NYPD Commissioner Jessica Tisch goes on to say that while they encourage peaceful protests, the NYPD will have no tolerance for violence or blocking of public spaces.


Their comments, of course, comes just, it came hours after two dozen protesters were arrested after occupying Trump Tower in Midtown. So yeah, it does appear that this is, this is something that, like I said, it impacts everybody from us here from the case with Kmar Rego Garcia, to LA to you guys in New York. Emini here. Immigrants are all over this, this country. That's essentially what built this country, especially, you know, the original immigrants, the stacks of slaves. But I won't get too much into that. But yeah, this is a, something that impacts a lot of people. And we, I will continue to keep you guys posted as these stories Develop. And even in LA it's interesting, right? 'cause you know, I was reading out, you know, Gavin Newsom was saying Trump sent, deployed 2000 troops to la right?


He's deploying another 2000 troops to la but he was like, the first 2000 were given no food, no water. And only 300 have been deployed. The rest are just sitting Yeah. In a federal building without orders. So what's the point's, Right? I'm not sure, but I guarantee that these people are racking up a, a coin on their check and that's not wasteful or fraudulent or abusive. And, and then they said that they're, they're, they're just there to protect federal buildings. That's the only reason that they were sent there. Just to protect the yes. Federal buildings And, and supposedly the public and of course public safety as well. But yes, those are, that's have been their missions to protect public safety and federal buildings and agents who are being met with continued protests amid the immigration raids.


Yep. So to your point, yes, only three have 300 of the first 2000 have actually been deployed with more on the way. So if you guys are in the LA area, you know, just continue to be safe and stay vigilant, you know, especially you Lauren. So we wanna make sure that you guys are safe out there. And then, girl, let me just tell you, your fresh face is giving. You ain't got no makeup on, but you look so good today, Morgan. So good. Oh, thank you. I appreciate that. It was a little struggle This morning. So I Thank, thank you Jess. I appreciate that. That's a good note. Let's end on nothing. No, that's nice. That's nice. That's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, follow me on socials at Morgan Media and for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network.


Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@binews.com. Ooh, my day is Man. Alright, thank you Morgan. Alright, when we come back, boxer, Amanda Serrano will be joining us. She's a seven time champion, of course seven different weight classes and we're gonna talk to her next and don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got our brother AK with us this morning. Hey. And we got a special guest in the building. The champ is here. Arm Amanda Serrano. Welcome. How you feeling? I'm feeling great. Feeling great. It's a little too early for me, but for you guys I'll sacrifice. You Was at parade yesterday? Yes. Yes. It was amazing. It was, it was. I was there in 2019.


I got honored as one my Guinness Book World Records for seven Division. And it was like a complete different parade this time. Everyone knew who I was. Of course people screaming by name. It just felt so welcoming and so awesome. Yeah. You've won a, like you just said, titles in seven different weight classes. Are you chasing greatness? Are you chasing something, something deeper? I'm chasing legacy And I believe I, I've accomplished that already. You know, I'm the first Puerto Rican to become undisputed male or female and first seven division world champion. So now it's just doing other stuff. Making money, making making money and, and opening the doors and continue to open the doors for women in this sport.


He mentioned seven divisions. People don't realize how difficult that is. The only fighter that has done more is Manny Pact we just talked about in has done eight divisions. And That's question of Bo Hawk. You should know. Yeah, yeah. But that, that's what's in the, in the books, right? Yeah. So, so what she's done is like, it's in insane. Right? But there's another division that you haven't fought in 1 47. Right. And I just want to throw that out there because I know that Clarissa is a lot bigger. She's fighting heavyweight 1 54, 1 60, but she's a big name in the sport. And for some reason you girls were cool, but it's like tension. Like you put out a tweet that I actually respected your tweet. Like, 'cause it's kind of like you were fed up of her attacking MVP, your promoter. I, is that a pipe dream?


If it ever came, if she came down on 1 47, could that fight ever happen? Well, Tell her what's your natural weight first? No, I'm, I'm the tapping ney. I'm the featherweight champion, which is 126 pounds. 20 Pounds. Jesus. I am fighting for the title at one 40 with Katie Taylor. Okay. But respectfully, I respect Clarissa, what she's done in the sport. I respect her as an athlete, her accomplishments. But I came here today to talk about July 11th to talk about me, to talk about the girls that are making history at Madison Square Garden on Netflix. So yeah, She said something. She said that the, the Manny eight is questionable. Why? Because he won two division, two divisions. They weren't world titles, they were like regional titles.


All mines divisions was world titles. Got you. Now I need to ask, you know, when, when gaining that much weight, right? When you're naturally 1 26 and you have to gain 20 pounds, how does that affect you? Affect your speed, affect your strength, And I affect your mental It Does, it does affect you. People don't realize it. It's harder for me to go up in weight than to, to make the lower weight. 'cause I walk around 1 34, 1 35. So it's easy for me to drop 10 pounds. But when I'm going up a lot of these girls, they can withhold my power. They can, you know, they can, you know, the power is, I, I still have power at that weight, but it's just a lot easier for them to, to withhold it. And it's, it's, I have to be constantly eating my trainer, my sister, everyone's like forcing me.


You have to eat, you have to eat, you gotta Eat healthy. It's not like you eating burgers. Yeah, but I'm like, I'm not, I'm not hungry. I just finished this training. I'm not hungry. And they're like, no, you have to eat because I can lose weight really, really fast. So I Refuse to believe you ate healthy yesterday after the puertorican break. Definitely. I know all everybody, you know, was cooking. Yeah. Honestly I didn't. But I had some, I had a, a fried fish sandwich. Surprisingly not Puerto Rican food. No, but it was just, it was crazy. It was crazy. Well, you're, you're fighting speaking of July 11th. Yes. You are fighting Katie Taylor. You already fought her twice. Yes. Right. Now, what are you doing differently? This fight? Yeah, definitely. I brought in new people for the camp. I have a, a nutrition coach now, Cindy Miller.


She's been helping me, feeding me good food. I have an a running coach. His name is Spencer. He's the one who helped Dito Trinidad in all his fights. So that's been a great help for me. I hired another assistant coach that's helping me keep my distance, helping me like with my head movement and, and boxing and stuff like that. But listen, we, me and Katie had 20 great rounds together. We, we bring great fights. We show the fans that we can fight and this fight's gonna be no different. You know, we at headlining Madison's Square Garden on an all girl card. And the good thing is that all these girls are coming to fight.


So we don't, we don't know who's gonna be the fight of the night. So all of us are stepping our game up. I'm stepping my game up. I need this win on paper. I believe I won both fights, but this one is different because I need the judges to see that, that I won this fight. I need this fight on paper. So yeah, we're working a little different smarter and I, I believe this, the third time's a charm. And you know, the, the fact that they're fighting a trilogy, even though Katie got both decisions speaks to like how close those fights were and how many people felt you even won both of those fights. What fight you think was close outta the first two? The first one, the first one was a, a good fight. My coach told me after the fight, he said, I think it's 96, 94.


It's pretty close. So when the first judge said that, he looked at me, he said, you see I, I got right, we got it. But the, the second one I think was pretty clear that I won. I landed 107 more punches on Katie Taylor. You didn't make no sense. I think people say that I get hit a lot. Listen, 107 punches. That's a lot of punches. And you did It and you heard From the sixth round, was it the sixth round you heard her? I think It was the first one was the fifth. The the second one was the first. And a couple of rounds. Like I've heard Katie, every fight, both fights I've heard, she's never really hurt me other than the headbutts. But you know, I respect Katie as a fighter. She's a great fighter, a great champion, and she's gonna come to fight. She needs this win to be like convincingly.


She, she needs the, the fans to say, okay, Katie won this fight. And listen, I'm a professional, I'm a champion. If Katie was to beat me, like clearly I would say hats off to Katie. Katie, you're a great champion, you're a great fighter, you beat me. But I just don't feel it, the fans don't feel it. My, my team doesn't feel it doesn't see it. So I'm like, God, it's just this one is like this the like the last hurrah. How do you feel confidence in the judges during that now, right? Because you think you lost, you think you won both of them. You feel like you were cheated. So how do you still have that confidence in the system and the judges? 'cause you the punches show. Yeah, I know that that's the only thing that I'm, I'm like, ah, we need, we need better judges. And hopefully the team gets that work before I step into that ring.


Because I feel like those two fights, it was like four against one or five against one because it is the judges Katie and, and the referee. The referee wasn't on my side the last fight as well. So I just want a fair fight. I just want me and Katie to fight and, and the winner, you know, takes it all Emini here. It's just How do you fix the politics of boxing though? Because Emini here, you can clearly watch those fights and tell boxing politics came into play. So how do you fix it? Yeah. And it's not just my fight, you know, it's, you see it every day, every time there's a fight, it's Emini here. That, I don't know. I don't know if, if the judges are influenced by the crowd or they're influenced by the promoters or it is just really hard. I don dunno what they're thinking, what they're seeing.


I don't know if they need to watch it in, in a screen because I watch fights front row and it's really hard. So much going on. Yeah. It's so hard to see a, a good fight. Sometimes the referee gets in the way. I just don't know what they're seeing. I, I've seen fights where the judges have to like, be moving around to actually see the action and then if the person's back is against that, that one judge, you don't know what's happening. So I don't know if maybe a screen would be a better, I have no idea. We're still kicking it with Boxer Amanda Serrano. Her fight is July 11th and Madison Square Garden. Ah, I wanna go back to the second fight. What round was it that you got the cut again? I, I forget what round. I think it was the fourth. Fourth. The fourth was it?


Fourth fight. So, so, so, so you fought round six rounds with blood in your eye. Yeah. How do, how do, how do you avoid those headbutts like going into the third fight? Like is there a strategy where we know what Katie does? Like, is there something you're gonna do to kind of avoid getting hit with the head again? Yeah, ma maintaining all distance. Definitely. Because once I hurt her, I know she's gonna come in and try to hold me and try to grab me and then lose her head. Emini here, she's very good at using her head. Emini here, Not taking anything away from Katie. She's a great champion and she's very, very skillful fighter. But you know, I think what I got hurt the most was with the head and the second headbutt was so painful. Mm.


Like people don't know. The first one, I was like, oh, okay, whatever. Right. But the second one, it was a very open wound and it hit the bone And I was like, I saw black for a second. I was like, what is going on? That's why I was just so, I was pissed off. I was like, oh my God. And then there was no help with the referee. The referee wasn't really warning hell with the head. But, but listen, this happens in, in the sport of boxing and it's just onto the next one. How Much does the fight, I'm sorry, You did say third time is a genre. Yes. And I'm with you, but are you prepared for it to go the other way? Like what, what would it mean for you to win or Emini here to lose third time to Katie Say it would suck. I'm like, thank God three times. Yeah.


Emini here. But, but I'm not thinking about that. I'm not putting that into the universe. I'm manifesting a win like I always do. But you know, it, like I said, if if she wins the way she's supposed to win, then I'm gonna be like, listen, okay, she got it. But I'm just hoping that the judges are watching the fight in different, different, Well you and Katie had the best fight on that, that call 'cause Jake, Paul and Tyson himself. Right. But when I think about that fight, I think about how bloody it was. Like, it looked like Mortal Kombat, right? It did. How much does a, how much does that take outta you? Well, it takes a lot of, out of you, you know, honestly, knowing that you have this cut, I'm just blessed that I have a great, a great corner.


My cup man was amazing. I did not know how big the cut was until I saw it. And the monitor and the monitor you can use, it wasn't that bad. When I went to the back to get stitched up, I was like, oh my God. I brought a tear to my eye because I thought about my family back home watching it on Netflix. I was like, oh. 'cause I know it, it looks a lot worse on tv. So, but it takes a lot, all that blood. And then it wasn't just that one headbutt it just kept happening and her rubbing her head on it. So you, you definitely can feel it. I believe if I did lose a round, it was the round after the cut because that was just like, probably still in pain. But that didn't stop me. You saw, you saw the, the heart I had in there.


I was like, let's go, let's keep fighting. Yeah. And but it, it, it can take a lot out of you. Yeah. There's been men with, with smaller s that can continue and, and quit before her. So Jake Paul has signed so many women. Obviously this is an all girls card. He's done a lot for women's boxing. Do you feel like you are kind of the reason because you know what he'd done with your career and, and, and how successive you've been. That's why women are saying, I want to go there. Look what he look, look what a man has been able to do. Listen, Jake Paul and Arian MVP have changed my life completely. They have changed the sport of female boxing And I am super proud to be part of them. And yes, yes, I believe that they, these women in the beginning, these, a lot of people had a lot of stuff to Yeah.


Negative stuff to say, to say About Jake Paul. About Jake And Issa. Yep. And I took that chance to, to be with Jake Paul because when I met Jake, Paul and Issa, they told me where they wanted to go. They asked me how much I was getting paid, what you wanna do in the sport and whatever. They made sure the first card that I was vena, he, he said, I want the whole car to make the most money that they made. So he paid me the most money I got paid. Oh, wow. Before that, how much have you, what was your biggest payday before MVP? Huh? Not, definitely not seven figures. Way less than that. Right. You know, I got paid $4,000 for world title fights. I got paid 4,000, $4,000.


But for tying up with Miguel Coto becoming a fourth division world champion, Ah, $4,000. So, you know, time. How Did your team even ask for a percentage of that? I'm not giving nobody, nobody Exactly. Sanction, sanctioning fees and all that stuff, so, damn. Yeah, it's been, it's been a journey. I got paid peanuts, like sometimes I got paid nothing just to, just to fight, just to stay, to maintain. But yeah, that's the, the difference with Jake Paul and these women, now that they see that we're making me and Katie making millions or just making noise and my fan base, how much it grew being under Jake Paul there.


Now they wanna come along and, but, but I guess they had to see what, what was, what, what he really wanted to do for female boxing. And he proved it. He proved it with me. And now he's proven it come July 11th, the first in history at MSG on Netflix. I am super proud to be part of that. And like I said before, this is gonna be a car you don't wanna miss because we have two undisputed championship, three unified champions championships, and you just don't know who is gonna be the fighter of the night. Now you recently pushed for 12 three minute rounds of women's boxing. Yes. You pushed for that hard. Why so, why so much? Because we, we talk about equality in the sport of female boxing.


And one way to do it is, is to fight the same time the men fight. You know, we fight. So some men complaining that, oh, well they fight less than us. 10 rounds, two minutes, 10 round, two minute rounds there. Why you wanna get paid just like us? So I believe it, it's one step. We want equality, so we have to fight for what we believe for or what we want. And I, I, I'm a big advocate for the 12 three. Katie. She said the rematch, she says, she shook my hand and said that we can, if we fight again, we can do it. And she neglect that promise. So Emini here we were fighting ten two, but I would prefer the 12, the 12 three. It's the 12 three because I believe if I had that extra minute, I can definitely hurt her and finish her.


But I think a lot of us women wouldn't want that because we have a lot more time to show our skills. I believe that the 10 twos is like a sprint for women's boxing. And then the, the 12 three is like a little jog and marathon. We can showcase more of our skills and have more time to, to get these knockouts. Gotcha. Rumor has a year reason why Netflix wanted to stay in boxing after the first fight in, in Texas. Like how entertaining your fight was opposed to the others. Emini Here look, they, they, you know, Jake Paul, Mike, they wore what they were right. It was a unique type of fight, but Netflix said, no, we need to see that again. Word. And that's why you fight on Netflix. Is that true? Is there some truth to that?


Well, Emini here, the birdie said it. No. Yeah, Emini here. That's what I wanna do. Every time my trainer Jordan Maldonado, he told me, whenever you have an opportunity, you seize that opportunity. You go out there and you do whatev whatever you have to do to make sure that people tune in, people watch you, people want you. And I knew that fight. I knew the fight with Katie Taylor was gonna be a great fight. So I said, no matter what I do, I have to just give it my, all that, that night. And I did. And look, and now Netflix believed in me and Katie so much that they gave us our own card with all women. Yeah. So they believe in us women. And that's something that really touches me and that really gets me excited because now we have these big, big networks, big stadiums, big people, big sponsors that are, are giving their money, giving their time to promote and to, to give, just give us this, the spotlight.


And I'm excited And was talking to Boxer Amanda Serrano. Her fight is July 11th in Madison Square Garden. Ah, You, you won. Right? Seven divisions. This is a, obviously a big money fight, a big, a big profile fight. But if you do get the victory, finally with Katie, what's the next challenge? You know, I know people talking about Alicia. Bam, she's with MVP, now she's around your weight class. What's the next big challenge? Poor man. You know what The World wants. No, honestly, right now I'm just concentrating. I'm fully concentrating on, on Katie Taylor. That's the one thing that's on my mind, my goal just to go out there and finally get this win. That's a big enough challenge for me right now, this moment, this second, this whole couple of weeks leading up to the fight.


And then after that, who knows, who knows what the, The World holds for me. The team knows. And, and Emini here, they will go back and we'll figure it out. When You, when you retire, what do you want? Little Puerto Rican girls this day when They, when they met you sound funny.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bose premium sound system, you too can vibe like your at your own private concert. Plus, with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community, and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been, because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


There's nothing like sinking into luxury. An Bay Sofas combine ultimate comfort and design at an affordable price. An Bay has designed the only fully machine washable sofa from top to bottom. The stain resistant performance fabric, slip covers and cloud-like frame duvet can go straight into your wash perfect for anyone with kids, pets, or anyone who loves an easy to clean spotless sofa. With a modular design and changeable slip covers, you can customize your sofa to fit any space and style. Whether you need a single chair loveseat or a luxuriously large sectional, Anna Bay has you covered. Visit washable sofas.com to upgrade your home sofas. Start at just $699, and right now you can shop up to 60% off storewide with a 30 day money back guarantee. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Add a little to your life. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


Hey, this is Jenny Garth from I Do Part Two. Wanna try Ozempic but can't stand needles? You need to try Oral Semaglutide. It has the same active ingredient as Ozempic, but without the painful injections. Get access to Oral Semaglutide right now@futurehealth.com. Join those losing 10 pounds in the first month. Future Health makes it easy and affordable to gain access to weight loss meds like Oral Semaglutide, Ozempic, and Zep Bound for only $3 a day. You don't need insurance or have to go to a doctor's office. Just a quick, easy process all online, get the best results at the best price with future health. Take the three minute quiz@futurehealth.com. Get approved and start losing weight this week. Visit future health.com. That's future health without the e.com. Future Health Weight loss data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion.


Not just only Puerto little Puerto Rican girls. I I need a little girl who or, or boy who, who believes in themselves and, and wanna do something. Just, you have to go out there and give it your all. You know, I greatness requires sacrifice. I sacrificed my whole life to, to this sport. And I'm gonna continue to work for them. And, and just believe in yourself. Surround yourself with positive people. Go out there and give it your all. That's all I can ask. And I always tell the, the young girls, they say, oh, I wanna be like you. And I tell them, don't be like me. Be better than me. And that's what I wanna push them for. Just always to be better than, than me. And that's what I do. I always wanna be better than I was yesterday or the fight before. And that's all you have to do.


You gonna have Bad Bunny or Jocelyn Hernandez walk you out. What's wrong? Which one? They, they, the two Puerto Rican stars. Bad Bunny has a concert the same. His first concert in Puerto Rico is the night of the fight. Jocelyn, what about Jocelyn Hernandez? You know, she coming? Jocelyn Drop some ball. She had a float. She had a float in the Puerto Rican parade too. I bet she did. That's my girl. That's the Puerto Rican princess right there. So, alright, see if she can walk you down. Is It Katie Ch Katie Taylor. Chapter close after the third fight. Is that, are you done? I think So. Win or lose? I, I think so. You know, honestly, I, I said that after the second one. After the first one, I was like, God, I am so tired of, I love Katie.


Katie's my best friend, but I'm like, how can you love and hate someone at the same At the same time? Time? Yeah. Because our last press conference, I'd never seen y'all go at it the way you did. She threw shots saying you're delusional. And you, you came, you came with the helmet, was the football helmet. Hank you know, he, he gear to the press conference incinerated And I don't wanna get hit with So there's, it's not as really as it was before That. Yeah. That was just something that was just, it was, it was Good. It was a good idea. But then The day after, we had to do like promo and photo shoot and we was just laughing and talking on like regular. But yeah, I think she's kind of probably tired of me too. What if she, What if you beat her and she says, I won two. You won one. Let's do it again.


Damn. Ah. Money talks. Money Talks. But like, honestly, I'm like, I told myself I said God, but because it's been like, I'll talk to both our names since she returned pro. Right. And we wasn't even in the same weight class at the same Well I was, I'm never at her same weight class, but I'm like, who is Katie? But Katie Taylor's brought ice to the professional box boxing world. Which is, which is good. But it is been like that for years. I was like, oh my God. Kind of. You done with Tired Katie of Katie Taylor. Well, we all know what the ultimate payday is. I don't know what that weight would be between you and Clarissa, but that would be the ultimate payday and the ultimate match in women's boxing. Listen, it, it, it can be, but I'm just, like I said, I, I'm here promoting July 11th and it is just, But would you go to 1 47 that forget about, about would you, You're almost fight.


Would you? No, that's Not, that's not, that's not true. I'm not almost there. I can't, I can barely make one 40 and the spider is at one 40. You A brow like Well, Yeah, that's Good for eating, good eating and training hard. But yeah, I'm not, I'm not a, a natural one 40 a natural 1 35. I'm a natural one. 26. I walk around at 1 34. So, like I said, going up in weight, it's really hard for me. It's a lot harder for me than losing weight. And people look at me like I'm crazy. Yeah. Like, oh my God. Losing weight is hard. No, gaining weight for me is hard. Yeah. You leave, you got fast with metabolism. Yeah. Becausecause. When I'm constantly working hard and training hard, I, I sweat so much And I lose, I lose weight so fast. So I'm like, no, like 40 40. But Yout make 1 47 if you had to. No, I know I can't.


Oh, And I won't. I won't. The heavier, The heavier you go, the, the more you lose more. Yeah. My power is still there. But like I said, these 20 million, you won't go 1 47. Ah, no. Alright. 20 million. I go to 1 47 40. Boy, you could whip his as could I'm sure. How does it feel when you walk in the gym sometime and know you better than 99% of the minute? It boosts your confidence. You can walk around. Like sometimes I walk around in the street and I'm like, only if they knew. But We wish you the best of luck. You're fighting Madison Square Garden in July 11th. Absolutely, yes. All my Puerto Ricans, but I equals Go buy your tickets, get out there and support.


Yes. I'm saying right now. 'cause I was on a float last yesterday. Yeah. We're making history of all women's card great fights. I honestly, we, me and Katie had two great fights, but I don't know. We up for some good competition this fight. Absolutely. Well, thank you for joining us. Amanda Serrano. Thank you. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Frank Ocean and Kanye might have been kissing while they was recording this. You ever think about stuff like this? No. That was one of my favorite songs though. In The World is Tough. Very tough. Too crazy. Very tough too. I never thought about them two kissing Me neither. I said, ah, I just thought about it. I'm like, damn Frank Ocean was killing that hook with penis on his breath. Probably What Frank Ocean though. We Don't even know what, what's going on.


All right, pride. Let's get Right. Hey, yo Lauren becoming a straight face. She gets them from somebody that knows. Somebody that knows well. She gets the Details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on you. The Lord the latest with Lauren la Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What was the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk to me. Alright, y'all a bit more mom. A few more moments from the BET awards. Last night, Doce won best female hip hop artist and she took the stage in a powerful acceptance speech. Let's take a listen to Doce. First of All, thank you so much. BET This is my first BET award.


So this means a lot to me. I grew up watching this, but as much as I'm honored by this award, I do wanna address what's happening right now. Outside of the building, there are ruthless attacks that are creating fear and chaos. Trump is using military forces to stop a protest. And I want y'all to consider what kind of government it appears to be when every time we exercise our democratic right to protest, the military is deployed against us. People are being swept up and torn from their families. And I feel it's my responsibility as an artist to use this moment to speak up for all oppressed people, for black people, for Latino people, for trans people, for the people in Gaza.


And I hope we stand together. My brothers and my sisters Against Hate and we protest against it. That's a solid way to use your platform. I I always feel like when stuff like that happened though, like, like what's next after the artist does that, like you raised awareness, but what's the call to action? And that had to be tough for BET producers because you have to either choose to ignore what's going on outside, you know, to put on your show or, or, or that's it. Yeah. It's you acknowledge it or ignore it. But they didn't acknowledge it. They just let whoever won acknowledge it. But they didn't necessarily acknowledge it. Yeah's I'm saying like, but for for, for that being the backdrop of LA you would feel like, you know, that has to be a tough thing to decide to do in the room. Correct?


Yes. Either acknowledge it or ignore it. Yeah. And it's hard to ignore because when I tell you all weekend, we've had to be moving around the protest and like stores being broken, like so much different stuff here. Like, but he Definitely ignored it because Emini here, he didn't do anything other Emini here. But I just mean if you're here in person, to your point, it should have bled over into the show because in real life, 'cause everybody Is not there. And we, You know what I'm saying? It would've been great for in real life. It was you couldn't ignore it. Or Do you use the show as an escape? I don't know. That's what I'm saying. That's why I said it's a tough decision for producers, I'm sure. Yes, yes. Now also on the stage, the ultimate Icon award went down. Snoop Dogg, Mariah Carey, Jamie Foxx, Kirk Franklin received this award. Snoop Dogg's Award was presented by Dr.


Dre. And the Ultimate Icon award is where these artists are recognized for their decades of contributions in music, entertainment, advocacy, and community impact. Let's take a listen to the performance that happened by Snoop Dogg when receiving this, this award. Mm. Yo yo, He killed it. They sounded good too. Like Yeah, they sounded the same Backstage went crazy. A lot of the, the crew last night was from LA too. Like they Come on now. Went crazy last night. Especially when corrupted the stage and then warn g the stage as well too. Even Snoop Do Snoop Dancers. I'm sorry, long no go dancers. And the people were playing the instruments, like the band, everything. I love how they had like the tic the so great tuxedos Yes. Mixed with the, the la flannel. You know what Emini here, like it was, it was lit.


It was a whole, ain't no fun. It was a whole thing for black people in the West Coast. Man. Ain't No fun if the homies can't have nothing. Yes, it's all good. Until you hear that in the freak off, it was still Classy. You stupid Stevie Jamie Foxx also was present to his icon busing. Oh. And Daz wasn't there. We didn't see Daz Dillinger. He didn't pop, he didn't pull up disco corrupted. But go ahead. Yes, Jamie Foxx, he received his impact award from Stevie Wonder, and he had all of us in tears while there. Let's take, listen to Jamie Foxx. I cannot even begin to express the love that I feel from everybody out there. I gotta be honest. When I saw the Memorium, I was like, man, that could have been me.


But I don't know why I went through what I went through, but I know my second chance I'm not gonna turn down. I am not gonna turn down. I have so much love to give. I told him, I said, man, just, just gimme one more crack at this And I promise I said, whatever reason you put this on me, I promise I'm I'm gonna do. Right. When I, when I did my special Lewis front of black people, black people was the one that said, man, we got you Not to say that white people can't pray either. I know that sound weird, but y'all know what I'm saying. It's like I know what you're saying, man. It's like, you guys held me down And I don't wanna make this whole speech about that. But you can't go through something like that and, and not testify.


Amazing speech he gave. The funniest part was when Stevie wanted came to handling the trophy because Stevie was on some like, all right, bro, I'm, I'm old. Yeah. I can't be standing up here for if Wrong now. Okay. Yeah. So, And I love how he took it back. Remember some years back when Ed, an award show Elton John had gave a tribute to Stevie Wonder and he said Stevie l and Jamie Foxx had bought that moment back. I thought that was pretty dope too. Oh, I didn't know what that was. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. It was a long, long time ago. Stevie Emini here, Jamie Foxx had joked Elton John for that. Stevie was like, I love seeing you. I love seeing you perform on my, I love seeing you. I love seeing the crowd. Yes. Vie wonder got Stevie Wonder got better vision than all of us. Best believe that Stevie Foxx said, I had a joke, but I'm not gonna say I'm gonna leave Steven alone.


But Tyler Perry also. Oh, you still did The joke. He still did it. He did, Did I think. I think he, he, he, he kept, well, he, No, he didn't. He did a Joke Wandering Around. I Thought it was gonna be worse than that. That was hilarious. You, It was so funny. Steve L Tyler Perry also hit the stage. He brought out legacy, but he called out the Hollywood studios in the Heavy Flex. Let's take a listen As He should. Yep. Black women have held me down And I appreciate you. Like you would not believe you keep sending everything to number one, including straw this weekend. So thank you so much for that. And pretty soon you'll be sending Divorce sisters to number one. So thank you for that. I really appreciate it.


I want to talk to you about this thing that is happening in this country And I want you to pay attention to it. Don't miss this. They are removing our books from libraries. They are removing our stories and our history. They went into Tulsa, Oklahoma and tried to burn down Black Wall Street. But yes, we are still building businesses, making our way, building companies, becoming CEOs because we are still building, still leaving footprints. The, I have made more black millionaires, hear me when I say this. Mm. Than any studio in this city combined Talk that talk. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. Y'all gonna include Mom and Tyler Perry mess. I still can't help not to hear Madea every time, every time he get passionate against her.


I hear Madea. But yes, that was a lovely speech. Yes. So in one of my group chats last night, somebody said, do we need really need another Madea movie? Yes. Yes we do. Because Negro gotta work. Absolute Mya goes to Bahamas. No, it's, it, it's A destination. It's something like that final destination. Then there's like a wedding. Aint no final. It's something about a wedding. What is it? Something Destin made DI's destination wedding. Oh yeah. Damns Destination wedding. Yeah. Made dad's final destination would be fire. That would be crazy. That would be crazy. You know, I saw Tyler Perry yesterday backstage And I was like, oh my, I kind of like fanned out. 'cause you hear so much about, I never seen him in person. And I was like, wow, that's Tyler Perry. But there was so many people last night. You talk to him, did you say hi?


Did You I didn't get a chance. They were bringing him out to introduce for that moment right there. Oh, okay. So they was just whinging him by real quick. Everyone I talked to backstage for BET last night, Tyler Perry was like the biggest conversation and how much he does for people. Absolutely. Yeah. Which we always hear. But man, the in person people were just speaking his praises. It was, it was good to see last night felt really, really good. The lights are on at BET because of Tyler Perry. That's right. Tyler Perry and then Miss Pat. But the lights are really on because of Tyler Perry. What else would BET have if it wasn't for Tyler Perry? Man, shout out to also Leon Thomas. Shout out to him. Shout out to Chris Brown for winning the viewer's Choice Awards. Gorilla One, shout out Rilla. One Gorilla actually shocked me. Sheilla Award. Yeah.


Dr. Bobby Jones. Best gospel inspirational award for Rain down on me. Yeah. She won With Kirk Franklin. She runs, Lamar took, And then she went on stage and she, she, she accepted that stage like a re artist. Well, And I love it. Very true. Was front and center with Aaron Pierre holding that little elbow tight. I said, okay. They done popped out Her, me and her, me and Tiana Taylor and Taraji did an amazing job on the stage last night was Ana Taylor. They did. It was so much, yo yesterday's show was so good. It was so much stuff. It was so Full and it was a lot of class. This is the classiest that I've ever seen. BETB. So yes. You know, I, I really, really want to give a shout out to that.


It was a lot of big wigs in the building and they had to do it right this year. I'm to see Drew Ski and constant too. Jess talking about people in the building. Yeah. I was Happy, happy to see that too. I wanted to see them more And I would love to see them more too. Yeah. The VET awards. 'cause they know what they doing. You know what Emini here, I, I'm happy that to see a couple of my peers out there too. Shout out to be Simone and pretty VI seen B Simone, my guy d DC Young Fly. So Yep. Yes. Pretty. Yeah, pretty V did a really good job on a pre-show too. Always. I know we gotta wrap, but yes, it was so many people there. Well, That's the latest with Lauren. We'll see you next hour Lauren. Everybody else donkey today? Who giving that Don Two man? We need a pastor. A pastor named Roy. He already in the congregation. So you just, just walk on up to the front. We'd like to have a word with you Pastor, then Pastor Roy. Pastor Roy. All right, we'll get to that.


Next is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Say the game Donkey utter shape. Man, You are a donkey. It's time for Donkey of the Day. Donkey of the Day does not discriminate. I might not have the song today, but I got the donkey day. You ever feel I need to be a Donkey man? The Breakfast Club bitches. Who's Donkey today? Today? Well, ed Shean donkey today for Tuesday, June 10th goes to a 72-year-old pastor from Alabama named Roy Powell. Okay. Pastor Roy is the pastor of Cedar Street Missionary Baptist Church in Alabama. Dropping a clues bombs to see the street. Missionary Baptist Church.


Okay. Salute everybody who listens to us on 1 0 3 0.1 to beat in Birmingham and 1 0 4 0.1 to beat in, in Montgomery, Alabama. Respectfully. Now, what do you expect of your pastor? What is expected of a pastor? Most people expect their pastor to lead the church community. They expect their pastor to guide them spiritually, morally, and in practical matters. Okay. This includes teaching the word of God. Okay? Providing pastoral care, leading worship, and ensuring the church's wellbeing. Do we need the pastor to be a role model? The answer is yes. Okay. We need a pastor that reflects the teachings of the gospel. You must practice what you preach in order to be an impactful pastor.


Okay. Roy Powell has been a pastor for 30 years. So clearly he has been that. And you can tell he's been that by the way, his congregation is choosing to stick beside him even though he was charged with first degree robbery. What do you mean? Pastor Powell was charged with first degree robbery. Uncle Shawla, my pastor don't have to steal from nobody. We be having two, sometimes three collections on Sundays. The general offering, a special offering to build the church pool and a thank you offering for our pastor because he is a good man. He needs a new Hyundai Sonata. So my pastor don't got no reason to rob nobody. Well, let's go to Fox 10 News for the report, please. Tonight, a well-known local pastor is out of jail, charged with first degree robbery investigators.


Say 72-year-old Roy Powell took a man's book bag at gunpoint yesterday morning on Mobile Street. The alleged victim who doesn't want to be identified tells me he was walking to the post office when Powell was walking towards him on the sidewalk and bumped into him. He said, he was like, you was in my way. I'm walking down the sidewalk. Watch where you're going. And we had words back and forth. The alleged victim tells me, Powell left the scene after they exchanged words. Minutes later he tells me Powell came back in a truck and with a gun that he used to pistol whip the man in the head. According to this sign at the Cedar Street, missionary Baptist Church, Powell is a pastor here and court documents say he's been a pastor for 30 years.


These court documents say Powell actually went back to the scene to apologize. Hmm. He's charged with first degree robbery. What if heaven was hell? And vice versa? It's too corrupt knowing that God gonna help me blow him up. That wasn't Pastor Roy. That was Pastor Troy. And Pastor Troy was teaching that young man a lesson. See, this is what happens when you don't tithe. Okay? Mm. Tithing is not a strict requirement for salvation, but it is seen as a test of faith. Okay, pastor, say, you going to give up that 10%? In my mind, that's how this happened. Okay? Pastor Powell walking down the street, they bump into each other. Pastor says, you was in my way. The devil got busy and made that young man have a back and forth. Pastor Powell said, I know God protects me, but I still stay with my cat.


So according to the victim, he left the scene. Now I'm gonna tell you what happened. Now I'm gonna tell you what happened. This is just in my mind. Pastor Powell went home and prayed over his pistol. He didn't proceeded to grab his holy hammer, his godly Glock. Then he went back to confront this heathen who don't be tivin and proceeded to pistol whip this man in the name of Jesus. Okay? Divine discipline is what is called now in the Bible, Roman 1219. It says, beloved never avenge yourselves, but leave it to the wrath of God. For it is written, vengeance is mind, I will repay, says the Lord. That's what made Pastor Roy return to the scene of the crime and apologize because he knew in that moment he let the devil use him. But again, I ask, what if heaven was hell and vice versa?


Would you start doing evil in order to nurture? He had to apologize because that's the Christian way. Acknowledge the wrong and express remorse. Gotta ask for forgiveness. After you pistol whip somebody, not just from God, but from others, especially the person you hurt, then you repent. Okay? You gotta make a sincere effort to change and avoid repeating the mistake. But Pastor Roy, 72, if this is true, that wasn't his first pistol whipping and it won't be his last. Especially if y'all don't go to church and give up that 10%. I don't feel like I gave him the credit he deserve for being stupid, but it's because what if heaven was hell and vice versa? Please give Pastor Roy Powell the biggest. He haw.


Y'all better tithe. I know that's right. I do every Sunday. You better? I do. All right, well thank you for that donkey today, sir. Now when we come back, we have a gentleman by the name of Harry O joining us. He's a former artist of Murder, Inc. He has a new book out right now, it's called Beyond Words. It's the Art of Calculated Communication. Now, Harry O, he's from the Bronx. He's used to be signed to I think Uptown Records. Then he was signed to Murder Inc. Now he's a professor and he connects the dots. He has a new book out and we're gonna talk to him next all about it. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy, just hilarious.


Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Law LA is here as well. And we got a special guest in the building. We got the good brother Harold Wilkerson. I don't Think anybody gonna know who that is. They like Harry, old ladies and gentlemen. What's up brother? What's going on Eve? What's going on everyone? Thank you for having me. LL Lauren. What's up? Harry Old got a new book called, it Is Beyond Words, which is outright now. Yes. And you, you talk, you talk about the art of calculated communication. Yes. What is that? Great question. So the art of calculated communication, let me just rewind a little bit for the room. Who may not know, or those who don't know in the room that besides a entertainment executive. I'm also a college professor and I've been teaching communication courses for maybe 12 to 13 years.


But if You, I know that If you gonna go that far, let's go all The way back then. I had no, yeah, I didn't either. You know, Harel was started off as a rapper. Yes. That's how I originally know Harel. He's from High Bridge, he's from the Bronx. He started off as a, as a rapper from there and and was signed to the Inc. Yes. Signed to the Inc. Was a hype man for Ja Rule for many years. And then you stopped rapping and now break it down. Well first of all, how did you meet Irv and everybody and, and, and go through that whole alright, list of Things. Great question. So let me rewind, right? So first I started the entertainment business. I had a deal with Uptown Records first with Andre Harrell and everyone over there, God bless the Dead. My favorite label, ever Favorite, Favorite, right Best for r and b music. All right. So I was maybe like in eighth grade.


So that came, went. Then I was working with Puff for a rap for a while. Whoa. Oh that bad boy. Yeah. Listen, I know my, my guy's going through a lot, but I gotta give him a lot of credit for helping me of where I'm at today. Like I have to give him his credit because I probably wouldn't be here without the image of him. Right? But You can't take away what he did professionally. Professionally and what he and what he did for me and my life personally. He did a lot for me. And I, you know, tell you about if I have time, like he stuck up for me plenty of times when executive tried to blackball me and things like that. Puff found out about it, step in like, you know, you're not doing that to my guy, so I gotta give him his credit. So from there we transitioned quick. I had to deal with Motown, I had to deal with Murder Inc. Right? How Many deals did you Have? Four deals.


Okay. Starting at eighth grade. Starting in eighth grade. Ooh. Starting in eighth grade. Like I've been doing entertainment for a long time. So now fast forward, lemme just tell you as far as me and Ja, I met Ja on the set of a movie called Turn It Up. Don't remember, turn It Up, Right? You're not gonna remember me in in the movie because they edited me out the movie. So you're not gonna remember me. But if you look at the credits, you'll see me in the credits or whatever. So the movie was shot in Canada. So we traveled to Canada, right? I'm there with my, my manager. We're trying to get into Canada. My manager at the time, he gets arrested for some reason he can't get into Canada. You know how that goes. So now I'm just, I'm young, I'm in Canada about to shoot this movie. I'm by myself.


I'm a little nervous. So my trailer is right next to J's trailer. But I would always see Ja in the violator office because we was working with Violator Def Jam, but we never really, you know, knew each other. We saw each other, we passed. So I'm in the trailer, he knocks on my trailer door. So I open up, he go, oh, you signed a Def Jam, you signed a violator. I'm like, nah, my God, my son is, and we doing work over there. He go, man, I hear you here by yourself and your manager got arrested. Listen, anything you need, come to my trailer. If you need weed, if you need Hennessy, if you need anything. Ja has been trying to get me high since I met him. Right, right. But yeah, I don't do any of that. So from there, Ja And I had a connection. That was his first album. Like right before his first album came out, after his album came out, he like blew up and took off.


And you know, my career was gone wherever it was going. But anytime we would see each other, it would like, we would stop everything and give each other love. And then I met Chris Gotti, IRVs brother somewhere in the club. And he knew I did music. He said, listen, why don't you come down to the studio? Went to the studio, started recording records with Irv Records. With Ashanti Records with Ja the next, you know, a brotherhood form where although me and Ja came in through entertainment, that's more my brother. Like that's, that's my guy. And I said before my company, chase Republic, we serve as like an independent agency for him. We close a lot of different deals like I do with you. We'll talk about made a lot of money together. But more importantly, that's that's my brother.


That's my guy. So now, so now you, you, you get outta music and music never takes off. You can look at it that way, right? You tell me, well I had the transition. I always say this, right? Somebody can ask you like, how do you view success? Right? So in your eyes you may say, Harry yo as an artist wasn't successful. And that's fine, you can see it that way. I don't view it that way. I view it as I came into the entertainment business in eighth grade. I made a life out of it. I'm sitting here doing an interview on The Breakfast Club, not a rapper. I'm not a, I always known you as an executive. Like that's how I always looked at Harry as an exec. I never, I never even knew anything about no rapper. Well like The Eve being a dj.


Yeah, it is been plenty of times where like I would have to wait for e outside of the radio station, try to get music played. Like we have that relationship. You And I met later on in life as being an entertainment exec's. Same thing with Lauren. Like you And I met, the first conversation I had with you, it says, listen, I could possibly make some money with you. Right? Yeah. And that's how it went. But e just knows a little bit of the backstory. Got, yeah. So it all depends on how you wanna look at it as far as you're not being successful. But listen, I made a life for it. My daughter, listen, I paid her tuition for entertainment. Do you understand her private school tuition, which we all know is very expensive, all through entertainment. So someone asks, Hey, weren't you weren't successful? I don't know. I wanna say that.


I say I think from pretty well, oh, you Probably about to ask this because then I'm interested to know. So from the artist's perspective then you transition into the executive side because of the relationships and what is that transition? 'cause you started at eight, an executive is an adult making real adult decisions, Right? Well it's, it's two folds to it, right? As I said, I've been a college professor teaching communication courses. Now with communication. I understand the art of connecting with others. Well first connecting with yourself and what we talk about. Once I understood and fully came of who I am a a higher sense of awareness of me, I understood my abilities. I understood how I can build relationships. So I just started to build and form credible relationships with people.


Building trust, but in a strategic way, not in a manipulative way. Just very strategic. And like I can talk a lot about me and Emmy. 'cause Emmy And I made some money together and our relationship built And I was intentional on how we are building our relationship. So what I did was I just merged The World between entertainment and education and made a life. So what is the art of calculated communication and how has that helped you? Okay, navigate through All those different Worlds. So the art of calculated communication, what I would do is this, right? Say with Lauren, for instance, right? I met Lauren at the Brooklyn Nets event. Now I understand it takes more than one encounter for us to start building some type of relationship.


But we have to have that first encounter. It have to be a genuine encounter. It has to be, maybe someone can help build that bridge between you And I. And I use June. June and Me's manager, whoever's listening, I said, June, do me a favor. Let her know. Stamp me. Right? Let her know. So June went to you and said, let Harry, yo, this is my guy. That's all I needed to start building some type of communication with you. In order for Lauren And I to build a relationship, I have to get her to peel back her her layers. I have to try to get to know her. The closer I get to her, the more of a chance I have of doing great business with her. I just can't pick up the phone and say, Hey, I have a bunch of deals for you. She doesn't even know who I am yet. We have to build trust. So I have to get her to peel back less.


I have to ask her questions, but if she never responds, like say, if I say, Hey, as simple as this, Lauren, how was your day today? Great so far besides dealing with Charlemagne. But other than that, listen, I'm the best one of her day As far the today, what are your plans? Tomorrow We have a flight. Wow. Well, not them, but the producers and Stuff. Now check this out. Right? So I would have to work a little bit harder now with Lauren because although I asked her these questions And I know we are on air's a lot going on. I asked her how was her day, right? And she said how her day was. She didn't say, how was yours too? Oh shoot, sorry. So that's I'm, I Was anticipating the next Question.


I know I would, no, it's fine. I'm interested in knowing about her day, but I wanna see how much interest she's holding in me to know about me as well. And sooner or later that will come. This is our, maybe like our second encounter. But if I can't get you to have that exchange with me, I have to work a lot harder and be more strategic and to get you to communicate with me. And if you never do that, it's like, all right, this person doesn't have any interest in building with me In this area. We're still kicking it with Har o. Har O is a professor ex Murder Inc. Artist as well. And how did Irv Gotti's death affect you, bro?


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousins latest overshare, it's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey Fab, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe your fresh outta college just started in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


There's nothing like sinking into luxury. An Bay Sofas combine ultimate comfort and design at an affordable price. Anaba has designed the only fully machine washable sofa from top to bottom. The stain-resistant performance fabric, slip covers, and cloud-like frame duvet can go straight into your wash. Perfect for anyone with kids, pets, or anyone who loves an easy to clean spotless sofa. With a modular design and changeable slip covers, you can customize your sofa to fit any space and style. Whether you need a single chair loveseat or a luxuriously large sectional, Anna Bay has you covered. Visit washable sofas.com to upgrade your home sofas. Start at just $699 and right now you can shop up to 60% off storewide with a 30 day money back guarantee. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Add a little to your life. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


Hey, this is Jenny Garth from, I Do Part Two. Wanna try Ozempic but can't stand needles? You need to try Oral Semaglutide. It has the same active ingredient as Ozempic, but without the painful injections. Get access to Oral Semaglutide right now@futurehealth.com. Join those losing 10 pounds in their first month. Future Health makes it easy and affordable to gain access to weight loss meds like Oral Semaglutide, Ozempic, and Zep Bound for only $3 a day. You don't need insurance or have to go to a doctor's office. Just a quick, easy process all online. Get the best results at the best price with future health. Take the three minute quiz@futurehealth.com. Get approved and start losing weight this week. Visit future health.com. That's future health without the e.com. Future Health Weight loss data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion.


The passing of, I see how it affects me and everyone around. Like I am very, very, very close with Ja. Right on. Irv And I we're really cool, but I'm closer with Ja. It affect me because in this way, no one may not know this outside of his family. Irv is such a family. Family man, right? I have never seen a family as close as his in my life. Wow. I've never seen it. So, and he was like the hero of the family and for, and no disrespect to anyone else in the family that's doing great things, but he was like a hero. And so for the hero to pass and see how that affects the family dynamic, it made me, how it affects me.


It become closer with my family. Like Irv is the type where, listen, if it was holidays, his house is packed with the whole family, not just him and the kids. It's nieces, it's nephews, it's aunts and uncles. It's like 30 people running around his house and it was just a loving, loving, loving family. A lot of people didn't see that side of him. You see Murder Inc. You see the music or you see the problems with the 50 Sand or whatever, so on and so forth. But the guy was an amazing family man. And to watch that and as a father, yeah, it affects me like I want to be closer with my family, the way Irv is with his family. So that's how I would say it. Family. Me, you, you know what's interesting when you talk about the art of communication, like I like the way Irv communicated.


It may have rubbed some people the wrong way, but I like it 'cause it's direct. Like when we talked about how, you know, it was intentional. He wasn't a small talker. It was this is what we doing, this how we doing it, this how I think it should go. Right. I Like that. No, listen. Absolutely. It's something to be admired there. Everyone has different strategies on how they communicate. Irv being direct may work for him with certain people, but I'm quite sure it didn't work with every, it didn't work with everyone. Right. But so it all depends on what your style is. And I was thinking about something. Yeah. Some people don't like small talk and, and that's fine. Like in the book I mentioned a term called farming and hunting.


Those are different ways of nurturing a relationship. When we are cutting a small talk out with I'm hunting, I know exactly what I want. I know what you have. We know we can make that work. But every relation doesn't work like that. Sometimes we have to farm, we have to plant seeds. I don't know where the relationship may go, but I know we can possibly build. So I'm gonna plant seeds. Then we just water the seeds. Water the seeds, and next thing you know, we are eating off the fruit from the seeds. And it's really important. Yes. I'm an entertainment executive. So all we're talking about is how these theories affect in business. It's in your personal life as well. If a young man is trying to get to know a young lady or vice versa, it's ways you go about that.


You have to be intentional. You have to be strategic. Yes. What is your goal by dating this woman That's transaction cut the small talk. It doesn't work like that in your personal life. Right, right, right. You have to farm. Your daughter is seeing someone, the oldest one, they not engaging nothing Like that. No Uhuh. Right? I'm sorry, she's 23. She's 23. Right. But that young gentleman, he had to farm the relationship. Correct. With Madison. Right. He had to farm. It wasn't a transactional hunting relationship. It doesn't work like that. He had to be intentional farm, plant seeds, whatever those seeds are, check up on it, know her birthday, know her dad's birthday, so on and so forth. So farming and hunting are two different ways of building a relationship.


I look at college courses as sometimes outdated. Yes. Right. And that bothers me a lot, especially with my kids, you know, going to college because a lot of things that they want to learn or that they're into, a lot of times these colleges don't necessarily teach. Right. My first major was communications. I left communications and went to business management and marketing. But for me, what I wanted to learn from communications wasn't helping me with what I wanted to do. Right, right. Communications was a lot of reading, a lot of intro, a lot of this, a lot of that. But I wanted to be hands on with, with this, stuff like that. So talk about some of the courses that you think should be in college and some of the things that should be taken out of college. Right. That's a, that's great. 'cause I have no, No disrespect. A lot of the algorithms that I learned in college, I don't use, I've never used.


And if I have to, I have a, a computer that will do it for you. Absolutely. Now it's two parts I'm, I wanna get into now some of the courses that in college, I have to be really careful 'cause I'm still a college professor. Okay. And I don't want the college to be listened right now. So I do believe there should be more entrepreneur courses in college. We are going to need AI courses in college. We are gonna need real estate courses in college. You're gonna need these things in colleges now. I believe certain colleges are doing it. Yes. Ja Rule's son. Shout out to Jordy. He just graduated from SCAD in, in Atlanta. That's Savannah. Savannah, yeah. I'm sorry. Savannah. And he was home for his sister's wedding.


And we were in the kitchen at J'S house and he was saying how all these different courses that he's taken at SC that it was never available to me as a student. So some of the courses that we are talking about e like we've been out, we've been removed from college for a little bit. Some of these colleges are doing that. Mm. Like teaching him how to code. He can build games. He can do all the things that I would never even thought of about art School. I, I know because my daughter been talking about she like that's the what school she looking At. But like, even when JA talks, he's like, listen, I visited the campus And I'm like, I've never seen a school like this. So yeah, I do think we need those particular courses. Now let me just rewind as far as like a communication course. I mentioned in the book, I credit Eddie Murphy to where I, to one of the reasons I'm here today in the movie Boomerang, like Boomerang is one of my favorite movies.


You seem like he was a marketing executive. He garnered so much attention from women. He was smart. He was, he was everything. I'm watching this and this goes back to my representation. I'm watching this movie, I'm like, I want to, I wanna do that. I, I wanna know how to do that. So I was in college at the time. So I went to my, my, my counselor. I said, listen, in this movie, this guy Eddie Murphy played Marcus Grant, he's a marketing executive. How do I get into marketing? She said, well you need to understand what communication is to understand what marketing is. I said, well sign me up for all communication courses. X amount of years later I'm doing marketing strategies for my own company. Mm. So I needed that course. I needed these courses to be able to do what I'm doing now.


Gotcha. Well tell 'em where he could get this book, brother. You can get the book on Amazon, right. If you're listening you could just type in Harold Wilkerson to be typing Harry o. Nothing's gonna come up. I don come up a bunch of y'all, but you homie from death row. Right. And people always make that mistake too. But that's a different story. Yeah. But you can get the book on Amazon and the Search engines just put in It's Beyond Words by Harold Wilkerson and then they'll pop up. So please get the book and one of the lessons I want you to understand and learn like to leave it off, I closed deals with the WNBA And I closed deals with the NBA for going over six, six or seven seasons now.


And it all started for me attending one basketball game. I attended a game and it went from the person who handed me my ticket to go sit on the floor. And through strategic and intentional communication, I started closing deals with the CEO of the New York Liberty, the CEO of the Brooklyn Nets. Like it went from attending. Like how do you attend a game and then fast forward you closing deals with the owners and CEOs of WN Bs and NBAs and you hear all that if you pick up the book. Mm. All right. Harry old ladies and gentlemen pick up the book. It's Beyond Words available now. Yes sir. Appreciate you brother. Thank you. It's Harry O. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight face Off. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. She gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything. She be having the latest on this Lord the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well what's the latest On The Breakfast Club? Talk. Talk to me. Alright y'all, so in wrapping up our BET awards talk, we do gotta talk about the fact that Jess, you mentioned you would love to have seen Ana Andrus a bit more.


Yes ma'am. And the BT awards involved. Right. I was walking into this, the radio show this morning here in LA with someone who said to me the only reason that he even knew about the awards or were how he watched the awards last night was because of Kai Sinat stream. The stream went viral yesterday for a few moments. The biggest moment was one of the big moments was Kaisa Na and Wale having an interaction. Let's take a listen to the original interaction between Kaisa Na and Wale. What up Rusky? You good? What you playing on your Nintendo Switch smash Snap bro, I'll beat you all gang waley. Oh my God, that was somebody crazy. Hey, the whole chat knows him. Wale Wale.


What he do? Rap. Oh, work. You know this like loaded flower barn, so, Oh Shit. Yes. Yeah, so, so, because Kai didn't know who Wale was, that clip started to go insanely viral. So now Kai is in the awards, he's sitting there, Emini here, they running with it. But, but we'll talk later. Wale my guy. But that situation, not that serious. Yeah. I Really just hope he playing. Yeah. You gotta think Kai sitting not as 23, Wale is 40. He probably does not know Wale's music. He does Not. But even if he doesn't know, you know the chat told him and it ain't like he said anything crazy.


No, he Just say, oh, that's somebody who is he? Oh, that son. Oh, alright, Cool. And he may have checked him out after that, you know what I'm saying? But I would be happy that the chat even knew who I was. You know what what I'm saying, you know, get Chad schooled you on who I was. I wouldn't have came back and said anything. And a and age, you know, I guess plays a factor. But do we It does. We, we do realize when it comes to art celebrity, regardless of how big something may seem in your world, everything is niche. Okay. If you think so, if you think everyone in The World knows everybody, then you're bugging. And guess what? I can bring a bunch of screamers in front of Wale who have tens of millions of followers and he wouldn't know most of them either. That's right. So the internet really made this much ado about nothing. But, But like Kai wasn't disrespectful.


He just said he said the wrong name. His name was like, nah, that's why he did flow the slot load. He's like, oh, word our son. That was it. Yes. Yeah. Kai is never disrespectful. Nah, Not at. Right. And if and if, if Wale was going double back, double back and introduce yourself Yeah. To Kai. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like, don't think everybody in The World knows you when you meet someone that you've never met before. Introduce yourself. I've seen Beyonce walk in a room and introduce herself to people. Yep. Yeah. All the time. So, so Beyonce can do that. So can you. Yeah, Absolutely. And just because you meet a person one time, don't mean that they know you. That's right. Walk up to 'em. If that's the first time meeting them, yo, what's up? How are you? You know, my name is such and such. You might Gotta remind me like I met you.


They said, oh, I did meet you that one time behind the state. Ja, How you doing? I'm I'm, I'm DJ doing. I'm just you. How you I'm what else You over Wanna Tell you who I'm Whatever. I don care. I don't care. I don. Yo, I I had one more, one more, one more point from Kai And I stream where he was talking to Kevin Hart Andrus about their involvement in even how they got involved in show in the beginning. Let's take a listen to that. Kai. Listen, I'm gonna go in there. You know what I pulled to get y'all to do this. I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know. Do you know why you're roaming like this?


I don I said I'm, I literally said, I said I'm not hosting. We would not be able to live you this chat. I said I'm not hosting if Kai cannot come back in stream. That's Ws. Ain't lying. Ain't lying. That's W Mens. Alright, I got you. Hey wv man. WV Kev. Hey man. Hey listen t We ain't gonna it up. Yeah. So shout out to Yeah shout out to Kevin Hart for that. And I know I'll tell you one thing too. All you award shows are bugging if you don't pay Kai to not, you know, six figures, high six figures to to live stream your award show from Backstage. Correct. Like whatever money y'all spending on promotion and marketing for a bunch of stuff people don't see you better spend with that demographic.


Absolutely. You better give Kai, you know, high six figures Do it beforehand and during the show like you said so you can promote it. Like he said. That's right. That kid said he didn't know anything about the BET awards until he see me on Kyle. I thought that was crazy. He was like, you here for the awards? They came on. They they came on. I was like it was everywhere. Yesterday was Why did you think that was crazy? Think about all these award shows that we didn't know the I didn't know the AMA was on the night they should had it Highest or Not. What else? What else? It was another award show. I was like, I didn't even know that was on You Shannon Jackson one. What Was that? I think that was Thes ama. She was, yeah it was the AMAs 'cause Yeah. That's crazy. Jackson And I I saw that because wasn't Kai Streaming J the one that JLo opened up with? Yes, that was the Amass American Music Awards. I saw that because of Kai. Kai was streaming that one as well. So yes, you should be paying Kasa about high six figures to scream from backstage and during the award show.


I agree. As, as we wrap up, I know we've been talking a lot about black music and culture. I do wanna say rest in peace to sly stone of the slide in the Family Stone band. You guys will know I'm from this song Everyday People. Let's take a listen And it's a family affair. It's a affair. It's family affair. You go It's a family Affair. Why? I got too many ra rah. Too many. There's too many. Yeah. He passed away in Monday in LA Family dance To music. I want to take you higher.


His family released a statement and said that he passed away peacefully surrounded by his three children, his closest friends and extended family. He was 82 years old. So I wanted to say rest in peace to him as we close all the black music conversation. I Separate, I saw one rest in peace. Somebody said rest in peace to Sly last night. I forgot who it was though. Hmm. On, on the stage. Yes. Did did they say rest in peace to Fat Man Scoop? I was looking for that one last night. I didn't see that one. I don Y'all told me y'all didn't see it. See that saw I did but I don't know. I did. I didn't see that one. They did bring back the Angie Stone. Yeah They did. Angie Stone. I seen Angie Well yes. Yep. And shout out to Raven for doing that. She actually sung with she, she gave the tribute to Angie Stone.


Angie Right. An Raven is from Baltimore too man. So yeah, that's What's up. Beautiful. Talked to her backstage and she said you know she's proud of her Baltimore girl. Absolutely over there on The Breakfast Club. Always. She wanted to send that love to you. Appreciate You Raven. Alright, well that is the latest with Lauren. Now when we come back we got the people's choice when you coming back. Right. As soon as I get outta here, I wanna go home. And that's crazy because you gotta come right back and fly right into court. That's Right. You, you going straight to Diddy court right today? No, I took You back because tomorrow Though. Okay. Making Sure you gotta go to court tomorrow. That baby needs some Sleep. All right, well People's Choice mixes up next. We gonna start off with some Snoop. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Your Chicken out The Breakfast Club Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy.


Jess. Hilarious Charlemagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a salute to Amanda Serrano for joining us. She fights on July 11th. She's fighting Katie Taylor for the third time. So salute to her for coming up here. Yes indeed. Man. Make sure you check that fight out on July 11th. If you saw that fight, that was the fight that was on the undercard of the Mike Tyson. Jake Paul fight. That was the best fight on the card. 'cause Mike Tyson, Jake Paul was trash. Them girls was banging crazy. Emini here. Bloody like, bloody, bloody. I ain't talking about periods either. I'm talking about like getting it in. Bang, bang, bang. Absolutely. So make sure you check them out on July 11th. Yep. And also salute to Harry O for joining us uptown. Harry O used to be signed to Murder Inc. Has a new book. He's a professor right now. So we kicked it with him, had great conversation.


So definitely check out our YouTube page to check that out. It's time to get up outta here. You got something coming up? Absolutely. This Friday and Saturday, your girl will be in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania at the improv homestead, pa. Make sure you come out. The shows are almost sold out. We got two shows this Friday. Two shows this Saturday. Desi And I will be at the improv. Like I said, get your tickets at Jess. Hilarious. Jess Hilarious official.com. Next weekend. I'm in Buffalo, right up the street y'all. So get your tickets. That's also a Friday and the Saturday. Meet me at Helium Comedy Club. Get your tickets for that at Jess Hilarious official.com. Can't wait to see y'all. Buffalo And then this Monday. All right, we coming up on Father's Day Sunday. Sunday. But Monday, June 16th, the More Love Foundation presents.


Dads on the green. We having an event at Topgolf in Baltimore City where we'll be honoring 50 fathers. So make sure you come out, man. And that's the early enough happy hour while the kids is in school. Dads can come and fellowship, learn about credit and financial literacy. Shout out to Fulton Bank. They'll also be there. We're gonna have a vibes, food Drinks give away and good music y'all. So we'll see y'all Monday, June 16th. Dads meet us on the green. All right, now Sherman, you got a positive note. We do have the positive note man. And I feel like somebody out there needs to hear this today. Please remember you may have absolutely no control over what happens to you, but you can control how you respond. If you choose the right attitude, you can rise above Whatever challenges you may face today.


Have a blessed, blessed Day Breakfast Club Bitches. Y'all finish or y'all Done


Time for a sofa upgrade. Introducing an base Sofas where Designer Style meets budget friendly prices. Anaba brings you the ultimate and furniture innovation with a modular design that allows you to rearrange your space effortlessly perfect for both small and large spaces. An Bay is the only machine washable sofa inside and out. Say goodbye to stains and messes with liquid and stain resistant fabrics that make cleaning easy Liquid. Simply slide right off designed for custom comfort. Our high resilience foam lets you choose between a sink and feel or a supportive memory foam blend. Plus our pet friendly, stain resistant fabrics. Ensure your sofa stays beautiful for years. Don't compromise quality for price. Visit washable sofas.com to upgrade your living space today. Sofas start at just $699 with no risk returns and a 30 day money back guarantee. Get up to 60% off plus free shipping and free returns. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


Hey, This is Jenny Garth from I Do Part Two. Wanna try Ozempic but can't stand Needles? You need to try Oral Semaglutide. It has the same active ingredient as Ozempic, but without the painful injections. Get access to Oral Semaglutide right now@futurehealth.com. Join those losing 10 pounds in their first month. Future Health makes it easy and affordable to gain access to weight loss meds like Oral Semaglutide, Ozempic and Zep Bound for only $3 a day. You don't need insurance or have to go to a doctor's office. Just a quick, easy process All online, get the best results at the best price with Future Health. Take the three minute quiz@futurehealth.com. Get approved and start losing weight this week. Visit future health.com. That's future health without the e.com. Future Health weight loss Data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion.


Does friendly have a taste? If it does, it's probably like hello's, peppermint flavored anti plaque and whitening toothpaste. Brush away plaque. Show tartar who's boss and remove surface stains to naturally whiten. Hello, thoughtful and flavor forward. Products Make brushing your teeth. Feel like a confetti filled bathroom dance party. So say hello to hello with the always cruelty free never tested on animals toothpaste that's made to spread smiles. Visit hello products.com and let hello add some everyday yay into your life.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co. Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.