
This is an iHeartPodcasts. American Public University is the number one provider of education to our military and veterans in the country. They offer something truly unique, special rates and grants for the entire family making education affordable, not just for those who serve, but also for their loved ones. If you have a military, a veteran family member, and are looking for affordable, high quality education, APU U is the place for you. Visit apu.aps.edu/military to learn more. That's apu.apus.edu/military Meetings. Deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing mass and seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light.


It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional Features. Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that. Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there.


Find out more at State Farm dot com. The Best kind of help is the kind you don't even have to ask for, like your friend pulling up on you on moving day with a truck. A speaker and snacks ready to go. Well, that's the energy you get with at t's new guarantee. If there's ever a network interruption, they make it right by giving you a credit For a full day of service, proactively credit for five, a downtime lasting 20 minutes or more. Or wireless downtime, lasting 60 minutes or more caused by a single incident impacting 10 or more towers. Restrictions and exclusions apply. See att.com/guarantee for full details. At and t connecting changes everything.


Good Morning, us a Yo yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Just Hilarious. Wait till it stop. Charlemagne. The God Peace to the Planet is Thursday. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and highly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What's happening? That's right though. Lemme let, is almost here. Dammit. Yes. It's Thursday. Where at that envy? I'm still at dance. I come back today. Yesterday was their last performance. No, actually today is their last performance. They do this opening number where they have all the big awards and sometimes your kids are invited to do the opening number where they learn an actual dance right then and there and they have to perform it.


So that is this afternoon. And then I will be back on my way home and nationals is officially over for me. That's What's up. That's What's what's up man. Ain't anybody got no lighter. All these weed smokers in here. My light not working. Just that one. I know. It's at the bottom of my first. We we went at the weed. Man, I like this candle, man. Gotta set the mood. This candle done right. I was gonna say, there ain't even no more candle in there. Ain't no Wax. I got plenty of 'em over there. You see? You see we loaded. We loaded. Man, you, we loaded. How y'all feel out there? I feel good man. There's good. The holidays about to come. Yes. You got your shorts on, baby. He got on these apricot shorts. I do. That was an apricot short Emini here. The color apricot. Yeah. I thought it was just yellow. Apricot. Oh yeah. Yellow Is not yellow. No. Lemme say It's yellow. No, that's like egg custard.


I don't know what the hell you talking about. Egg. Egg Custard. Oh, egg. Oh, egg. Egg Custody. Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Egg custody. Don't Play with me. I was like, what? You said air custody said This is the egg accent. I don maybe you know something. I don't know. It could be Baltimore. What's egg custody? Why do we have on socks with the slides done in Shorts? What you want me to have my feet out? Because you know, yesterday I got a manicure. I didn't get a pedicure yesterday. I didn't need one, but I got a manicure. Yeah, because I had a split nail. You ever had your nail? You see how you know the nail? Like the actual nail was split? Yes. At the top. Yeah. I Had, I had that yesterday. It's so interesting watching nail tech put it back together because you know your nail be split, but then when you watch them do the gel and the glue and everything, it's really a science too. I know that's right, Joe. So you got a gel Manny On this one finger.


Oh, Okay. That's The right thing too. Okay. Yo, just when I say Charlemagne is always in the nail shop and they love him. When Charlemagne walks in, they be like, oh man, is it, they love, They don't say little man, they say little nah little man is here. You know, they all Asian. So they, and they got the accent. But the reality of the situation is people love me everywhere I go. Yeah, they did. They do. They do. Because you actually have conversations with them. I talk to them, I wanna see what's going on. Y'all go in there. Don't even look at the people in the eye when y'all talk to 'em. Oh no. My daughter Tell 'em what to do, wife. And they be so excited. They'd be like, Charlamagne came in today. I'd be like, how many? How many times does Charlamagne go to the damn nails? Or they don't even call me Charlamagne.


They, Because they listen. They think that we don't know that they talking about us. Sometimes they, and they talk about you with a smile. How aint gonna get they going? I be like, Uhuh. No. What she, what she say? Uhuh. Well, that's why you should have conversations with them. How If I don't understand Babe, they Speak English too. They They Speak English. I know, but then it is the English part. They only then they'll turn their head over and be like, I ain't gonna lay. They only do that when you ask stink with them. I don't, I never do. I be trying to make jokes. Maybe they be saying that joke was bad or something. I don't know. Damn. Oh my. Well let's get this show popping who we got joining us this morning. Joy Taylor, the co-host of us speak on FS one and she's got her podcast, the two personal podcast that's out right now. Season two's already started. So Joy will be here to talk to us this morning.


Nice. All right. And then we got front page news. She'll be breaking down everything that's happening, so don't go anywhere. We'll be back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJNV. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Start off some quick sports. First round of the NBA draft was last night and as expected Cooper Flagg was picked number one by the Mavericks. Of course he is leaving Duke, so Congrat, congrats to him. Big night for white Africans. Man, you know what? Emini here dropping the co bombs for all the white Africans out there. Nice. Cooper, Cooper flag. You know his actual name is Cooper. KUPA. Cooper Flag went number one. Oh, okay. Yes, that is, That is not true. His name is Cooper, C-O-P-E-R.


His original from Nigeria. His family's from Nigeria. He's a white African Cooper flag. Why You keep saying that? The Spurs be, the Spurs picked up Dylan Harper seventies pick Sixers picked up VJ Edgecomb. I don none of these people this name. It sound like you naming the Double XL freshman list. Okay, I know. Cooper Flag. That's it. What else we got Morgan? Hey y'all. Hey. Well it feels good to be back. And how y'all feeling on a Thursday? Let's Favorite. Let me shout out Mimi for holding it down for me yesterday. I really appreciate it. But let's get into some front page news. Okay, so President Trump is back at the White House after attending the NATO summit in the Netherlands. Now Trump doubled down on his claims that Iran's nuclear program has been destroyed after US airstrikes and said it was a total obliteration.


Now, Trump has been pushing back against multiple reports that say early Pentagon Intelligence suggested Iran's nuclear program was only set back monks. Now, the president also claims Iran was not able to move nuclear materials before the strikes happen. Trump went on to say he doesn't see Iran getting involved in the nuclear business anymore. And he doesn't seem to care whether there is an agreement with Iran or not. Let's take a listen to his comments. We want no nuclear, but we, we destroyed the nuclear. In other words, that's destroyed. I said Iran will not have nuclear. Well, we blew it up. It's blown up to me. I don't think it's that necessary. Emini here, they had a war, they fought, now they're going back to their world.


I don't care if I have an agreement or not. Yeah. So elsewhere at the NATO summit, president Trump says he spoke with Ukrainian President Zelensky as they continue working towards ending their issues with Russia, their war with Russia. And he went on to say a ceasefire was not discussed between him and Zelensky. Let's take a listen to those comments on why Vladimir Putin has been more difficult. Frankly, I had some problems with Zelensky. You may have read about him. And it's been more difficult than other wars. So Trump went on to say he will be speaking with Russian president Vladimir Putin soon. And the president said he had a nice conversation with Zelensky and believes that the Ukrainian leader does want to end the war as soon as possible.


It's not like he asked for it anyway. I would Think he would still need an agreement though, because Emini here, if they're not sure that they got rid of what the uranium that can still make the weapons. Right. And if the program has only been set back a few months, you would think that you would still want an agreement. Unless you just are letting them know I don't need an agreement. 'cause even if y'all start again, I'm gonna just drop another bomb on y'all. I kind of, okay. And that's just my sentiment. On a personal note, I feel like that's the sentiment, Charlamagne is that, you know, he's probably upset with Israel and the way that things went with the strikes. So Emini Here, Iran, you mean Both. Okay. He expressed that he's upset with both. Yeah. So in that it's kind of like, well, you know, I don't feel like I might need a, a a, an agreement because at this point it could be like all bets are off.


You know, you make an agreement and you see what people are doing with it, so Oh, got you, Got you. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So today, secretary of Defense, Pete Heep, he is set to hold a press conference this morning at 8:00 AM President Trump took to truth social to say the major news conference will be, will defend BT B two bomber pilots dignity after a leak suggested the pilots attack on Iranian nuclear sites were not as serious as mentioned. Now, Trump went on to say it will be both interesting and irrefutable. Hegseth claims news outlets are reporting a leaked analysis in an attempt to smear President Trump, white House press secretary Caroline Levitt pushed back on reports saying Iran's nuclear program has been delayed but not destroyed.


She said there's, there are more unseen reports that show Iran's nuke sites are buried under mountains of rubble. And of course all of this is as a result. As a result of this, the Trump administration says it will limit the sharing of classified information with Congress. So lawmakers are also expected to be briefed today. The Senate receives a classified briefing today with the House set to follow on Friday. But didn't That intelligence come from the Trump administration? Didn't, didn't the Trump administration tell us they weren't sure if they got rid of the facilities? They are, they are denying that they are saying that the f the facilities, they are doubling down. They are saying Inten tos on it's destroyed, it's obliterated, it's done.


Whereas there seems to be a leak and Congress doesn't. Well there are members of Congress who don't think it came from Congress, but there does appear to be a leak in some of that intelligence and they're trying to figure out who leaked that information. So it's done clear as to who leaked that early intelligence information as to, you know, the, the status of those nuclear sites. Right. But yeah. Well, we'll I'll continue to keep you guys posted as to what takes place or what develops regarding that. So y'all stick around more front page news at seven. Alright and everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open again, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1.


Get it off your chest. Call us up right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Calling 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Yo, what's going on? This is Malik from Brooklyn. What's up? What up? Get it off your chest brother Going install me envy. Miss, miss Jess, How you doing? Doing well. I wanna say all God is good man. I just won a long custody battle for my daughter, my 1-year-old Melody. Congratulations. Congratulations brother. How you feel? Yeah, I to tell man.


I feel amazing man. I wanna tell all the single fathers out there man. Stay in a fight. It's going get rid later, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Hey look, Quick question for y'all. You still gonna let her be around the mom though, right? Yeah, for sure. For sure, for sure. I'm not one of them. I actually could have her on child support but I ain't gonna be that nasty with it or Yeah. I wanna know, can I put my cash up out there right quick? Go Ahead brother. You better. You gonna need it? Okay look, it's rich Fatherhood one Rich fatherhood one. Make sure the one behind it. Appreciate y'all. Appreciate you brother. Good luck brother. Congratulations again man. Yep, yep. Hello. Who's this? Hello? Hey, what's up brother? Getting off your chest? Yeah, hold on, hold on man, you, I don wanna get off my chest.


Jim Jones's gotta be the biggest Bo of New York City. Okay. Where you calling from? New York. I'm calling from the bs. Okay. The reason why I say Jim Jones's the biggest bozo because he's 48 years old and he's talking about going viral. Leave that for the young boy. Now's got a legacy you weren't about Go on, now's got a legacy. It is interesting. But you know, Jim is doing all of this just for Emini here, just for the viralness of it all. He said that, that's What he said. Absolutely. He said that. Listen, I have no problem with that, but that's what his young boys, you know, he's 48, you know, he didn't grow up and you know, and speaks a little something different. You know, navs got a legacy, you know, he can't do that. I tell you now know some I Oh, go ahead Jim. I was gonna say now, you know, people listening be like, it's kind of crazy.


The first thing you did when you woke up at six o'clock in the morning is called The Breakfast Club about Jim Jones when there's so many other things going on in The World. Yeah, No, absolutely not because I just seen, I not, because I just seen the asshole interview that is not that Jim Jones did. Oh yeah, I saw, I saw Theso in Heineken. Well I saw the clip from Esso in Heineken. Yeah, I saw the clip too. That's back. You're absolutely right. You know, you got other things going on in The World. But It, it is interesting Though, right? You know, I'm in New York City and I'm worried about the mayor race too, you know, let's go man. It, it is interesting though 'cause Emini here, Jim does have the right to his opinion, but here's the thing about your opinion. People have the right to disagree with your opinion too. So clearly Of course a lot of people disagree with his Absolutely. Yes. Absolutely Disagree with his opinion. Yeah, Absolutely.


Absolutely. I'm just saying, you know, sometimes you don't, you know, slow your road, you know, that's all. Alright brother, have a good one. Alright, You too. Hey Justin. Lauren, keep doing your thing. I love y'all beautiful ladies. Thank You so much. Alright brother. I don't even know where that conversation started from. It's just, it's just a weird conversation to compare Nas and Jim Jones. It just doesn't even make sense to Me. I will say though, what's so interesting, you know, it makes you go do some real research because I was like, damn, maybe I'm missing something Emini here just, just off my, you know, culturally and just as a rapper, you know, NAS is is light years ahead of Jim, but I just was like, let me go see what's going on stat wise. He'll make you feel like that. Yeah, but it's still not even close. Damn. Not even close stat wise. I, I even looked up who's been after Jim said that yesterday?


I literally went to go look up who's more searched on the internet? Jim Jones and Nas. And it's Nas by a long shot. God damn. Now you know how people can look and see who's searching for artists. Yeah, yeah. It is Nas by a long shot. Like you can act, there's metrics for this people. Yeah, of course. And NA's catalog is is dumb. No. Yeah, even the streams like, like I think on Spotify, NAS does like 10 million a month or something like that. Jim is in the hundreds of thousands. Like I'm just saying like Emini here And I, And I like Jim, I think Jim's music is dope but you know when you start talking like that about somebody like Nas, I just gotta go see for myself. Yeah, right. Yeah. Well get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


The Breakfast Club. Ray, Ray. Ray, yo, Charla, man. Envy. What up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I Got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We want hear from you on The Breakfast Club. We can get on the phone right now here and tell you what it's, we lie. Hello? Who's this Good Morning Breakfast Club. It's Ja J From end day. Hey, hey, Hey. Good morning Chris. Charlemagne. We got beef. Why? We got beef? You know it. Lemme tell you why, why you was gone. They had a guest come up there that was a witch doctor. It's Jeff's fault. It was some dude named Dr. Thomas. He came on here and, and said if you work out for one day a week, you ain't gotta work out no more this week Dr. Chuck. And I know you wouldn't have tolerated that.


Dr. Morris Charlamagne. It's your fault. Yeah, something. It's your fault. Charla. Why you call Him a witch doctor though? Well he Is, he is not a witch doctor. Witch, witch salute to Dr. Chuck Morris. He has this machine or device that if you work out one day a week for about 30 minutes a day, it's the same as working out for five days now. I tried it. Jess has been doing it. So after about four weeks, I'll let you know how it is. It's very Effective. It's how $58,000 and it's $150 for 10 seconds and $600 for a membership. So Charlamagne, if you was here they wouldn't have did it. So I'm screaming you from home. What? I was going to him before. Just been going for him for about three weeks, four weeks now.


And Charlamagne don't be controlling what I Doing. I did say the other day just looked diesel. I I did say that. I don't know why did I randomly just Did you know why? Because you saw the muscles? Yeah. Yeah you do. Look Diesel. Not today. It could be steroids. No, I'm definitely not taking no damn Steroids. Boy, why you said like that? Yo, you've done harder drugs. Yeah, I have, but I'm not taking steroids. For what? Hello? Who's this? Yes, this is Hi Jesus. I I had a suggestion of why don't hear this album called Studying the Greatest Hits And Rubber. Got a little stutter You DJing this morning.


Let's got a little stutter. Let's go ahead brother. Oh yeah. Anyway, you hear the two songs I recommend is where did the feeling go and dreaming of you? Where Did the Feeling go? Are you saying you A rapper? No, he's he's requesting a song. Oh, no, No, no, no. Oh, I'm, I'm Just say a A listener. A listener. I like that. You wanna hear A song? He just requested two of 'em. Now you're confusing the man now. Yeah, man. Which soon Pick. Okay, the the best one I recommend is Selena. Selena Go, where did the feeling go? Yes, Selena. Okay, what's the other one? Dreaming of you. Who sings that? Sel. Selena. Oh, Selena. Selena. Where did the feeling go in Selena dreaming of you Classic records right there.


My brother. Yes sir. Selena, she, she's the one that passed away back in 1995. Yes. I, let's all disrespect me. Okay. And by the way N be better know that 'cause he Dominican. Lemme Tell you, I'm not Dominican nor I'm my Latino. I had no idea the other songs he was talking about. I bet you can, I bet you can sing those songs without stuttering, can't you? That's the beauty of music and the power of music. Oh yeah, yeah. Yes, yes. And by the way, what, where did the feeling go? It's, it's a good, it's a good song. It's like a whip survive. We listen. I'm with you brother. Yeah, I know them records. I know Selena, where did you feeling and go. I love that. All alone. Nothing to do is lonely here without you. Okay. The candlelight is Burning low. Anybody can up up Songs on the Radio. Definitely Has genius Up.


He has genius on on Sel movie with J-Lo. That's a classic. You better know he Talking about the movie sweetie. He's talking about the actual catalog of Selena. And you Don't think those songs are in the movie? No. All He pulls Up the genius just they are whatcha talking about? What are they, what are they talking about? Shut Up. That like say Tina Turner got what Love got to do with it. No She does but not all Tina Turner hits are in the movie. But those are classics though. Like those are two. Those are two. Like any Emini here, you know, I ain't gonna say casual s but just casuals Sing it. Gimme a nice no no, no you said its It. The candlelight on the radio. What is it? The start the burning low. The candlelight on the radio. He is reading Genius Jess, come on. Definitely Reading. Why Listen, don't get mad at me 'cause you Dominican and you don't know about joke culture.


I'm not And you Mexican and don't know nothing about yours. No, No, no. I'm married into the Mexicans. Don't play with Me like that. I'm not Dominican at all. But get it off your, get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got the latest with Lauren coming up. We do back in court yesterday and we got some clarification on these charges that were not dropped against Sean did he comb nice. So we gonna break it all down. Alright, we'll get to that next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's EJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight Baby. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody some, well She gets the details.


I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything And she be having the latest on this Lord The latest with Lauren la. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What's The latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk, talk To me Me. Alright. All right. So Diddy's charge there have call Diddy is being charged with sex trafficking, racketeering and transportation to engage in prostitution. Now those charges were not affected yesterday by that letter that was sent by the prosecution to the judge. But now what will happen is the jury will have fewer predicates or theories that they have to consider when they're during deliberations. So there were no actual charges dropped against Sean Diddy Combs.


But theories to think on as you're figuring out what you want to do or decide we're backed away from. And that is what we spent hours in court going through yesterday. How the jury is going to be instructed to think on everything that they've seen. All 34 witness testimony. Yeah, I had no idea what any of that meant. Chester, that's why I'm glad I got attorney friends because I had to ask one simple question yesterday. What does streamline the instructions that will be issued to jurors mean? Yes. And they mean that you just took away a couple of the predicates. So it was the arson and the kidnapping, right? It Was the arson, the attempted kidnapping and the Aiden and abetting the sex trafficking because the sex trafficking there a couple different elements there and they didn't even go into what exact theory under that they wanna move away from, but they did mention that.


But, and It's crazy, right? 'cause they, they, they say they withdrawn, but it's like you're literally just asking the jury not to consider 'em. But the jury can't unhear what they heard. Yo. And and the theories that they had for the arson was the Kid Cudi car situation and the, and then the attempted kidnapping specifically they mentioned when Capor Clark said that she was taken or alleged she was taken for this lie detector test and held against her will. And then when Cassie said that she was alleged she was held at the London Hotel. We've heard these stories so many times from so many different people, so many different ways. It's like, how do you unhear that? Yeah. How can you be a juror sitting there, hear Capricorn clock say that, hear Cassie say that and then not consider it. Yeah. Yeah. That don't make sense. I don't know how that, I really don't know how that works.


And I think, not think, but when Diddy's attorney Shapiro was arguing for that acquittal Emini here, if I'm a judge and I'm, I'm not, but if I had to make a decision, I would only say that it's kind of fair that they don't even have to think about those even charge wise when it comes to certain things and you drop certain things because you can't unhear all that stuff. It it's in your mind now. Yeah, but that's what the instructions are for. And yesterday we were in court supposed to start at 12, then it got pushed to two, then it got pushed to three and we were in the court and at three o'clock they told us that they wanted 30 more minutes. And then Diddy said, no, we need 45 more minutes. So then it got pushed at 3 45. So around four o'clock court started. We didn't leave there until like, man, it was probably like 6 30, 7 o'clock.


For What? Because they go through, there was like 66, 70 pages of different instructions that the jury will be giving on how they're supposed to go through their deliberations. You go through, it's every count they, they're literally going word for word line for line and they battling it out with this. So was this part Boring? Oh it was, it was boring. It did get a little spicy though, I'm not gonna lie. At the end of it, it got a little spicy. Woke us all up. They started arguing about commercial sexual acts and how they will be defined in this instruction. Diddy scene was arguing like, well y'all have been saying this whole time that a commercial sexual act is something that is a completed act. So you actually got to do the thing. But now your instruction, you're like, you mean Like completion?


Like the whole, like the ejaculation, All of that. Like you actually physically engaged in something and then you got to that point. But now what, according to what was written in the instructions Diddy team is like, you guys, y'all moving the goal post because now y'all saying it doesn't have to be a completed act. But that y'all done set this whole case up on completed acts and Shapiro started going off. She was naming or or listing things that they've said in their opening statement. She was going on to the point where even the judge and he don't get flustered, he was like, yo, I need a 10 minute break. We'll be Back. The judge needed a Break. Yo it because it was, they were going at it, she was very upset. They were Diddy's attorneys yesterday did a great job of like, they're protecting their client to the point where they wanna make sure everything is very distinctly defined.


Because if anything is vague, it's almost like the government can, we might not have everything on it, but like, we got you there. So boom, it's it's our win. And they're like, Nope, not happening. So the moral of the story is he's still charged with sex trafficking, racketeering and transportation to engage in prostitution. But this, they now they have fewer predicates to consider during deliberation. Yes, that is exactly it. So that means, So none of the charges would drop, like everybody was saying yesterday. No. So that means he'll probably be found not guilty on the Rico, but probably guilty of the sex trafficking and engaging in prostitution. That's what it sounds Like. I feel like that's what, yeah, if, if I'm having a guess. What is His demeanor? What was he like yesterday? Oh, he was, what worried does he look in the beginning he was just very involved.


Like I told y'all, he's the one who asked for the additional 15 minutes that start at 3 45. He was sitting in his chair, he had a earpiece in his ear, like almost like the AirPod. But then once he, they were getting through it, he's nodding as things are happening and jewelry's not in the room. So he could do so. But then he would, there was a moment where he was talking to his kids and, And I was like, man, the, the regular diddy came out and so he was very at ease. But he's talking to his kids and he's like low key kind of giving them like love, it's like motivation a little bit like, but letting 'em know that he loved them, he appreciated them being there. And yeah, he seemed to really at ease yesterday as I guess as much as he can be. But he is very, very involved. Like extremely involved. The pictures When people are sketching. Do he look like That?


Yeah, he very much, very much a lot of gray salt and pepper vibes. He, he looks like a man that no shade to Kohl's. But he very much looks like a man that shops at Kohl's with crew. Neck sweater, Kohls. Not saying no shade. No shade. I have nothing. No issue with Cole. He looks like a man that shop at Cole. What that supposed to? What's wrong with y'all? HZ Coles. Wow. Y'all know what I'm saying? LaRosa don't do me. 'cause I got on Zara h and m right now And I proudly wear mine. But what Emini here, A guy from Kohl. What I'm, no, what I'm saying is that people Balancing work, family and education isn't easy but American Public University makes it possible with online courses, monthly start dates and flexible schedules. A PU is designed for busy professionals who need education that fits their lives.


And affordability matters too. A PU offers the opportunity grant giving students 10% off undergraduate and master's level tuition, helping you reach your goals without breaking the bank. Plus they provide career services and 24 7 mental health support at no extra cost. Visit apu.apus.edu to learn more. That's apu.apus.edu. There's something special About folks who come through without being asked, like your coworker surprising you with your favorite coffee just because or your friend handing you the aux cord the moment you get in the car. No debate, no fight, just positive vibes that kind of love. It just hits different. And that's exactly the energy at and t is on with their new guarantee. If there's ever a network interruption, at and t will proactively credit you for a full day of service.


No calls, no emails, no jumping through hoops. It's just handled. It's like the universe saying, I got you, except this time it's not the stars aligning. It's your network. And let's be real. That connection is everything. Whether you're who down the group chat, checking in on your parents, scrolling, TikTok, your network's gotta come through. And if there's a problem, at and t is on the case. No stress, no drama, just real backup when it counts. Credit for fiber, downtime, lasting 20 minutes or more, or wireless downtime lasting 60 minutes or more, or caused by a single incident impacting 10 or more towers. Restrictions and exclusions apply. See at.com/guarantee for full details. At and t connecting changes everything. Who loves getting a great deal?


Everybody right? Well it's that time of year when it's super easy to find great deals on all sorts of amazing things. That's right. Amazon Prime Day is coming four days of unbelievable bargains from July 8th to the 11th and just like every year there are deals in pretty much every category you can think of. I like reading. So I order a lot of books off Amazon. They're always sent to me in a very prompt manner and they always have discounts. So if you've been looking for a good read or you've been wanting to spruce up the house, prime Day will have what you need. Looking for power tools. Prime Day has you covered. If you wanna get some toys for the kids prime day, there are just so many deals that whatever you're into, you'll find it and save big. So if you've been thinking about grabbing something, anything, this is the time to do it. And Prime Day lasts four days this year.


So that's more chances to save on everything you're looking for. Four days of deals on everything from clothes to appliances to just everything the countdown is on. It's almost here. Shop Prime day July 8th to the 11th. The first two months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's the good news, you don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches your day Brightens.


Hmm. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bose premium sound system, you two can vibe like it's your own private concert. Plus with the 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic, chill or straight up on do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features. People think that Diddy is coming in their tailored suit, Balenciaga suit, like they think they're, look, they're imagining Diddy take that, take that. But can, No we not, we sketches, Right?


People still ask me every day, what is he wearing? Is he really coming in court like that? Are those sketches real? And I'm like, yes, he's don't miss Your blessing and looks regular guy. That man that you looking to walk you down the aisle is probably right. Nine in coal by a fire. God, y'all wanna be me so bad. This is Crazy. Burlington Coat Factory. Those would say that S that That was wild. Usually On trial here Diddy or me, what is happening You foul. I got H&m right now And I shit that. Why You single shade. That was wild. I'm How you know? How you know what I why you single Vy?


How you know what I got going on? All Them brothers from Coles trying to holler at you. You Lauren ain't single. I got a video but listen, what? Lauren shot a crazy stray. What Crazy spray to Cole's just now. What is Happening over here? Justin, this is baby in jail. Better Change the subject. Well That is the latest with Lauren and Simone. With Simone Coles. Don't do that. Don't. Now I know a lot of places you be not I be Uhuh Where she be. Who was she with? She was I envy. Envy. She was with I Girl Envy. What Emini Here. You want me to rap now? Clearing up. You want me to rap Now? Lauren? What up? I don't know nothing. Yes, I want you to rap.


Alright, That was the latest with Lauren. Now when we come back we got four page news. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, wake Up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Rocket Mortgage is lowering down payments to 1% for eligible home buyers with one plus. You heard that right? 1% down on a home with one plus from Rocket Mortgage. Learn more today at 804 Rocket or rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage. LLC licensed in 50 states N mls consumer access.org. Hashtag 30 30 Morning everybody. It's DEJ nv. Just hilarious. Charlemagne ne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Now, the NBA draft was last night from Duke.


Cooper Flag was picked by Mavericks, the first pick of the Night. The Dallas Mavericks leu, all the white Africans out there. Man, we do not give the white Africans the credit they deserve. They came over here a couple of months ago and they had some good few months. You know, Cooper flag went number one last night in the NBA draft. And I don't know why we not respecting that. That's your white African brother Cooper Flag. Cooper. KUPA. Why you Keep saying that? He is from Maine. That is So He's from, he's a white African. He from Maine? Yes, he's a white African. Explain why that white boy can play basketball the way he can then. I don't, He's not put him Africa like this. He's white African. His name is Cooper Flagg. All his family is from Nigeria. That is okay.


Alright. People don't believe you, you, right. So if he African come, you can be like, nice to meet you. Cooper. Yes. Yo, a idiot. What's up Morgan? Hey Y Hey. All right. So listen in a black Information Network exclusive, I spoke with Asha Castleberry Hernandez. She's a seasoned US Army veteran, national security strategist and a foreign policy expert who has served in the Middle East and advised on international security at the highest levels. And it doesn't hurt that she's black. So, you know, we wanna get some perspectives from somebody who's been there that look like us, right? She wrote the book on why National Security Matters. And in our conversation she encouraged Americans. You know, we spoke about the tensions in the Middle East and what was going on and how it impacts us here at home.


And in that conversation she encouraged Americans to change how we look at presidential candidates going forward and the way we, and the way they deal with foreign affairs. You know, so many times we look and think about what they can do for us here domestically without considering the bigger picture, which when they represent us on a world stage prior to us voting for them a stick, listen to her comments from that interview. It's not just about domestic policy, it's also about foreign policy. And we're, we are experiencing that right now, as far as a hard lesson of, oh yes, when I want to vote for Kamala Harris or, or President Trump. I, I, yeah, I had to take that into account, not just abortion, but also how do they manage their troops?


How do they work with our allies and partners? How do they, how do they represent themselves globally, especially at international institutions? There's more to it when it comes to the presidency, not just all solely about domestic issues. And we need to break outta that single issue voting behavior that's not working out when it comes to the presidency. Just a little word, a little word, but you could catch more of that interview this Sunday, 9:00 AM and 9:00 PM on the black information networks, black perspective bi news.com. You better give the exclusives girl. Thank you. Meanwhile, president Trump is trying to get his big beautiful bill over the finish line. He's scheduled for an event for the spending bill today at the White House at 4:00 PM The measure passed the house and now sits in the Senate where Republicans can only afford to lose three votes.


Democrats say the bill cuts Medicaid and other social safety nets by billions of dollars. Republicans say they are much needed reforms to the programs that will cut the deficit. Of course, that deadline that they're trying to get that bill on his desk is July 4th. In other news, democratic Congresswoman Lamonica MacGyver of New Jersey is pleading not guilty to three federal assault charges. Those charges stem from MacGyver's inspection visit last month to Delaney Hall, which is an ice detention center in Newark, New Jersey in the district that she represents. Now there was a rowdy protest going on outside and the feds are accusing the congresswoman of assaulting ice agents charges.


Could mean eight years in prison if convicted outside the Newark Courthouse. On yesterday, MacGyver told reporters, she's certain she'll be vindicated. She was also joined by Newark Mayor RAs Baraka, who was also arrested at that same protest. But his charges were later dropped. Let's take a listen to their comments, MacGyver and Baraka. But we look forward to the next time in court. We're gonna take this all the way through. They know they're wrong and we're gonna prove them on, 'cause the facts are on our side. These People have no, no grounds to arrest the congresswoman, if you look at the video, she will be vindicated. So the Congresswoman's trial is tentatively set for early November, and she is being represented by former US attorney for New Jersey, Paul Fishman.


So I'll keep you guys posted as to what takes place with that. And in my last story, about 2 million Americans, this is gonna impact a lot of people, maybe even me, are at risk of getting their wages garnished due to unpaid student loans. TransUnion reports, 6 million borrowers are classified as newly delinquent as of April, meaning a borrower is 90 days behind on their payments. Not, not, not me, but even nevertheless, about a third of those newly delinquent borrowers could enter default as soon as July. So they're talking about garnishing pay as a result of not paying your student loans. And I know a lot of people, you know, will put them in deferment Emini here.


Things are already hard as is with, you know, tariffs and all these other things, you know. So just keep an eye on your student loans. Try to put them in deferment or forbearance if you can. Just a word of advice. But that's your four page news. I'm Morgan Wood, y'all can follow me on socials at Morgan Media. For more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@binews.com. Thank y'all so much. Thank you so much. Now when we come back, joy Taylor will be joining us co-host of Speak on FS one and season two of the two personal podcast is out right now. So we're gonna talk to Joy Tar, we're gonna talk to Joy Taylor when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club.


Hi guys, how Going, Joy? I'm great. What an honor to be here. Happy to have you. Do you ever get tired of talking? Just because you do it for a living and then, And I see you on podcasts and interviews And I do talk a lot. Yeah, of course, of course. We all get tired. But you have to reset. I'm like, I'll go home in total silence. Not listen to any music. Like sit in the dark like a weirdo and then, you know, just reset and then we're, we're back to it. What's It like usually being the only female in the room? You know, it's, it's fun. Sometimes you have to like ma match the masculine energy, which can be its own kind of exhausting thing. But I think it's important, right? It's important to bring different perspectives into conversations. We see what happens when you bring a bunch of people in the room that don't have any diversity of thought.


It's a dangerous space to be. So I, I actually think it's, it's an honor, you know, even if it is tiring sometimes to have to, to fight the good fight. But, you know, that's a, that's a role that is important, so I appreciate it. How do you balance, like holding your own in a, in male dominated Debates without constantly being forced to just prove you belong? Well, I think you always have to prove you belong if you're in a male dominated, dominated space. But it's about earning the respect of your, your counterparts too. Like when, when people really respect what your perspective is and they know that you're not being combative with them from a personal place, yeah, then it's a different, it's a different way of speaking.


But also, like I always say, sports fans are love language is animosity. Like when you talk about sports, you probably arguing like you just all The time, all The, like even if you are the fan of a fan of the same team for the same amount of time, you have a different perspective. And we just like to argue about sports. So I, I think when we're talking about other things, personal things, relationships, family, religion, politics, like that's different. But when it comes to sports, like you probably always gonna disagree with someone about something. What made you wanna do communications? Like what got you into that door and said, this is the life that I want. This is the career that I want. So I have the same origin story of, you know, I was doing the news with the hairbrush in the mirror thing as a kid.


As as a kid. But I think because your brother No, no. I just, I I've, I was always like a, you know, a spicy little individual. I'm the runt of my family. And You sound like Angie Martinez a little bit. Every time I hear you talk a little bit, I hear a little Angie Martinez real calm, comfortable. I hear it a Little bit. What an honor. I love it. We're Trying to see if you Spanish. I'm not Dominican. She try, it's not Dominican. Shut up. I'm not Latino, I'm black. That's all that is. I don Dunno what you heard What he said. I'm black. I just heard a little in your Voice. Sound like Andrew Martinez. Sound like JLo.


No, no. I hate it here. Hate it here. I hate here. Are y'all hiring? I I wanna leave. Go ahead. I'm Sorry. No, we're not. Damn. I got, I'm not in charge. Oh, well I've always loved radio. Radio. To me, Howard Stern has always presented this really interesting space that you can bring people in the room who are not there. Obviously now we all have cameras and stuff, but the origin of radio, like listening to a great radio show, you felt like you had a, a group of friends or a family. Yeah. And the way that the, the noises in the room could just like bring people, like I wanted to be a part of that. And I love being able to be a personality over a, you know, a traditional journalist.


But I do think like studying journalism and studying communications really gave me a good base for how to do this job. How difficult was it for you to finally break through and break in? Well, Yeah, it's really hard. It's hard. It's hard Emini here Because nowadays people think they just do one internship and all of a sudden they pop and they should be getting millions of dollars in Retiring. We're already being those elder millennials. Yeah. You know, we were traumatized and we feel like we need to pass that trauma to the next generation. Nobody wants to work anymore. No, I think you don't. I think we've swung a little bit too far in the other direction. I think that it's more about the process. Every step that I've had in my career, every internship, every part-time job, every producer job, every, you know, freelance job taught me something about what I do now.


I'm really grateful that I started as a producer because now not only do I think I hire amazing producers And I know how to source that kind of talent, but I respect what they do. I'm not gonna pop up five minutes before the show and expect them to have, you know, changes ready for me or, or stats ready for me. It helps me prep for shows better because I have that background. So, you know, I think the process is lost a bit. That's a recipe that we've lost is the process. And it's exhausting, right? It's hard to work really hard and not get the job that you think you want or be passed over or, you know, do 20 years in a business.


But we all know for the most part, it used to be, and maybe in some ways it still is, this overnight success was really 10 or 20 years in the making. Like everybody has a breakthrough point in their career. And if you've been doing the work when you do breakthrough, now you have a lasting career 'cause you did the work. And I don't think that it's a bad thing that people can pop off like that. But if you wanna have lasting power and if you really wanna turn it into your career in a business, you, you have to understand the nuances of all of this. Like, this is a business. It's not just coming in here and talking on a microphone and being entertaining. There's so much that goes behind the scenes of making a great lasting show.


And when you put in the work, I think it's easier to do that. But breaking, breaking through is hard for everybody. I haven't seen anybody escape the process yet. Like, you know, everybody always talks about these people that just came outta nowhere. But if you go and look at their origin story, they was doing something for a long time before they took off to that next level. I haven't seen nobody just come in and say, okay, instantly, boom. You want, that's what they want. That's what they want. That's what they want. Well, that's Emini here. Social media makes everything seem like it's That's right. So easy. But even influencers, like when people talk, talk trash about influencers that are making a bunch of money or have big followings and like, are you gonna make six videos a day? Yeah. Because yeah, they're not digging ditches, but these people are making content, they're being creative, they're spending time online.


Like all of that is energy and effort. So I don't wanna diminish what they're doing just because, you know, it's, it's not hard work, but it is work. And some you either wanna do it or you don't. So I, I just think the business has changed in some ways for good, in some ways for bad as it always does. It's always evolving and, you know, evolve or die. Is there a stereotype about women in sports media that you feel like you've personally broken? No. Maybe, maybe that I, I can hang in some, some intense conversations and not get emotional, but I think that's just my personal makeup.


Obviously there's this idea that women are more emotional than men, which I think our, our current administration has done wonders to disprove. But you know, there's this idea, particularly in the opinion side that you women can't be in these like really intense debates or conversations because we either don't have a strong opinion or point of view or we'll take it personally if someone comes at us. And because I work in the opinion space specifically, I feel like maybe that is a stereotype that I've helped to dispel. Because that's a thing that keeps women out of the opinion space is like we're, it's, it's gonna look weird if you're like yelling at me or something like that.


And I feel passionate about what I think and my point of view. And if you don't have to agree with me or disagree with me as long. And it's about keeping a level of respect too. Like whenever you guys are having intense conversations, there's a line that you don't cross. Even if you feel very passionate about it, you're not gonna take it to a space where like, we can't, Okay. Oh not in here. We be like, shut the up, shut the crazy dumb ass Calls me waffle dummy. Like dummy calls the Latino, the mini dumb shut up. Not that being an insult, But that's how we talk, boy Bitch. Like we go On. But you have a level of respect for each other that you can do that then Sometimes. Sometimes, but whatever it is, it works.


All right. We got more with Joy Taylor when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Joy Taylor Charlamagne. We live in this world where everybody's just yelling out hot takes. Right? What, what role does empathy play in your broadcasting Style? I think it's very important. I think it's what it's, I don't believe in being humble. Like I think that's a thing people use to dim your light, keep you small too. Yep. So I don't like humble, but I do think empathy is very important. And you know, having seen the other side of it, you know, I've seen my brother get traded, I've seen him retire, I've seen him deal with injuries, deal with family things. We all do a job where you might not be having the best day, but you still have to come in here and be funny.


You still have to be, come in here and be entertaining. You can't just call off because it's not going your way today. And athletes deal with that too. And we have such a high standard for professional athletes and college athletes too, that we, we sometimes remove the human element of what it is they're doing. Like they're competing at the highest level. Like I do it, I'm like, make your free throw whatcha doing. But like, we dunno what's going in their head, right? You don't know if they woke up today with a panic attack. You don't know if they're injured, you don't know you, we don't know these things that are going on. So it's, it's, it's about keeping a level of composure that these are not robots, these are people they're dealing with things when you get traded, you move to a new city, probably your family didn't come with you right away.


You don't know how to get to their stadium. You're dealing with new rehab people in a new massage therapists and new coaches and new teammates and everything's new. Maybe it's in a city that you went from somewhere where it's hot and now it's cold. You're adjusting to that. There's so many different things and human elements to all of this that actually affect the outcome. And I, I, it's, I just think it's important to keep that in mind. It, it shouldn't keep you from doing your job, but it should keep you, it should keep a level of sanity to what it is you're saying. But When you look at the accolades that you've accomplished and how you got to where you are, do you feel like people don't see that part of it and they just see where you are at now and it, does that bother you At all? I don't care because the people who sign checks know what I, what I do.


Damn. So, and the people in the business respect what I do. Right. Like my peers respect me. People who are far more accomplished than any, anyone in the business. See what I do and know what what I do, and know what the path was and, and what it requires to do what we do every day. So I think it's important to remain grounded. It, it is. 'cause you can get caught up in what people say about you and diminishing things and you know, whatever is happening on social media. But when the work has been done, it been done. And, and I've, I've had the real honor of working with some really amazing people in the business who saw me come in every day and do the work and knew, knew what it took.


And so I have their respect and that's what matters to me. Gotcha. I was gonna ask your take on Caitlin Clark and Angel Reese. Oh Lord, Lord, Lord. She put her hands on the death, Lord, Lord, Lord, gimme strength. It's, you know, it's a really nuanced situation. I think that Caitlyn brings out this real, like, how, how do I say this and not get canceled. She brings out this energy from people that she needs to be protected.


Hmm. And I don't think she feels that way. I doubt she likes being talked about that way. 'cause she's a competitor. Yeah. And she's an a, a amazing at what she does. The pinning of Angel Reese and Kaitlyn Clark. It sometimes doesn't even make sense. Like they'll be talking about Caitlyn Clark and just bring up Angel for no reason. What's, there's no affiliation to it. We were talking on the show the other day about if like, the league needs to protect Kaitlyn Clark or like the violence against Kaitlyn Clark. I'm like, listen, if you're new here, that's fine. But the WNBA is a, is a, is a very passionate, very aggressive league like they are fighting.


It is not, it is not, it doesn't look like the NBA and it's not referee like the NBA is. So I, I think the whole conversation with Angel Reese and Calin Clark has gotten way outta control. Yeah. Angel is a great player. She's, Caitlyn is a also a great player. They're not the same type of player and they've, they're starting their careers. Yeah. Angel really upset, upset people with how she taunted Caitlin after the championship as she should. And if a man did it, we wouldn't have even talked about it.


True. People didn't like watching Angel in Caitlyn's face. And we know why, Because she's black and Caitlyn's White Because she's black and, and 'cause she's unapologetic. And this idea that you gotta show up and be all demure and there's some level of sportsmanship that women are required to match that is, is a standard that we don't even have these conversations about men. Like, we would not even be talking about, I can't even imagine a producer coming to me. Like, we're gonna talk about the trash talk that went on in the game last night, like in an NBA game in an NFL game. We're talking about, yeah, Josh shot. But they wanna do that with the WNBA.


It's like they're competitors. Emini here, honest with you, I don't even think they do it with the WNBA. They just do it with Caitlyn and Angel too. Because I've seen like that game between the fever and the, the, was it Connecticut Sun the other night was way more chippy, way more wild happened in that, that game when Angel was playing, I forgot who they were playing. And the girl pulled, pulled, pulled her hair, her hand, and then she pushed her. None of those stories was as big as Caitlyn and Angel's little kerfuffle from earlier this shit. No, but like, that's, that's, it's all about the positioning Emini here personally. I think it's amazing for the league. Me too. The moment that that happened, I was like, this is the Magic Johnson Larry Bird moment for the WNBA. Mm. And it has absolutely been that. Is it racially charged?


A hundred percent. There's no way to deny that. Has it brought a ton of new eyeballs and conversations to the WNBA? Yes. And to me, as a storyteller, I think that's important. Yeah. Because we, we will find our way through the, the race racism and misogyny and all of that of the conversation. But people talking about the league, people paying attention to it, actually having a point of view on it, I think is important. So, you know, people come at me because I say that Caitlyn Clark would not be, she would not be as talked about as she is without that moment. From Angel. From Angel. And that's just, that's just the facts. I agree. I do this every day.


We were not doing whole topics on our show about the WNBA before Angel did that with Caitlyn. That doesn't mean that Caitlin wasn't a great player. It doesn't mean that people didn't know who Caitlyn was. But I've been doing this a long time, almost two decades. That moment created the conversation that we're having now. And yes, it was about people not liking watching Angel, this black woman in this white woman's face that was a part of it. And now it's created this whole conversation, which overall I think is a good thing. Emini here, it's the same thing that happened with Magic. And Larry, the NBA was failing and they positioned them as such. Now we're having whole conversations and the Lakers are selling for $10 billion.


So it's all, you know, a convoluted, nuanced conversation. But in the end, I just wish that people would now adjust to watching the game for what it is rather than positioning the two of them against each other. But they'll probably deal with that their whole careers. I also don't have a problem with the WNBA protecting Kaitlyn. And I'll tell you why. I remember in the nineties when they had there, there was the, the Michael Jordan rule. It wasn't ever anything that people confirmed. But the NBA had kind of changed. The American Public University is the number one provider of education to our military and veterans in the country. They offer something truly unique special rates and grants for the entire family making education affordable.


Not just for those who serve, but also for their loved ones. If you have a military or veteran family member and are looking for affordable, high quality education, APU is the place for you. Visit apu.apus.edu/military to learn more. That's apu.apu.edu/military. Who loves getting a great deal? Everybody right? Well it's that time of year when it's super easy to find great deals on all sorts of amazing things. That's right. Amazon Prime Day is coming four days of unbelievable bargains from July 8th to the 11th. And just like every year there are deals in pretty much every category you can think of. I like reading. So I order a lot of books off Amazon. They're always sent to me in a very prompt manner and they always have discounts.


So if you've been looking for a good read or you've been wanting to spruce up the house, prime Day will have what you need. Looking for power tools. Prime Day has you covered. If you wanna get some toys for the kids Prime day, there are just so many deals that whatever you're into, you'll find it and save big. So if you've been thinking about grabbing something, anything, this is the time to do it. And Prime Day lasts four days this year. So that's more chances to save on everything you're looking for. Four days of deals on everything from clothes to appliances to just everything the countdown is on. It's almost here. Shop Prime Day, July 8th to the 11th. The first two months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's the good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car.


The all new Nissan of Ronald is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Taking the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bolds premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with the 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic, chill or in straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in the chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging.


Leather appointed seats are optional features. There's something special about folks who come through without being asked. Like your coworkers surprising you with your favorite coffee just because or your friend handed you the ox core the moment you get in the car. No debate, no fight, just positive vibes that kind of love. It just hits different. And that's exactly the energy at t is all with their new guarantee. If there's ever a network in Russia, at t will proactively credit you for a full day of service. No calls, no emails, no jumping through hoops. It's just handled. It's like the universe saying, I got you, except this time it's not The stars aligning. It's your network. And let's be real. That connection is everything. Whether you're holding down the group chat, checking on your parents, scrolling, TikTok, your network's gotta come through.


And if there's a problem at t is on the case. No stress, no drama, just real backup when it counts. Credit for fiber downtime lasted 20 minutes or more. Or wireless downtime lasted 60 minutes or more caused by single incident impacting 10 or more towers. Restrictions and exclusion supply see att.com/guarantee for full details. At&t connecting changes everything The way the referees, you know, call things and the way the players play to protect him from getting hurt. 'cause he was the box office draw. And when you see Kaitlyn not play and they say the whole league's ratings dropped 55%, I can understand them wanting to protect their investment. Yeah. We don't need to know about it. If they do, we Don't need to know. I agree.


I agree. I agree. Let's find out 20 years from now if they do that. But what's not gonna happen, what is not gonna happen is the other players on the other team are gonna see Kaitlin walk on the court and be like, we need to be very gentle. We're just gonna make sure that we don't, you know, this is the product that's not gonna happen. And that's very silly, the thought that it would. All Right, we got more with Joy Taylor when we come back. So don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's D-E-J-N-V, just hilarious. Charlamagne Mc guy. We are The Breakfast Club from Fox Sports. We're still kicking it with Joy Taylor. Charlemagne, You're very unapologetic when it comes to talking about politics, race, gender, sex.


Do you ever feel pressure to just stick to sports or are those days over? No, those days are over. But I also think, like, I don't wanna force those things into a sports show. That's not the product that people came to me for. Yeah. Like I, if I, if they're watching a sports show, it needs to be about sports, it can be entertainment, we can add personality, we can, you know, have our jokes and stuff, but they're coming to us because they wanna talk about game seven. Like, I, I don't need to put my opinion about what's going on in The World into the show just because I have that platform. I, I have other platforms for that. And you know, I think, I think I have to respect the audience in that way. I think that's important to do. If you create a platform where they come to you expecting you to talk about, you know, activism and politics or relationships and sports, then you can do that.


But it, it's a, it's a sports show And I respect that. Is that why you, I know you do the pod by yourself now. Is that why you and Taylor started the pod together to have that space to just talk about, I guess other things? Yeah, Emini here, you know, we're all multifaceted people. You know, when you're building a brand and you're ascending in a specific lane, I think it's important to really dig in on that for success, you know, to be hyperfocused on doing that. But, you know, I've reached a point in my career where people know what it is that I, that I do when it comes to sports. So it was time to, to give a little bit more. And like I said, I started on the radio side and when you're talking for four hours on live radio, you, you, you, you tend to venture outside of sports, particularly locally.


So it was an opportunity for me to get back to that. What, What happened with that, with that podcast? Because, because Emini here, you, you don't know, but you know, you and Taylor are very popular in male group chats. Are we? So, so when that podcast We launched it, I had no idea. Yeah. That was a thing. It was like, it was like literally, I remember the day launch, like I had like three or four different group chats all sending that one link. Good. Yes. We, we we love when the men support us. Yeah. Taylor is a very, very busy woman. And that's, that's all it's, she has, she has Amazon Thursday night football, she's now doing the NBA with them. She has her show. It's a big commitment to do a podcast as well. So that's, you know, we had long conversations about how we were gonna make it work and she just has way too much on a good thing.


Of course booked in busy the best in the business, but she just has too much on her plate. Yeah. Emini here. It's something you gotta be committed to, like if you're not committed to it. Yeah, I Know. And, and her And I both are, you know, we believe in excellence and if you do something halfway because you don't have the bandwidth, then it's not gonna be what it needs to be. So yeah, Emini here, I had the bandwidth and wanted to continue doing it, but yeah, she just, she doesn't have the, there's only 24 hours in a day. Do you feel pressure to show people that you're not just a pretty face No. People who think that are, are going to think that no matter what, anyway, kind of what comes outta my mouth, they're, they've already decided that that's what it is. And you know, if I was just pretty, I'm the most beautiful woman in The World.


There are literal models, there are supermodels that don't do this job. Like there are, there are people who are considered to be literal walking angels on this planet and they don't do this job. So you either have the skill to do it or you don't. And if people think that I'm here just because I'm pretty, like I must be very beautiful. So I take it as a compliment. One thing I love about you, Joe, you did not shrink when got hype. Was that intentional? You like, I cannot let them see me sweat or shrink right now? Yes. It was intentional to show up as I, I did. I'm not an unintentional person, particularly when it comes to what people see from me publicly.


But when you know yourself, it's easier to continue to show up as you are. And there's always gonna be things that happen in life that happen in this business that happen when you're a front facing person. And when you get into the business, that is, that is the risk we take of putting ourselves in front of the camera, of putting yourself out there that things at some point might not be the best for you. And yeah, Emini here, what's meant for me is, is still coming. So I won't say that there were not dark times, but I'm very blessed to have an amazing family and am amazing friends and mentors and an amazing team and people that know me and have known me for my whole life reminding me of, of who I am and what I deserve.


And I'm, I'm really grateful for that. 'cause even when there are moments of doubt of what it is you deserve or what it is you're capable of or what it is that you, you know, how you should show up in The World when people are there reminding you, it's, it's important. So I'm, I'm grateful to have an amazing group of friends. An amazing group of of sup like just support around me. But yeah, everything isn't, everything's intentional. Is it hard not to address? No, I've never felt compelled to, to litigate that genuinely. Did You feel betrayed at all when everything Happened? I have felt a lot of different emotions.


I think it's a grief process when something like anything like that happens. Yeah. I'll say I've been through a lot of traumatic things in my life a lot. And I think anytime you go through a trauma or you know, grieving period of something, you, you can't decide who you are when it's happening. Yeah. And that's been the biggest thing for me is I'm like a, an extremist, it's this or Thatm working on it, but it's this or that. And I know years from now I'll look back And I will feel differently how than how I feel right now. Hmm. And I'm trying to be patient with myself in that way. Yeah. Because it's, it's a lot to adjust to like, it's a new reality And I, I'm, I'm trying to choose myself and be gentle with myself.


Hmm. If that makes sense. Now, if you could talk to 22-year-old joy entering sports media, what's the one survival skill you'd give her that you had to learn the hard way? I had to learn the hard way. Probably patience. You have to be patient. And I, And I do preach that to young people in the business because you start to get, okay, I'm not making this money or I'm, you know, I'm not getting this opportunity. Like, if if you wanna be successful, you cannot quit. Yeah. Like that's a, that's like the main part of what success is, is not quitting. And it's a long journey. Like it takes time to come up in this business. It seems like it's easy because of social media, but you've gotta put in the work, you have to continue to put yourself out there.


You have to continue to network, you have to continue to go to events. You have to continue to tell people what you wanna do. And the the advice that I give everybody, which is something that I for some reason just knew very early in the creative space. There's so many different jobs, right? Like there's different things that people do. There's so many different spaces you can get in. Take a time to know what you wanna do. It doesn't mean you're gonna do that forever. You have all kinds of different businesses that you do. Yeah. But at some point you like a doctor, put your head down and worked for a specific goal. That's right. And the creative business is so easy to get distracted. Okay, I'm gonna take this job. Okay, this is, this pays more like it's gonna take you off your path. And then if you're a doctor, if you're a lawyer, if you're a teacher or you're accountant, these are like jobs where, okay, this is the next step.


So it's, it's clear, it's hard, but it's clear this is not that kind of business now more than ever. 'cause there's so many different platforms. So I always just tell young people, be patient and decide what it is your goal is. 'cause you can get swayed into a million different spaces. And having a goal is important. That's right. Does Anybody ever tell you look like Laura Golden God damnit. Is she Spanish? Lemme look her up. Y'all just ask her if y'all wanna know she's Spanish. No I'm not. She's not Spanish. Okay. Amm not Latina. I ain't never say she was Spanish. I'm just Saying, Do you know Laura? Yes I do. I do. She Look like a young Laura Govin. Thank you. She's, she's beautiful and She's Mexican and She, but I am not Mexican.


Oh my lord. I did, I didn't wanna put Mexican. I'm not Mexican. Okay. This is like, you can be our little sister. That's why I asked. Yeah, I know. I You're not of any Spanish descent. I have of no Spanish descent whatsoever. Yeah. Okay. Joy Taylor, new season of her two personal podcast is available now. And yeah man thank you for coming and don't be a stranger. Joy. Any, anytime. It's The Breakfast Club. Go Ahead Jess girl. Yes. Go. Go ahead. I cannot wait Jesus to see time around morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a free face off. She gets them from somebody that Knows somebody.


She gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes she facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well what's the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk. Talk to me. Me. So Simon Gia? Yes. Okay. You heard Me? Yes. Yes. You right. You Said it right. Okay. 'cause I was like, Just say it 'cause I always get his last name wrong. You asked Jess, she said yes. Yes, she does it. Well say Gia. Okay, there you go. Exactly. Very on period. Simon Robia, the ex-husband of Porsche Williams has sat down with page six and he says that he regrets marrying Porsche and it was nothing but a $5 million rehab project.


Damn. Just take a listen. Do you regret marrying Her? Absolutely, because she didn't respond. 'cause I kept asking, why did you file for for a divorce? Why did you do? And she wouldn't say anything. I tried to reach her, her mom, her mom would not respond either. I later figured out this felt like a coup. I was totally blindsided. I was no no member of her family. What? On the mother's side? On the father's side reached out to me. I essentially sent her a text message. I said this was a $5 million rehab project that I took on. She never shared her concerns or issues with me before filing for divorce. You discuss issues and say, hey, if this does not change or something does not happen, this is what my might come of it.


We never had those discussion and I'm happy to share with you text messages where I was essentially blindsided by the divorce fight. I I'm not gonna say, you know, he, he lying. That may be true. Maybe Portia never asked him things, but he not going to tell me that. Both of them. It like, I feel like okay, it was your money that got her and it was the way she looked. That got you to be honest. Yeah, but Did does that mean he has to give up so much money And I and like think about it, 14 months and he's giving up $5 million for a 14 month marriage. That's not crazy to nobody else. You gotta think about what Porsche gave up. You giving up your vagina, you know you got that man sweating on you. You know what, Emini here. No, for real, like people, we don't think about that.


That wife duties, wife gotta do things. A lot of Things and, and honestly our reputation taking a hit because of what people may think and with all the speculations leading around it. But it's like, yo, if, if the argument is oh then you know, push Portia took, took that lady husband or whatever, he went right over there. You know what I'm saying? It take two to do that. Like What, what speculation are you talking about? What? When? Because he Where you know what's up man? No. 'cause he left a girl Emini here because there was so many speculations Got real Baltimore You envy. If you was in here, she might have Swung. Tell me Jeff. 'cause I don't know nothing about nothing. What's, what's the speculation you talking About? No, because Envy is, he watches the show but I didn't know if you've seen that season, but Simon was married to somebody. Fallon. It was Fallon.


Righton Fallon on the show. And Porsche had came to their house when they were married. She introduced Fallon that introduced Porsche to Simon when she was her husband. When he was her husband. And then next thing you know, you know little bit down the line. Now they married Simon Saw that ice cream sandwich. I Exactly. Yeah, but that's the thing though. You was, you was supposedly like supposedly hap happily married too and you left shorty and you was, you know, you courted Porsche. Well it was just as Much. No, I thought the speculation her, I thought Portia was upset and said he was doing some things that he didn't say to her when they were married. Like some things that he didn't disclose whether it was business or the fact that he wasn't a citizen. That's the reason why I thought Portia divorce and not the other stuff she did She marry Nigerian.


You kind of got expected those. It's Like a little stereotype She did, Alleged that when she was here. Envy. But she did. Simon talked about a little bit of what you're talking about Jess, with the whole filing situation. Right? Let's listen to Simon on why he, why Portia filed for divorce. What do you think Portia's reason was to file for divorce? I think I was targeted In what way? I was targeted from the one for financial reasons. P when I filed for divorce from my previous old ex, ex-wife, she was in my DM praying for me. And I, I think I was in a vulnerable position at that time and I entertained it. Hey. And so it just kind of snowballed from there, you know, getting engaged in 30 days, you know, Emini here, who does that?


I was out of my, my goddamn mind to have done that. And of course I, I'm paying dearly for it. Yo People talk about Sierra's prayer, Portia baby run that prayer man 30 days Please. Sitting here really talking about I was bamboozled And I with, I didn't know like, come on. Like stop playing yo. Yeah, it's like he acting like he didn't make choices, right? Like regardless of how things turned out, you made every single one of those choices. Exactly. You decided to get engaged, you decided to get married. That was you. Nobody else is Crazy. Yeah, the fact that they got married is fine and the fact that they in 30 days is crazy bro. The fact, fact that the court decided to give, give $5 million after 14 months of marriage.


That's not crazy to nobody. That's They, they both signed a pre-up, especially when They both have Money. But the judge upheld a prenup that you both agreed on. Exactly. Correct. That's Crazy. That was a decision that was made by both parties. Exactly. Choices were made before getting Married. Yes. Let's, and then Simon, I've been telling y'all guys how this prenup went down. Simon also talked about the prenup as well. Let's take a listen to that. There was some reports stating that the judge overseeing your divorce case has upheld the prenup that you guys signed before entering marriage. Are you able to share a little bit about what those terms are or look Like? That she receive $40,000 a month in alimony for the l of the, the the marriage, which which was 14 months.


She gets to stay in the house, all expenses paid, including the mortgage up to 36 months. And if she chooses to own the home, she will have to refinance the, the property in her name and she would have to give me 50% equity in the, in the hall. We are vowing to appeal this decision for sure. 1000% is going to be appealed. I don't understand why we, why why adults get upset over choices that they made. That they made. Right. And they willingly walked into the man just because she was a dm. No, I Really hurt. Just the math ain't if the math ain't math and it's just, I get it. But he created the math problem. Right. But he But the pre He did, he did the curriculum Cheer cheers the pork But the prenup was 40,000 a month for the time that they were married.


Right? Yeah. They didn't say anything in the prenup that I gotta split my asset, which is the house Was that was no, the equity conversation was in the prenup that it was this the 50% equity thing was in. That's what I'm saying. All You don't even know what he talking about was out Emini here listening to what he's saying. I Reported on this two times already in here. You don't listen. Nothing. He Don't be listening. There was an equity agreement that she would receive 50% of equity on the home or she could buy him out of the home. That would all of this is outlined in the prenup. He's upset that the judge upheld the prenup. Yeah. Feelings don't matter when his actual paperwork. Like so I just, Because somebody jumped me in DM and pray for you. Emini here you going and propose to 'em 30 days later like pretty vbm praying them All the time but pretty VT look like P run.


Yeah. Come on we got, I'm saying Emini here. When you V is gorgeous though because I Ain't No absolutely. But he's saying like you I know what he mean. Yeah, well yeah, well Emini Here it is what it is. I don't, I Don't feel Port should be a pastor. She should what? She should be a pastor. I'm Going please make That we all need some prayer. Right? Red stream it on, Not Red. Drop the bomb for the prayers. Red dropped the bomb for the we chance we understand each other. Me red and port understand each other. We all cancer. Absolutely baby. Listen, shout out to my home girl that did this interview over Red page six. Bernie, Zillow. 'cause this was, this was a good one was I'm glad we got some insight from Simon Goba and Speaking of the voices in Kansas, happy birthday Tomar.


Sh Mom's in cancer too. That's Right. Yes she is today. Today is his birthday divorce. Yes. The 26th Birthday. She just Said, she said happy birthday to Oh today's His birthday. You Still wrapped up in that cancer Porsche Parade? Like I don't know what's Happening right now. She got All y'all feeling. It is the latest with Lauren Now I don't forget coming up. Just fix my mess. If you wanna get on the lines 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. You can start calling her right now. Now Charlamagne, you got donkey today? I do man. Four after the hour. Man this man needed some prayer but we'll discuss. His name is Michael. What's his name? Michael Nki. And he's a person that I can't stand 'cause I hate people who get mad at obvious truth. We'll discuss. Alright, we'll get to that Next.


It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Rocket Mortgage is lowering down payments to 1% for eligible home buyers with one plus. You heard that right? 1% down on a home with one plus from Rocket Mortgage. Learn more today at 804 Rocket or rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage LLC licensing 50 states N mls consumer access.org. Hashtag 33. I just wanted to know how you came up with the don't, because you're mean I'm not, what did I don today? There's a bunch of donkeys out here. Street. That is why Charlemagne here. If we live a life where we fight our tongue based off who we may offend, we will say, Hey, give It to him on The Breakfast Club.


In the words of Charlamagne, the God it's a donkey that was, Oh man, Charlamagne. You've giving donkey today to who now? Well, Buster Rhymes donkey today for the Thursday, June 26th. Have you hugged the cancer today? No. Did you hug Chris before you left the house? I did not. It was way too early. Well it is our season. Okay. You know, we sensitive drop on the cruise bombs for us. Hug us. Tell us you love us. Don't wish us happy birthday early. Tell us on our actual day. I had two friends do that already. Wish me happy birthday early. Thank you. But no, I want to hear it on Sunday, June 29th. But back to the matter at hand, donkey today goes to a Wisconsin man named Michael Nki. He's 67 years old and he's the type of person I hate.


Okay? The type of person who gets angry, who gets defensive and violent because you simply told them an obvious truth. Okay? It's one thing that have an honest opinion, it's another to state an obvious truth. Okay? For example, I am 5 6 3 quarters. Okay? Sometimes five, seven. If I don't get a manicure, that extra skin at the bottom of my feet can get me to five seven. That is an obvious truth, okay? I can't lie to people and tell them I'm six five, they can see me. Even if I told them I was trans tall, they would, they what? Hush. They would say shorty tripping. Okay? So there is a, there is no reason to get mad at obvious truths, okay?


Especially obvious truths that you can do something about. Another example, if I smell Jess Hilarious breath And I say just it's not stink, but if it was okay, wow. And I say just your breath stink. That's an obvious truth that you could fix. Yes. If no, no need for you to get mad or defensive. If, if, if, if, if, okay, but it's just an obvious truth that can be corrected. Well, Michael Naroski doesn't like obvious truth. See, he was arrested by police in Kenosha and charged with battery strangulation and suffocation and intimidation of a victim. He beat his wife, okay? And the reason he beat his wife is because his wife told him something that a lot of y'all need to hear in this heat.


And it's two simple words, you stink. Okay? I don't know if it's because folks is trying natural deodorants. I don't know if right God, old Spice changed the recipes. I even got caught out there a few weeks ago. I wasn't even doing nothing strenuous, but I smelled the cush. Okay? Loud pack smelling mustard. All right? You ever smell under your own arms and start craving Funions? Yeah, that was me. Okay? And that's also you. But nobody telling you, okay, see Michael Navarro's wife told him the truth and she had no choice because when police showed up after he beat us, his wife, her name is Kimberly said that her and Michael had been arguing for weeks because Michael hadn't showered in two months.


Okay? Did you hear what I just said? Michael hadn't showered in two months. Now she has earned the right to get a divorce. Okay? You haven't watched your funky ass in two months and now it's a heat wave and you got the nerve to sleep on my clean sheets. This really happened. People, I'm reading the police report at one point during the verbal altercation, his wife Kimberly told him she did not want him sleeping on her clean sheets until he showered. My wife tells me that after I work out, okay, you know sometime you work out, then you go in your room and lay on the bed real quick to must have some energy to take a shower. Ah, get your funky ass up right now. Okay? So imagine not washing for two months and then going to lay on some clean sheets.


Bruh, you stink, okay? You haven't washed in two months. Neck dirty behind the is dirty ass cracking your gooch filthy. And when your wife tells you to do something about it, you get mad and beat her the same energy you mustered up to choke your wife. You could have mustered up to wash your ass, okay? You haven't watched in 60 straight days. The irony of what you did to your wife is you need your ass beat, okay? You would rather beat your wife than beat that funk not washing for two months. Donald Trump should bomb you without congressional approval. Okay? You waging chemical warfare on America by not washing for two months.


That is an act of war, okay? You ain't washing two months, you might be better off to cease because you damn sure already smell dead. At this point he's not even musty. He's not even funky. He's historical. That stink got a timeline, okay? That's smithian worthy, stink. Michael, what is your problem? Did the soap in your house file a restraining order against you? Why are you staying away from it Two months, no shower. You gotta start seeing a therapist because you clearly going through some type of depression. But two months no shower. That's not depression. It's biological terrorism. Listen, sometimes people, sometimes, sometimes the obvious truth stinks. But Michael, not as bad as you do.


Okay? If somebody loves you enough to tell you that you smell like a Roach's funeral, the least you can do is hit the shower and not hit them. Don't punish people for being honest, especially when the only thing more offensive than your attitude is the smell of your ass. Please let Remi ma give Michael Nki the biggest Heehaw Heehaw Heehaw. You stupid mother. Are you dumb? Why she wait two months though? Yeah, Two months. Yeah. That is crazy. But a Roach's funeral, You ain't never smelled Roach's funeral. No, I never smelled a roach. Really? So you don't, you never had a roach trap in your house? No, never. Not a, you ain't Never picked up a dead roach and Sniff it.


No, I'm sorry. That's different. That's different. That's disgusting me. No, I never did. I'm sorry y'all better Than me. Y'all didn't have toys in South monk's corner. Of Course, but we also had Roach. The hell is wrong with you. Why you playing with dead roaches? You talking about sniffing them? You ain't Never studied a dead roach. Just to, And I had a cat roach that made me did that. Not a a person. I didn't do that. I feel judged. That's only You. You ever had a fair roof for one of your roaches that you grew up with? Roaches have names. Hold On. So time out. The time out. All jokes aside, y'all ain't never took a dead roach and put it in a matchbox and buried it outside? No, no. I never really got to know sang boys. None of them like that. No. How do I say goodbye to a roach? All Kelly, I miss you.


Nothing Really? No, none Of that. I'm with Jesse. I didn't have toys out there when you were growing up. I That's what I'm saying. Y'all just played with roaches. Did y'all roaches down day? I don, I don know about they. I don't know. No, they, I'm just telling y'all about certain social science experiments that I did as a child. Social science. Jesus Christ. You need a hug? All right, well that was Donkey of the Day. Ka just, whoa. Alright. But I still ain't never played with no roach. I play with lines. I ain't up playing with no goddamn roach. Hey Yo. Y'all smoke cocaine too though? Yeah, Exactly. This where we going? Stoped, please Stop. Stop please. Accident Did you do By accident?


Didn't Roach? Oh, oh no, I'm not gay. Okay. Alright. I'm not gay, but I didn't play with roaches. I didn't play with lines. I, you know what you played with. Just fix my mess. What are you talking about? 800 Diddy. 5, 8 5. Y'all have old Crew. So Rock Boy is in the building It Balancing work, family and education isn't easy, but American Public University makes it possible with online courses, monthly start dates and flexible schedules. A PU is designed for busy professionals who need education that fits their lives and affordability matters too. A PU offers the opportunity grant giving students 10% off undergraduate and master's level tuition, helping you reach your goals without breaking the bank.


Plus they provide career services and 24 7 mental health support at no extra cost. Visit apu.apus.edu to learn more. That's apu.apus.edu. Who loves getting a great deal? Everybody right? Well it's that time of year when it's super easy to find great deals on all sorts of amazing things. That's right. Amazon Prime Day is coming four days of unbelievable bargains from July 8th to the 11th. And just like every year there are deals in pretty much every category you can think of. I like reading. So I order a lot of books off Amazon. They're always sent to me in a very prompt manner and they always have discounts. So if you've been looking for a good read or you've been wanting to spruce up the house, prime Day will have what you need.


Looking for power tools. Prime Day has you covered. If you wanna get some toys for the kids Prime day, there are just so many deals that whatever you're into, you'll find it and save big. So if you've been thinking about grabbing something, anything, this is the time to do it. And Prime Day lasts four days this year. So that's more chances to save on everything you're looking for. Four days of deals on everything from clothes to appliances to just everything the countdown is on. It's almost here. Shop Prime Day, July 8th to the 11th. The first two months of 2025 have been Quite, quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's the good news, you don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features.


Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Taking the skyline views at let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bolds premium sound system, you too can vibe like you at your own private concert. Plus, with the 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic, chill, or in straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in the chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional for features If you own a home.


Here's the interesting fact for you. Today American homeowners are sitting on a record amount of home equity. That's the part of your home you own Outright. Rocket Mortgage can help you turn that home equity into cash and that can help you fund the home renovation, pay for your kids' college tuition, or pay off consolidated high interest debt. To learn more, just call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com Today. Rocket Mortgage LLC licensed in 50 states N mls consumer access.org. Number 30, 30, Yay. Just fix my message next at The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club baby.


It's the real pill. Help me, help me. Oh my God, I'm all up in your mess. I'm gonna fix it, fix it, fix it, fix it. Just go fix your mess. 'cause my advice is real. Hello? Who's this Yo M Babe? Big chocolate to toe sucker. What up kid? Not today brother. I need just a, I need just to fix my mess. What's up? What you got going on? And it better be some real mess on I'm hanging up on your ass. What you want? Yeah. Yo, so Jess, listen man, I got this neighbor right that I'm trying to get with first. Let me tell you, you look great in your booty shorts on, on while now. Thank you. So I so do, do I just walk up and knock on the door or I usually see her at the pool and try and get with her.


What? What do you suggest? I think you just let it happen organically. Has she ever given you an eye or like, you know, did you get any inclination that she might, like you Might give a little, you know, massage at the pool and stuff, you know, suntan lotion and rubbed the toes and all of that. So, okay, She's allowing that. You could have just made your move right there. Like yeah you, I think don't go over there and knock on the door in asks sc 'cause it's gonna be like, ah, what are you doing? You know? But wait till the next time you need to see her at the pool. Next time you rubbing her down, getting her all glistening with the SPF, you know what I'm saying? And then you be like, what, what, what we gonna do? Kick this bitch in a high gear like what's up? Here we go. What you wanna do? I appreciate that Jess. You know I'd also like to see you on a game show.


I think we need you on Family Feud in the future as a host. Absolutely. Thank you. Let's get rid of big, let's get rid of Big Nose Steve Harvey and give a woman a chance to host Family Feud. Right? Are you white? I'm a brother. Okay, I was gonna say, you better not be talking about nobody big nose if you ain't got one. Alright, cool. That that sounds sound good to me man. For your time. Half brain Charlamagne, take care. Suck My Damn Uhuh. Just fix my mess. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. This is about the fifth time this week. Charlamagne invited a man to his genitals. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Ask about Me relationship problems. Ask about me. Do you need to beat your coworkers ass? Ask about me. Your coworker need to beat your ass.


Call it up. Hey Dr. Jess, I'm here to fix your mask. Fix your mask. It's getting very much messy. Let me fix it. Hello. Who's this? Hey, it's say how y'all. Hey girl, how you doing? What's wrong girl? I need your hell. So I work at this racist job, right? Quit. But they paid so good. What happened? Go ahead Tommy. To the point where like I'm getting monkey pictures put in my locker, I'm gonna get in called the N word. I'm getting banana pills sitting in my locker And I wanna quit. But I don't wanna give them what they want And I want the money. Mm. Do you make good money?


Yes. Okay. So all you gotta do is start committing. You gotta reverse it. You gotta start committing these acts back to them. Then they gonna fire my black black child. But, oh okay. And then you file for unemployment with your black ass and that's it. Because if you quit you ain't gonna get no money. That's all you gotta do. All you gotta just leave. Leave jars of mayonnaise in their locker. You know what Emini here, what is, what else they like? Shar, you friends with a lot of 'em? What? What do they like crackers. What don't, okay, just leave Cracker Emini here. If you're trying to be racist back, you leave crackers and they lock those. I'm Sorry, what don't they like? Yeah. Crackers. No, That's not even that. You just want symbol like they leaving banana peels because they calling her a monkey and stuff like that. A monkey. So you leave her crackers, just leave em random crackers. You know what I'm saying?


That's all. Mm. Or or hot dog water. They smell like that water sometimes hot. Yep. Jesus White Champion hoodies. There you go. Something because They got the conehead look like the KKK joints. Ooh yeah. That's too expensive. That's too expensive. That is too expensive. Yeah, I think crackers, crackers and jaws and mayonnaise work. Yeah. Okay. So basically just retaliate want saying things. Yeah, she gotta retaliate. But what happens when she retaliates and then they say they never did that and then she gets in trouble and she gets fired for racism. Well you could put Black Lives Matter stickers in their locker Ab. So there you go. Like do something like that. Yeah, but look, obviously, are you keeping note of what they're doing to you of I? I am. I hope you are. I am. Okay good. So she has the the receipts to prove it.


Like they will have the receipts to prove it. So they started it, you finishing it, they fired it is still win-win 'cause you file for unemployment period. And then if they, that's it. Yeah, that's it. That's the only way to do it. She should report first. Did you report first to human resources? They don't care. I Didn't report it and they saw me. So basically don't talk about it. Be quiet or they'll wipe me Up. Yeah, they don't care. So they have to make them fire you. You don't quit. 'cause one thing we are are strong black people period. So that's what you do. You go in and you give them the same treatment that they giving you until they fire your ass and then they have to pay you period. Okay. Thank you. And then you can sue. I'm gonna be honest with you.


I don't think that's gonna work for you but damn. Are You the only black on the job? I do. Huh? Are you the only black person on the job? It's like five of us Now. Okay. Are they racist toward all five of y'all or is it just you? I feel like they race you everybody but they pick on me because I'm quiet. Girl, you better turn in a Django talking about you quiet. You better get loud and yee high. I don't care what you do. You get don't get quiet 'cause we don't shrink. You know black people ain't, we ain't meant to belittle so go turn up on they ass. That's what they need. Are You telling her to put a silk scarf on and go live? Period. If it will go live recording them right in front of their ass. Period. Alright, well good luck mama.


Just fix my mess. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. When we come back, we got the latest with Lauren. Don't go anywhere. There's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Just got a quick question before we get to the latest with Lauren. Jess, did you work out yesterday? I did work out yesterday. Where were you? Okay, I just wanna make sure I'll be back next week. I'm be back. Oh, You gotta make sure that I work out Envy. This is my fourth week baby. I'm already stronger than you. What are you talking about? Yo? Okay. Yeah, you just wanted to go up there. I told And I told Dr. Morris, listen, his wife even told him, stay home babe, so you can do your second week of training.


He's like, no, no, no. I'm gonna go with the girls. I'm gonna go with the girls and yeah, yeah, I'll Be, I'll be back next week. Let's get to the latest with Lord Lauren becomes A straight facts. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody well, she gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything And She be having the latest on you, the Lord the latest when Lauren la sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, it's The latest On The Breakfast Club. Talk to me Now. Fat Joe has released a statement and this is all in the midst of the $20 million lawsuit that alleges that he engaged in sexual acts with minors. He says, I've been tested these last few months.


I've lost my big brother, my father, my mother. And now I'm fighting against these disgusting lies. But please know I will not break And I will never back down. I've had individuals in my circle take my love and kindness for weakness. But how many times must we forgive them? I've had people steal from me, grow jealous of me, lie on me, throw it all me and my family have me and my family are the ones stuck dealing with the consequences of these bad decisions. If you get fired for doing something wrong, just take the L and live with it. But instead they plot on your downfall as they watch you move on with your life. They decide to go after one of the things you value the most. Your reputation. They figure they can make up the most insane stories. And if, if you, if they threaten you with the lawsuit, then you'll pay and they'll feel like they finally won.


The problem with this theory, I've never let anyone on the streets extort me. So how would I ever let a crooked attorney and a coward ex hype man extort me? I'm from the Bronx, Mr. Tyrone Blackburn, who is the attorney on the case attorney at law. Since you want wanted the clout, we will finish you in court. The time of lawyers using their law license as a badge to extort people and destroy families with no evidence is over. I'm not the one you've messed with the wrong one this time. And then he signs it. Joseph Fat joke, When are these lawyers gonna get bought up on Ricoh charges? Because didn't he just get arrested? He did, but at this point, at this point, it's just a racket. This is the pay me too movement. Yeah. Yes. 'cause if you literally understand how this works, right, they'll reach out to you, they'll send you a letter, they'll let you know, Hey, we got this person that's gonna make these accusations about you.


But you know, they, it don't have to be public. If you settle with us behind the scenes and then when you refuse to settle, then they come out and they make it defame your character like this. Like when, when that Rico gonna start happening. Yeah. And I can't wait for it to start. Right because there's No reason has to stop. Yeah, I'm with you. And there's no reason that they'll do that. Because the reason that they do that, let's be honest, is they know it'll affect your advertising. It'll affect your sponsors, it'll affect the people that have booked you. Some places won't have you in their arena or some schools won't book you just because of accusations. Mm. And it's effed up and salute to Fat Joe. That's Fat Joe's a good brother. Like Fat Joe is probably the only, I would say, one of the only celebrities that will call and check up on you to make sure you're okay without a record.


Sonos Salute to my bro Fat Joe. And by the way, I it, to me, it's just as simple. And it don't, it don't even gotta be Fat Joe. To me it's like, yo, listen to everybody's story. Right? Everybody has the right to tell their story. If they have a story but you still gotta believe all proof. You can't just defame me and put these accusations out and say all of these heinous things and don't have any proof of evidence. And It's like they don't even be trying to wait. They, they, they do it all at one time. Oh, we just seen him do it. Alright. We, I'm Just say that we gonna say you did it too. Oh. And we just gonna say he did it. He did it like all at one time. They not even planning this out ahead of time. Not even gonna let the dust settle from the last time they lied. Well, envy mentioned Tyrone Blackburn, the attorney in this case, and he's been known.


He's also the attorney that filed the Rodney. I don Mentioned him. What you Talking about? You just mentioned, or someone mentioned that he was arrested in New York. Who mentioned that? Jess. I mentioned that. I I I heard, I heard that you got locked up. I'm sorry. Envy Black. I don't got nothing to do with that. I wanna Know. I wanna know. Yeah. So he was arrested in New York for allegedly hitting a process server with his car in New York. Ser New York City. The process server was actually a process server related to the fact Joe Case, what's The process server? Somebody that come and give you the paperwork when you're being brought into We were being sued. Yep. And so he hit them allegedly There was something where he might hit him with the car. So What if he was serving papers for Tyrone Blackburn? Right. That would be crazy. Right. And then Yeah, And then you hit him.


Wow. And I think he, I think that was, I think he was suing, they were suing him and he had to be served And I guess Getting sued. Yes. I said, okay, so this is what happened. The, the process server is a 66-year-old messenger. He was serving Tyrone Blackburn with a complaint in this Fat Joe Case. Because remember a alleged, not allegedly, but originally Fat Joe sued Tyrone first because of the things you were talking about, like the, the defamation allegations and things of that nature. But they are claiming that Tyrone Blackburn allegedly slammed his car into reverse and backed up and then he hit the process server allegedly in the leg causing a minor injury and the victim went and reported the incident to police. So he was arrested after that.


And you trying to get these people outta here, You know, a lot of this would stop too if they realize how many times they, these lawyers don't win these cases. Crazy. You know what Emini here, like you, you, you hear the case go out, but you, you don't hear, oh such and such got paid. Right. Every ca every case ain't the Diddy case. Right. Like what is this success? Anybody Casie That's, I say who got paid in the Diddy gate? That's point. Cass the only person every Everything ain't the DID Gates. Yeah. But most people, a lot of celebrities will settle out because they don't want this to go on. So we don't know the amount of times that a celebrity did settle out. They don't Want publicity. Right, exactly. Whether it's 30,000, 50,000, 10,000, a hundred thousand. Where you're saying you might lose millions in advertising. So sometimes a celebrity might feel like, or somebody with money might say, you know what, I'll just pay this 30,000, let it go away.


But it gotta stop. I'm with you y'all. It Gotta stop. It's the pay me too movement at this point. Pay me too. Yeah, Definitely. But y'all are getting paid. Nobody getting paid. Nobody Getting paid. And I, but speaking of that, it's Shane a sharp birthday also. Happy birthday. Okay. Cancel season. Happy born Day Shannon Shop. That's right. This his birthday. We gonna give it up. What else Lauren? That's It. So Ain't nobody playing girl. Sunday birthday, his birthday And it was a good time. I thought of him since while we was talking on about all happy Birthday Kendall and all. Yes. I had one more. Selena Gomez. She sat down with Complex the what they do, the goat talk and she talked about her celebrity crush. Let's take a listen.


Goat wrap. Can I tell you my first one that I had a crush on? I My God. But he's amazing. Like I know, I never Could tell I had the biggest crush on him. Really? I was, I was like five. I love that. That, That's so weird. But I just thought he would protect me. But I would never say that I didn't Have Yeah. I'm just only saying it's simply based on my childhood. Okay, play that again real quick 'cause I wanna hear that that girl's response to her saying Ice Cube Goat wrap. Can I tell you my first one that I had a crush on Ice Cube?


My God. But he's black. Amazing. Okay. Wow. Crazy. She said But he's amazing. What? She wasn't expecting Ice Cube to come outta Selena. Go man's mouth honey. And by the way, please nobody wastes their time and ask Ice Cube what he thinks about that. No, no, no. I don't wanna tell y'all now. TMZ, anybody that sit down with Ice Cube, please don't waste your time. Ask Ice Cube what he thinks about that. I know that's Right. She said Ice Cube. She was talking to Carol G and the sit down. And she also did mention too that, 'cause they're talking about goat rappers, she said that she was a big fan of Eminem because her dad was a dj, used play Eminem all the time as well. Yep. And that's why he's one of my favorite rappers as well. I, I resonate with her with that. 'cause my dad is a DJ and he was the first and only actually white rapper that my dad played blasted throughout the house.


So that's why Eminem is one of my favorite rappers as well, other than Vanilla Ice. But he, not my favorite rapper. Played Vanilla Ice. Played Vanilla Ice throughout the house Too. What's up with your dad and the white rapper? It is the dj. No, he played a lot of black rappers but he, he played a little bit of Abi or whatever so I was shocked. Selena would know that though. She said she was five. I guess so She said she was five. Yeah. Yeah. Who do you remember who your first Celebrity crush was? Was she was born in 92 Ice Cube? I Ice Cube. I dropped a Predator in 92. Yes. I was born in 92 as well. That was your celebrity crush? Yeah. Ice Cube. I'm saying. Who was your first celebrity crush? Do you Remember Loren State Mine? Absolutely. Mines was Bow. Wow. No, actually no Omarion. And then as I got older, Loren State, I feel Like all a lot of us girls had like the Bow wow.


Omarion screen tour era of like celebrity crush and People were sleeping on J Boo. I was like, okay. J Boogie. No, they slept on Little Fiz. Lil Fiz was cute. I Guess I still sweet, cute. But yeah, no, no. Jay Emini here. You know Fizz is cool. He cool. But no, I I I always like the Brown Brothers. Yes I did. Alright. RAs Beef, you know RAs B and Alright Guys All, oh no I'm sorry MB who did you have a crush on? Which one you liked? Brand B dj. DJ Clue was Envy's first Celebrity Crush. Charmaine's First crush was Michael Bivins. Michael Bivins. Oh yes it was. And he was little because you said that nigga was cute. You and your sisters was in the room. Said you said Michael Bivins was cute And I was around all my girl cousins because all all don't make an excuse now I always been around all the women and they were going around the room saying all of them was cute And I was just trying to be down.


They ain't had nothing to do with how I really felt. I was trying to go down. So you've been gay for a long time. Happy Pride Clue was your first celebrity crush. He taught you how to DJ by coming up behind you and putting his hand on top of your hand and going brick up Brick, brick up. Now this the ball I dropped Bomb. Happy. I know he came up with the idea for the question mark Local. That was not true. I'm shy. Oh look, Before we got shout out Tolu though, this has nothing to do with, oh now you gonna say shout out to Klu. No, he don't like that about My segue. That was crazy. Listen, Listen. Did you hear that Offset said that his crush was Sabrina Carpenter? Yeah, I that she's so fired first of all. Yeah She is by the way, speaking of Offset and Fire, can we play that new record from Offset with J Call Y But he said he got a crush on Sabrina Carpenter Honey.


So let's see her come out to Woodwork and see We got that record in. She should stay. Definitely don't. But I got in the mix. You played it in the mix? Yes. That record Dropped The finger, the visual. I think he just dropped the tease of the visual too. Another tease for the visual too. Like it's fire. It's lip. Yeah. What? Yes. That's nice. That's nice. Yeah. I don don't say don't say it's fine now Lauren, don't try to get on this good side now I said It was fired from the day I brought it in this room. I told y'all that Side now. Alright, you got A good song. You got a good song. Whatever label offsets signed to need to put that money behind that record. Absolutely record. That is A good one. That's a tough record. All right, well let's get to the People's Choice Mixed. That's the latest with Lauren. Lauren you gonna court today, right? Yes sir. Opening statement. Start today. Okay.


Alright, well Emini here. Not Opening. Closing. Closing statements. Closing. It's been a long six weeks, seven weeks. Yes. Yes. All right, well it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. You Chicken out The Breakfast Club. Rocket Mortgage is lowering down payments to 1% for eligible home buyers with one plus. You heard that right? 1% down on a home with one plus from Rocket Mortgage. Learn more today at 804 Rocket or rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage LC licensing 50 states N mls consumer access.org. Hashtag 30 30. Morning everybody's d DJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now we got a salute to Joy Taylor for joining us this morning. Salute to Joy Taylor from FS one man.


She co-hosts speak on FS one. She's got a new podcast. It's her season Two of her podcast is called Two Personal, so make sure you check that out too man. Enjoy. Enjoy having a conversation with Joy. All right. And Enjoy Joy. And also you gonna be weird. Two Joy, Crazy. Have Joy Ann Read and And Joy Taylor. Yeah. Yeah, that's what's up. One Dominican, one Black. She not Dominican. Oh, what'd she say? She said She, we had that whole conversation. Oh, okay, okay. She's not Spanish, she's black and white. White. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Sorry. What you say Envy? I said where you gonna beat this weekend? Oh, I'm gonna be in Virginia beat the 7, 5 7. I will be there tomorrow.


I got two shows at the Funny Bone Comedy Club and then two shows at the Funny Bone Comedy Club Saturday. I'll be doing meet and greet at the late shows on each night And I just can't wait to get there. I'll also be at Venom Night Lounge y'all, so make sure y'all come party with me after the show on Saturday for about 45 minutes. That's all I got for y'all. Love y'all. Can't wait to see y'all. 7, 5 7 and then July 12th Arizona Star getting your tickets for the Wild Horse Casino. Show me and my brother Desi Alexander will be there in your city. Phoenix. I haven't been there in a while and I'm expecting for y'all to treat me great when I pull up. So get your tickets Jess Hilarious official.com. Alright, now when we come back, we got the positive note. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJNV Jess.


Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's time to get up outta here. Charlamagne, you got a positive Note? I do have a positive note and it comes from the great Don Miguel Ruiz. Man. Don Miguel Ruiz once said, we don't have the right to change anyone else and no one else has the right to change us. If we are going to change, it is because we want to change because we don't want to suffer any longer. Have a great day Breakfast Club Bitches. Y'all finish or y'all done. American Public University. With service members like you can access high quality, affordable education built for your your lifestyle. With online programs that fit around deployments, training, and unpredictable schedules, A PU makes it possible to earn your degree no matter where duty takes you. Their preferred military rate keeps tuition at just $250 per credit hour for undergraduate and master's tuition.


And with 24 7 mental health support, plus career coaching and other services, a PU is committed to your success during and after your service. Learn more at apu.apu.edu/military. That's apu.apus.edu/military. Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve.


They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com. The best kind of help is the kind you don't even have to ask for, like your friend pulling up on you on moving day with a truck, a speaker and snacks ready to go. Well that's the energy you get with at and t's new guarantee. If there's ever a network interruption, they make it right by giving you a credit for a full day of service. Proactively credit for fiber, downtime, lasting 20 minutes or more, or wireless downtime, lasting 60 minutes or more caused by a single incident impact in 10 or more towers. Restrictions and exclusions apply. See att.com/guarantee for full details.


At t connecting changes everything. Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could just escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bolds premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down, the Al Nissan Ronald is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging.


Leather appointed seats are optional features. This is an iHeartPodcasts.