
This is an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing massy seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional Features.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Support for eating while Broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career, the next step. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years. As the nation's largest nursing school, Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Learn more@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle to while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co. Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Good morning. USA. Yo. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo. Yo yo. Jess Rios. Good morning Charlemagne guy. Peace to the Planet is Friday. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and Holly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners, man. What's happening man? Good morning, man. To God be the glory. What's going on? It's Friday. How you feeling, Jess? Yes, I feel good. I can't wait to get on stage night in Pittsburgh And I ain't been there in a while, so I love it. I haven't been back since I've been a Ravens fan though. Uhoh, so I don't know how they gonna feel. I ain't even gonna mention It. No, I wouldn't mention it. No, I'm not gonna mention it at all. Pittsburgh's serious about that too. I Absolutely. So yeah. But I'm excited to be there today at the Improv. We got two shows tonight.


Two shows tomorrow. So I'm excited. Okay. Aaron Rogers is the new quarterback for the Pittsburgh Steelers. That's right. Yeah. Which means next year they're gonna do absolutely nothing. Damn. Not a damn thing. Jesus. Okay. You know what's so crazy? And, and this is the bad thing. You talked about all that and that one time did you say, you know it's Father's Day weekend. I'm gonna do this for Chris. Oh my God, why are you calling me out? She Forgot. Ain't nobody thinking about it. Nobody Thinking about the dads. It's Father's Day weekend. I got a whole event happening Monday, June 16th, like the day after Father's Day. That is true. She is doing a whole event for fathers. A whole thing. Yes, That is true. And top off Baltimore man. And you don't know what I got planned for my husband. It is ready go down.


If it was Mother's Day weekend, we, Charlemagne and myself, we'd be like, yeah, it is Mother's Day weekend. He don't get Excited about no Mother's Day. I don you still do. But Charlamagne Don't care because I know, I know that we, the reason for Mother's Day, they wouldn't be mothers without us. Oh shit man. That's when he take it a little too far all the Time. It's just the truth. But, but we wouldn't be fathers without y'all either. Thank you. That that's the part that's the whole point of being a union. Yes. Okay. Yeah. Well Salute to all the dads. I hope you guys have a great Father's Day weekend. Yes. And the mothers and all Of us. Yeah. I'm sure the kids are gonna be making you cute little mugs and ties. I'm sure. Socks and underwear. I don't need nothing. I ain't blessed every day. Yeah. You and me both. Them little hugs I get from my baby. That's it. That's all I need. That's It. But they can still want to give you something. So they gonna get something from the, the little they know have their little shop where they buy little things.


They Yeah, yeah, yeah. Ash already sent me links to get Chris and, and Rome like some stuff. So you know, Ash got, he got access to his account now, so I don't know how to act, but he, he's mature with it. He's like, I wanna get these sneakers for my dad. 'cause he like these. And I seen him got a wallet he always have in his ID in his pocket. So I'm gonna get him a wallet. I just love that. He's like, he's observant. Yes. He's looking And I love That. I love that. Well That is kind of messed up though. If you ain't got, you don't know why people ain't got no wallet. You should ask why first, because it might be a reason. I ain't got no money. So what is the point? No Wallet. And he said he always keep his ID in his pocket. He ain't say nothing about no bank. That's What I'm saying. You gotta, I don't have a a wallet for a reason, sir. I'm not talking about Rome. I'm just saying in general.


No, No. Alright, well again, SLU to all the fathers out there this morning, Warren G will be joining us. Yes man. And hey, a lot of y'all is Warren G's Sonos and don't recognize it. Yes. Okay. But you need to, you need to understand that a lot. A lot of y'all wouldn't be here West Coast or East Coast. If it wasn't Warren G. We'll, we'll explain later. That's right. All right, well let's get the show Crack. And we got front page news and we got a worldwide exclusive. This is from your ex. Yes. Chris Brown. Chris Brown, Yes. Emini here. Duh. That's the only ex I got in the industry. It's called Holy Blindfolded Blindfold. Holy Blindfold. It Is a banger. Okay. Crazy. I've been blasting it since two days ago and it just came out the day. Alright, Period. Let's get into it.


It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. That Was a good banger though. That was a good dance. That's tough. I love it. That Is tough. Yes. Now, some quick sports game for the NBA finals is tonight at 8:30 PM Eastern Time. Also New England Patriots are gonna unveil Tom Brady statue before the preseason game on August 8th. So Tom Brady's getting a statue out in New England. I can't wait to see how that statue looks. And that statue better be huge. I Emini here if a man brings you six. I agree. Super Bowl championships. Yeah. Tom Brady probably need to have the biggest statue we seen thus far, to be totally honest with you. Yeah. So then he's gonna get that statue.


What up Morgan? Hey y'all. Hey. How we feeling on a Friday? Good. Blessed black and highly favored. What's happening Morgan? All right, love to hear it. Cheers to the freaking weekend. First on the front page. Tensions are on the rise in the Middle East after Israel launched Strikes against Iran's nuclear program On the rise. It's going down. Yeah, definitely is. So Israeli prime minister Benjamin, that Netanyahu spoke after what he called a preemptive offensive against military and nuclear sites inside Iran. The Israeli military said it had intelligence that Iran's nuclear program was reaching a point of no return adding. They were rushing towards a nuclear bomb and their goal was to eliminate the threat. Now, Netanyahu said, strikes against Iran will continue as for as many days as it takes to remove that threat.


Let's take a listen to his comments. For decades, the tyrants of Tehran have brazenly openly called for Israel's destruction. They backed up their genocidal rhetoric with a program to develop nuclear weapons. In recent years, Iran has produced enough highly enriched uranium for nine Adam bombs. So the commander in chief of Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps was reportedly killed in the attack. Iranian state media reports. General Hussein Salami was killed in the overnight strike, along with another IRGC general and multiple nuclear scientists. Israel's defense minister announced the country expects a retaliatory strike of, and a state of emergency has been declared.


Now, secretary of State, Marco Rubio says the US was not involved in the strikes and added that the safety of our American troops in the region are the top priority for us. Meanwhile, president Trump will be so Israel just went rogue. They said it was preemptive because again, it basically we are, we, the US and Israel are allies. And the US and Israel both believed that Iran should not have nuclear weapons. That's true. But, but back in May, intelligence said Israel may strike Iran. And they said if they was to do that, then that would be a break from America. So like, you know, why wouldn't America, you know, intervene to stop this?


What do You think America had heads up? 'cause the fact that they were telling Yes, I just said that. I said intelligence. Get into that back intelligence. They were telling People get outta there and tell family that they knew it was gonna happen. Yeah. Actually, let me go ahead and get into that. So pre President Trump, he will be meeting with National Security Council today to discuss that strike. Iran has of course responded by launching over a hundred drones at Israel. A spokesperson for Iran's armed forces says both Israel and the US will pay dearly for the attack. And before the attack, Trump warned of a chance of a massive conflict in the Middle East. He spoke about his decision to evacuate non-essential American personnel from the region. Let's take a listen to President Trump. Look, there's a chance of massive conflict.


We have a lot of American people in this area And I said, we gotta tell 'em to get out 'cause something could happen soon. And I don't want to be the one that didn't give any warning and missiles are flying into their buildings. It's possible. So I had to do it. Yeah. So Trump made those comments just hours before the, the attacks actually went down. Now he also said that he's not sure if the strike will help or hurt talks with Iran, which were supposed to be having this weekend over the country, reducing its nuclear pro program. But he does maintain his stance saying that Iran cannot have a nuclear rep weapon. It's also unclear if the US will play a role in any potential action.


So I imagine on a personal note, that this will be a fluid situation. As I did mention before, us and Israel are allies. So if this is what Tulsi Ga was saying in that video and she was warning us of being on the brink of nuclear annihilation, then now I really want to double down on donkey today. Because why wouldn't they just tell us this? Especially since back in May, intelligence said Israel may strike Iran. And I just don't understand why wouldn't America intervene to stop this so you not Feel Well? Go ahead. What did you say, Morgan? I was gonna say it's just a lot, you know, between this and what's going on with the protests across the country, immigration Emini here, it kind of seems to be adding onto the pile and you wouldn't wanna, you know, ruffle the feathers of the American people.


Well, so much for the promise of no war that Donald Trump made, he said there would be no conflicts under his watch. Well, well let's continue the conversation at 7:00 AM We will continue to talk about what is happening here on the home front with the protests in LA and across the nation. So stick around for more front page news. All right, we'll see you next hour Morgan. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Get it off your chest. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Ray. Ray. Ray. Yo Sha man.


Envy. What up? Are we lying? This is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. We can get on the phone right now. He'll tell you what. It's we live. Hello? Who's this? Hi, this is Bob Bobby. Yes. Good morning Bobby. How are you? Good morning. Sure. Good morning, envy. Good morning, Jeff. Morning. Morning. This is, this is like the third time called into the show. Okay, Well thank you for calling Bobby, how can we help you? Thank, thank you for taking my call. I'm really excited to talk to you guys again. I was calling to get it off my chest. I tried to call in yesterday. I was really heated after that gentleman called.


Do you have Bluetooth or, or speaker? 'cause we could barely hear you now about Bobby, you got us on Bluetooth. Can you take us off Bluetooth? I don't. Oh, okay. Well go ahead. She's in a bad area. You sound like he's in a bad area. We'll try to listen to you. Go ahead mama. I I'll try to move around a little bit. But I was calling because of him saying that homosexuality is a mental illness and that if you actually look in the animal kingdom there, homosexuality exists in nature in over a thousand species. It is a natural thing. It is not a mental illness. And if you wanna look at as far as there only being like our so-called president says there's only male and female.


If he knew anything about biology, you might be born with male or female genitals. But you can be born with male genitals and female hormones. Different things can happen. Yeah, there's definitely gay animals. Emini here, you know lions have shown homosexual behavior, giraffes. And we all know dolphins or gay sharks. Yeah. And insects. Even insects house. Well, I don't know about the insects. What, what insects They, They, I actually saw dragonflies. You don't know how, you know, just because they be on top of each other. You don't know if they male or female. Well, Well I will say This. I don know, I don know some article I read said that they found evidence of injury.


I heard About fruit. I heard about fruit flies. Yo, shut up man. Yo, I will say this from people that don't know what she's talking about. A gentleman called in yesterday and was saying that he felt that gayness was an illness. A mental illness. A mental illness is what he said. And she's responding to that, that call or that call. So I don't, somebody be like, where the hell is this come from? That's where it came From. Yeah, it's too Bobby. It's a little too early. We just got here. Can I get some little something? Can I get some green tea? My system or something? Yes, But can I say one more thing too? Yes ma'am. Just to death or just Yes. Yes, Because I, the last time I called in it was about student loans. And I was talking to you about your show in Pittsburgh and you had said that you were gonna give me some tickets, but I haven't gotten them yet. And I know tonight's your first show.


Absolutely. Are you coming tonight? Nah, She ain't got no time. I, I haven't called. No, I know. Did she wanna come Say are you are, did you wanna come tonight? Yeah, That would be awesome. Okay. Okay. Well, Well hold on. We'll we'll get your information. I got a Name and, and you can bring two people if you, if you like. Oh, three people in total. Okay, Jess, hold on one second. All right. Don't keep Jesse. Okay. That would be awesome. Ain't no problem. Don't keep Bobby on hold for long now. Hello? Who's this? Yo, what up? This is Darien from Pittsburgh. What's up brother? What's going on? What up man? I've been, I've been listening to y'all for like 10 plus years, man. Let me give a couple shout outs real quick. Good man. I wanna shout out my twin brother. De I know he up listening to this right now.


We both work for the post office, so we both about to get ready for work. Okay. So I wanna shout out him. I wanna shout out my mom. It was her birthday two days ago. Shut out Qualy. Then I wanna give a shout out to my kids, Jackson and Dalen. Nice. Alright bro. But you in Pittsburgh. You, you should go see Justin tonight just before me Tonight. Out in Pittsburgh? No, I thought, I think I thought she was coming Sunday. No, I'm coming Friday, Sunday, Friday. Saturday, man. Today and Tomorrow I'll leave Sunday. Sunday is Father's Day. Bring your twin brother Ladies And Come on out here. Father's Day man. I'm sorry. Hey guys, you a question. How do you listen to us in Pittsburgh? What'd you Say? How do you listen to us in Pittsburgh? On the app. On the iHeartRadio app? Yeah. I go live on the iHeartRadio website.


Okay. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. We appreciate you brother. Hey solo. Yo, what's up? Let get a book man. I you know what? Put get get him on. Yeah, get him. I got you. Hold on all I got you. We got you. We got you. It's crazy because I be forgetting about the iHeartRadio app man. But sleuth, everybody who listens to us on the iHeartRadio app, we've been on the iHeartRadio app for 15 years. But you know, I guess, you know, you start thinking, oh you're syndicated, you're in a hundred plus markets, but you don't realize you not everywhere. So salute to everybody who listens to us on the iHeartRadio app. And you can definitely tell on the West coast when a lot of people call and check in from the west coast. So salute to everybody on the west coast that listens to us each and every morning. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5. One of you need to vent. Hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club.


I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with me is best. Call up next (800) 585-1051. Not just me, I'm with the coach of Philly. Hello? Who's this? Nate G. Nate G. What's up Nate G What's going on? Get it off your chest brother. So yeah, I'm a truck driver man And I work early morning so I wanna get off my chest. I don't understand why people ride around with, they brights on all night. They don't turn 'em off when they see a summon or me coming. It is very dangerous. So yeah, I got a, I got a problem with that. I wish everybody would just turn their lights off the bright lights when they see the other vehicle coming along.


Do you think they just don't know you that, that the bright lights are on or I think Emini here because you can see if they on, you know what I'm saying? You can see they, I know where mine's on. You know I drive my mine's on. Right. But You know, I don think they don't care. It is interesting though because you know, they come on automatically nowadays. Back in the day we used to have to do it manually. You know what, Emini here. That's what I was saying. Yeah, That is true. Some vehicles, that is true. Some vehicles do the newer vehicles And they don't look as bright as they used to. They just me back in the day. They used to be bright. For real. They don't look as bright as they used to. No. So Emini here, they, they definitely bright. Okay. They definitely blinded. He definitely blinded anyway. Yeah. What's up? If y'all wanna give a shout out to y'all man for being a, a great crew at The Breakfast Club. Thank you Jess. Good Morning.


Thank you. Like I said, Charlamagne Envy appreciate you. Can I give a shout out to my daughter and her 2025 graduating class? Okay. Yes. Congratulations Naiah Giles. I love you. And we praying for your future to be the best. Thank you. What we, yeah, I don't know. What the hell is he talking about? His kids. Congratulations. Future. I was talking to myself when I don mind. No, no, no, no. I was talking to myself because I was about to say Congrat. Congrat. You didn't know how to respond to wait a minute. Yes, exactly. I wanted to say congratulations to your daughter. That's what I wanted to say. This guy's crazy. That's appreciate That man. You, you Man.


I'm a, I'm a big, I'm big on mental health. Yes sir. Is there any way that I can get hooked up with the book? Yeah, I got copies of Shook One up here. Hold on. Don't hold. I got don't keep the people on hold forever too, man. You, you and your truck man, brother. Yes sir. You know what you need to do. You don't want Yes sir. I already know. Hold it. He got that. Hey, ask another question. We don't ever ask the truckers the right question. Hey. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. You ever got blown by a lot Lizard? No. No. That day I don't practice now I'm married, I'm married, I'm married. Happy You that kind of slow.


Hold on man. Oh Lord. Ain't no cheek. There you go. There you go. Ain't no there you go man. He almost like, what, what does he know about Lock? Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got the latest with Lauren coming up. What we talking about? Yes. Lauren in here looking like a line graph. You been so it's too early in the morning. Like, give us a minute to get home for breakfast. Right. Damn. Good morning. Good morning. How are you? Bless Black and Holly favor. Dang. What you asked me Envy. I forgot The latest with Lauren. What we talking about? Talking Kendrick Lamar performed in Toronto for the first time since the Drake Feud. And what happened?


Like, oh, it it it went off. Yes. Tickets went crazy even before the show started. The tickets went crazy. Crowd went crazy. There's a lot to break down with his Stop in the six. Yes. All right, well we'll get into all that when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Yes. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club Charlamagne to God. DJ NB Jeff. Hilarious. And it's time for the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a free fish off. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. She gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything And she be having the latest on Lord the Latest with Lauren la. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details.


Sometimes she have, what's the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk to me. So yesterday, Kendrick Lamar and SSA's, GNX tour stopped in Toronto. So they were in the sixth. And listen, before the, the tickets before the show even started, StubHub had tweeted out that Toronto had just became one of the top five bestselling cities on the tour based on total tickets sold. And this was before the shows had even started. So then you get inside the concert, there's videos of the crowd going crazy. Emini here, word for word song, singing specifically when Not Like Us came on. After All Drake is done for that city. Drake gave that city a whole identity. Gave him a number to rap.


I would feel away if I was Drake. Mm. I low key kinda would too. Well I would feel away. That's his town. That's a city Emini here. Damn. But they not allowed to like Kendrick and show him some love and really just, nah, True Emini here. That's the Song of the Y. Like not Toronto. Like if it was Winnipeg, if it was Edmonton, if it was another part of Canada, Winnipeg, but not Toronto. Toronto. You, that's supposed to be my city. It's supposed to be my town. I get It. All I know is Kendrick. All That for the six Kendrick Lamar is spiking the football in ways. I've never seen a football spike. Lord, Listen Lord. Now not only did they sing along to the song like that Right song goes off, lights go dark, y'all know 'cause we went to the concert how it like ends and it's a whole dramatic thing. Right. And then the crowd had a request for Kendrick. Let's take a listen One more time.


One more Time. Oh, they were slam. Damn. One more time. Dang. Did he do it More time? Did he do it? Not that I saw. Oh, he should have did it six times. Not That I saw. Listen, I've never seen a man keep his foot in another man's ass for this long. Damn. And you know how sometimes you watch a fight and you see your homie beating somebody ass and you like all chill, chill. He is Had enough. We haven't gotten to that point yet. Lemme ask you. He has another show tonight, right? Yes. There's another show Tonight. I bet you if they scream it tonight, he'll do it again. I get I bet you this the last, That's the last one. Yeah. There's only, it's only, it's only supposed to be two nights. He'll do it again. He'll do Not Like Us the second time. If they scream at this, if they scream it tonight, I, I I guarantee he'll probably do it tonight.


Says, well, there's a lot. Go ahead. What you think Drake gonna stay in Houston? Drake. Drake's sick of y'all. Okay. He's tired of what he saw in Toronto. I saw them Crip walking in New whole King last night. Yo, shut they was, I'm glad of you making this up. Walking in New whole king no singing, Not Like Us Day was ordering Child Maine. Yo, what Is New Ho King? That's the, that's the little, the Chinese spot that Drake and, and Kendrick was talking about in this song. Oh, in the song. Oh wow. Yes. Ending in a, a standing ovation after all of that. I didn't, I expected it because this is not Kendrick's first time there. Right. So he has fans there. Of course, of course. Kendrick Lamar. I expected the fan frenzy. But that was Insane's. What? And there was a, there was a lot of buildup though. So there was, you know, supposed to be this whole OVO takeover show Kendrick who city these, this is protest.


And they were, There was three people outside yo. Right. And they were posting these videos like, oh, there's so much police presence outside


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah. Don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at&t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousins latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels. Thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Taking the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Hey, this is Jenny Garth from I Do Part Two. Wanna try Ozempic but can't stand needles. You need to try Oral Semaglutide. It has the same active ingredient as Ozempic, but without the painful injections. Get access to Oral Semaglutide right now@futurehealth.com. Join those losing 10 pounds in their first month. Future Health makes it easy and affordable to gain access to weight loss meds like Oral Semaglutide, Ozempic and Zep Bound for only $3 a day. You don't need insurance or have to go to a doctor's office. Just a quick, easy process all online, get the best results at the best price with future health. Take the three minute quiz@futurehealth.com. Get approved and start losing weight this week. Visit future health.com. That's future health without the e.com. Future Health Weight loss data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare Services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's Discretion and all these things.


And I'm like Emini here. I think it's just a big concert. But also the, this flyer was circulating online. You gotta keep people safe. But I didn't see no big protest outside. I Don heard. I heard it was chanting ov Hold Soul Loud. No, that's what I heard. P real. What was that? Somebody sent me the video last Night. I saw a video yesterday. It But it wasn't a lot of people though. No, no. I'm talking about inside the arena. When Kendrick perform, it was like outside Was gonna say, I'm gonna say because outside it was like they probably just thought somebody was just like going through something. It was probably like one and a half people. Yeah. If I was check Out with that and a half People, it wasn't a lot. So Only three, three people came for the free pizza. I don't No. They were giving away free pizza. They was, but what are you talking about protest? Am I making this point?


You know this? Yeah. It was free OVO hoodies and pizza. So they said pull up, they'll have speakers. This was the protest was supposed to be pull up with speakers blasting nothing but drizzly signs. Showing love for the six guys. Your best OYO dripping all your dogs and only good vibes. They're supposed to be from 5:30 PM to like 11:00 PM So once people are arriving and kind of like mid, almost ending Of the concert, literally we sixth grade, what the hell do you mean? Pizza in a free hoodie? They should have give away free new whole king. That's what they should have did. They wanted the Ninja turtles out there to jump on Kendrick Cat. That's crazy. Yes. Well Then should have came out dressed as shredder. Damn. He was so unbothered. But there's another show tonight. So we'll, we'll see how this one goes. What is the growth of population? What is the growth of population of Toronto?


Lauren, do you know growth of population now? Lauren knows. And what is the average temperature of the city in Toronto? Do you know what the hell? I just figured since she dressed like a line graft today, she could show us some of the trends of chay and data. He got me over here really trying to be funny. You know what, you take your growth from your population and you put it somewhere. That is not nice. Okay. Uhuh, Are you, are you finished with the latest? We got some. I'm actually not done. Okay, we're heading on over to Evil Devil over there because WWE e Superstar, Jade Cargill is making her acting debut really opposite Jonathan Majors and a new action thriller. True threats Drop on a clue box with Jade Cargill. Yes. Dope, dope, Dope. So she's set to make her acting debut with Star, Jonathan Majors and True Threat.


This is a Harlem set action thriller from Director Gerard McMurray. And the movie is being produced by Alexis Garcia's Cat five with Charlemagne the God Nice Basel Say His last name. Ironic Basel Ironic. And Karen Kinney's new banner, Southland Stories. So yes, shout out to her. Yeah. Jade is playing Mika. She's playing a lieutenant in this crew called the the Apollo kid. So you gonna see her in there, you know, kicking ass dope, you know. Nice. Putting pressure on folks. Okay. That's what she gonna be doing. Do y'all only announce the like major first on the call sheet Names like this or like everybody is about because it's such a big return for Jonathan Madres.


There's Gonna be some, there's gonna be some few other people announced for the film. Definitely. Okay. Yes, definitely. But you know, salute to Jade, salute to the wwe. You know, so many wrestlers have become actors like The Rock and John Cena and Batista. I think Roman Res is gonna be in that new street fighter movie. So Jade is is just the next, next in line of WWE stars that'll be carrying on that acting tradition. So SLU to Jade. Dope, dope, dope. Yes. Congratulations To her. Can wait to see It. That's it. Nice. All right, well that is the latest with Lauren. Now when we come back, we got front page news and then Warren g will be joining us. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, you are checking out The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy, just hilarious.


Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's getting some front page news. Start off with some quick sports game for it's tonight. OKC verse Indiana Paces eight 30 tonight will be game four. Now also New England Patriots are going to unveil Tom Brady's statue before the preseason game on August 8th. So I can't wait to see that Emini here. Literally Tom Brady gotta have one of the biggest, best statues we ever seen Emini here. One of the best statues I've ever seen, you know, is Michael Jordan. You ever seen Michael Jordan? Yes. Outside of, what is it? No, I I've never seen Michael. What's name Stadium? The air. Is it the United Center? No, it ain't the United Center. Maybe it is. I don't remember. But it's the, it's it's the Air Jordan. It his logo. Yeah, it's the logo and it looks really, really dope. Like Tom Brady needs something like that when you bring six championships to a franchise.


Come on man. Possibly the greatest quarterback of all time. He gotta have the one of the best statues we ever seen. I can't wait to see what it looks like. Yep. What up, Morgan? Yeah. Hoping the people that made the D Wade statue. Nevermind, I won't get too attention. I know. Before I get into news on the home front, let's get into some more tragic international news. Air India says at least 241 people are dead following a plane crash in the Western Park. Oh my God. Yeah. Yes. Only one passenger survived the crash. And he told the hoot Hindu Stan Times newspaper that he heard a loud noise seconds after takeoff. He said there were bodies all around him when he got up and then ran from the plane before he grabbed, before someone grabbed him and put him in an ambulance.


Now the Boeing 7 87 8 Dreamliner was bound for London when it reportedly crashed into residential quarters of a doctor's college near the airport. So they were trying to, it appears they were trying to make that emergency landing, but tragedy struck. That is horrible, man. Prayer's up for every single person who lost their life on that flight. Listen Morgan, you said they, they ran into a residential neighborhood, but I I haven't heard anything about anybody dying in those headquarters. I just heard about the 200 people on the plane. No, but this story is still developing, so I'm sure that those numbers will come out and surface and we'll get more details as develops. I know that that one person who lived got a testimony, Survival, guilt.


My Man. What did? Well he was covered And then to get up and run. Who? Yeah, the adrenaline. Yeah, but there Was somebody report I heard he jumped off the plane right before it took off. I've heard so many different things, but the fact that he made it Jesus. And how, how long was the plane in the air? Do we even know? That's What I'm saying, babe. Not, not as of yet. No, no, I do not have those details as of yet. Hey. But yeah, unfortunate story. Now on the home front, a US Senator was forcibly removed from a Homeland Security press event in Los Angeles and reportedly arrested California Democratic Senator Alex Padilla was grabbed by officers while attempting to ask questions to DHS secretaries.


That's Department of Homeland Security Secretary Christie Noam about immigration operations in Los Angeles, California. Let's take a listen to that audio in that incident as he was trying to ask questions and he was being removed from the room. I Senator Alex Padilla. I have questions for the secretary because the fact of the matter is a half a dozen stealing criminals that you're rotating on your, on your heads Off. So Padilla shouted at Noam while trying to, while being shoved out of the room, he was taken to the ground and handcuffed before he was released. Now it's unclear what charges the senator faces, if any. When asked about the in incident, Noam said Padilla's actions were inappropriate.


But the two spoke after the incident and will continue to have conversations. Let's take a listen to comments from DHS Secretary ct. No. Coming into a press conference like this as political theater, it's wrong. And it does a disservice to this country and the people who live here. So we sat down, had a conversation, we probably disagree on, on 90% of the topics, but we agreed to, we exchanged phone numbers. We'll continue to talk and share information And I think that's the way it should be in this country. So Senator Padilla spoke to reporters saying he went to the event because he was looking for information from Homeland Security about the ongoing immigration operations in la Let's take a listen to Senator Padilla's comments. I, several of my colleagues have been asking the, the Department of Homeland Security for more information and more answers on their increasingly extreme immigration enforcement actions.


And we've gotten little to no information. So Senator Padilla went on to say, if this is how they treat a senator, imagine how they treat everyday people. Now, LA Mayor Karen Bass also slammed H-H-H-D-H-S Secretary Christie No. Following this incident, asking pretty much how could you not recognize one of two of California sitting senators? And she went on to say, with a little bit of a read, she worked with Christie Nome before and she no longer recognizes her. And yesterday a federal appeals court paused a ruling that requires President Trump to return control of members of California's National Guard back to the state. A federal judge earlier in the day issued a ruling that halted the Trump administration's deployment of military troops in Los Angeles writing that the federal government did not have the authority to national nationalize California's National Guard.


The New Order, which comes from the ninth US Circuit Court of Appeal. Now puts a pause on that and well, Well, it's good, it's good to know courts is still working. It's good to know that there's, you know, checks and balances. Will the administration listen though? Is the question That that is the part you're right about that, that is the question. And we will continue to see what happens over the course of this weekend. You know, there are gonna be these protests that are happening in whether they're anti-ice protests or that are continuing on, or the protests also called, I believe it's No Kings Day that's taking place across the country, protesting President Trump's military parade that is set to take place here in Washington DC over the weekend as well.


That's your front page news I'm working with. Follow me on socials at Morgan Media. That's M-O-R-G-Y-N-N-D-I-A. And for more news coverage follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@bnnews.com. Thank y'all so much. Have a great weekend. Thank you Morgan. And listen, today is Friday. So you know, on Fridays we do the People's Donkey. That's right. Okay. So if you want to give somebody Donkey of the Day, call us +1 800-585-1051 and give somebody the credit they deserve for being stupid. All right. And everybody else, Warren g will be joining us when we come back, so don't go anywhere. It is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess.


Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the Building. Yes indeed. We Got a legend in here today. The legendary Warren G What's up? What's up? How you feeling brother? I'm good man. Feeling good? Yeah. Yes Indeed. Alright. Does, does the East Coast time mess with you? A little bit. I know how to adapt. I've been in it so long, I know how to switch it up when Yeah, I'm good. Absolutely. Straight off the BET awards performing with Snoop for the tribute. Yes, indeed. Yeah. How was that? It was fun. It was fun From the rehearsals all the way to, to doing the actual show. Just vibing with everybody and, and seeing, you know, even seeing the other artists that was there. Just, it was just good, a good vibe all the way around.


Just seeing everybody and having a good time. Joking. Talking, talking a little bit. I wanna got the phone call you was looking for. I, I saw the interview that you did and you, you were saying how like, yo, I just want Snoop and Dre to holler at me, man, I don't want nothing, you know, Emini Here. No, that ain't, that didn't have nothing to do with nothing. None of that. Okay. Okay. No, well, I got a call, you know, I, I got hit to, you know, that, that, that he wanted me to do the honor with him. So, you know, that's my dog. You know what, Emini here. Absolutely. So I, I, you know, anytime you need me, I'm there, man. Yes, indeed. I Think that conversation was good though, because you know, when you said that on, I can't remember who he was interviewing with, but when you, when you said that it's like everybody started giving you your flowers, everybody started talking about, you know, what, what Warren g has contributed to hip hop, what he's contributed to West Coast cultures.


I think sometimes you, you gotta speak up for yourself, man. 'cause Yeah, yeah. You know, Emini here, a lot of people don't know about, you know, a lot of the things that I did, you know, so I speak on it, you know, in, in interviews and just, you know, just, you know, trying to, trying to, to let the new generation see, you know, what I've contributed to, to hip hop, you know, and, and not let it, let, let, let it get erased. That's Right. But let's, let's, let's go back there. So, so for people that don't know Warren g let's say right from the west coast, you Introduced Snoop To Dr. Dre. But before that, how did you get into the rap game? What made you get into rapping? How did you meet Dre and, and, And I guess create that family?


No, well I, I've been, I've been around Dre since I was probably about, I'd say maybe 12, 11 or 12, something like that. My father married his mother Verna and you know, I didn't have no, no older brothers. I just had sisters, but my sisters was, was, you know, my sisters was, you know, they bodyguard hard. They wasn't playing right. You know, and Emini here, that's where it started at. So your stepbrothers. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then musically, my father, I used to, he would pick me up on the weekends, bring me to his house and play jazz all day. So I would listen to the jazz and just, just fall in love with him.


And to this day he still asks me like, do you remember Chuck Man Gioni? I'm like, yeah, I still got it. Daddy's in my playlist. And that's what instilled the, the, the, the good vibe as far as when in my music, the way I like to have that good feeling of music that came from that. But as far as in the hip hop, it was just like all the groups run. D-M-C-N-W-A Eazy, the Fat Boys is LL everybody that was in hip hop, you know, we, I I wanted to be like them, you know? 'cause that that's what was going around the neighborhoods and stuff like that. And then, you know, me being, you know, around Dre and Tyree, you know that I had two big brothers.


So were y'all Close or was it one of those things? Your stepbrothers. Okay. We was always close. Always. So just being a, you know, the, the young, the young, the young one around two older brothers, you want to follow what they do. So Dre was DJing with the, with the, not, it wasn't the, The World class record crew. It was the high powered crew with Eazy and Shane. And, and they gonna get mad at me. Everybody, I couldn't mention everybody, but they had a crew. So I hear mix tapes all the time. So I fell in love with, with, with a lot of the music that he was mixing and stuff in the room. So I asked him to show me how to, how to do it one day. And he showed me.


So I fell in love with that. I was an athlete as well. I played football and just having somebody a, a bigger brother to, to look up to him and Tyree was just, that was, that was, that was cool. You know what Emini here and they taught me a lot. And you know, I had to, I had to go through a, a gladiator school from Long Beach to Compton, just back and forth. So, you know, they had me, right. They used to call me Kibble and Bits 'cause I used to get it in, You know, envy said that you, you, you introduced Snoop de Dre, but did you ever feel like you were also introducing Dre to this sound that, you know, him and Snoop was kind of about to define for whole coast?


Not we, I was just trying to get us all put on. We didn't, we didn't know that, that we was gonna, you know, that it was gonna turn into what it turned into. But really it all, no we didn't. We didn't. But what we did when we started working on the chronic is we brought all the, the, the energy that we had and what we wanted to do, you know, and brought it in and put it in to Dre to bring him back to where he should be, you know. So that's when we did the chronic and we collaborated and, and, and made that a classic. You're celebrating 30 years of the Reregulate album.


How does that feel? It feels good. You know, I still feel the same as I did back then. I really don't, I really don't be tripping that much. I just be wanting to keep working. Like just, just keep working, keep working. But it feels good. And, you know, just to, you know, see that my records is still spinning Yeah. Since like 91, 92, around that time. And it's a, it is a good feeling and, And I just, I just keep trying to, It's going viral, creating more of that stuff. You, you've been saying that, I know you probably don't Yeah. Keep up with the TikTok, but like, it, it is a couple of your songs, like these kids are making like, viral trends with it.


Yeah. So like, it's, that's that's what's up. Yeah, it's a trip. It's like, it, it keeps starting over. Like every generation, the new generation that comes, it starts over and then they fall in love with it. So I'm down with that. Tyler, When did Nate Dogg come into the picture? Nate came in, well he was always in Long Beach, but as far as when he came to together with me and Snoop, we was, me and Snoop was up already, like up in North Long Beach. We was moving around doing little things here and there, trying to build our name. And Nate just popped up one day on the spot, you know, where we was hustling at and, and he had heard about us doing what we was doing.


So he came up and, and just blended in with us. And we started calling ourself 2 1 3. But as far as Nate period, all of us knew each other from Kings Park, from elementary school all the way up. How did, how was he received though? Because even The twins No, he was, y'all Were rappers and he was singing. So what do you remember the first time he said, Hey, this is what I do. And he sang for you? No, Nate, all he, Nate Nate was in the church circus. So he was singing a lot, bro. Gotcha. It just happened, you know, when we, when we would get in the room and, and we'd be freestyling and, you know, be boxing freestyling and stuff. Nata start just singing along.


Like while we busting he just start singing some gangster, you know, that's different. It wasn't like, you know, just like, it wasn't normal. He was just, it was kinda like a rap singer singing thing type of vibe that he would do. And he was just saying some, some real, real, real things with it. We're Still kicking it with Warren G. And how did, how did the Def d the Def Jam deal come about? They, we was in the studio. They was working and Paul Stewart and John Singleton was there for Snoop to do the first single for the, for the Boyhood Justice soundtrack. So I'm in there just hanging out. This is like later on when I was like, I was kind of by myself, but I still would come to the studio and things like that.


But, so I asked John and Paul, Paul Stewart, are they looking for any more songs? So they was like, yeah. So I was like, can I play a record for you? So me and Paul walked to the car. I had a raggedy little Rigo, I got jumped in the car, popped in a tape deck. It was a song called Endo Smoke with me and Mr. Grim. It went for about maybe like 30 seconds and he said Stop. And so I stopped and he was like, can I take the tape? I said, yeah, just give it back to me. Just give it back to me. Yeah, give it, yeah give it back. So that Monday, Monday, Tuesday, whatever it was, I know it was a weekend we was working, but they called me and they was like, we want this to be the first single on the Port Justice soundtrack.


So I was like, are you serious? He was like, yeah. So I was like, damn. And You weren't signed at the time at all? I wasn't signed with nobody. So that whole thing went through Endo Smoke blew up. It actually, it went gold. It was everywhere. It was going crazy. And so a bunch of companies was trying to find out, you know, who the artist was, who was these, yeah, who was these guys? So there was a lot of companies calling. So Paul hit me like, Def Jam want to talk to you. So I'm thinking like, dang, they don't wanna talk to me. They want Mr. Grim. 'cause Mr. Grim was, was dope. Dope as well. He, that's who the record was for.


And so we had got on the call, it was Lyor, Chris Lighty and Tra Tracy Waples. They actually all flew out too as well. But, so we on the call and I'm like, I can't believe this is Def Jam on the phone with me. So the, they was asking about the guys on the song. So they was like, okay, well who is the guy with the kind of like, melody to what he's doing? So I'm like, damn, they must be talking, they talking about Mr. Grim. So I was like, that's Mr. Grim. He wanted, you know, that's one of the guys rapping on there. They was like the, no, the guy with the kind of like singing thing.


He said, you can mean this little chant type. I said, that's me. So they was like, yeah, that's the guy we want. So I was like, me, that's me. So I was like, all, so we just, from there I had to decide like, 'cause there was other companies coming in after that it, this, you know, it started piling up. I guess the word got around. So I had to think about who would be best for hip hop. Right? So I, I had a flashback. I went all the way back to Crush Groove. The Beastie Boys, fat Boys run DMC and Russell and, and and Rick Rubin. And I'm like, this is the Lay. And I started thinking about Slick Rick, Dougie, fresh, everybody.


And I was like, I'm I'm ll Cool JII said, I'm, I'm, I'm with this right here. I'm with them. So I, I said everybody else, I'm gonna grow with these people 'cause they hip hop, this is huge And I'm a fan of, of Crush Groove and B Street, you know, like, so I was like, you know, that's, that'll be different and signed. And I, they said you saved The label during that time they said the label was going through a Lot of Yeah. Of, of Losing money. Artists weren't selling. They said you Revitalized the label back then. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't know it. I didn't, I didn't know it.


And, you know, until, you know, we started, you know, the record sales started going like every week. I was selling like 200 and something thousand every week. So it started, it was huge. And, but I, I, I didn't know, I didn't know they was in debt or anything like that. And then Lyor had told me one day, he was like, we use like credit cards and different things to get you this money. Wow. You know, for your advance. And I was like, wow. I, I couldn't believe it. But he was like, you really, you really did. You know us a big favor and we had big parties and you know, all of that. Yeah. That's cute. But where my money at, They, that party.


Did You ever, well, here's my mother money. Did you ever feel like they owed you more because of that? Like, that should have been a, That should came with a bonus. It was a, it was a, a whiteboard in there and it said like how my album had made like a hundred million. So I'm like a hundred million dollars where my shit at. I, I done re over recouped. They can't never say I, I I ain't recoup Emini here. I, I made, I made some money. I, I wasn't, it wasn't like it should have been, but I, I made some pretty good bread. It wasn't like stupid money outta that a hundred million. It wasn't, it wasn't a lot outta that. Did You see at least 10 from That? None. No.


Nowhere near what? Nowhere near it. Does It bother you though that when a lot of times they mention Def Jam, sometimes you don't hear Warren G. They Do, but it's quick. Yeah, it's brief. Does That bother you? Especially when, when Leon telling yo we was, we was using credit cards to pay your stuff. Yeah. And you helped, you know, we made a hundred million during the time when it wasn't happening. Does that bother you at All? Yeah, it pissed me off. You know, sometimes. But I, you know, I, I charge it to the game. I'm like, look, I'm like, god damn. Yeah. I, you know, it's, I, you, it ain't nothing I could do. You know what, Emini here ain't nothing I could do. But yeah. I get pissed off about it. Was you supposed to see that white boy?


I did not. I don't think you supposed See that white boy. What, what? Probably not. Damn. Just being, you know, in the office. I used to go, this was on Veek Street out here. Yep. I just used to walk around the office, like walk around the whole building. And I seen that And I was like, god damn. And I and Leo's flossy too. He'll tell you, yeah, this made, this made this much money. And I like, man, I got, you know, let's, let's get it cracking. But anything I needed, they would do it though. I know that, you know, I told him I needed, I need this house, dah, dah, dah, dah, duh, boom. Same old record company. It was like Cadillac records kind where you, you know, I need this.


Okay. They get it. But, you know, I, I made bread too. It wasn't nowhere near what, you know, that, but, you know, I'm, I'm at it. Why do you think you were never fully bought into, to the death row circle as far as like being signed? I don't know. That seems, because I probably That's that you would go, right? Yeah. Well I, yeah, I was ride or die. Was It politics? Was it your personality? Was somebody hating? I think, you know what, what, what, what kind of, you know, had Suge pissed off at me was because I wasn't like one of those type of artists that had just signed any thing. And I, you know, we was presented with contracts.


So I, I told everybody, we need to get lawyers to look at these contracts before we signed them. So, you know, the word that got back to him that I was trying to get a lawyer to look at the contract. So he came out pissed off Because you was doing the right thing. Because I, 'cause I was, and the same thing, he wouldn do that Exactly. That wouldn't have deed had been doing the same. So I'm like, how can you get mad at me? So that's, he's probably pissed off about that. And then, and actually it was a blessing that I didn't go that route because it turned out even better for me. You know, I'm able to do whatever I want to do.


I can go every wherever I want to go. And I, that's why I came to the East Coast is to be different, you know, than the, the regular the same old, same old, just to get away, you know? And I, and, and when I came over here, it was nothing but love, you know, it was nothing but love. Wasn't nobody talking that East coast, west coast, that wasn't no East Coast, west coast thing. That was be, that was crucial. But this per these people, against these people, none of that. 'cause I got, I, I had love over here. I I was in Brooklyn, the Bronx. I was everywhere. Like Harlem, Queens, Jamaica, Queens. LL took me to Jamaica, Queens showed me his grandmother house where he did all his shit.


I was blown away. Like Right on farmers. Yeah. As was I even seen the, the, the, the, the sidekick that was in Tina got a big O but I was like, damn. Yeah, We still kicking it with Warren g Charlamagne. Have You, have you ever confronted anybody about not getting your flowers or you just to let the music in the work speak for itself? Type? I let the work in the music speak for itself. I don't want to get into that mode where I start tripping on, on, on fools. 'cause I, I get, I go hard, you know, I've, I've seen so many people do foul to a lot of people. A lot of guys like, you know, I done seen talk about Dre talk about Snoop, and then they assses right up under, you know, I ain't that type of, I ain't gonna, I ain't gonna talk about these and then get in they face.


If I got something to say to 'em, I'll say it to 'em. And yeah, I did talk about the, the Super Bowl. I was pissed off, you know, just, it just wasn't cool. And I, you know, And I ain't, it wasn't like something that I just brought up and did this and did that. There was a whole story to it that led up to that. And it was a witness there. One of my guys, he, he with with our crew, he sat right next to me and he was even tripping. And he got down there and went back there And I'm still in the crab. Wow. But I just wanted to go back there and hang out me and my son. That that was it. I don't Know. But now that you're at a store and you understand How It is and the fact that y'all were so close and you introduced, you understand why.


'cause people, I don't think a lot of people,


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field, or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community, and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been, because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Hey, this is Jenny Garth from, I Do Part Two. Wanna try Ozempic but can't stand needles. You need to try Oral Semaglutide. It has the same active ingredient as Ozempic, but without the painful injections. Get access to Oral Semaglutide right now@futurehealth.com. Join those losing 10 pounds in their first month. Future Health makes it easy and affordable to gain access to weight loss meds like Oral Semaglutide, Ozempic and Zep Bound for only $3 a day. You don't need insurance or have to go to a doctor's office. Just a quick, easy process All online, get the best results at the best price with future Health. Take the three minute quiz@futurehealth.com. Get approved and start losing weight this week. Visit future health.com. That's future health without the e.com. Future Health Weight loss data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. That means when you buy a Toyota, you can feel confident that your investment will last. Toyota has dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, including the 2025 Tacoma Tundra and four Runner, the plugin hybrid RAV4, and even the hot news sra. These five models rank in the top 10 for resale value of all vehicles, according to Kelley Blue Books kbb.com. And have a retained value after five years that is thousands higher than the average vehicle. So after countless carpools road trips and off-road adventures, your Toyota will still have plenty to give both on the road and towards your wallet. Shop. Buy a toyota.com for a great deal on the vehicle that's right for you today and tomorrow. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota Let's go places


Necessarily knew. Did you speak to Dre or Snoop? Well of course you spoke to Snoop. Did You speak to Dre after that? Have you had a conversation? No, I ain't talked to him. I done reached out to talk to him a few times. I ain't got nothing against him. And you ain't seen nothing. I don't know because that was right there. I I didn't even sing. You know, I was, I was focused on doing what I had to do. But Y'all don't have the best relationship, huh? I don't even know what kind of relationship we have. I ain't seen him in a while. Yeah, we ain't talked in a while or, or hung out. You know, I ain't got nothing against him And I, but I don't know what, if there's a problem or not. I don't know. Was There something that got y'all to this point or? I have no idea. I don't know what the fuck is going on And I ain't tripping either at the same time.


You know, I'm, I ain't got nothing against him, you know, but that just was kinda weird. You know, when I look up to you and you know, And I, you know, that's my guy still, you know, like I said, that's my sensei And I, I we could sit down and talk whenever face to face, you know, and, and pull it, put it all out there. And if it's something that I did And I was wrong, hey, it is what it is. Okay. I was wrong. If you don't wanna with me no more, that's fine. I cool. But being in the blind and not knowing what's going on, I don't know, you know, but, 'cause that's what it seemed like. It it, to me it seemed like it, it, it may be a problem by, you know, it just, it just felt like a pro problem.


You know? I'm, they're my homeboy, you know, I love that to death. That's my dog. He said I don't bring to work with me. This, that's totally different that I don't, I don't think he was talking about me Snoop when Snoop was up here. Yeah. When Snoop was up there head. I don't think he, I don't think he was talking about me as far as me being coming with him. You know, just, just, just clearing that, you know, Snoop is my homeboy. I have no problems with Dre. This is my best friend. You two guys, y'all, you got, y'all hang out. This my best friend Then this your brother And this is, this is my brother. It just be, it just be weird And I ain't, I I don't, when I say weird as far as it like, we don't go out to eat together no more.


We don't do family. We get the kids out and do like that go jet ski or go ski or it ain't about like some music or this, that, and this. I just to hang out like we used to. I don't know nobody else. Warren. It's okay to say I miss you, my brother. Okay. To tell you people I miss you. We so tough as Yo Dre. I miss you Snoop. I miss you. It's okay. I Know that after Snoop know that because I, I ch I chime in with Snoop, you know, when we don't talk for a while, I chime in with him like just this one, this Gub, I'm checking in, you know, we ain't talked in a minute, so I'm checking in. I can't do that with Dre.


You know, I, you know, me and Snoop, we, we talk all the time. 'cause recently, you know, we, we kind of like was distanced a little bit and I'm like, I hear Snoop like, what's going on? We ain't talked to him in a while, you know, but not knowing that he was going through some things and, and as your best friend got to tell me that. 'cause I ain't, I don't know if you don't tell me. So he had, had, you know, like he mentioned my, my daughter, her daughter came premature. So his granddaughter? Yeah. Oh yeah. So, and she's about to go home. Like he said she about, she's finally about to go home. I didn't know that. So he wasn't trying returning my call. So I was like, damn, this Snoop ain't with me.


What's going on? And then he finally hit me and told me what was going on. So I was like, damn man. So I told him, you know, I'm, you know, I'm always praying for you and I'm always there for you when like, I have been through all the situations that he'd have been going through. 'cause I went through that same exact thing where I lost my grandmother, my mother, my mother-in-law. I lost my, both aunties, my grandfather, I lost like all this was like in a row. And I, I was, I was fucked up, you know? So I've been through it. So that's why I was able to, to walk him through what he was going through with losing his mother. 'cause I lost mine too.


So just to, to be able there to tell him that, you know, and understand that this is life. This is what we're going to have to go through. You cry. 'cause I still cry, you know? Now Charlemagne, I cry now. I ain't, ain't rolling. Not like you said, like you said. Just say you, I miss you guys. You know what Emini here, it's just being a family again. It ain't, you know, I ain't, I ain't, you know, I ain't tripping other than that. But y'all came up together, y'all created a community and then just look at man, y'all survived. Yeah, That'd be beautiful. A just Sit around and kicking and just talk. We celebrate. Survived. Yeah. One thing that did have that that I was really crushed about was, I, it was a situation where I went into, I was in a studio situation and it was after Dre left.


And I didn't know that he left. And I was mad at him because he didn't tell me that he had left death row. So I went to a studio session, you know, you know, people was trying to get at me like, you know, they was trying to, trying to whoop my ass up in that. But you know, I got up out of the mix. But I was, I was kind of pissed off about that right there. And you know, I never got the call. Like, don't go around that. Wow. You know, so, and these, if they had the chance to crack my head open, they would've cracked it. You know? I was just able to get away and get outta that situation. I was, I had, I was locked and loaded, but it, it just wasn't worth it to end.


Everything I got going on right now for me cracking this for snatching my chains, snatched my chain. Then another guy came in, caused a diversion. When he caused that diversion, I walked out. And when I walked out is when I got out, I was able, I was able to get out, you know, get away and, and and able to make my calls for my to come right back. And it came right back. And I still got it to this day. I sounded like Trump when I said, Did you talk to Dre about that ever? We ain't never had, like I said, we ain't talked in a long so y'all Ain't talked since. That's the nineties. Early two thousands. Early Two thousands Emini here we see each other, you know, here and there.


So hold on. So since the, since aftermath Eminem 50 cent, that whole 50? No, we, we had, we had, we, we, around that time we used, I used to be up at the studio all now. Okay, okay. Okay. We, you know, we even went to the islands And wasn't y'all on the upper smoke tour? How am I making that up? We did the upper smoke tour. Yeah. It's just 4,500 a show. 4,500 a Show. I swear to God. Did they at least pay for your hotel and travel and all that? I had to pay for all that. Oh, 40 all In. Yeah. You made about 1500 a show it all that Jesus. Yep. Well and this Emini here, This, this is this. I'm just saying that's type of type of stuff that I've been through.


I want people to watch this interview and at the end of it, I want them to think to themselves, Warren G introduced Snoop de Dre. So West Coast rap wouldn't exist the way it does without you. And you saved Def Jam. Yeah. So the East Coast wouldn't exist the way it does without you because that a hundred million dollars def Jam man that they used that to invest into the next generation of East coast artists. Which the Warren, Jay-Z That's what I'm saying. You are a pillar in hip hop. Justin Bieber, I like comic books. I like the Marvel universe. Like you like Loki holding a bunch of branches together, you know, in this thing called hip hop. So man, they gotta give it up to you man. We appreciate you for joining us. No, it's all good. Thank you guys for having this game and love to hear your story and thank you.


I was getting ready to come in here. I was gonna say, we going get this started off right now. Oh, we finish up? Yeah. Hey, that was classic. I said down Crazy. Well thank you for joining us ladies and gentlemen. It's Warren g much love you guys. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight face Off. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. She gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on the latest with Lauren la Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything.


Well, it's the latest on The Breakfast Club. Talk, talk to Me. Well guys, Dame Dash texted me yesterday after our reports and he told me because I didn't lose Everything. What you talking about? Well, We won't get into that. But what he did tell me was we should be focused on the positives in situations and not be used to take down our culture. Make the real ones look good. Oh, why? That is interesting. Did he, did he focus on the positive when Jay-Z was going through his situation when, when they was coming at Jay-Z I saw him doing a lot of interviews, you know, not focusing on the positive day. Oh, When he was on the couch? Yes. Yeah. Recently. Well I wanted to take some time because of that to give.


But what's negative about it though? It was truth. It's a story. It factual, it's a story you reported. It's not like you made it up. I didn't make it up. It came from documents. But you know, everybody's entitled to their opinion when we talk about stuff and we report news up here. It happens. But I Think everything is learning lessons as well too. Right. It's very teachable moments in that very, a lot of teachable moments. Yeah. And maybe he feels like people only because he had sent me a song prior to that and we, I didn't report the song up here, but I I don't do a segment on new music. So whose Song Name of Dan got songs? Yeah, so he has a song that he had sent me. Let me pull the song up. I Don Ain't Got song. He gonna really be like, it's just negative now. Remix to Residuals. No. So the song is, it is something that he, I'm assuming he put out with Freeway.


It's called The Black Guns. It's Freeway and Nicki Leaky, it's called, it's called, I just Realized with the Black Guns Freeway and Nicki Leakey. So he sent me that or whatever, but I, when I, the last time I talked to him, I hit him because, you know, I wanna talk to people before I report certain things. Right. When I reported those documents that we talked about yesterday, I just hit him and said, Hey, let me know if you wanna respond to this. And he's not talking about that. He doesn't want to. But his response was, you know, don't just be used to take the culture down, give people their big ups. We, we, We definitely have big up his network, the American New network. But I also, I think he needs to practice what he preaches. 'cause it is interesting that when Jay was going through his legal situation, he definitely took that opportunity to speak on the negative.


Well, but he would probably say, I was just telling, I was just reporting what was out there. I was just talking about what was out there. So was you. So were we Actually, I I and it wasn't even just, just what was out there. I received the documents, I read them myself. 'cause anytime I speak on Dane Dash, I know that it's a personal thing for him because of how people try to frame the conversation. So I do a really different due diligence because I know how and personally he'll reach out to me. So, you know, but anyway, I, I said that to say I wanna take some time to give it up for a real one. Right now Roxy Diaz just announced a new job. Congratulations to Roxy Dropping a cruise bombs for Roxy. Yes. So per of the Hollywood Reporter and Roxy herself, she posted it as well. She will be co-hosting the American Gladiators reboot on Amazon Prime.


Nice. Yes. Now these, this reboot coming to Amazon Prime, they, they like the old show, they got together a bunch of different people across sports and they're gonna be doing a bunch of different things, but they're gonna keep some of the original, classic challenges that they had them do. Like the gauntlet, the hang tough, the eliminator. And she'll be co-hosting with wwe e Psych superstar, the Miz and Chris Rose from the NFL game. From NFL Game Day on the NFL network. And that's Why it's overseas. Right? It's not based in the us right? Yeah. She's shooting in France. That's, she was not at the BET awards. Yes, she was. She's filming that in France. That is the gig that people were like dragging her by not being at the BET awards for Congrat Congrat, but gotta get her money.


Congratulations Roxy. Yeah. That's a big gig. It is huge. Huge. And you know, you gotta focus on your now and your future. Exactly. Especially in our industry. Okay. Jobs is getting cut. Okay. Now also speaking to BET Awards. And Real quick, a a a production like that can't just change its dates. They won't, if you, you, you either there, you not Yes. And if you're not there, you, you're Loose out, Right? Yes. Yes. Roc They will not re will not change their dates. Speaking of BET awards, Kai Synap, he spoke out about not recognizing Wallet. It. Let's take a listen. Oh God, We still Talking about this. Jesus Wale. See I got name, I got name right. I'm gonna go ahead and say like to Wale, I hope he didn't take my interaction Personal. How can you blame me from just being who I am?


I'm young. I'm, I'm young. Let me, lemme go see Goddamn bomb. I know this song. Yes. Hundred percent a banger. This classic, I know this song, but when did this come out? 2011. I was nine years old. 2011 Kai Knight. And I am, yeah. Get off Kai's d like it is not that serious. He didn't know who Ale was, so what? Yep. But he wasn't disrespectful. That's the whole thing. He wasn't disrespectful about it at, you know. Yeah. And also too, Kai didn't recognize a couple other people as well. He didn't even know who Robin Thick was.


Yeah. How doing Robin Thick. Nice to meet you man. Nice to meet you. Nice. My wife April. How you doing? Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. We love what you do. Thank you so much. Appreciate it. Thank you. Legend. I don't know bro. Do you, do you know who Robert who? Robin Thick. Robin Thick. Thickest. Yeah. The singer. Where he at? Right there, there. Just say you watch me. I don't know. That is what I gotta hear. So he looks familiar. Yes. I, I can't remember say none of his lyrics, but I know that singer And you know, I know you know how, you know Kai is a respectful dude because he really don't be knowing these people, but he still be showing them respect. Yes. He still be like, what's up? How you good to see you? And he wants To know who they are As like who, okay, who are they? Who are they? He Don't just walk away, like whatever. Even on, even on the screen when you were talking about Wale, he said, yo, let me go, let me go do some research.


Yes. And that's what made him go. He said, he said, yo Chad, what's the song from him? And everybody was saying Load to fly Bomb. Yes. So then he went to look and listen. He was like, oh, I know. That song I noticed Is nothing personal. It's nothing personal. Let say, I can't believe we've been talking about this for a week. I was nine. But that's in 2011. Right. Honestly, that's how you know Kai is like Emini here. We already knew Kai was like big in such a conversation piece. But yes, people are still talking about this. His videos are still trending from the stream and you know, he's doing his thing. So that's, that's what what comes with it. Yes. He's now in other news making a, a very different segue. Antonio Brown is wanted for attempted murder, for alleged attempted murder. Now there's a warrant out for his arrest following that Miami Boxing match.


Exactly. The boxing match incident where there was a, the shooting that took place. Now law enforcement sources are saying that they're seeking to arrest Antonio Brown on a charge of attempted murder stemming from that incident that happened back in May. At this time, there's no update on whether he has turned himself in on this warrant or anything of that nature. But the warrant is out there. They're looking for 'em and yeah, that's A pretty one. Yeah. I tell everybody all the time when, when you know, it's, you can own a firearm in different states, but you have to know the laws. Right. So in some states there is no retreat law. Meaning if you got away from being in trouble or being that your life was, you know, that you thought your life was, maybe you were gonna lose your life, then you could re you know, then you could fire back. But if you are unsafe or you're f fleeing, you can't use that firearm on.


I thought Florida would stay on your ground. I don I thought you could shoot somebody if they sneeze on you in Florida. But I think he ran away from the guy to go get the gun. That's what the, the, the footage shows. And if that's the case, maybe Did they run after him? I don't think so. Mm. There Was a lot of running, a lot of shuffling in, a lot of things happening in that video. But according to reports from the Washington Post and from another reporter, there is an unnamed victim who allegedly met with law enforcement and claimed that AB opened fire at him following that physical altercation, which prompted the warrant for his arrest. And reports also state that the warrant will require a $10,000 bond and require Antonio Brown to remain under house arrest pending trial. Yeah. Yes. It's horrible. It is. All right.


You do not want your name next to no attempted murder. Not At all. At all. Or warrant it. It's gonna cost a lot of money. You not gonna to court today? You gonna court today? Yeah, I will. I will be headed to court today. We were there this week. No breakdown happened in court. It was a lot yesterday. Well, we ain't got a out of time, but I will say we got a second. Okay. So did Kanye Pull up? I heard Kanye pulled up. Kanye did not make it into the courthouse. I was told that he was in the area and that he did want to come to court, but he did not actually come to the courthouse. But yesterday on the stand, Jane Doe they finished her cross examination and recross examination and I know that she's speaking to certain charges like the trafficking and the cord and the force and those things. But I really don't understand why she's on the stand.


A lot of her testimony is just so flip-floppy yesterday on the stand, she actually admitted to being okay with the free call as long as she was getting what she wanted from Diddy, which was time, attention, be treated like a girlfriend. Money. Yeah, money. Those. So all the things that they're trying to prove of like, okay, you gotta be paid. You gotta be saying that you're gonna be exploited for certain things because you're doing certain things. She's like, well I was okay with that as long as I was getting what I wanted. So doesn't that look really vengeful on her to the jury? And Then she also say right following the Cassie assault video that I never seen him act, he never act like that to me. I never seen him act like that at all. So she did say that, but then they actually did get into a physical altercation after all the Cassie stuff. But it happened one time and it was, I I don't wanna say it was mutual combat because you know, they'll argue that a man string is stronger than a woman.


But she did, she slammed his head into a counter and then the, the back and forth happened physically. Oh, She slammed his head into a counter. Yes. Yeah. This don't seem like a good week for the prosecution. Yeah. It's just like they just put a bunch of scorned horse on the, on the thing. Yeah. Now that's What it feel like. Now Jane Doe also said something that she was in Vegas one time and she ran into another huge celebrity and a huge celebrity allowed rapper, some escorts to have sex with his wife. And everybody watched and she watched, what was That about? Tell Me She didn't even, she didn't just land in Vegas. She flew on that big rapper's jet with the big rapper and his wife and her girlfriend because her home girl was friends with them. And then when she got there they did a bunch of things. But one of the things that stood out was they ended up in a hotel room with a former escort that her and Diddy had like, you know, done their thing with and there was a Freak off going down allegedly.


And she was there. They asked her did she a Freak off without Diddy A Freak off without Diddy. Diddy. They flew into the Freak Off they flew in to go to a play and things and then it ended in a, a Freak off for this other rapper and his wife and Diddy wasn't there and wrapping up. But they did make the point that like, you know, Diddy was not there. And also they asked her did she engage, did she have sex with the rapper because she mentioned the rapper allegedly wanted to have sex with her. And she said no. But then they brought up the fact that she like flashed her nipples to the room or flashed her boobs to the room. And she said that. So like who's the Rapper? I don't know who the rapper is man. They're not, they're calling him the rapper. Everything Y'all just said pales in comparison to what I heard on Hollywood Unlocked when they said that Diddy was calling one of the girls his crack pipe. We got that crack pipe. Yeah that was his nickname for Dang.


Hey baby, we had a great time. Stay in the light. It's all good. Get your rest all pipe. That's my new name for you. Pipe. Should I call you cp? I wish a nigga would call me his that mean you addicted. But he was just saying he was Addicted to her. That's what his ology You would to the crack not the pipe. I don't wanna be the drug paraphernalia. I wanna be the actual dope. Well you don't know what he likes to put his mouth exactly. Crack pipe. Just me and you. Like the don't do the ex of having that long blast in your mouth. That's what that is. Then he ain't never beaten the allegations. Uhoh. And look at this Ciroc boy all grossed out. You've seen worse.


Right? You seen yo, If we do look like a Ciroc boy today, like I do not look like a Ciroc Boy. I am not a Ciroc Boy. How you tell how you give a girl a nickname and tell her you my glass D damn you my crack pipe. We gotta a wrap up. Jesus. Nobody Else was offended The way that Charlemagne hold held His two hands up. She used to call Go up 3000, whatever You call it. What if she used to call him Pooky? Damn Damn Pete Diddy and the pee stand for Pooky. All right. Pooky Diddy and my little crack fan. She ain't gonna be using that now you, you my glass D John Pooky comb? No she called on Michael Jordan 'cause she was Okay go to commercial. Alright, when we come back we got donkey today. Charlemagne opens up the phone line the people's and let you do it.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. You are checking out The Breakfast Club. It is your time to nominate a donkey of your own. Remember now that's it is how they choose call in now. (800) 585-1051. Yeah, it's donkey today for Friday, June 13th is the People's Donkey. On Fridays we like to open up the phone lines and allow you to listeners to give people the credit they deserve for being stupid. So who's this? What's Up y'all? It's Ja from Indy. Ja from Indy. Oh God. Who you want to get the biggest hee-haw to? Ja. I'm Gonna get a donkey to this family in Indianapolis. Man. I hate to sound insensitive, but you know, people pass away all the time.


This European family has decided to purchase billboard of their grandmother who passed away and plaster 'em throughout the city. And I'm like, we all lose people and I'm, I'm not insensitive, but we don't want to see over made fuel mortuary picture plastered on billboards throughout the city. So I'm telling them to take it down. It's like six of 'em. Ja, Ja. You sound, you sound like you hating and you sound like you mad that either your family can't afford billboards or nobody in your or nobody in your family is gonna put up a billboard to you when you pass. You sound very insensitive sir. And you sound like you hating. I'm not gonna lie, Just post it on Facebook when I go. But don't be buying billboards forcing me to grieve. I don't know Ogay.


I don't, I I hope somebody put up a billboard on me when I go, damn. I wouldn't mind, I wouldn't mind that at all Word. You wouldn't mind that either. J Nah, it's kind of weird and it's creepy. What's The name of the family again? Ogay Jeweler. I don't know. I made it up. They're European, but that's what I'm saying. It's a golden girl plastered through the city. Like we didn't know she was gonna go, she was up there. Okay, well I just want everybody to know this is Ja from India. This is the people's donkey. So you know, I don't want none of that bad karma and energy hitting me. You, you did this. It's not bad karma man. It alright Man. Exactly. You thinking about it now? Good morning. Who's this? Yo, what's up? This man from Atlanta, I gotta give the dunk good today to all these stupid Atlanta drivers. Who, who really? Not even from Atlanta, who can't drive.


And they need to hit this on a Friday. I'm telling you, you can't drive. Stop driving in the middle. Go to the right lane if you going north and stay to the left lane if you going south. Come on please. Atlanta. I, I can't even believe that you can even move Atlanta traffic be so bad. Y'all be at a standstill all the time. Honestly, it's, it's really bad. But you gotta know the times of the day. It's always between two and five and then six and nine. Those, those, those your busy times on the weekend. You just, you just effed up all the way. Damn. Okay, well thank you for calling my brother like that. Good morning. Who's this? Hey this is Will from Jersey. Will from Jersey. Who you wanna get the biggest haw to brother? Man I want to get a big hee-haw to the Democratic party bro.


Okay, talk to me Man. They getting ready to do like a Freak at a cut party, bro. They ain't doing nothing. They old like they just, they they getting hemmed up man. Trump. Trump just going hang on them boys. Hold on. You said they about to do what? Like a what party? I said they getting ran through like a Freak at a cut party man. Oh, I thought you said at a puff party. That's what you should have said man. He said they get ran through though. Damn. Ran through like a Freak at a puck party. Okay, I understand sir. Thank you for calling. All right, no worries. Good Mor. Good morning. Who's this? This Is Neba Neba. How are you? You who? You wanna get a biggest hee-haw to this morning? Well, I drive for Lyft And I wanna give all Lyft riders donkey and get, they're just so rude.


Your customers, They smell? Yeah. The dri the riders? Yes. Okay. They smell. Mm Damn. Damn yo. Most of them, most of them do not have ear pieces. So I gotta hear their conversation. Mm. And you wouldn't believe what I hear. What You been hearing me Tell me the craziest type, the conversation you've heard thus far. Well, females, you know, they tend to this and this, this and that. Everything is the N word. Do you ever hear somebody stink, be talking about how they be having sex and you think to yourself, who the hell would sleep with your musty ass? Yeah. No serious. Yeah. And females, it's more females than males that tend to smell That bb.


That BB And just, you know, don't slam my car door. Mm. I hate that too. This etiquette when you, when you are when you are a rider. But for me personally, Well can't the drivers rate the riders? Yes, I believe They can. I do. You should Do that. Yes. Yeah you can. And you should tell 'em that they stink. 'cause sometimes man, people won't be telling folks that they stink. People don't be knowing they musty and got BV and stuff and they need somebody to tell 'em. But you Can't do that because then they gonna file a complaint about you and then they're gonna get fired. Mm, Exactly. They could rape me. Yeah. And I could possibly get shut down. Mm Damn. Be activated. All right, well thank you for calling. You welcome.


Enjoy. All right, let's take one more. Good morning. Who's this? Good morning, beloved. Peace Beloved. How are you? What's your name? This is Nick from Neptune. Nikki who you wanna get a biggest Seahawk?


Hey, What up y'all? It's DEJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousins latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches your day. Brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe your fresh outta college just started in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State forum.com.


Hey, this is Jenny Garth from, I Do Part Two. Wanna try Ozempic but can't stand needles? You need to try Oral Semaglutide. It has the same active ingredient as Ozempic, but without the painful injections. Get access to Oral Semaglutide right now@futurehealth.com. Join those losing 10 pounds in their first month. Future Health makes it easy and affordable to gain access to weight loss meds like Oral Semaglutide, Ozempic and Zep Bound for only $3 a day. You don't need insurance or have to go to a doctor's office. Just a quick, easy process All online, get the best results at the best price with future health. Take the three minute quiz@futurehealth.com. Get approved and start losing weight this week. Visit future health.com. That's future health without the e.com. Future health weight loss data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. That means when you buy a Toyota, you can feel confident that your investment will last. Toyota has dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, including the 2025 Tacoma Tundra and forerunner, the plugin hybrid RAV4, and even the hot news sra. These five models rank in the top 10 for resale value of all vehicles according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com and have a retained value after five years that is thousands higher than the average vehicle. So after countless carpools road trips and off-road adventures, your Toyota will still have plenty to give both on the road and towards your wallet. Shop. Buy a toyota.com for a great deal on the vehicle that's right for you today and tomorrow. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelly Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co. Inc. Toyota. Let's go places


Two. I wanna get a big a pee haul to an orange man and his big citrus bag of workers with still having that parade and and wasting all that money. Yes, the parade is tomorrow, the US Army Parade. It's costing $45 million. He says it's coming out his own pocket though. I don't know how, you know, I don't know how true that is, but We know he lie all the time. But Beloved, I got a suit and they wanna do a a just two. Okay, Hold on. My name's And I wanna donkey my little sister on one. What? What your little sister do? She being stupid all the time.


Oh damn. Why you just can't tell your parents? You gotta call the radio and give her a donkey of the date. Hello? Yeah. That's a black though. All damn, all. Where is she right now? I think she went on her van to go to the school. She went to what? She Went on her van to go to school. The van? Yeah. What you mean the van? I, I don't, it's probably just a school van to come pick up. Oh okay, okay. Yeah. Certain areas they don't have a bus 'cause not that many kids. Oh, got you, got you, got you. Okay, lemme talk to your mama real quick. Okay. Why is mother let Me, I'm not mama, I'm the school driver. You the school driver. Why you let that little boy call that little girl just now?


Listen, he wanted to get on there and put the donkey on his sister. That Ain't right to talk to him but that ain't right. She gotta get on the little van and you doing that. And why you on the phone driving that little boy around? Because I'm taking him to school. Why you not taking a little sister to school too? Oh my gosh. Because she gets on a different van. I don't understand what's going on right now. I feel like I need to call child services. What's your name again? No, hello Is two different drivers and the kids go to two different schools. Oh, okay, okay, okay, okay. Exactly. Okay, well well thank you for calling Nikki. Tell him Jeff, come on Jeff. Exactly. He has. I love you guys. You have a great weekend and have a best Father's Day, you and Vy.


Thank You Nikki. Appreciate you Jesus. All right. We do that every Friday. It's the people's donkey. Okay. You can call up and give somebody the credit they deserve for being stupid on Fridays man. Thank y'all for calling. What we doing next? Well it's Friday, so you know what that means. It's freaking freaky Freaky Friday. And you know we found out in the Diddy case this week that Diddy referred to one of his girlfriends as a crack pipe. Can we play the audio? Think I pulled it up. Give him a second. There we go. Hey baby, we had a great time. Stay in the light. It's all good. Get your rest all pipe. That's my new name for you.


Pipe. Should I call you cp? That was his nickname for her crack pipe. He called her a glass d He should have said crack but crack pipe just takes it to a, it's Just crazy. Yeah. I'm just gonna call you crack. You know what Emini here. I wonder what her response Was. Just drug para familiar bro. I, I told you what the response was. She called him Pooky. Pooky like having that glass D in his mouth. Okay, bet. Alright, let's open up the phone lines. So what's question's? The stupidest you ever gave somebody? Yeah. What's the stupidest nickname? Oh my God. You ever gave somebody and they always think the stupid name sound fly Crackpot? Yeah. You my little crackpot. What? I don't know. Niggas in Baltimore used to say you my little snickerdoodle.


The snickerdoodle? Yeah. My snicker Doodle. That's a dog right? Ain't that a dog? That's a cookie. Oh a cookie. The hell. That's not, that's not a, I actually that's fly though. Anick Doodle. Yeah, But you, you got, you can't say snickerdoodle like you gotta say snickerdoodle. I think define, define ish is stupid too. You my little fine. Fine. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Little fine ish. That's new. I ain't never had, I ain't never Don't call me no doodle. Don't call me no poop. Man, shut up man. Slang man. You know what they mean? Fine ish. You don't mean like doodle You know that or Doy Myy butt dookie butt. 805 8 5 1 4 Know y You know how you get that name? Yeah. Duke put us in the future. Oh the future had Future ruined the generation.


When he told y'all that, when the future said put your thumb in the, you know people pulled that thumb out more than the plums on it. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What's the dumbest, I guess pet name or dumbest name you mentioned to call somebody. Let's talk about it. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. He a fan. He a fan here. He has, he a 69. Gods The Breakfast Club. Freaky Freak Freak. Friday it's freaky. Call in now. (800) 585-1051. Hey We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, just hilarious Charlamagne guy.


We are The Breakfast Club. It's Friday. So you know what that means. It's freaky, Freaky Freaky Friday. And we just recently found out that Diddy has a nickname for his girl. Let's listen to the audio. Hey baby, we had a great time. Stay in the light. It's all good. Get your rest All Pipe. That's my new name for you. Pipe. Should I call you cp? Yeah. Crack Pipe. He refers to one of his ex-girlfriends as his crack pipe. You know crack pipe is a drug paraphernalia so disrespectful. It's also referred to as a glass DI can't say what the D stands for on the radio. So just know that Diddy used to like having that Glass S mouth. That was his nickname for her.


Okay. Crack Pipe. And she called him Pooky in return. She did not Call him? No, she did not call him P'S Magic. No, no. That's your own little Pooky butt fantasy. So the question is 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We're we're talking stupid pet names or stupid nicknames. Let's start with you. You got any? Have you heard any? No. She said No. No I didn't. I ain't never called nobody nothing stupid. And then ain't nobody ever call me nothing stupid. Well you said you used to get called Little Snicker Dole. No, I said in Baltimore call other girls like my little snicker. Oh, I thought you said that to you Like night before my sister became gay. She had a the night Before. Your sister being What? Yeah man. Before she became a sugar cookie It was this guy.


Yeah. Before She became a sugar Cookie she was dealing with this guy. Yo. He used to call it his little snickerdoodle. Mm yeah but a lot of young guys, a lot of Yns called girls that in Baltimore. My little Snickerdoodle. That makes all the sense in The World though. Yes, because Snickerdoodle cookies are nice. They sweet. Oh my God. That soft. Yeah. You know what Emini here that make, that's actually dope. Little Snickerdoodle. Yeah. Didn't somebody used to call you Little Sugar Cookie? No. Especially in the winter. You, you call me Little Sugar Cookie in the winner. Don't they call you Sugar Cookie? No, you call me Little Sugar Cookie. I ain never call you no little sugar, Sugar cookie. You call me Waffle something too. Yeah, I, I don't Emini here. I don't do nicknames 'cause I've only had one woman for my whole life and she, yeah I got a nickname for her but it ain't nothing crazy. Okay. What is it?


Oh yeah I do like that. I heard you call you after there before. That's Cute. Ain't crazy. Yeah. Let's go to the phone line. What you call Gia? Hold up. Call her Pooky. Pooky Pooky. That's my pook. Okay. She call you her little crack pipe. Crack. Hey yo. You her crack. First thing be Pooky was my pooky N is crack pipe. All right, we get it now. We get it. They don't call her Pooky. You say Pooky Pook and she call you cp. Oh my goodness. Hello? Who's this? Hi, this is Keisha. Keisha. We talking Keisha stupid nicknames. So I was dating this guy. His thing was so little. So me and my homegirl used to call him Roku 'cause it was like small, like the little people.


Oh my God. Damn Roku. Damn, that's f Oh my God. Damn. Whoa. Damn. That's fair. That's what you had In his phone, Man. You got a nickname dude. Sometimes that's All. That's what you had in your phone for him too. Yes. Roku. So lemme ask you question. What made you pick up the phone? Phone Him? Was he a nice guy? At least damn Emini Here he was, he was cool and stuff And I was trying to work with what he had, but it it, it just wasn't working. That is crazy. Damn. So listen, so listen, you had better cap, you had better screaming packages other than Roku, right? Clearly. So did, did you have right? Yes, of course. So what do you call the guys that were better screaming plans. Emini here, you know, there's the, the horse, there's, you know, all types of damn damn bang for the bigger ones.


Jesus, thank you for calling it man. You're so Disrespectful. I love you guys. Love You too too. But if you gonna call him Roku. I wanna be Netflix the horse. Why don't you call me the horse? Hello? Who's this? This is VN from Minneapolis. Vaughn. What's up? What? What You said Ron? I thought You said Vaughn. Vaughn. V-A-W-N-V. What's up Vaughn? You know Like Don Vaughn. We got you. We got you. We got you. We talking pet names? Yeah. I used to call my baby mama Sugar tits. Okay. First of all, how old are you bro? That sound like some the fifties. I'm sorry. I'm, I'm 48. I'm 48. I'll be 47 next month. I ain't out here calling nobody Sugar S Man, sugary. I tell you, We don't want know.


Thank you All. You still be hitting it? Yeah, you know, hitting it, licking it, all the Above. Is that your girl? Because you said baby mama, are y'all still together or y'all just sleep together from time to time? We sleep together all the time. She's the only person I'm having sex with. I try to keep it that way because I don't trust other monkeys out here. There's contaminated monkeys out here. How do I wanna get Contaminated? So why you just don't marry her? Ain't work for Her? Hey, it's been a thought man. I really haven't been thinking about it, Man. You 48 years old, old, you get your high cholesterol having thats pre-diabetic ass down that aisle. You know what I'm saying? My cholesterol. Hey, you on the mark bro? I got, got cholesterol. I'm working on it. Yeah, me too. Well, my mind down now truck.


I'm a truck driver UPS. So I'm doing good and great. Well change your lifestyle, you know, change your diet, change your exercise more and take your, take your, take Your, I lost 15 pounds here recently. There you go. I'm doing good. All right brother. Go Marry sugar. It's Friday. So you know what that means. It's Freaky, Freaky, freaky Friday. And the freaky, freaky, freaky Friday question is coming from Diddy in the Diddy's case. He has a nickname for Jane Doe and let's hear him talk about it. Hey baby, we had a great time. Stay in the light. It's all good. Get your rest all pipe. That's my new name for you. Pipe. Should I call you cp? So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1.


What is some stupid nicknames? You have somebody? We got Porsche on the line. Portia, good morning. Good Morning. DJ Envy. Good morning Charlamagne. Jeff And I don't know if Lauren is still there. Hey girl. No, she had to go to court, but hey girl. Oh, a nickname that I've heard. Not anyone that's called me a doodoo. Somebody called you a Doodoo. I've heard like nobody ever called me doodoo, but I've heard like people call their kids because I'm from, I'm from Florida. So like Miami, like that's a pretty popular nickname. Doodoo Doo ain't it? Huh? Doodoo iss not it. No. Yeah, No. I've heard people say doodoo. Nah, I, I, I've heard people, I call you like Shorty Stain, but I ain't gonna call you doodoo. What? That's not sexy. That that is sexy. 'cause somebody stain like that ain't Ain't even putting no dog into it.


Not Sexy, but it is. It's, it's a nickname. It's not sexy at all. But it's a nickname that I've heard a lot down here. And even like some older kids. I'm like, that's not, it's stink, but it's not cool. It's not cute. Well I hear people say Stank, it be like little stink. Yeah, he stank. It's my little stink. Hey stink. Yeah. I Don't, nobody put the little on it. Don't nobody be Saying that a lot. Big stink. Speedy. Speedy. Yeah. Speedy Noman. You'd be like, Hey Stank. That's a lot. Little stink. Hello, Who's this? This is Taylor. Hey Taylor. Good morning. You, you got a stupid nickname? Yeah, I used to call my girl Bob. Bob? Yeah. BOB. Does She look like A bob or does her heavy bobbing? Nah, her mom used to take her phone all the time 'cause she's on punishment. And she used to text me from random numbers like her friends in her class.


And so one day I asked her, I was like, who is this? She was like, it's Bob. And so it just kind of stuck as like an inside joke. Oh, Got you, got you. So you gay? Yeah. Yeah, I'm a girl. But they didn't think, they didn't think you was gay when Bob caught you fake stud? Yeah, her mom didn't think she was gay either, I guess. Damn. Oh okay. I got it. So that's why she had the, oh, alright. Now she out here bobbing for Hello? Who's this? This is El from Jersey. What's up El from Jersey. We're talking stupid nicknames. Stupid nicknames. I did use the the crack one before, but it was more so you knew it was bad for you but you couldn't stay away from it once you used It.


But you talking about the drug, the most Recent one. I had a girl that I would call a gremlin because when you got a my, when you got, she basically turn into a monster. I like that. And I used, I would use that all the time until one day I'm like, yo, that stupid as heck man. No it's not. That's fire. I with you. That is fire. You my little gremlin. Why? Because when you get turn to a month. Oh my god. Well actually you should be, you should actually be calling her Ogay though. But I get why I get it though. I get where you're going with it. Either way you Get it. That's fire. I like that. All right. I might call my wife that this weekend. You little gremlin. Hello? Who's this? Damn. And I'ma feed you after being Yo, what's up? What's up?


Oh, what's up Trav? What's Up Jeff? Hey. Hey. Sorry Trav. I know you just was out here calling people glass. You ain't even tape crack pipe. You just got right to it, didn't you? Jesus. But listen, I did have this friend, I used to call him him Arby. I know y'all know what the theme ain't gonna lie. He had all Vibe. Man. I love that. That fire too. Now with them last tubing fire. I don't care what Say not call your wife in my call. You better not call no woman. You call a woman Harvey something wrong. She needs get some vaginal rejuvenation or something.


Hello? Who's this? This pretty? He Pretty pretty What? Pretty, Hey good morning. We're Talking stupid nicknames this morning. You got one? Yeah, I got one. It didn't start off stupid. It was lit at first but it didn't age well. I used to call my brother Diddy in my city and it caught on And I, everybody's trying to figure out why everybody's calling him Diddy and the questions we get is ridiculous. It just didn't age well. That's, You know what's so funny? Everybody had a Diddy in they city. Yep. Everybody wanted to be p Diddy, miss Diddy slash eu to miss there. Everybody wanted to be the diddy of they city now. Nobody wanted be the James change the name right up. Exactly. Gotta change the name immediately. Immediately.


You know who had the funniest one? Remember when that girl was confronting Neo and she was like little Diddy, she kept out. Tell him about the Freak off. Diddy Junior. Diddy Junior. Tell him about the Freak off. That's messed up. That was, thank you Freddy. Jesus Christ. What's the moral of the story y'all? The moral of the story is nicknames are dope. You know what Emini here, but really nicknames are are between you and that person. Yeah. Right. So it ain't really supposed to make sense to nobody else. Like what my nickname is for you. You know why I call you that? Yeah. All right, well, well we come back, Nila will be joining us past the A. She's gonna be putting us to some of the newest records out and we'll talk to her next. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


The Breakfast Club. Yeah. Dj come spin. Come spin. What's up nla? Hey Girl. What's Up guys? Nla Simone. Big Nla. Big weekend for you. Shut up. Yo. This guy. Yo, this guy. Get on my shirt. I Said clown. Why is it big weekend? What'd you do this weekend? You know, just DJing. I DJ the Army festival every year, so it is a big weekend. Oh Because I, wow. I know. Nevermind. No, No, it's so cool.


So gonna, You said a big army festival. Wow. At the The National Monument. Okay. DC But I do it every year. You know, my father's a veteran. My mother has worked for the Army for over 20 years. So that's, you know, this is like normal for my life. But anyway, let's get into the music. The first song I wanna get into is this new joint from Kani. It's called Faded. And it's so funny because I was already gonna play this record, but people online were tweeting me and was like, you better play this record on Friday. Mm. I was already gonna do it. I love Kalani Kalani Emini here. Kani. She's just dope and consistent like She always slapped. That's Dope. Yeah, Very consistent. Yeah. One of my personal favorites. So shout out to Kalani And I think projects on the way.


So I'm excited about that. Next time we get into a new joint from Chris Brown, it's called Holy Blindfold. Yes. Never fails. Never. Never fails. Never. Another one. That's just great and consistent. That's right. Definitely. What, what's up with all these great and consistent artists today? I listened to Pastor Off hit the New New Oh, oh, Oh. Okay. Well great. That's coming up next. I just got shout it out that they still deserve the highlight. Yes, Yes they do. Especially Chris. Yes. Are you Chris Brown? Stan? What? Yeah. Okay, me too. I'm Chris Brown X, but yes. Oh, I think I did see that. Yeah, he got you the ring on The Breakfast Club. Okay. Alright, just go ahead. Go ahead. What else we got? Alright, the next record is actually a artist named O'Dell.


He signed to LVRN and he's kind of like Afrobeat sounding infused with like Brent faas, like if I had to, to like make a baby of them. But he's putting out a new project and the first song of the project is called London Summer. Damn. Okay. Nyla? Yeah. Yes. Three for three. Sure. Okay, great. One thing about a London Summit though, you gonna need some deodorant? I Oh right, okay Dude, London Summers can get a little mustard. You know, You have a really big thing with hygiene. I don't know what It is. Yes I Do, but everything always reverts back to hygiene and appearance. You, As soon as I heard that London Summer, I was like, No God. Well if y'all like what y'all heard, make sure you follow me on the gram at Nyla Simone.


N-Y-L-A-S-Y-M-O-N-E-E-E. Tonight I will be in Brooklyn with it. We got our Battle of the Beats in partnership with Timberland's Beat Club and also in partnership with 24 7 artists. So we have some super dope producers who are competing tonight. This is one of my favorite events 'cause it's kind of like low maintenance. 'cause producer producers aren't as like needy as artists and they're also just super thankful to be acknowledged. And then we also have like a headshot booth for producers to get like clean headshot since you guys always got dusty studio photos. So go over there. You Know what producers need now too? You should always res to the producers they need tags. Tags, yeah. On their music. We was talking like, 'cause Rodney Jerkers was here talking about a couple of producers that we never heard of and I'm like, yo, they don't have tags on their beats.


Tag your beats, man. It Depends on the life you want, but yeah, yeah, that's true too because like Clark Kent ain't never tagged none of his beats. That is true. But he's also already, like he was, He came before an era of, of that when people Were doing that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He did. Interesting to debate though. I I asked clue about that too one time, but okay, make sure you guys follow the playlist. Pull up on me in Brooklyn tonight And this weekend. Us Army's Grand Military Parade. Yes. Shout out to all the, the, the soldiers and the vets. We appreciate Now I've been doing that for the last three years, right? Yeah. Three Years. Yeah. That's Dope. Yeah, it's an honor. Good full circle moment. All right, now when we come back, we got you A military brat, People's choice mix. Let's get to it. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake up.


Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. Iste j Envy, just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now this weekend I'm gonna be out in Atlantic City with Vibes cartel. Nice. So it's a look to all the fathers out there as a Father's Day show. And then Sunday I will be back home with my pops and dad barbecuing. Hopefully if it doesn't rain. So you said Your pops and dad On my pops and Dad. Right? Some people call him Pop's dad, whatever. My Pops, you said two, you said it like, but because your, your father, your other father's in in jail right now. Who? Who Father Freak. You just, that's who you That's not my boss Daddy. You called him daddy the other day. No I didn't The other day we got the audio you called, you called Father Freak Daddy the other day.


Oh God. Only got one pops. Well Why you called him daddy then? Oh my goodness. Happy Father's Day to all the dads out there. Jesus Christ. And you're gonna be in Pittsburgh this weekend. I'm gonna be in Pittsburgh today and tomorrow. We got two shows tonight at the Improv in Homestead, Pennsylvania, which is Pittsburgh, and then two shows also tomorrow. Jess Hilarious official.com for the tickets. And then next week I'm in Buffalo. So get your tickets, meet me at the Helium. Also, you can get the tickets from jess artist official.com and then Monday meet us at Top Golf. The Moola Foundation presents a fellowship event for fathers. Dads on the green come out, have some drinks, some food. And I said the kids gonna be in school, but I don't really know too many kids that's in school.


I wasn't even thinking about that. So just leave the kids in the house and come out, get your drinks on, get your, your food, your music and everything. Come fellowship with us, man. Now Charla man, you got a positive note? I do. I wanna shout out the, the Lian Mandy, man, you know their book No Hoes Barred Comes out December Emini here June 24th in just a, just a few weeks, like 10 days. What's the day? The 13th? Yeah, like 10, 11 days. They're booked, no holds barred. A dual manifesto of sexual exploitation and power. It comes out in 11 days so you can pre-order it now if you're a fan of the Horrible Decisions podcast now the Decisions Decisions podcast, then you're gonna really, really love this book, which will be out June 24th. But it's available for pre-order now on Black Privilege Simon and CHUs to publish it, man.


So salute to them. Now the positive notice simple fathering is not something perfect men do. It is Father's Day weekend. So I want y'all to remember this. Fathering is not something perfect men do, but something that perfects the man. Happy Father's Day, my brothers Breakfast Club bitches. Do y'all finish or y'all done?


Hi, I'm Danielle Official from Pod Meets World. So for my two boys, I got Samsung Galaxy Watch for kids. And I'm not saying I'm kind of jealous of my kids' tech, I am saying I am definitely jealous of my child's tech. This thing lets them call, text and explore all from their wrist. No smartphone required. And don't worry, you are still the boss. You control who they can talk to and yes, you can totally stock their location in real time. Get Galaxy Watch seven on T-Mobile. Now Kid Ready with a new paired line. Visit T-Mobile dot com to order yours today. Parent and Child must have a Samsung account and Google account with Family Link requires initial pairing with a compatible Samsung smartphone and qualifying wireless plan with LTE Service activated. Please check with your carrier for more information. Trusted contact applies to compatible apps. It does not restrict communication through third party or other communication apps. Emergency services and contacts remain accessible. Location sharing is dependent on network connectivity and device being recently active T-Mobile terms via 24 monthly bill credits. When you add qualifying paired watch line, see additional offer terms on T-Mobile dot com.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income census tracks also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say Do Wells Fargo Bank, NA member FDIC.


Hey, this is Jenny Garth from I Do Part Two. Wanna try Ozempic but can't stand Needles? You need to try Oral Semaglutide. It has the same active ingredient as ozempic, but without the painful injections. Get access to Oral Semaglutide right now@futurehealth.com. Join those losing 10 pounds in their first month. Future Health makes it easy and affordable to gain access to weight loss meds like Oral Semaglutide, ozempic, and Zep Bound for only $3 a day. You don't need insurance or have to go to a doctor's office. Just a quick, easy process all online, get the best results at the best price with future health. Take the three minute quiz@futurehealth.com. Get approved and start losing weight this week. Visit future health.com. That's future health without the e.com. Future Health weight Loss data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion,


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it Pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.