
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing misogyny seats to ease stress, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, Moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather pointed seats are optional features.


Some in the south side of Chicago is calling and the back May 16th on Paramount Plus this season, the women are rewriting the rules in the Showtime original series from Emmy win. Alina Wa they've been loyal, they've been patient, and now it's payback time. But the minute the shy aren't giving up their power without a fight, nobody's backing down until the throne is earned and nothing will ever be the same. Don't miss the shy new season screaming May 16th, only on the Paramount Plus with Showtime Plan.


KFC, chicken and Waffles, fresh juicy chicken and rich waffles with syrup. It's the kind of sweet and savory order that will make people stop whatever they're doing and stare in envy. So as you dig into your mouth, ordering original recipe chicken and warm waffles or dip them in your syrup. Try not to eat near people. Crossing the street, driving cars, handling heavy objects or operating heavy machinery, you know, for their safety. KFC Chicken and Waffles is the order people are gonna envy. KFC is finger licking good?


Okay.


Have you heard about this last year The green change, the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool Rush sent back. Now it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. It's the reason it's the number one men's antiperspirant and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool Rush for yourself.


Good morning. USA Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo. Yo. Jess. Hilarious. Good morning. Charlamagne's running a little late and it's Tuesday. How you feeling, Jess? I feel good. Yo, listen, so y'all know about the experience that I told y'all that I had at the Comedy Club in Detroit. In Detroit, right? Yep. Yo, if one more person hit me up, like, yo, I'm the owner. I'm sorry about everything that happened. How many owners were there? I'm a real owner, but nah, people were trolling people. My fans trolling Detroit. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yo niggas coming in to email like, Jess, I'm sorry about everything that happened at my club, if you'd have hit me up. 'cause I'm, I'm the owner. I'm yo everybody is doing that.


Darnell Rollins text me, right? He Said he's the Owner and was like, yo, you know, you could have called, you know, you could have called me about my club, you know that I'm the owner of the one Mike. I'm like, yo, stop playing everybody. Did The club reach out? They did. They did. They, they reached out to management. I'm done with they ass. I don, I don, you know, everything is fine. They're Trying to make things right. Yeah. Yeah. But it is just, you know, just, just learn that. They just gotta learn from that experience and you know, just get up on their game. But yo, these old dudes be mad. Yo. What you mean? So remember I said, you know, the, the, I thought I was going to see Damon Waynes on the wall. Yeah, yeah, yeah. When, you know, And I saw Damon Williams. Damon Williams was mad. He was Mad Joe, look, I, I don't be knowing everybody. Like, that's the thing.


And look, I did meet him. Right? Right. I just met him. You didn't throw a shot at him. You said, I thought I would meet. I I'm Dam Shas. It was Dam Williams. Right. I said, I wasn't sure. You are a fine comedian, da da da da da. But you know how, remember a couple months ago, he was like, yo, don't let the internet trick you out. The same thing happened. So old dude, yo, apparently he is a, a Chicago legend. Okay? He's a comedian, great comedian. Everybody know him. And I, I didn't know, right? And then he get in the comments and he talking about, I ain't no fan backstage. I I you got amnesia. And I go to his page And I see he posted the picture with the video that I did yesterday from here. He posted a picture of me and him. I just met him. I, I did, I do the New Year's Eve show with D Ray every year in Chicago.


So he was on the show, And I did meet you backstage and you did tell me that you were a fan of mine. It's okay that you could be a fan of mine. Yo. These old niggas as Wow. You stop, you better stop with these old I I know. That's the last old come take today. Right? That's the last thing. Last thing I'm gonna say. I'm sorry brother. I'm gonna get into your comedy. It's all right. Nah. Salute to what's his name? Damon Williams. Yes. Damon Williams. S Chicago Legend. Chicago Legend SLU Drop a bomb for one more time period. That wasn't a shout at you yesterday, sir. No, it was not. You shout at the club. She just said she thought she was seeing Damon Williams. Things happen. Yes. Wasn't a shot at you. You are a very funny individual. I think I seen a show that you did one time. Yeah, I was on a show with 'em, but I didn't know. I meet so many people. I'm like, I'm sorry. I don't know all of y'all. I don't know everybody like that. It's all good. They'll be upset for a day.


Yeah, they'll be all right. Now look to the New York Knicks. Can we drop a bomb for the New York Knick? Charlemagne was talking yesterday that the New York Nation, they won, needed to win that game. Game won. And they won last night. Yes. So we got one more game that we making into the Eastern Conference finals. Jason Tatum. He did get injured. We'll talk about that in Front Page News now. Also, Lex p and Drea Nicole will be joining us. They're the host of the Poor Minds podcast. They have a show on BET called Travel Queens. Yes. And we'll talk to them. And Lauren LaRosa was at the Diddy trial yesterday. She was there from 8:30 AM to 7:00 PM Damn. So she's gonna fill us in. Everything that happened inside. Did She woke yet? She, I she, she just walked in. Okay. She just, she just got in.


She's going for day two. Oh Lord. She's not as dressy as day one. I think she realized like, yeah, I, that she had on flip flops today. She ain't have more. She's Not come over here with no damn flip flops. Well, we'll talk to her in a little bit from Age News is next is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Djj. NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news now, some quick sports. The Knicks beat the Celtics last night. 1 21, 1 13. They lead that series. Three one Tatum. They're saying that he might have torn his Achilles, so we'll get, he was rushed to the hospital, they said, and they'll do a checkup today. And Achi Leagues is worse than hamstring, right? Yes. That's it. Damn. Yes. Yes.


And the Timber Worlds beat the Warriors last night. 1 17, 1 10. They lead that series three one. And just a heads up in the NBA draft lottery. First round. Dallas got the number one pick. So Dallas got the number one pick. So they have Kyrie, they have aunt, and now we'll see. What's Cooper flag? Huh? Now Cooper Flag. Yeah. Cooper Flag from Duke. That's who they're probably gonna pick up. Morning Morgan. Sorry for the time. Nah, you good? Let's just get right into it. How y'all doing? We good? Yes. All right. Alright. I'm gonna just move on. All right. So more than four dozen Africaners have come into the US and President Trump, he pretty much funded it. A group of 49 white Africaners who were granted refugee status by the Trump administration departed South Africa on Sunday night and landed Dulles International Airport in Northern Virginia on Monday.


Now President Trump signed an executive order in February. Granted an exception claiming minority Africaners were being un were being treated unfairly in South Africa. During a press conference yesterday, a reporter asked, why are you creating an expedited path into the US for white South African refugees? Especially during a time when your administration has pretty much halted all refugee admissions. And here's what the president had to say about that. Farmers are being killed. They happen to be white, but whether they're white, white or black makes no difference to me. But white farmers are being brutally killed and their land is being confiscated in South Africa. And the newspapers and the media and television, media doesn't even talk about it.


If it were the other way around, they'd talk about it. That would be the only story they'd talk about. Respectfully, Mr. President, we're talking about it right now. But Deputy, deputy Secretary of State, Christopher Landau, he welcomed the Africaners African farmers. When they arrive to Dulles International Airport, the group will now have a pathway to US citizenship and be eligible for government benefits. And for those who don't know, apartheid was a system of legalized racial segregation and discrimination enforced by white minority government in South Africa from 1948 to 1994. It involves separating people based on race, particularly, particularly restricting the rights of, of and opportunities of the black majority. And of course, the word apartheid means separateness in Africans.


So it seems like, you know, if, based on what the president is saying, it just seems like you know, it, it, it, it is par for the course. It is on brand. Well, I'm just curious to see why those four individuals, why those four Africans are allowed in the country and nobody else is allowed in the country. Four white African. Oh, four white Africans. Yeah, You right. It's four. It's 49 of them. Oh, 49 of Them. But why's 49 of them? But why, like, what's, what's the deal with that? Because you're so into getting people out the country that's not here the right way and this, that, and the other. But you let these four dozen white Africans coming, it doesn't even make sense. It maybe they have Vibrio nine. Oh my gosh. Is it only 49 white Africans over there and African? Because I didn't know that they were white Africans.


What? Yeah, in South Africa there are white Africans. African Musk is a white African Shut Up. Yeah, he's white. He is white. South Africa from South Africa. Yes. That might be all his family. But Basically they're saying it's racist. It's racism. They're being treated unfairly by their government and yeah, they're, they're fleeing their country because of unfair treatment and racism. Cooper Flagg is a white African too. Did y'all know that Cooper Flagg is? Yeah. Y'all didn't know that, did you? I don't know. But if that was true, You had to think about it. He was like, damn, he ball He ball, he can't play ball mix. He tall and he tall. That makes sense. Right. There's always been exception.


People gonna be mad. People gonna be mad at me. 'cause I did not know that, that there was white Africans. I know that white Africans bring up me like you did not know. Like no, I did not know. I don't think they talk like that though. Oh, so they talk white still. I've never heard of white African talk like that though. All right. Uhuh call up The African accent is a little different. The white Africans to call up. Yeah, call up a few. White African. Jesus Christ. Alright, well Morgan, we'll see you next hour. Yeah, we'll get into something else in the next hour. But I'll keep you guys posted on this story as time as it develops. Alright, Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open again. (800) 585-1051. Call us up right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


The Breakfast Club. It's a new day. This is your time to get it off your chest. Wake Up whether you're mad or Blessed, it's time to get up and get something. Call Up now. Five eight five oh five one. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? What's up DJ Enzi. What's up brother? How you feeling? I like everything. Good. I want to speak to Jess. Hilarious. Go ahead. She's here. Hello. Hey, I'm the white African you talking about. Hello. How are you? How's it been? Everything Good. I'm also the club, the club owner in Detroit. Yo, you an idiot. Get off the, get off idiots.


Yo. Hello? Who's this? Yo, what's going on? Envy? What's going on Charlamagne? What's up? Just good morning. It's Rick. Rick. What up brother? Up Rick, I ain't seen you sister Pop. I ain't heard from you sister Pop. I know, man. What's Up? I know. I appreciate you signing my book too, man. Sir, I had a good time. I appreciate you brother. Thank you for coming up. Hey Charlemagne, I'm I'm, I'm traumatized, bro. What? I'm talking to my, to my cousin yesterday and he's telling me that my grandfather had seven outside kids. Dang, that sound about right. That I didn't, that I didn't know about though. So mom, this dude that I grew up thinking that was my mom's friend and my family friend. It's actually my uncle.


So I called my mom that tell me. So now I'm like, how many other people that I think are my regular friends and family that are actually my uncles or Aunts. Man, think about this. How many of your actual cousins you probably had sex with growing up and didn't even know That's why I'm, because I'm like, yo, I could probably cut at least one. That's right. That, that's crazy. We gotta do better as people Emini here. Yeah, we, we, we do keep secrets from each other. You know what, Emini here? Yeah. But it that's, that's regular though. Especially if you from the south, like that's, that's so regular. But then, but then you wonder why we, so we act so crazy sometimes because like, yo, we be intermingling and we don't even know we'd be intermingling. That's right. But That's deeply rooted like from generations to generations back.


We be mixing all we be in that we don't know and we thinking somebody's crazy. We not crazy just because we, we mixing The World DNA together. Now you got a cousin licking his elbow and you don't know why. Yo. Yeah. You dunno why he we blaming vaccines for autism. It's gonna be, we dunno. That is, that is very true. That's not, that's shut up. That's not always, you know, you know, God got a sense of humor too sometimes. He just like, I'm gonna just do something different with this one. You know what, Emini here, she's stupid. It ain't gotta be incest all the time. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club.


I'm telling I'm Hey, what doing man? Call calling. Yo, This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed. 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Hi, how you doing? I'm doing Well. Black and Holly favored. How are you? I'm Fine. I just wanna tell everybody good morning. God bless. But I just wanna really say that my heart and my soul truly aches for this country because we have a president that set on national, not national television, that the reason why he signed the executive order for those people to come over here was because they are white. Mm. Yeah.


Yeah. Listen, it Was a big, my Emini here, my soul really aches and my heart really ached for our country. Yeah. Listen, it was a big day for white Africans yesterday. 59 white Africans were bought into this country as refugees. And you know, Cooper flag, a white African got drafted number one in the NBA draft Cooper flag Is not white. Emini here, Emini here, African In, in the meantime they're snatching people, you know, Latinos and Mexican babies out of their mother's hands and throwing them in, in deportation. And this Emini here, you know, they getting deported. This is just this. Yeah. I truly feel the rest of God is really about to fall upon us. Well, let's go.


I'm all for that. You know what I was thinking? Y Me too. Me too. I'm ready. You know what I was thinking yesterday too, man, regardless of what party you are, regardless of what your race is, your gender, your sexuality, if you're an American, all you should want is for your president to uphold the constitution. It is. And, and a lot of, a lot of things we're seeing are just simply unconstitutional. And, and it that it shouldn't be a matter of party or anything else for you as an American to be able to call that up. Mm. And and one more thing I wanna say is the, the young man who was shot by the policeman and his father murdered a ran over the policeman. Yes. I don't condone violence, but I do understand the only thing I wish is if you're gonna kill somebody that killed their son, kill a person that killed their son.


Well let's not kill nobody. Right? Well that's true too. You right about that. But that's you. How, who are we to tell that man how to feel or how to react after his son was murdered? Oh, I believe it was temporary insanity. I a hundred percent believe that. Yeah, absolutely. You let a fan, He lost his son. His son passed and he absolutely positive lost It. I a hundred percent believe it was a temporary insanity. Get it off your chest. I'm 800. You hung yo. I was very apologize again to it. Like, And I'm sorry ma'am. I'm like y'all hung up on her too. Sorry ma'am. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We got the latest with Lauren coming up. Lauren got on slippers again today.


Flip flops. I always walk in with flip flops. I have on heels. Don't play with me. Oh, I'm sorry you downplayed this outfit. Like I'm not over here on wing. Don't play with me. Why you got a Fat suit on? This is not a fat suit. Oh my gear. The girls that know No, you swimming. You want me to look like it's so bad, so bad. You wanna dive into Diddy case? Huh? You want scuba today? It is crazy, crazy. Now I'm on a swim team. You like leave me alone. Oh my God, we gonna get into it yesterday, y'all first time ever in this case, I felt like, all right. I don't know. Diddy might be able to walk on home a little bit. Really? Yo Yes. His legal team. Mind you, it was only day one. So this is very like premature emotion because People don't know you were there from 9:00 AM to 7:00 PM It was 9:00 AM till we left court at five.


But I left around like six 30 because outside there's like so much happening. So you, you Yeah, but pre much. It's very premature. It was the first day of the opening statements and the, the first couple witness testimonies. But if his legal team, Brian Steel and them go down and, and do everything that they did yesterday for the rest of this case, I, the prosecution ain't ready. Well Salute the Diddy legal team. Brian. They not ready stealing top dog law. Let's go baby. They, so they tied of that top Dog law. I wanna know. So when the guys say he urinated, right man, We cut talk About it. We Gonna talk about it. Alright, we'll we'll get that when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Good morning everybody. It's DJ Envy.


Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. All right, let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a street face. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody some, well, she gets into Details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She'd be having the latest on the latest when Lauren la sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, it's the latest on The Breakfast Club. Talk to me. Okay, so yesterday in court, Diddy, the opening statements took place. So the opening statements took place. Prosecutors went first. The pros, the prosecutors are the people who want Diddy locked up. Then Diddy's team, the defendants came after that.


Now the prosecutors came out swinging. I'm not even gonna hold y'all. They revealed so many different things that we had never heard before. They, they told us that Cassie will testified this week. Her, her husband Alex Fine, was in the courtroom yesterday And I saw 'em in the lunchroom. So I thought she might've actually got on scene yesterday, but it didn't happen. Did you see Cassie Yesterday Or, I didn't see Casie, but I saw the husband. You one in the lunch room too. Gotta eat if you leave out. Yeah, if you leave out, you might miss your chance to go back into the courtroom. 'cause only but so many people can go in. So I go for It's all right. It's cool. We'll get you through. But, so yeah. So they told us that Cassie will testify this week, and they talked about what her testimony may be. So they dropped a big bomb. When they mention that Cassie will testify that a male escort performed a sexual act that required him to urinate.


Mm Mm That would, that would stop people in their tracks. For for, yeah. It required him to urinate. Like just pee. Like he just had To pee. It was where he, I and he went, we You cannot. Yeah, you cannot. He urinated on her. On Her. Just say that on her. Okay. They, I'm saying it the way I was told to say it. Okay. So that was the first thing, which people were like, wait, what? And then the second thing, they, they, they, the prosecutors basically are making like, we knew they would making Puff to be out this like angry man who like just can't control himself or whatever. So they go straight into a Cassie incident, but it's not the video. They talk about a time where Cassie decided, I guess she got upset that Diddy was dealing with other women.


She decided to go deal with somebody else. So she dipped. Puff was coming, he came, you know, he's allegedly, he's looking for a can't finder. He grabs his gun. Two of his staff members. One of the staff members said that she did not wanna go. And allegedly she was forced to go. So they, they're they, they labeled that kidnapping and they went to this man's house looking for Cassie. And this rage, Cassie wasn't there. And it was like all hell broke loose. But the peeing thing was a huge thing. Now, Diddy's team came real quick on their opening statements and said, look. And I thought their opening statements, to be honest with y'all, were weak Diddy's team. Like I thought, like, okay, all they did was own up to everything. They,


Hey, what up Y'all? It's DJJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Taking the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bose premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus, with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community, and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been, because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


This podcast is supported by Talkspace. When my husband came home from his military deployment, readjusting was hard for all of us. Thankfully, I found Talkspace. Talkspace provides professional support from licensed therapists and psychiatric providers, online military members, veterans and their dependents, ages 13 and older can get fast access to providers all from the privacy of their computers or smartphones. I just answered a few questions online and Talkspace matched me with a therapist we meet when it's convenient for me And I can message her anytime. It was so easy to set up and they accept Tricare therapy was going so well. My husband And I started seeing a couples therapist through Talkspace too. Talkspace works with most major insurers including Tricare match with a licensed therapist today at talkspace.com/military. Go to talkspace.com/military to get started today. That's talkspace.com/military.


What happens when we come face to face with death? My truck was blown up by a 20 pound anti taint mine. My parachute did not deploy. I was kidnapped by a drug car till I just remember everything getting dark. I'm dying When we step beyond the edge of what we know to Open our consciousness to something more than just what's in that western box. In return, I clinically died. The heart stopped beating, which I was dead for 11.5 minutes. My name is Dan Bush. My mission is simple to find, explore, and share these stories. I'm Not a victim, I'm a survivor. You're Strongest when you're the most vulnerable To remind us what it means to be alive.


Not Just that I was the guy that cut his arm off, but I'm the guy who is smiling when he cut his arm off Alive Again. A podcast about the fragility of life, the strength of the human spirit, and what it means to truly live. Listen to a live again on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to your favorite shows. Like look, he is, he was an, he was angry. He can't control his anger. He, you know, might've abused drugs and been a horrible B boyfriend. Y'all going hear text messages and audios that make him sound like a horrible person and that he may have been all of the most horrible things you could think about him when it comes to how he dealt with the women in his life. He's owning up to it. But when it comes to these charges, one thing has nothing to do with the other.


You're not gonna be able to look at him at the end of this case and say that because of any audio, any video you see or anything that we are telling you right now that is despicable. They admitted it. Like if he was guilty of domestic violence, we wouldn't be arguing today. Emini here. If if we Yeah. Was gonna ask you if he was charged with domestic violence, we wouldn't be arguing today. If he was charged with abuse in a certain way, we wouldn't be arguing today. But because he's charged with everything else, the sex trafficking and all these other things, we're here because he's not guilty of that. I don I Was gonna ask you, you know, the, the fact that he went to somebody's house, that he's not being charged for that though, right? I think the reason why the prosecutors open up with that is because they're trying to show that he can't be controlled. And there's like this jealous rage that they alleged happened whenever it comes to him and his women or whenever he doesn't get his way.


The prosecutor's overall theme was, you can't tell did he know? Because if you tell him no, you don't know what might happen to you. He'll threaten your career, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. But he is not on trial for that. And that's, that was so interesting when I saw the defense from Diddy's team at Top Dog Law, he was saying that, you know, they were saying just because it's a moral doesn't mean it's criminal. I don't know if the jury's gonna be able to separate the two though. Okay, so look, getting into that, this is why I was low key impressed yesterday. So then they start calling witnesses to the stand. So they called this guy, which witness y'all wanna go with first? The male escort or the L lap D officer, Whatever's more Entertaining. The male escort both entertaining the male escort. Okay, so the male escort gets on the stand, right? Black, black male escort. Yes, he's a black man. He's like probably like five seven. Really stocky.


Like, you know, muscle. I could tell when he walked in, I'm like, oh, he must be like a or something. Oh no. Charlamagne's body could never, okay, he's like a dancer or something. So he gets on the stand. You never stand you with my shirt off, man, let's Finish. Please Baby, listen, look at you sitting over, sit up looking all pudgy. So he's on the stand And I love You ain't talking with that Vera Wayne tattoo. So he's on the stand and he's describing his relationship with Cassie and Diddy. And he's saying that, you know, up until a few years ago in New York, whenever they would come here, they would call him because he would engage in different sexual acts with them. Right? Allegedly. So he's like, every single time he got the phone call, it was from Cassie. The way that he met them was through his boss. So his boss came to him one day and said, look, I have this, this couple who wants to do something for the wife, it's a bachelorette party, they need a male stripper.


They didn't have a male stripper. So he went, he shows up in the NYPD T-shirt and he says Cassie, he alleges Cassie, Cassie opens the door, she's in red lingerie, she's in a wig, dark glasses and pumps. And she's like, listen, your boss told me that I'm supposed to give you $200 and this these alleging, and instead she gives him 4,000. She's like, I wanna explain to you what's about to happen. So this is not a bachelorette party. My husband likes to do special things for me. He wanted to do this for my birthday. He just wants us to like rub baby oil on each other and you know, just kind of like get familiar with each other and whatever happens from there, if you're comfortable, I'm, I'm open to it. So he's like, okay. So he goes in, he says, when he walked in on like just, okay, he said, he literally said, he said Cassie was one of the most beautiful women he ever seen in his life.


He couldn't even believe that it was happening like this. So he walks in and he alleges that Puff was there sitting in the room, but you couldn't tell it was him because he had a bandana tied around his face and he had a hat on and he was sitting in the corner. So he says so crazy. But he did say the minute that, did he open his mouth to like, say something? Take that he, I don't know what he said. Oh, sorry, sorry. It was probably like just an introduction of like, sorry, he said he did he yo he told him he worked at imports and exports. So when he said that, he said, I heard I, I instantly caught the voice. And I'm like, well how did you catch the catch the voice? He said, I've been listening to this man, my like, you know, majority my whole life. So he said that they got into, got into it. He says that they were rubbing each other with the oils. There was other lubricant there as well. And that him and Cassie had sex on the couch in that hotel allegedly.


And that the whole time Puff sat in the corner and masturbated executive producer. That's what he calls it. And and he did say shut up man. He did say that. You know, he never puff never got involved, but he did. He was telling them what to do at, at different times. That's how we know he don't make beats. And he also made it clear too that when he, on the first time that they linked up, Cassie told him like, you have nothing to worry about. My husband is not gay, he's not gonna touch you, he's not gonna whatever. He just, you know, he's gonna, he might tell us what to do or whatever, but he's not gonna be, it's, it's just going to be us doing the physical things. He said that they linked up a lot more times after that. His, his payments would range anywhere from like six K to like four or $5,000 depending on what they wanted to give him. He said sometimes he would even show up and wouldn't even get paid.


But he was just like, I just like being a part of this lifestyle. But he did say that there were, there was two things he said. He said one time he couldn't get hard anymore because he had saw, he went to Cassie's house, they got comfortable with him. He came to Cassie's house when he was there, Cassie and Didi was in the room. He was outside in the living room. Diddy comes out and goes off on Cassie, like allegedly beats her up bad because she took a long time to come back in the room to him. And he said after he saw that, that was his first time seeing her get physically like touched. He couldn't even engage in sexual activity with the two of them. And they haven't gotten to cross examine him yet. Like Diddy seem started and then they had to stop. What about the urination? The urination thing. So he's, so he randomly was just like recounting their experiences and he just came out and said, yeah, like, 'cause they were asking him what are some of the things you would've to do?


He said, well one time Cassie asked me to, you know, urinate on her, on her. And now we all gasping like, wait, 'cause the prosecutors, oh, so Cassie asked him not did he? Exactly, because the prosecutors opened up that literally probably like 15 minutes before that. The prosecutors were like, Cassie is gonna tell you that Didi allegedly made this escort urinate on her. That there's an escort sitting in front of us sworn in on the stand saying no, Cassie told me to do that. And this is what I was talking about yesterday when I said they about to put Cassie through it And I hope her husband isn't hearing anything. He didn't already know. Yeah, right. Because if not that, that gonna make for some very awkward moments at home. Yeah. And if you didn't know that your wife did this, got urinated on and didn't find this out in court, it's a lot.


Could you handle her That? But let me tell you, not only 'cause he had left, he was in the back of the court and then he went, I think they took up to like a back room. But the girl, the, you know, these kids, all the Diddy kids are there, right? So his daughters are there. I was sitting behind them. It was awkward for me to watch them have to listen to all of this. They, after he started the, the male escorts started getting into a lot of the masturbation and stuff. They got up and left. They got who, Who told 'em to leave? Did, did he say leave or No, Diddy didn't tell him to leave. I don't, there, I don't know if there was a conversation or not. I looked up from writing And I saw them get up. So I don't know, but I know that they were like checking on each other throughout. I saw them ask like Christian at one point, like you, okay. 'cause they brought Kim into this as well, like having conversations about the jealousy that was between Puff and Cassie. Because you know, the defense is just trying to paint this as like, this was just a jealous, toxic relationship.


And it started with Diddy not being able to leave Kim alone up until the time of her passing. And Misa was there too, right? Misa Misa was there. I saw kids. She up With a walker. Yes, she A walker, but she's okay. I don Happened to her. Her leg is just broke. She'll be in a boot today from what I'm told. But she's okay though. It's not like anything like super Emini here. Broken leg is serious, but it's, it can heal. So she'll be good. But there's more. I gotta bring this back at the top of next hour. I got more questions when we talk, when we come back. 'cause I, I wanna know what Diddy was doing during all of this. Okay? What was his body language like? Gotcha. And the kids were giving off some of the languages as well too. 'cause when that male escort said that part about Cassie Christian and Justin, like the way that they looked at each other, like finally somebody saying tell they feel Like Telling truth. That's what it felt like.


That's not what they said, but that's what it felt like. So we'll come back on the, the top of the next hour 'cause there's a whole nother witness and they broke this witness down on the stand. All right. Laura LaRosa the latest with Lauren Now if you, if you're just joining us, she was actually in court yesterday, so she's breaking down what she seen, what she heard. We'll get back to her in the next latest with Lauren, which will happen in about 40 minutes. So don't go anywhere. We got front page news coming up and she's going to court today too, right? You gonna court today? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Soon as I leave here. All right, we got front page news. Next is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, you Are checking out The Breakfast Club. Good morning everybody. You CJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Start off with some quick sports. Last night the Timberwolves beat the Warriors.


They lead that series three one and the Knicks beat the Celtics 1 21 to one 13. They lead the series three. One Tatum was injured. They assuming it's a a, a torn Achilles. But ll we'll find out today. Yeah, Achilles, the ACL. You could tell that when that happened, the New York Knicks are going to the NBA finals. I think so, Yeah. Emini here they're gonna end up playing the Indiana Pace pace in the NBA finals. It's gonna be a great series, but the Knicks are gonna go to the NBA finals. I Think so too. Nice. And also yesterday, NBA draft Dallas got first pick. So that means Dallas has Kyrie and, and now Cooper, Cooper flag. Lemme tell you something, Dallas had a 1.8% chance on winning the NBA draft with those odds. They were supposed to have the number 11 pick and they end up with number one NBA.


You have to make the jig look less obvious. Can you make the rigging look less obvious? Okay, Maverick's traded Luca to the Lakers last year. Yes. None of us could understand why. Now we know because they got promised Anthony Davis. And I guarantee for the number one pick in the draft, which everyone knew would be the white African Cooper flag. Not a coincidence that 59 white African refugees were bought into this country yesterday. And Cooper Flag, who was a white African, got drafted number one. And if you don't believe he's a white African, well guess what? He is the first white American basketball player with superstar potential that's a male. So either way they rigged it to put him in the best possible situation.


They definitely seem like they rigged That Y'all trying to create the next Larry Bird. We gonna see what that white African does next year, though he's Not African. But good morning Morgan. Good morning. If I can add to your sports, Michael Jordan will be joining NBC's NBA coverage this fall. So the network announced on Monday that the global icon will be a special contributor. And in a statement, Jordan said the NBA on NBC was a meaningful part of his career and he's excited about being a special contributor on the project. So the NBA will be back on NBC for the first time since 2002. And the League and Network reached an 11 year deal last summer. So look forward to seeing all of that. Michael Jordan must be bored. He must, he must just want something to do.


He needed. So, you know, we never really hear him talk, talk, you know what I'm saying? And that's Another thing too. Yeah, he, well, we'll see. Yeah, because Emini here, he's one of the, well, the greatest basketball player ever. So Emini here. Yeah, I don't gotta say much, you know, talent speaks for itself. But yeah, we would love to hear the commentary around Basketball. Why not? The NFL's goat is a commentator Tom Brady, so why not? Yeah, And naturally, naturally. All right, moving on. This comes as President Trump is looking to bring down prescription drug and pharmaceutical prices on the home front. He told a story about a very rich but overweight friend that he has who was on the fat shot. Many are speculators hilarious. He's talking about Ozempic now, Trump said his friend told him that he goes to London to get the fat shot, which is $88 in London, because here in New York he would pay $1,300.


Now, Trump signed an executive order yesterday that aims to slash prices in the US to what other developed countries pay. Now, Trump said the US will no longer subsidize the healthcare of other countries, and he's also targeting other practices that inflate drug prices. So the US often pays as much as three times more than other developed nations for prescription drugs. And so let's take a listen to the President's commentary around this issue. Basically what we're doing is equalizing, there's a new word that I came up with, which I think is probably the best word we're gonna equalize. We're all gonna pay the same, we're gonna pay what Europe's gonna pay. Big pharma will either abide by this principle voluntarily or will use the power of the federal government to ensure that we are paying the same price as other countries.


So the president called the executive order one of the most consequential in the country's history. It seems like It's a lot. Oh, Morgan, correct me if I'm wrong, Emini here, he's doing it as an executive order. But didn't Biden Harris actually do the inflation reduction act, which lowered, which lowered prescription drug costs and made health insurance more affordable? So that, that, that was actual legislation. So I I'm, I'm just, I'm wondering why does he have to sign an executive order for legislation that's already in place? Or am I getting this wrong? I'm, I'm, I'm not sure that you're getting it wrong. Maybe the, the, the, the confusion is around the fact that we're talking about affordable healthcare and drug prices within the country versus us comparing ourselves to others, which is, I think this is the, the difference in that.


So, but either way, just bring the prices of drugs and prescriptions down Emini here so that they are affordable for people. Whether we gotta compare ourselves to other countries or it's just About Oh, I agree. I just thought that it, I already thought we were, I thought we were already there like, you know, Emini here, the, the, the, the insulin 30 being $35 a month, you know, like that? Oh no, There's no more work to be done for sure. Oh, okay. Especially look according to the president with the, with the fat shot. Hello? Yeah, I I I just want somebody to explain to me, like I know, I just wanna know what, what did he do yesterday that the Inflation Reduction Act hasn't already done? That's what I wanna know. And the White House says the problems at Newark and New Jersey airport fall squarely on the shoulders of the Biden administration. Transportation Secretary Sean Duffy said the airport is using equipment that's old and it looks like it's off a set of a movie, Apollo 13.


And that's dangerous. Let's take a listen. The outage also interrupted the phone line and radio frequencies for a very short period. This is how controllers talk to pilots. I'll be requesting an OIG investigation into the failures of the last administration. We're using equipment that looks like it's off the Apollo 13 set. Duffy said former transportation head, Pete Buttigieg, who was under the Biden administration, ignored problems with the airport's telecommunication lines. He also said there are temporary software fixes in place, but also warned that it will take time to modernize the airport and flights will have to be reduced. So yeah, not as many flights coming out of Newark as a result of this.


And I'm, I'm, I'm almost certain that, you know, it's, it's like we see these, these issues with every little thing and Newark is just the first one, right? So I I'm sure there will be probably an overhaul of many other airports in their systems as well as We see, we know they, they announced, they said one, one, listen to what I'm saying. One air traffic controller and a trainee are gonna operate every flight in and out Newark between 6:30 PM and 9:30 PM Even though you need 15 staffers being the standard requirement for a shift that's but one traffic controller and one trainee will operate every flight in and outta Newark between 6:30 PM and 9:30 PM That's insane.


Yeah, that Doesn't make sense. It and authorities have suggested, you know, not using Newark right now. If you, if you can, if you can manage to, you know, use it. That sounds crazy. So why don't they just shut the, the, why don't they just shut it down? Like What? That's what it feels like they should do. Like just shut the airport Down. Well, they would lose, I guess these airlines would lose so much money. Are they? They would, but if it, yeah, but it's like if it was a chance you Could die. That's what I'm Saying. Right. And then you're getting canceled anyway. They're getting delayed. They're being pushed to other airports anyway, so it doesn't make sense. Just shut it down, Flock it. Just clock it. All right. And That's, and and during that time was like 168 to 180 planes during To take Off and land. That's crazy. And you got one air traffic controller. I just don't see that's a lot.


What He gonna be stressed out The room for air is this is zero. That's, That's exactly, and that's essentially why the other air traffic controllers walked off the job. I think it was three or four of them that walked off the job. And that was just for 90 seconds of no, no eight, no, the systems being down for 90 seconds. They said they were so stressed out because they just felt like, well what can they do? When the system went out for 90 day, I'm sorry, 90 seconds that they walked off the job. They're like dealing with trauma in therapy and stuff like that right now. Like, because they're like the pressure, the amount of pressure of, you know, you, you wanna be responsible in a role like that. Goodness. But, you know. Alright, well thank you. That's your front page news. Of course, of course.


Always. That's your front page news. Follow me on social at Morgan Media and follow more news coverage at Black Information Network. Download the Free Art iHeartRadio app and visit us@bnews.com. All right, y'all have a great one Too. You too now. All right. Now when we come back, the ladies from Poor Minds podcast, Lex p and Dre and Nicole will be joining us. They have a four episode docuseries on BET called Travel Queens. And we'll talk to them next. So don't move us The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got some special guests in the building. My girls next P Andre and Nicole put my podcast.


What's up guys, Back again. I Know. How y'all feeling? Great. Good. Really good. Yeah. Happy to be here. Happy to see y'all. Thank you. Yes. It's been too long. It has. Y'all got the new show Travel Queens? First of all, I'm happy to see y'all just evolving. Poor Minds podcast is a hit. Poor Minds podcast. Evolving. Now y'all got the Travel Queens TV show on, on BET. It's a docuseries. How'd that come about? Also the production company, cocoa Butter. They actually reached out to us because they wanted us to audition for it because they had us and like I think some other, maybe like two or three other friend groups in mind. So we auditioned for it, they loved us. And then we got it and we started filming maybe like a month after.


Yeah, it was really, and then we filmed the whole show in two weeks. Cocoa. But I didn't know that's a black woman on Yeah, no, it's actually not really No White people. It's a, it's a white guy of black, Ian and Tim out to Ian, Tim Smart. Yeah. Damn. So what are Travel Queens about? Where y'all going? What? What y'all doing? So we went to four different cities. We went to Carter hna, Mexico City, key West, key West, Charleston, and Charleston. So it's basically really showing like young black millennials, gen Zers, especially women, how to travel, where to go eat, where to find other black people when you travel. Just how to be safe and have a good time. I think right now in media, I won't say right now, but I feel like a lot of stuff that we're seeing in the media with black women, it's like who fighting, throwing drinks in people's face.


Yeah. So I really think it's refreshing to see two black women who are really friends, just having good innocent fun. We not talking about men and dating and gender wars and all this stuff. It's just good fun. What about the ladies that are watching it? Like well how am I gonna be able to fly myself out? Don't start I bad. We have graduated from that. But y'all flying y'all up on this show? No, actually BT and Taco that's right. But I'll say so a lot of the stuff too is like it's budget friendly. Yeah. Emini here we went to Charleston, you know what I'm saying? That's you. You do a, a road trip. We went to Key West so you can drive to Key West. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? You don't have to necessarily fly.


It's not like we're doing extremely expensive things to be honest. So I think if you budget, you know, it's not like we're doing luxurious things and going to the Maldives and Yeah. You know, staying at the Four Seasons. Yeah, yeah. It's very budget friendly stuff. Yeah. And I think that was the point of the show. They wanted to make everybody feel like, okay, I can come here And I don't have to spend a lot of money to have a good time. So if a guy was flying y'all out, would y'all still wanna go to those destinations that y'all Yeah, but I probably would've did something different. I ain't gonna lie. Charleston is beautiful though. Emini here, Charleston is beautiful but I Key West is one of them little ducked off. I remember it is. I've been taken to Key West before. Oh you, yes. I wasn't flew out by cocoa butter, but you know.


Yes, yes, yes, yes. But that, that usually the older gentleman fly you out. Yes. It's a very like quiet town. You can definitely sneak off there with a, with a old man. I had never been to Key West before. That was my first time was beautiful. It was, you know, it was cool. Water blew the water was blue. That's a fact. That's what Lido lid took you, took you little because they gonna be confused. So I just told them that when the older guys performed Phil Fellatio, they don't really know Conus. The conus. Conus. Conus, conus. Okay. When when they doing that they say Lil Lil because they teeth, they don't have teeth anymore. You know, they trying to figure out where it is. Especially the ones with glasses, you know when they slip down on the nose and they say Lil they be doing a glasses.


I like that. I feel like its gonna get a little foggy from the body. Just a little bit. I like that I don need me. Little leader. Yes. Next time y'all go. Tyler, the four cities y'all went to, which one did you like the best and why? Mexico City. We say that area because it was just so nice. I feel like it's so many black expats that are moving there from the United States. So it's a lot of black people out there. We went to a r and b night while we were out there. We went to a black vegan restaurant. It reminded me a lot of the United States but just in Mexico City. Yeah, I feel like outta everywhere that we went, that was my favorite place. I'm not gonna lie, I keep saying that. Charleston surprised me too. Like why that I've never been to Charleston.


You said why? And I have a really close friend of mine that lives out there and he's been trying to get me to come out there forever And I was like, what is in Charleston? Like isn't that a dance? Like I was like I'm not going out. This is Charles. Isn't that the dance? What is it? It's not. That's not. We found out out there wasn't the But I was so surprised like people be taking the nice boats out. Yes ma'am. The food is good. I had a ball in Charleston, like I'm actually planning a trip to go back to Is beautiful. That's home. Mexico City is nice too though. It is. It's a lot of people moving there yet that's is my husband's family's from there. Really? Yeah, I know. That's my husband period. Mexico. I knew that. Okay. Because he tried it. Y'all both like to travel already?


Yeah. Oh yeah. And we already travel together a lot anyway, so we felt like that's why it was the perfect show for us. Y'all get tired of each other at all. Like, you know what, you go your way. I'll go walk my way. Absolutely. I don say no. She was like, no, we're neighbors. So I literally walk, we literally live in Atlanta. I live in a building right here and her building is right here. Damn. And the unit that I used to live in, she could see my apartment from the pool. So she would be like waving at me from the pool. No, she, I followed her. I followed her. I did. Because they started building a building. I said, I'm finna move right next door to my sweetie pool. I love that. I, I love though my best.


Y'all get tired. Want some sugar? You know what's crazy? I think when we were younger and the show first started, we didn't have any direction. We didn't know what we wanted to do. We're going through growing pains. But now it's like she's 34. I'm 35. We grown women. Yeah. We don't have anything to fight about. And honestly, I think it's so crazy when people have podcasts and they make so much money and they be arguing. We, we gotta be, life is good. Right. You know, we have so much fun. Like to be able to travel The World with your best friend and have a business, it's great. It's fun. How is it when y'all get in relationships though? Ooh, I feel like we do a really good job of still keeping the balance of our friendship and still being in a relationship.


Like we always find the time to hang with each other, to go to dinner, to talk on the phone. As crazy as it is because the podcast, we do talk about dating a lot. We are really not male-centered women. Yeah. And I, a lot of people think that because we talk about dating so much on the show, but we really not like, we like to be like last year we went to Turks for her birthday. We wasn't inviting them. We went to Miami one year for my birthday. Yeah. Like we just go on trips by ourself. We're not like, oh our boyfriends have to come. Yeah. Or if we go to dinner, it's not like, oh bring your man. It is none of that. We have none a good balance For sure. So y'all still booed up? You know, you know they watching right now like damn crazy.


Just in a rocky place. Just in a rocky place. We gonna see what happens. It's complicated. We'll in and out. Yeah. Which is crazy, right? Because I feel like it, it happened simultaneously, like at the same time for both of us. We started kind of going through a transition and a breakup at the same time. So, but it's not like in the bad space. No. Yeah. It's not like we're cool, it's cool we're figuring it out type situation. Y'all fuck each other up. Like girl, leave him all. I'm gonna leave him if you leave him. Or if no what I'm saying, you know what's crazy? No. I'm really like that friend where when she calls me and she talks to me about what's going on in her relationship and stuff, I'm just always like, okay girl. Well, you know, do what you wanna do. I try to be supportive of what you want to do. As long as it is not a physically violent situation or something that you need to leave that that's abusive or anything like that.


I try to be supportive of my friends. Yeah. Because I get it. When you love somebody, you wanna stay with your man. It's hard out here. Y'all all men, y'all all married y'all. All y'all here I was. Y'all married And I, I don't know why I stood it. You was Just in love last year. Lex. I still am in love. Oh, okay. I'm very much in love. Like I said, it is just a situation. We're figuring it out. Yeah. I don't, you know, but I think we're both so focused on our careers right now And I know it sounds so cliche, but I'm just a person. He's an amazing guy. If we're meant to be together, we're gonna be together.


So I'm just not putting pressure on it. You know what, Emini here. So it's cool. We gonna figure it out. You know, we're still Kicking it with the host of Poor Minds podcast, Lex p and Dre and Nicole. They have a new show on BET called Travel Queens Charlamagne. What have y'all learned about y'all selves from doing the podcast? For me, I would say transparency and vulnerability is healing. Mm. When I first started doing the show, I think that I always have kind of had more of a closed off personality. I've always been a little bit more private than lick. She's always been like a open book on the show and I never used to want to talk about things that I was going through 'cause I felt like it was a sign of weakness. And I've just always had this thing where I don't want people to look at me like, you know, I'm weak or whatever.


So I think that now I'm in a space where I enjoy telling my story. I enjoy telling people the things that I'm going through because I feel like it can help other people get through this through similar things or you know, just being transparent to me is just very important at this point in my life. Because, I don't know, I just wanna be transparent. I don't wanna get emotional. Yeah. I don't wanna get emotional a little bit, but like I lost my dad and it was something that was, thank you. It was something that was really, really hard for me to talk about on the show. But I wish that back then I had the same mindset because I feel like I was dealing with so much by myself. Yeah. And when I started talking about it on the show, it was just so many people and such an outpouring of love.


People saying, I've been through the same thing, I can understand where you're coming from. So that's what I've learned over the years about myself. I think that I really enjoy now telling people what I'm going through instead of just feeling like I have to go through everything by myself. How about you Le? I think with me, I'm such like a loud personality And I think a lot of times I would try to hide that from people And I just embrace who I am. Like I'm not the sexy girl that's doing all this. Like I'm a tomboy. I like to be loud, have fun. So I, I really got confidence about myself because I'm like, this is who I am. I think for when I first started like being on social media, I was like doing the bikini pigs and yeah.


Posing by the pool. I'm like girl, this is not you at all. So I've really been able to embrace myself and be like, you know what you the loud homegirl and that's okay. Like you don't have to fit into this box of what you think that a woman is supposed to be. 'cause people always love to say, 'cause I know you hear this a lot. Yeah. They be like, oh funny, women aren't pretty. Or you have to either you funny or you're pretty, you can't be both. You know what I'm saying? So I feel like, Hey, What up y'all? It's DEJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousins latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features.


Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


This podcast is supported by Talkspace. When my husband came home from his military deployment, readjusting was hard for all of us. Thankfully I found Talkspace. Talkspace provides professional support from licensed therapists and psychiatric providers, online military members, veterans and their dependents. Ages 13 and older can get fast access to providers all from the privacy of their computers or smartphones. I just answered a few questions online and Talkspace matched me with a therapist we meet when it's convenient for me And I can message her anytime. It was so easy to set up and they accept Tricare therapy was going so well. My husband And I started seeing a couples therapist through Talkspace too. Talkspace works with most major insurers including Tricare match with a licensed therapist today at talkspace.com/military. Go to talkspace.com/military to get started today. That's talkspace.com/military.


What happens when we come face to face with death? My truck was blown up by a 20 pound anti-tank mine. My parachute did not deploy. I was kidnapped by a drug tilt. I just remember everything getting dark. I'm dying When we step beyond the edge of what we know to Open our consciousness to something more than just what's in that western box. In return, I clinically died. The heart stopped beating, which I was dead for 11.5 minutes. My name is Dan Bush. My mission is simple to find, explore, and share these stories. I'm not a victim, I'm a survivor. You're Strongest when you're the most vulnerable To remind us what it means to be alive. Not just that I was the guy that cut his arm off, but I'm the guy who is smiling when he cut his arm Off alive. Again. A podcast about the fragility of life, the strength of the human spirit and what it means to truly live. Listen to a live again on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Like I used to try to lean into being the pretty girl and then I would try to lean to be the funny girl. And I'm like, you know what? I don't have to be in anybody's box. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So, but you always been sexy. You just don't give off sex. Like you said, like you're just not prissy. You're just, well we talked about this on the show, there's a difference between like having sex appeal and like being attractive. Like Drea just is like sexy. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? She just walking around, she's like, Hey. Ow. Yeah. You know, that's how she's, you have both though. Yeah, you have. You know, like I said, I just think like being sex is not my life. Sexy. It's, it really must, sex appeal is something that's just from the inside I feel like. Yes. And I just think like that's not a part of my personality, but that's okay.


It's not, I'm not saying I'm unattractive. I'm a pat period. You feel me? You know what I'm saying? So I just think that I've been more comfortable like being in my skin and who I am. For sure. Growing out loud is hard. Yes. You know? And that's what y'all have been doing the last seven years on that podcast. Literally. Literally like going through everything. Like she said, we, she lost her dad. I lost my mom going through breakups and then it's like, you know, we be like, oh we in love. And then the next month we talking about a different dude and they're like, oh my gosh man, y'all doing the same thing. Y'all doing the same thing watching tune in. But nobody care. It's about you. You know? And people not in your business. So yeah, it's hard sometimes going through relationships and growing pains.


And I've always been honest about my financial status too because I always say when I moved to Atlanta I had $3 because I 100% did. Like I wasn't lying. So I think it's important to be transparent, especially as a black woman in this industry. I feel like we always try to hide what we making. 'cause I'm like, oh this company signed up for your ass. How much they paying you? Because this is how much they paying us. Let's make sure that they not Yes. You know what I'm saying? So I think that with the platform that we have, it's like, yeah we've grown in front of the camera. But like she said, being open and vulnerable has helped us a thousand percent for sure. How was Columbia? How was that? You know What? It was really fun. It was, And I had a good time. So that was my second time going to Columbia. My first time going to card because the first Oh Columbia, the country.


Yeah. Good cocaine over there. Now how you know, you said to me in my end scene, I was in Columbia. I'm lying. You're crazy stupid. They're pure white. I'm weak. So yeah. But Emini here, funny enough, I think that's what people think of though. When you think of going Absolutely going into Columbia, you think of the cartel and stuff. 'cause like, like I said, I went to met Ien a few years ago to get my teeth done And I was scared to leave from the area where my hotel was and where my doctor isn't that Crazy Emini here. I was just nervous to travel around because that's what you hear. What's about Columbia? So when we went to Cardina, I had a really, really good time. And then especially with us going to Palenque, which is the first free black city in the Americas, it was just so you know that it's Afro-Latinos in a lot of these countries.


But when I say when we were in Palka, we felt like we were somewhere in Ghana, in Nigeria. Oh wow. Like these people look like our cousins, our family members. It was just amazing being there and being submerged in the culture. How'd You go the way to Columbia to get your teeth done? Because it was Cheaper. Oh I know, that's right. I think here it was like 30,000. I, you know, I'm getting a little money, but back then I was trying to say little coin people would get 'em done here. They just all same size, like the extra largest, nobody ever asks for the mediums or you know, teeth. They got the front, they get front teeth for the whole row. The whole like how teeth the same size or they get the top done and don't get the bottom done. And it's like, come on, they need that corner. You gotta get the texture. Like I think that's why my teeth look so natural because he made like the texture in my teeth Or whatever.


And how do men treat y'all when they see y'all from out outside of which, where y'all usually are outside of Atlanta? What You mean? What do you mean? Because Atlanta, you know they see beautiful women. Oh yeah. But sometimes they might not see that in Columbia. Like, like Americans like that. Damn what? Damn dj. NV says Columbia got ugly women. Ugly. Come on. Envy says all women in Columbia busted. You know what I feel like usually when you go out the country and they see American women, they treat American women differently. 'cause they don't usually see American women like that. So that's what I'm asking. Honestly. I'm not gonna lie. I feel like whenever we go anywhere I really can't tell the difference. 'cause I feel like everywhere we go we kind of draw attention. I know that sounds bad, but it's like everywhere we go we're used to people like being like, oh my God, I know y'all from the pod.


Or oh my God, saying hey. And then when we were in Columbia it's a little different because we had cameras around us. Got you. So of course people are like looking and saying stuff and being, so it's kind of hard to tell the difference between, you know, people how they treat us outside of Atlanta versus anywhere. 'cause I feel like everywhere we go now people kind of recognize us. Yeah. So it's not really like we're getting treated differently per se. If that makes sense. When you said they, they, you were scared of how they were gonna edit y'all and make y'all look, were y'all allowed to be in the room during the editing process or you just liked the, y'all trusted them and you just liked the way they ended up editing the episodes? Yeah, we didn't know anything girl. We've seen everything when everybody else seen it. Yeah. We didn't know how they were gonna edit. We still watching the, we was on the plane last night watching the episode.


Episode for the first time. So are y'all nervous for every episode that come out? You know what? Why? Well, I'm not nervous now. I was nervous of how my body was going to look because I, I just lost 30 pounds. Okay. Okay. Congratulations. Thank you. Okay, so I, when we shot, I weighed like 2 0 5. Okay. So I was so nervous. I kept saying, oh my gosh, I hope 'cause I have like a little belly on me. So whenever I gain weight, like people always tend to think I'm pregnant. They be like, Lex pregnant. I'd be like, oh my God, can I just have a little shot of tequila? Yeah. I had a little, you know, little enchilada, you know what I'm saying? So I was really more so nervous about my body after I saw the first episode. But I was like, okay, body tea. How'd you lose? You looked good that trip to Columbia at pure Coke or what was it?


You said what? How did you Lose 30? Oh no, honestly, I, I used to be a girl. I used to do everything under the sun. You know, the first time I went to Columbia it was for my BBL. So y'all talking about, y'all know Columbia for the, the Coke. I know Columbia for them good doctors. But I just did it natural this time. I was doing a lot of cardio, eating healthy, you know, I feel like, And I feel better now. I think I'm getting older And I'm just all the the, I'm not dissing people who do take other routes, but I just had to do it for my reason. It was a D Ozempic. It was a Dpic. I don't like needles. I couldn't do that to myself. But no, no Ozempic, We're still kicking it with the host of Poor Mind's podcast. Lex p Andrea Nicole. Now I, I need some advice.


I have a single friend. Oh she has a closet full of wigs. Terrible wigs curly. Make sure you say terrible wigs. Oh, you Know who the friend is? I do, sadly She has her, she has a bunch of wigs Curly one day is straight different colors. She's, she's funny. She's smart. She switches up her wigs like a, like a Netflix series. But when it comes to dating, she doesn't seem like she can find the right guy. She doesn't know if guys get intimidated or if they just confused. How would you suggest she meet somebody to secure a relationship? Because time is is running out and so her wigs, damn. But why did you include the stuff about the wigs? That's what I was about To ask. What the wig, the wigs be The Wigs.


You think the wig might be the reason why she can't find a man Emini Here? Think about it. Just things that I'm sure that y'all felt like y'all had to change about yourselves a little bit. And it probably made them, you know, made the, made the, the debate a little stronger for the fish. Okay, Well you know, what kind of men are she? Is she trying to date? Because you know they say they like bad wig. They white people. The white, they love a crunchy. She white. She not dating in the right pool. Love a crunchy style wig. My wig is a bad crunchy. I could not keep the Bretts off of me. They love a stiff wig. Oh they do. But I'll say this, we were actually just having this conversation. We was literally just talking about this. They do, they love a stiff wig.


They, they have that same hard wig soft life. So you Say that they don't say that. Maybe she should look at white hole man a different pool. She's in the wrong pool. She might be the wrong pool one. But I will say we were just telling our producer this And I was saying like when you get your look together and you feel confident in yourself, it doesn't even matter. Like whatever makes you feel good, you're gonna attract the right person. I enjoy being polished. I used to have a stiff wig or two. You know what, I'm got one of them in my home. She does, she does. But for memories, like for what I called her, I said when she wins her first Emmy, I'm gonna put it on eBay in. Oh gonna be, you still got the ponytail in.


It's gonna be a collector's item and it still has the squi on it and everything. It's in the ponytail. I got, we won have To open the phones at some point because I don't believe that. I've never heard the white men like stiff wig. They do. If you think you said stiff wig. Hard life a hard. Who told you this? I lived it. I did it. I'm serious. If you go look on TikTok right now and type hardwig soft life, you gonna see nothing but interracial couples. So why Didn't you stick with the white Man then? Because I wanted a man. Man I wanted a hard, I wanted a hard life with a hard man, hard life. I wanted to struggle with my black kings.


I wanted to struggle, I wanted to hold it down. She wanted to struggle with some raw Indian. Did any of the teaching Of Dr. Umar influence you to dump that white man? You know what people hate when I say this? I love Dr. I do too. King Black blacks. First of all, I, they talking about me, talking about I got bad wig. Can't find it. So nice to meet wig looks bti. Boy a hard wig will holler won't he? Hardwig. What you talking about?


Talking about you. Not too hard life. We're talking about her in that sa, first of all, the sassy neck normally comes from over here. But you and your sasson all over there spinning around looking at me. Nobody close to my holler. Holler about her. Holler. Nice to meet y ladies. And I love the show. Thank you. I think y'all look so pretty on the show. I've watched all three episodes Talking about We was not talking about that. Crazy Why you kept turning around to me. We got cameras all in the studio. We gonna run the tape? Oh my god. You keep talking about hard. We talking about that hard dye that's dried over there.


Damn. Yeah I think your wig is beautiful. I can take I like it. I love a ball. Yes, me too. I love ball so messy. Why get ball Love a ball. Oh, I was gonna ask y'all too, how do y'all balance like turning up for the show? 'cause you still gotta perform, right? Because it's still a TV show. Yeah. But then being present for the moments that you're experiencing, like those cultural moments in those city. You know what's crazy? We didn't really drink that much but honestly we stopped drinking a lot on Poor Minds. Yeah. Because it was like some cringey episodes and we just like, oh my God. It was the Houston live show. Oh that's what the Houston show really changed. It was so embarrassing. Why? Because we recorded the show and then we went back and watched it when we got back to Atlanta and it was just so cringey.


We was on stage like, yeah Lex, let's turn up have a two shot minimum before we go on stage. And then we'll have like a drink on stage. But we have one drink, we're on stage and that's it. Once we done with that drink you're done. Yeah. That first Houston show, we drunk that whole bottle of cost. We Rico. Yeah we was. We was turned before we went. But you had nerves. Y'all scared. I'm Always nervous. She's always a little nervous. Always before she's trying to turn up. I didn't realize I was getting so drunk. Yeah, so quick. So drunk. So so what the long term vision for the show? More seasons. Yes. We're hoping it's gonna get picked up for a second season. I think we should probably know that within like the next two weeks or so. So obviously we want it to get picked up.


And as far as Poor Minds, we want poor minds to get picked up as a TV show as well. Yeah. That's on our bucket list. Yeah, for sure. I, I think like with Travel Queens, I definitely want us to be a lot more seasons. I feel like we should do like a whole season like in Africa, a whole season in Europe. So that's what we're hoping that it'll, that it'll grow to. And you know, same thing with poor minds. I could see poor minds living on like, you know, maybe like a streaming app or something that, you know, outside of YouTube. I think we're ready to make that transition with poor minds as well. And honestly that catalog. Yeah, yeah for sure. And more hosting opportunities for the both of us And individually she still has her cosmetics line that's doing really well. So her just growing in the beauty industry.


I have started my YouTube channel Love Lex P. So I'm just doing like hot topics, show reviews 'cause that's the lane I wanna get into more hosting as well. So yeah, we just have so much stuff to do And I feel like now that we've made that step into TV it's like, you know, people can actually see what we can do now, you know? Yeah, for sure.


Shop. I love that Makeup line collection. I was already on you Shop muse beauty collection.com. Make sure you get your lip glosses matte liquid lipsticks, lip liners. I also just branched into other cosmetics products so now I have some jelly blushes. I have mascara and eyeliner, so yeah, make sure I shop Music beauty collection.com.


Well check out Travel Queens on BET.


That's right. And thank y'all for joining us so much And subscribe to the Pokemon Mine podcast. Yes. Big love for Lex p Andre Nicole, man. Thank you. Thank you. Thank Y'all. We love Y'all. It's The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight fat. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody know well. She gets into details. I'm a home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on you, Lord. The latest with Lauren la Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What was the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk to me. Alright y'all. So yesterday there was a report that came out. It, it wasn't confirmed that Tory Lanes had been stabbed while in prison.


I was able to confirm that it did happen. And what I was told in the beginning, it was really, really scary. I was told that he was stabbed a lot of times that he was airlifted to a hospital. And then they came out with a statement to clarify that he was stabbed 14 times. Wow. My God. Including seven wounds to his back, four to his torso. Jesus. Two to the back of his head and one to the left side of his face. Both of his lungs collapsed. Mm. And he was placed on a breathing apparatus. He's now breathing on his own despite being in pain. He's talking normally in good spirits and deeply thankful to God that he's pulling through. He also wants to thank everyone for the continued prayers and support. Wow. I did ask what happened. Like what's so sad?


What I need some more, you know, like context here. Like how or why did this happen? Yeah. And I haven't gotten an answer to that yet. But when I first heard this, I literally came outta court. My phone was going crazy. I was told like it was a situation where if he survives he should be really thankful to God. And that was the first thing he said is like, no he's entirely thankful. Yeah. Yeah. So he's, you know, currently recovering and Then yeah when he, when when it actually happened, nobody was able to understand what happened. 'cause they didn't let anybody in the hospital. But his father and his father had to get there. So his lawyers weren't able to go in there. Nobody was able to go in there but his dad. So they were waiting for his dad to get there. Why isn't he in protective custody anyway though? Why is he Emini here? Why is he in general population? I have so many questions that are unanswered that hopefully I'll be able to answer soon. 'cause I don't know what is happening.


And I, And I would think, but Most people don't wanna go to PC because if you go to PC you're stuck. You can't go watch television, you can't go out and about, you can't work out. So most people wouldn't want to be out. But I would still think if you were in general population and you got 10 years 'cause he is coming home, I would still think the the, the prison would have somebody that monitors him. Even in general population. Yeah. Yeah. Just because of who he is. They don't have that many officers just to monitor one person at all times. They, they treating people of a certain status a little bit Differently. Once you go to general pop, you in general pop you, you in there with everybody else. Yeah. I don't know why I, I, I can't answer a lot of those questions because when I asked yesterday, I think that they were just, they wanted for a while people didn't even know if he was okay. So they just wanted to get to there first. And then they were like, you know, we'll keep you updated.


So if You, if you a high profile person that's only got 10 years, somebody in there doing life, they still hearing about you putting out music and stuff in the streets. That's just jealousy and envy. But any, any and hate will make you do something Like that. Any little celebrity, any rapper, any athlete, anybody that ever gets locked up, they say they never wanna stay in PC 'cause they wanna go outside, they wanna watch tv, they wanna work out. It's like being stuck in a box all the time. So they always ask to leave that. Well I'm not gonna hold y'all though like Emini here. I know jail isn't all good but from the last time I talked to his team, it seemed like he was doing a lot of positive things in there. Like he was like helping to raise money to like Chawla Said, it's always one to put people back know you're making money, Recording their senses back in front of judges and stuff like that. What I Do, what I gotta do with other people.


It Just, I don't know. And then remember there was a story about him like bring doing like the prayer circles with the prisoners. So I thought maybe he was like faring well with the other prisoners in there. I don't, it Takes important person to be upset. One hater And it might be somebody in there who heard about what he's in there for. Right. Might be a Megan Thee stallion fan. Yeah. You never know. I'm just saying there's a lot of different variables that can happen. And Danielle, I ain't saying that these people did it, but you know the Mexican is the Mexicans. They be real quick with the matter what you them, Them Mexicans, your Family. They be Them Mexicans, your family. Well sometimes you gave birth to a Whole half one The prison, you some Inside information or something. No, No, no, no, no, no. The imprison Mexicans you see sitting here like just you had a whole inside source and you never No, I don Didn't know.


I just don't like how you said them Mexicans. Like you ain't part Mexican. Like that's not her family. Alright. The the Mexicans they, when they in there they No my real quick, my Mexicans. That what you should saying. Well whatever Y you more, right? Yeah. Real quick and wrapping up more positive news, Cardi B and Stefan Diggs had popped out. It was a hard launch. Mm. It wasn't even a soft launch. Okay. They popped out yesterday. They were at the ball. Celtic Bing Celtic Boston. Celtic Boston. The next game. It was at the next Game. In the next game yesterday in Madison Square Garden sitting front row court side, they walked down holding. She looked so cute with her little black, she looked piece adorable. It was so cute. The picture of them sitting on Courtside like they were holding hands. Yeah. And like there was two phones like on the floor.


It was like, okay, no phones, it's date night. I was like, yes. Moving on. What love that it's giving. She was sitting right next to Kendall. Jenna and who's that bad bunny? That's That bunny. Someone else Steve that was there too. Yes. Yeah. Shout out to card. I love a good move on. Wow. Amazing. All that is our the one moving. Yes. With Lauren, Jesus. Where Tommy moving with? Yes. Who you, who you doing that? Donker too. Four after the hour. A young woman that Jess is very familiar with. Summer's from Baddies Africa. I Don Dunno no damn Summer from no bad. I asked you about it this morning. You told me I doing that to ex liar.


She needs to come to the front of the congregation. We'd like to have a word with her. Okay. Okay. All right. We'll get to that Nexus. The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Your chicken out The Breakfast Club. I just wanted to know how you came up with the donkey because you're me. I'm not, what did I don? Today's a bunch of donkeys out. That is why is if we live a life where we bite our tongue based off who we may offend, we never will say anything To on The Breakfast Club. In the words of Charlemagne God, donkey ain't, Oh man. Charlamagne you giving donkey the day To who now?


Well, Buster Rhymes donkey today for Tuesday May 13th goes the summer from Baddies Africa. Respectfully, I have never heard of this woman or this show in my life. I asked Jess Hilarious this morning, what is Baddies Africa? And Jess explained it to me. What did you say? I did not. Yes you did. Badies is just baddies. They just over there in Africa. They took the shenanigans over there and still fighting over dumb stuff. All them bitches. Same bitches. It so you, so it's no Africans? No, ain't no Africans on the show. Mm Oh, They just doing it in Africa? Yes. Oh, okay. What? And it's on Zeus. Yes. You know all the answers to all the questions you asking. Okay. Well 'cause that's 'cause I asked you earlier now I still don't know what's going on, but I saw that a young woman on the show named Summer issued an apology for something she said on the show.


And I just thought it would be a great moment to teach. Okay, let me read the headline. Summer issues an apology for recent controversial Emmett Till comments. Let's listen to the comments. You gonna always miss, bitch, you wish you could be like me. That bitch face was like Emmett Till Damn. Oh Summer. You didn't learn from Lil Wayne. Maybe you too young to remember. But Lil Wayne back in 2013, he had a line where he said beat that PPO up like Emmett Till and people got pissed. Rightfully soak. If you don't know who Emmett Till is, I would encourage you to watch the movie Till which came out in 2022. Simple and Plain Emmett Till was murdered in 1955 for allegedly flirting with a white woman. Her name was Carolyn Bryant Dunham.


She accused till of whistling at her and making unwanted advances and claimed till grabbed her and made lewd comments Later she reportedly admitted the claims were false. Okay. A lie. Look, summer, I don't know you, I respect your apology. 'cause she did apologize already. And in her apology she said that I, what did she said? She said she's committed to learning and growing. She said a whole lot of other stuff. But I really wanna hone in on that part. She said she's committed to learning and growing from this experience. That's all we could ask of people. And I know some folks don't feel like they should have to teach people about certain things. And I disagree because everyone doesn't know. So I'm gonna give you three reasons people should never make jokes about the Emmett Till situation.


Okay? Number one, it's the symbol of racial terror and injustice. It was a brutal act of white supremacy that helped ignite the civil rights movement. We wouldn't enjoy the freedoms we have now without that movement. Summer. So when you joke about a situation like that, you trivialize the pain and trauma inflicted on us black Americans. Number two, it disrespects the family and legacy of Mamie Till, okay? Mamie Till had an open casket funeral that showed The World what racism and white supremacy had done to her son. When you make fun of how he looked, you know, you make light of the gravity of her choice. Once again, that choice sparked the civil rights movement, which enables us to enjoy certain freedoms and liberties.


Number three, it fuels desensitization. We already desensitized enough, we can't joke about extreme suffering because when we do that, it normalizes violence and makes people not have empathy. When you laugh at atrocities like Emmett Till, then it becomes easier to ignore them and repeat them. Black pain and trauma is not a joke. Okay? Those are my three reasons. Now, I don't know if this is true or not, just you can tell me, but on the internet they say someone don't wash her ass. That's what they saying. Up and down a comment. She dirty. What you Mean say she don't wash her ass. Don, they say she don't bath or shower. I don't watch the show. So I don't know. I Don't know. That's what they said. Have you ever seen that on the show? No. I never seen nobody not Bath. I don't watch the show.


My little sister does. I don't believe you. Okay, I saw a post on social media. Okay? Me or Jess don't watch the show allegedly. So I don't know if this is true on whether or not you bathe or not. Summer. All I know is you can't be dirty physically and mentally. Okay? You got to pick a struggle. So if you don't wash your ass, in the words of a great black philosopher, d gla, you gotta get yourself together and at least go give your brain a bath. Okay? Go to church, start listening and get on the right path. Summer Emmett Till was 14 years old when he was murdered over a lie. We can't be so morally bankrupt as a people that we on reality TV making jokes about Emmett Hill because folks already think women on reality TV shows like the one you are on are morally bankrupt.


So don't prove them right. Please give someone from Baddies Africa the biggest heehaw. Oh, Crazy. All right. You can't make, as soon as don't walk in the room summer, don't take a bath. I'm like, Walker. I heard him say that too. And I thought you said About somebody walking down. That was the second time after I already asked you. I said, who is Summer from Baddies Africa? And you went in, you was like, oh my God, that show is nobody on that show is actually African. They auditioned a bunch of people from Africa but didn't choose one of them. Oh, Absolutely, yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. All came from my little sister who watches the show. I watched Justin's k Bret, I do not watch Betty's. Hmm. You was on that one. You was on the show too, right?


I was doing You was on Bad's. That's, That's why you got your hair like that. Jesus Christ No Dummies. I was on Jocelyn's Cabaret. Oh, okay, okay. Yes. I I hosted the reunion. Oh, okay. I I used to watch Betty's when Haw was on there And I watched a little bit when Siki came, but then I, I just stopped Tiki. That's Chan's sister. Okay. But they, it is, no, they fight for no reason. Like it, it is no reason, no nothing. Like everybody just run around screaming, fighting. Well, you watch it. That's the reason why. And what was the context of that clip? Did they had, did somebody get beat up? Is that why she said that? Oh, they was fighting Fighting. They Were fighting. They was fighting. Oh. Oh, okay. Okay.


Alright. Well thank you for that donkey today. Yes, indeed. Now this next topic is really intriguing to Charlamagne. Hmm. He heard it was a TikTok trend and he was very intrigued. 800 K from Lex p and Dre. They was up here from the Paul Mines podcast and you know, they got the new show on BET Travel Queens. And Lex said something that I had never heard before, but a apparently it's a trend on TikTok. Do we have the clip? You know, they say they like bad. We they white people. The white, they love a crunchy, maybe she white, she not dating in the right pool. Love a crunch. No love a CRUT stale wig. They have that same hard wig, soft life. So you Say, I didn't make that up. Charm.


I ain't never heard. They do say that. That I got, we gonna have to open the phones at some point because I don't believe that. I've never heard the white men like stiff. They do. If you, You said stiff wig, hard life. A Hardwig Soft life. Who told you this? I'm serious. If you go look on TikTok right now and type hard wig soft life, you gonna see nothing but interracial couples, White men. Okay. All the white allies that listen to The Breakfast Club. Okay, I need to know if this is true. Do y'all like crunchy, stiff, stale? Wigs is hard. Wigs soft life a thing That can't be. Or You just botched on TikTok making up stuff? I Can smell that right now. Like it just, That's crazy. You can smell what? And I had crunchy wig. Little, little share Whiteman And I, I ain't, I ain't never telling me they wanted No, no little bad wig.


Were you wearing wigs back then? Yeah, I was wearing wigs. Was it crunchy? Little bit, but I did have some good ones too. Okay. Like I didn't, I wasn't just wearing them for them. So there might be something to it then. It might be. But what is the Question we're asking here this Morning? I'm just curious. I just asking white men. Do you like crunchy, crunchy wigs, stiff, stale wigs? It Depends on the white man though, because I was dating like the Channing Tatum, like the, the Channing Tese. But if it's like a, a white Wall Street guy, I know they probably, they look, they like the look at the black woman look like she's struggling so he can take care of her. Mm. Yeah. Okay, well listen, 1 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Reach out and touch us right now. White men. Okay, we wanna hear from you. I do not wanna be reached out and touched by no white man.


What are you talking about? Do you like crunchy, stiff, stale wigs? You get one long braid. You got one long braid. Now you don't wanna be touched by white man. Okay, Dr. Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Taking the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right.


And with the BS premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today.


Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features. Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even look at to switch things up, add find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


This podcast is supported by Talkspace. When my husband came home from his military deployment, readjusting was hard for all of us. Thankfully I found Talkspace. Talkspace provides professional support from licensed therapists and psychiatric providers, online military members, veterans and their dependents. Ages 13 and older can get fast access to providers all from the privacy of their computers or smartphones. I just answered a few questions online and Talkspace matched me with a therapist we meet when it's convenient for me And I can message her anytime. It was so easy to set up and they accept Tricare therapy was going so well. My husband And I started seeing a couples therapist through Talkspace too. Talkspace works with most major insurers including Tricare match with a licensed therapist today at talkspace.com/military. Go to talkspace.com/military to get started today. That's talkspace.com/military.


What happens when we come face-to-face with death? My truck was blown up by a 20 pound anti-tank mine. My parachute did not deploy. I was kidnapped by a drug car till I just remember everything getting dark. I'm dying When we step beyond the edge of what we know to Open our consciousness to something more than just what's in that western box. In return, I clinically died. The heart stopped beating, which I was dead for 11.5 minutes. My name is Dan Bush. My mission is simple to find, explore, and share these stories. I'm not a victim, I'm a survivor. You're strongest when you're the most vulnerable To remind us what it means to be alive.


Not Just that I was the guy that cut his arm off, but I'm the guy who is smiling when he cut his arm off Alive. Again. A podcast about the fragility of life, the strength of the human spirit, and what it means to truly live. Listen to live again on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows. Okay? 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 white man out there. Do you like crunchy wigs? Okay, The tallest hard wigs. Soft life. Is that a thing? It's Educated show this morning, right Disgust. It's the Breakfast Love. Good morning. I cannot believe The Breakfast Club color Man.


It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, Hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now just joining us, a topic that I guess intrigued Charlamagne this morning. Yes, it was very intriguing. We had the, the young ladies from the Paul Mines podcast on last hour, Lex p Andrea. And they put me onto something that I had never heard of. You know, they said it's called the hard wig. Soft life trend. Yes. On TikTok. And they said that there is white men out there who love black women with crunchy, stiff, stale wigs.


Do we have the clip? You Know, they say they like bad wigs. They do the white. They love a crunchy, they love. Maybe she white. She not dating in the right pool. No love a crut stale wig. They have that same hard wig. Soft life. You saying I didn't make that up, char. I ain't say that. They do say that. Say that. I got, we have to open the phones at some point because I don't believe that. I've never heard the white men like stiff. They Do. If you Think you said stiff wig, hard life Hardwig. Who told you this? I'm serious. If you go look on TikTok right now and type hard wig soft life, you gonna see nothing but interracial couples.


All right, well there, there's a lot of men on the line. Really? Hello? Yo, if you know the vibes of mellow Melo, I Saying the white men wanna talk To you. Meow. I understand that. Mellow. I understand that. What? Meow. I understand that. Melo, I want to talk to Caucasian, But I'm white And I never did ancestry. So technically do we know if I'm all the way black? Oh God. Meow. You messing up my segment. White. Meow, Meow. What? Listen, all I'm gonna say is this. I dated a shorty with a stiff wig before and if my ego hadn't gotten the way she actually treated me, right? Maybe because you know what? Emini here, she don't know how to treat her. You feel me? And honestly, the reason why white men like it is because the only thing white people could better than black people is they white like uptown. So I feel like if a wig looked like a pair of white uptown by a white person, Have a good day.


Melo. Goodbye Melo. I want to talk to all Caucasian listeners this morning. D good morning, D Good Morning. Good morning. Yo, yo, yo, yo. Alright, now we cooking. He's definitely white. What's up? What's up talk DI am of the Caucasian persuasion. I just want say these beautiful ladies are spit is facts. The harder the wig, the softer the booty, man. That's a fact. What, when did you realize that it was the hard wig was your thing? Like 26, 27? Man, about a half a decade ago. These shits got it going on, man. You know what I'm saying? So you don't even try to help them upgrade their wig game. You just stick with the stiff steel. Well, I'm gonna upgrade them. I'm a compliment to them. I shouldn't be upgrading. I should be there to be a, a compliment to the situation.


You know? It don't never feel like a hem a helmet. When y'all kiss, you ain't never cut your cheek. Jesus. Horrible. Hey, Hey listen. Safety first. You know what I'm saying? Okay. Yeah. Well thank, Thank you D Wow. Hello, who's this? Hey, This is Kevin. Kevin, are you Kevin, are you white, Kevin? Clearly. Yeah, Clearly. Do you like a hard, stale, stiff wig, Kevin? No. No. Right. Crazy Man. We ain't at Taco Bell, bro. We not at Taco Bell, Man. We not at Taco Bell. Oh, you only like your, your tacos crunchy that, That's the only thing I like. Crunchy is my tacos, man. I like that. I like that. Kevin. Thank you Kevin. All right, thank you calling. So we got one for one, Josh. Good morning.


Hey, What's up man? Josh, are you white? Of course He is. Josh? Yeah, I'm white Man. What's up, Josh? Where you calling from? Newcastle, Pennsylvania. Okay, so tell me, is, is this a thing? Do white men really like crunchy, stiff, stale wigs So dumb? Hell no, man. We like box braids with ice edges laid down, Box braids and edges laid down. Talk that talk. Josh know? Yeah, I don't like the crusty wigs. I don, my girl don't wear any. Okay. Your girl Black? Yeah, she's black. Yeah, she black. Where you from? Pennsylvania, YZ I'm from Newcastle, Pennsylvania. Right outside Pittsburgh. Okay. All right. Thank you sir. So, so far we got one Yes and two nos.


Hello? Who's this? Hey, my name is Faye. What's up guys? Faye, do You have a white Man? No, we don't need you talking. We need your white husband. Hey Girl. No, he would call seriously ass. Makes no, my husband is white. You black? She white. He prefer natural hair. Are you white? He black. Oh, I'm black. Oh, okay. So your husband prefers natural hair, correct? Yeah, he, he ain't weed and weeds and stuff. Don't nobody wanna know weed. Nobody. Okay, Don't nobody, but some people might say nobody want no dry white man. Dr. Al would say that, but oh my Damn. But that ain't crunchy so I dunno about that. Thank you Faye.


Okay, thank you Faye. So, so far we got one Yes. In three, no. Yes. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Charlamagne is asking this morning, are you a white man that loves crunchy wigs? I'm talking about, well first of all, Charlamagne ain't asking this. Yes you are. This came, this came from the Paul Minds podcast. But you Wanna know More about it And I want to know more about it. You intrigued? Yes, I do. I want to actually talk to our white listeners and so far we have one. Yes. Three nos. White men do not like crunchy, stiff, stale wigs. I told you it depends On the guy. It depends on the white guy. Well we need some Noahs to call up here. Are there any Noahs? No. Well we any Oliver developers? Oliver, we'll take some, Any and yo Williams take some calls when we come back. It's, it's The Breakfast Club. Come on, If y'all talking about it, you know we talking about it.


It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ EJ Envy, Jess Hilarious Charlamagne ne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're Just joining us, we're having a question about wigs. Yes. We're asking white men out there. Our white listeners, our white allies. Do you enjoy women? Black women with crunchy wigs. And this came from the Poor Minds podcast. They was up here last hour promoting their new show on BET Travel Queens. And l Andre was saying that white men like crunchy, stiff, stale wigs. Apparently on TikTok, there's something on TikTok that says Soft wig. The hard wig. Soft. Hold On. You got a She has to be excused. Go poop.


Jess. You can be excused. You better stop drinking that green juice if, if you gonna run through you like that. Oh, it came out. It Came out. Oh, Listen, when you listen. So we're asking the question, do white men actually like crunchy stiff sta here On? All right, well let's go to the phone. Mike, you there? Mike? I'm here. Mike, are you white? Wow. You get right to that morning, Jess. How? I know Jess isn't white. Well, Jess had to run out. He's a little closer to my construction, but I know Envy's envy. Envy's from the other side. Envy's, Dominican and white. No, I'm black. I'm black, sir. But we, we were asking do you like crunchy wigs, sir? No, I don't like crunchy wig.


Who likes, who likes crunchy wigs besides Jess? Damn. Jess don't like crunchy wigs. She not here to defend herself. She had to go poop. Damn. What you mean? No, I don't like s Right. I have, I have a friend. Right? And, and, and, and she just started wearing the extension and the track thing I think come like, it's a little piece of hair and you stick up in their hair like glue. I don't know how to, but it doesn't fit her hair. Her hair straight. Okay. Emini here. You know, obviously you said in my white. Yes, T is too. Okay. Thank you Mike. All I'm realizing right now is TikTok is a liar. Nobody Likes crunchy wigs. Well, we all one, one for Yes, four for no. We have John on the line. John, good morning John. Good Morning.


Good morning all. Hey John. Hi John. Where you calling from? John Orlando, Florida. Oh, very white people down in Orlando. I love Orlando though. John, do you like crunchy, stiff, stale wigs? I don't like any wigs. Crunchy. I like it natural. Okay. Like it natural. Okay. Do you like black women? Yes I do. Okay, cool. So you want your black, you want your sisters to have natural hair. Natural Hair? Yes, I Do. Okay. Alright, Listen. Thank you John. You have a great, great morning. We've had one Yes so far and five nos. Okay. Hello? Hello. The white delegation is speaking. Hello? Who's this? Hi, this is Danny. Danny. We were, we were asking for white men to call, but we don't know what you identify as.


Oh no. I'm definitely a black female. I just used to be with a white man. Okay. Did he like crunchy, stiff, stale wigs? Nah. So, okay, so I got locks, right? But he was like an average trailer park white boy. So they're different. They usually like natural looking black girls. But the more money they have, the more they want us to look destitute. They want us to look like we need them. It's like a slave, master slave type thing. It's a real set life thing. Like it's a fetish. They want us to look bad so that way they can feel empowered. Who, it's weird. It's a thing. And any woman that's with a man like that is a concerning because he really don't like her. He's just, he's, it's a fetish. Damn. Alright. Okay.


Thank you very much. Thank you so much. I'm learning so much this morning. Are you really? Yes. Let's take one more. There is no more. Oh well yeah. According to our Breakfast club poll, white men don't like crunchy stiff still, not at all. Okay. I don't know what TikTok telling y'all to, to, you know, telling the Poor Mind podcast and our producer Sid was in here talking about. That's the thing too. I ain't get that from our phone calls this morning. Not at all. Okay. We got one. Yes. And six no's. No white men don't like crunchy, stiff, stale wigs. Not at all. At least according to our, our data. That's Right. Alright, well let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight face off. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. Well, she gets into details.


I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on this, the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes you have facts, sometimes you have details, sometimes you have a little bit of everything. Well, it's the latest on The Breakfast Club. Talk, talk to me. I was telling y'all earlier in the show that after being in court yesterday for the opening statements in the first couple witness testimonies, I think that Diddy could potentially get off. His legal team is really like that. Now here's why number one, they were so good about changing the narrative around this Cassie Video. Number two, they painted a good picture of Diddy being the aggressor, but an aggressor in a already aggressive situation when it came to like the, the, the victim that is saying that she, he put her hands, he put his hands on her.


So let's talk about the CNN video, the Cassie beating video. So they called a witness to the stand. This guy was one of the heads of security. So he was like second in command and security at the Intercontinental Hotel back in March of 2016. So there was Only two witnesses yesterday, the one you talked about earlier. Yes. Which was the male escort. Yes. Is the second. Okay. Yeah. So actually the LAPD officer, security guard was actually the first witness. But we talked about him outta order, but yes, only two. So this guy was working at the Intercontinental Hotel. He's a security guy who actually responded when Cassie got on the phone in the lobby outside of the elevators and called for help. The hallway. Yep, the hallway. Right. So he said he got on the stand and the prosecutors are talking to him first. So this is the other side. So they're like asking him to run down what happened?


So he said he got a report of a woman in distress on the sixth floor. He, he said he came up and before he came up he hadn't seen any of the footage. So he didn't know that it was like physically violent before that. But he said he, he came up and he was talking to Cassie and Diddy 'cause they were going back and forth and he's like, yo, y'all gotta take this into y'all room. Y'all can't be out here doing all this. So he said, as he was trying to get them back in the room, Cassie kept saying, I wanna leave, I wanna leave, I wanna leave. And allegedly Diddy was like, no, she's not going anywhere. So he said he had to step in. This is what he's telling prosecutors. He had to step in and be like, well if she wants to leave, we, we gonna allow her to, to get her things to leave. And I walk y'all to the room to do it. So he says he walks them to the room and when he gets to the room, he's able to see inside and there's a man in dark clothing sitting on the bed, which is important, right?


And I'm gonna tell y'all why, because Cassie is alleging that the whole her, the, the video that we saw was her trying to get away from one of those freak off situations that she did not wanna be a part of. And because she didn't wanna be a part of everything we saw in that video was what happened. Now, Diddy seem is saying, saying, oh, so that's Why the video matters to the court. Diddy's team is saying no, we, because freak offs aren't, weren't a thing. You guys were consensually engaging sexual acts. But that's not even what happened here. Diddy's team pointed out the fact that when he comes back out, like after he like throws a vase and he walks away, he has a lit up phone in his hand. He grabs the phone outta her hand. They were arguing over, allegedly something that she saw in the phone that this is just a very tumultuous, like jealous relationship.


Right? So this guy, he's important, this witness is important because he's gonna help you determine which side of that you believe. So he's running down what he saw. He says he saw this guy in, in the room when he's talking to the prosecutors. He's also saying that like, you know, after Cassie left, there was like this seven foot man that like, basically like a big man that came and, and picked Cassie up. And obviously she knew the man, but it was kind of uncomfortable going back to the whole, you know, Diddy's team was helping him orchestrate all this stuff. Yep. He says he went back upstairs to talk to Puff and explained to him the rules of the hotel and that he had to pay for some things and Diddy had this like devilish stare on his face when he came out of the, the elevator at one point. And that Diddy allegedly offered him money. So the man is saying that Diddy offered him money because he didn't want any of this to come out because he, for her and for him.


But then they cross examinee him. So now Brian Steele gets up there for Diddy half dog law. No, let me tell you, we reported about Brian still a lot in here, but I have never seen, he did it so effortlessly. I've never seen nothing like this. So he gets up there and he's like, okay, so you were, you're now an LAPD officer. 'cause they leaned a lot on that 'cause they want you to look at this man as like he has an integrity. He's currently an LAP D officer, currently L-A-A-L-A-P-D officer after he left being security at that hotel. Right? So he has all this morals and integrity. 'cause he's an officer, he understands taking oath and telling the truth. So Brian still is like, okay, well you told us that when you do your incident reports you gotta report the W's. Where, what, why, who like all the details. So he goes into the incident report and he says to him, he says the incident reports are important, right?


Because when you, when when we're recounting these things, we're relying on your report. So everything in your report is valid 'cause y'all depend on that. He's like, yeah. So he instantly starts getting him. He's like, okay, so you mentioned something about Cassie having a purple eye when you got off of the elevator. Why wasn't that in your incident report? The man said, well I didn't think that that was significant to put in. He, Brian still said, so he thought it was significant today, but it wasn't significant nine years ago. So then he says, you said that you saw a man inside of their hotel room, why wasn't that in your incident report? Did you ask the man his name? Did you talk to him? And he was like, no, because the man didn't really say anything. So then Brian still is like, well you also mentioned that you offered to call the police but Cassie told you not to.


Why didn't you put that in your incident report? And he was like, 'cause I didn't think it was important to like, you know what Emini here, she said don't call the cops. I obvious answer to all of that is 'cause he was trying to cover up Fiji. So li so, so no, no, no, no, no, no. But like listen, so yeah, That's the obvious answer for all Of that. I'm about to keep going. Listen. So he's like, so he's like, no, because I didn't think that that was important, blah blah. So he's like, he's like, so when you say that you saw this man inside of the hotel room, right? Can you talk to us about like how the hotel room was set up? Because the point he was trying to get to, but they backed up off of it was Diddy would've been in a presidential suite or a larger hotel room where if you're standing in the doorway, you're not seeing someone sitting on a bed, you're not seeing a person. And you didn't even put that in your report. So he's like, that makes no sense whatsoever. And then the prosecution had already played the video in full and then they played these videos he recorded on his phone and they ask him, well why would you record videos on your phone?


And he's like, because if I had told my wife that this just happened, 'cause I knew who Puff was, but I didn't know who Cassie was, she wouldn't have believed me. That blows, even if he was just trying to cover up for Didi, that now makes him look like you were so thin out at this point. We can't trust either side. We can't trust you in defensive. So he sent the video to His wife, he sent the two videos to his wife and in the video you hear him laughing like, look how shiny my shoes are. Like he's not taking it serious at all. So then he's like, people were coming up to me afterward that worked for the hotel asking me about this video. And I'm telling him like he's super excited telling everybody about it. Telling everybody what happened. But now today you only are saying that you remember certain things that go against Puff while you're on the stand. But you didn't recount, you didn't say those things back then because He was covering up for Puff back then.


But maybe he got a conscience now is all I'm simply saying, Did he get paid by Diddy? Did, did he take Money? He said, he said he didn't take the money. He said that did, he offered him a ton of money. And to that Brian still it was a stack. Yeah, he said he came out with a, a huge stack of money and he didn't offer it to that. Brian still said, well you were basically, 'cause he kept saying, I kept telling Diddy how much he had to, not how much he had to pay, but the fact that you had to pay for all the stuff that you messed up. And if Diddy's already saying to you, I don't want this to get out anywhere. He's like, so of course when you came back up to him, he had the money ready or whatever. 'cause you're saying he had all this cash, like he had it ready 'cause he just wanted to take care of it and move on. You know what's interesting, there's nothing they can do or say that is going to minimize what people saw in that video. And I know that they're trying to keep a different narrative, but yes, if you've seen that video, you're not going to forget that video.


Yeah, no, You're not, you're not gonna forget that video. Video. He's a violent person. But what they're saying is the video didn't happen because of a, a bad freak off. They're saying the video happened because of a bad Argument. Don't matter why it's happened, I just don't think, but they gotta prove it. I just don't think, I don't think that the jurors are going to be able to separate that video from their mind. They can't. They gonna have To. I don No, no, no. I don think it'll still be there. But I think one thing that, 'cause I thought it was weak in the beginning, but when I saw Brian Steel and the way he operated, I said, oh, I understand it because thing about Brian Steele and everything, he just did. He, he basically made that witness. So Uncredible right, that's right. Regardless of how you look at him and then sitting next to that you have the prosecutor, the prosecutor, you have the defense attorney opening up and saying he is, if if he was being charged with domestic violence today, he would be guilty.


They owned up to all of it. So it's like what you Gonna do? I understand what you're saying, but when Kathy takes that stand, I think that might happen today. And as, And I, she was a young back then, super young, when she takes that stand and she talks and you look at her and contrasts to the money, the power, the age of Diddy, and they're on her and she's basically saying, I didn't want to do any of these things. It was outta my control. I was getting drugged up, alcohol getting beat on, blah blah blah. All of that's gonna bother out the window. But they gonna have to prove that beyond a reasonable doubt. Well One of the Yes, They gonna have to go the window, prove all that without a little bit of doubt that she enjoyed it or she liked it. It's gonna be difficult. That's my whole thing is everything you're saying. I agree with it. They got videos too.


Yeah, they do have videos also, but need Video of him forcing her. They Have videos. They said that they have audio and they had, they, they said they have a lot more. So again, this was just the first day. But I will say, y'all talking about that, that shadow of doubt, his team was just really good at opening shadow of doubt. Opening up that, hey, y'all gotta do a little bit more to prove this. You know, if you said forcing her man running after her in the hallway, grabbing her, trying to drag her ass back is definitely Because they brought that back up, forcing her. They replayed that part of the video twice. But He, what what they're saying is they're proving that it was an argument based off of a phone. So that was a domestic case that they're saying that he's guilty of. Got an eyewitness named Cassie that's gonna say otherwise. And now listen, I heard so I wouldn't, I wouldn't be for sure Cassie's getting on stand this week, but I heard that it will possibly be today because we were trying to figure out how pregnant she is.


I I'm hearing she's due like first week of June, so Oh damn. Yeah. So The visuals gonna be, that's gonna be some crazy optics. Yeah. A pregnant woman on stand crying talking about abuse that she used to endure. And you gonna look like a real ass if you, if you pro a defense pressing her. But they gonna have to, they they gonna have to. But also you got all these other witnesses saying things are different. So it's gonna be a bunch of witnesses in and it's, it's, it's a Lot come, it's they pull this out, its more come. This is just day one, y'all. This is just me walking away, away day one. A lot of people I talked to yesterday walked away feeling like, oh wait, hold on. What? He's a, he's a messed up person, but like, did he do everything? So if it's day one, who do you give the, who do you give the score to? Did These team took day one? Did this team is day? Yeah. How was he looking real quick? Did he, did he look, he looked a lot better. You shamble.


He had his, he had his hair cut and stuff. He's still really gray. He was in all gray and white, but he, you know, he looks better. His hair was cut. And then just a question. The first guy, the first witness that you was talking about, the guy who urinated, was he cute? Oh my goodness. No, it was given like he could have been MNE custody. All Right, all right, all right, all I seen some of your cousin, That's the latest Lauren, So I don't even know why you would even say something like That. Lauren, get up outta here. You gotta go to court now because you're going to court. Yeah, Your cousins at Thursday wanna sell crack again When we come back we got got the people's choice mix. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, you are checking out The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let me shout out my wife.


Gia. Today is our anniversary. We've been married 24 years officially to date. Congratulations my brother. Been together since 16 years Old. That is a blessing. Six kids. So that's right. Salute to my wife. I don't know how she put up with my crazy ass, but I love you baby and we're gonna have an amazing day today. So That's right man. Salute to my wife. 24 years Nap. 'cause you know your ass is tied in here. Yeah, I am. I try to, I try to do something different but I ain't gonna do it no more. You ain't forget how to do it right. Do what? That thing you didn't know how to do for 10 years. Now you know how to do it. You know how to do it right. You would know. Do he? I Don Dunno, Shut up. Thank you. Thank you. He never made me. I can, he never made me shut up Man. Oh my God.


Still ain't made me this been 15 years. Oh my Goodness. This guy is literally Crazy. I'm saying he ain't, have you ever made me? He's such an idiot. I am Not. Answer, answer the question. I'm not answering that. Wow. You can't answer the question. Have you ever made me have an orgasm in me? I am not answering you. Wow. Salute. No. I can tell you the answer is no in 15 years. So I'm just making sure. Okay. You know what you doing tonight? Oh My goodness. Again, happy anniversary to my wife. This Guy's crazy Stupid. Now salute to Lex p and Dre and Nicole for joining us. Man, my girls, they got a show on BET called Travel Queens. They also got a podcast called The Poor Minds Podcast. Man Support Dre and Lex and everything that they do, they are very deserving.


This show is on BET her? Yes. Make sure we highlight the her. Okay, so what is, who's is there a BET, him? I don't, I don't know. No. What about A BET? They It's Probably in the make it, you know how They are. So, and Tyler got programming for all that? Yes. Okay. Everything Miss Pat too. My goodness. I keep thinking about, yo, she first sat down with Ms. Pat was up. You told her her and Tyler Perry keeping the lights on at Bt. It's true though. Stupid. I, I think she's on BT Plus Salute Ms. Pat too. They had Ms. Pat hosting. She hosted the Paramount fronts the other day. Hey, That's what's up. That's my girl.


Alright, well it's time to get up outta here. And also Laura LaRosa, she is at court. She's in court today with Diddy. Yes. So if you're looking for her, she'll be there all day and she'll be giving us updates in the morning. Oh And Luther to my girl. Miko. Grimes Miko said that and she just, she said that The Breakfast Club white men aren't the type that like crunchy wigs. She said it's the old dusty white men s That. Damn. Yes, that's what she said. So not, not The Breakfast Club. White men. White men that listen to The Breakfast Club don't like crunchy Wigs. Crunchy wigs. I did tell you that it takes a certain type of white man. You did say that. I did tell you all that. But what y'all need to do is y'all need to subscribe to my YouTube. Y'all just official there. You will see never before seeing clips behind the scenes footage of me doing just with the mess.


Little interviews, little stuff that you will not be able to catch me do anywhere else but on YouTube. So go there, subscribe and let's run it up. Y'all run it up. Also this weekend, Atlantic City, I'm there. Hey, show is almost sold. I'll get your tickets. Jess alar official.com s Yes. Also Philly. Y'all right down the street. Bring y'all asses through. I love y'all. I can't wait to see y'all. The Saturdays. Alright. Charlamagne positive note. I do. And it comes from one of my favorite Instagram pages. The Healing Guide. Man, if you knew how difficult and long it took some people to recover their peace of mind and happiness, you'll understand why they shut all doors at any potential negativity. And also why they can be so selective about who they allow in their lives.


They don't feel bad about being selective. Okay, because you know what it took for you to get to this place of peace. Have a great day Breakfast Club Bitches. Y'all finish or y'all duck.


Does Friendly have a taste? If it does, it's probably like hello's, peppermint flavored anti plaque and whitening toothpaste. Brush away plaque. Show tartar who's boss and remove surface stains to naturally whiten hello's, thoughtful and flavor forward products. Make brushing your teeth. Feel like a confetti filled bathroom dance party. So say hello to hello with the always cruelty free, never tested on animal toothpaste that's made to spread smiles. Visit hello products.com and let hello add some everyday yay into your life.


Hey friend, I know how this feels. Waking up exhausted after multiple trips to the bathroom and feeling embarrassed by sudden leaks. I used to be constantly on edge searching for a restroom whenever I was out. Then I discovered Better woman. I was skeptical at first, but two months in everything changed. I experienced improved bladder control. No more heart stopping moments when I laugh or sneeze. Less urge to go deeper and more restful sleep. I finally felt like myself again. Confident and in control. Better woman is natural, effective, clinically tested and trusted by women for over 25 years. Ready to take back your control. Head over to be better now.com to order your supply today. That's be better now. Dot com. These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. Use as directed individual results may vary.


What happens when we come face-to-face with death? My truck was blown up by a 20 pound anti taint Mine. My parachute Did not Deploy. I was keeping up by drill curtail. When we stepped beyond the edge of what we know clinically died, The heart stopped beating, Which I was dead for 11.5 minutes. In return, it's a miracle I was brought back alive again. A podcast about the strength of the human spirit. Listen to a live again on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Hey, it's Jay Shetty And I'm bringing my first ever on purpose live tour to Washington DC on May 21st, presented by Chase Sapphire Reserve. Join me in surprise guests for meaningful and insightful conversations to spark learning, experience, growth, and build real connections. Chase Sapphire Reserve card members can redeem their chase ultimate rewards points for VIP packages. To meet me before the show or visit Jay sheddy.me/tour to get your tickets.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.