
Be warned That once you pick up a refreshingly cold drink from McDonald's and people see just how refreshingly cold that drink from McDonald's is, you may create drink envy because there are drinks, then there are drinks from McDonald's For a morning brew that really creates a stir. Get any size iced coffee, including caramel and French vanilla for just 99 cents before 11:00 AM. Price and participation may vary, cannot be combined with any other offer or combo meal.


Most deals are barely worth mentioning. But then there's at and t's Best deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. Featuring Flex Camm With Galaxy ai, you can get it on them when you're trading in your eligible smartphone any year, any condition. It's a deal. So good, you'll be shouting from the rooftops. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on. At and t. At and t connecting Changes everything requires Trading of Galaxy, S note or Z Series Smartphone Limited Time offer 256 gigabytes for $0 additional fees. Terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/ Samsung or visit an ATT store for details@public.com.


You can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% A PY with no subscription required. That means zero monthly account fees or balance requirements, and you can withdraw cash whenever you like. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% A PY as a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Fin Run, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


Turn it up. Music fans. This one's for you. Koch Studio is dropping fresh music and performances from artists you love. Like new jeans. Carol G and Peggy Goo and Koch's, giving you chances to win a trip to one of the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke or Coke. Zero sugar. 12 ounce. Can the unlock fan fuel music moments no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility, and prize. availability@cokeul.com slash Studio USA. Promo copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company.


The Paris Olympics are here tonight in men's gymnastics. US all around Champ Brody Malone continues his amazing comeback as he leads team USA against the world's best. Unbelievable. He is back. Plus history will be made in the pool as a strong US swimming team takes on. Rivals Australia and the best of The World in pursuit of gold. Experience the Olympics as you've never seen them before. Primetime in Paris tonight. Eight seven Central on NBC in Peacock.


This is a morning show for guys day DJ m. Better known as the People's Choice. This to all my light-skinned brothers out there just hilarious. Just for The World wide mask. Just don't do no Lying. And Charlemagne the guy. Don't eat it. Everybody come to The. Breakfast Club. I call this the hot seat yo Breakfast Club. It's like being on America's front porch. Don't feel like my risk Cousins. I never thought to me. Every time I go to the S club, I know. Gonna be like a good Man. I'm getting up. Good Morning. USA Yo yo Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Just hilarious. Good morning. What's up Charlamagne the cat.


Peace To the planet. It's Monday. Good morning, Jessica. Robin Moore. That baby ain't dropped yet. No, no, no, no. Still Having contractions? Yeah. Every day. Jeez, a Lot. What? What's she waiting on to pop out and show this? Huh? I, I have no idea what she waiting on. But I actually got like, I got some tea. This, this raspberry tea, like pre-labor tea that I ordered that I've been drinking. And then they said walking on a You know all types of stuff come about when somebody is trying to do something. Black people have everything for you. If. you crack an egg and fried hard or something, or put it on your sleep with it on your head. And You know how somebody, grandma always come up with something.


So they tell me to walk on the curb, one foot on the curb, one foot on one foot on the street. Like I'm in the Olympics and walk a Mile. I tell you one thing that worked, but I think you supposed to do it either when you close to your due date or if you're after your due date. Some Casto oil, cast oil popped that baby right on out. Like what you mean? Like rub it on myself? What? No. Drink it like a little smoke, shake it. That's not real Telling. Im, I've heard that, but You know. They say, they say sex helps. Yeah. Yo, that hurt though. I ain't trying. Mm. That hurt though, man. Cast oil. I'm don't do it now. Don't do the cast oil oil now. I'm just saying like if it gets close to to time cast oil. That's crazy. I seen that. Y'all can't See me.


No. No, we can't See You. I'm gonna see. 'cause why y'all looking at each other for talking to me? This is crazy. I seen the cast, I seen the cast oil work. My wife did cast oil for our third. I think it was Really? Yeah. But we also had a doula though that was directing us through all of that stuff. So Yeah, Yeah, yeah. No, no, no. She Told her to take that cast oil. Oh, it was on and popping then. Now usually it's walking. They said walk, walking always works and sex. But, but the walking always works. Go to the mall. Just walk around the mall, go shopping. That's what I've been doing all weekend. I actually gotta see Deadpool. Did you take Dall? I kids to see Deadpool Ring? You know. I saw Deadpool last Thursday actually. Absolutely. Well, Now I take the kids to, y'all can't take your kids to see that. Y'all thought bad boys was crazy. Deadpool was Crazy. Nah. Depo the writing. Yeah, depo was crazy. Is hilarious.


It was great though. I mean, the only thing I didn't, well, nevermind I'm about to say the only thing I didn't like about it, but I don't wanna say anything blow. 'cause Yeah, it's only been the first weekend, even though they made like damn near $500 million, which is crazy in the first weekend, right? Is nuts with no, no villain. No. Well, yeah, like you said, you don't wanna, you don't wanna mess it up after the first week. Because I had my complaints about it too. I did Have some complaints, But, but it was good. Yeah. As a comic book fan in a, in a comic movie fan, I thoroughly enjoyed it as a fan of the MCUI did not, but Mm. Okay. But That's, that's, I'll talk about that next week. Okay. Just like I'm Let him make a Billion dollars. I have no idea what you, I'm not into to the, to the comic world.


What? Not into Marvel. I'm not, I've never been into Marvel, nor have I ever been in the, to really the, the wrestler. This, this hasn't been my thing as a kid. I don't know what the hell wrestling gonna Do with this. Nah. That's two different things. Those two things that kids always do. They always watch wrestling. Oh, wrestling. And they're always into the Marvel comic. Those the two things I just never was into me. Me are Jess not kids. Okay. We're growing as people. But You started as kids watching it, correct? I did as a young child. The the MCU is for adults. No, but It grows With you. I was raised to say That's for adults. Yeah. You gotta go see their pool. Alright, well let's get the show cracking. 85 South will be joining us this morning. My guys, Carlos Miller and Chico be will be here. That's right. Of course. They're on the big business comedy tour. We gonna kick it with them. And we got front page news next.


So don't move us. The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good Morning. Hey y'all. Hey. Happy Monday, Morgan. Okay, so in case you missed it, on Friday, former president Donald Trump spoke at the Believer Summit, hosted by the conservative Christian group Turning Point Action in West Palm Beach, Florida. Now he urged the crowd to get to the polls so he could win the election in a landslide quote that's too big to rig. Referring to his false claim that the 2020 presidential election was fixed. Let's hear more from former President Trump. Christians get out and vote just this time.


You won't have to do it anymore. Four more years. You know what? It'll be fixed. It'll be fine in four years. You don't have to vote again. We'll have it fixed. So good. You're not gonna have to though. I mean, I mean that's him with his dictator talk again. But none of this should surprise anybody. I mean, we were saying, we were saying this was a possibility in 2020 and he tried to do it in 2020 when he attempted to overturn the results of an election. Okay. Other politicians have warned of this. Republicans like Liz Cheney, You know is one that comes to mind. So I don't know why this is a surprise to anyone to hear him say that. Well, You know. He said it. He's a former president, so I'm gonna report on it. Trump also indicated that he was not a Christian to that group.


And speaking of rallies, Trump said he is headed back to Butler, Pennsylvania. Despite the assassination attempt on his life earlier this month. He posted on Truth Social that Secret Service has agreed to substantially ramp up protection at outdoor rallies, which he will continue to have. And If, you haven't seen recent photos. Trump has removed that bandage from his ear. And FBI officials have confirmed and come out and say that he was in fact shot. I know there was a lot of speculation around that. Now meanwhile, the Republican nominee for Vice President JD Vance, he's defending his remarks. You know. Here we go. We've got remarks from Trump, we've got remarks from from Vance. We've got remarks across the board. He's defending his remarks from 2021 about childless Cat Ladies running the country.


Now, Vance has paid faced recent backlash for comments he previously made referring to Vice President Kamala Harris and other Democrats in which he argued the party is controlled by people without children. Now, Vance told the Megan Kelly show that media has attacked him for his sarcasm and not on the substance of what he said. He argued that the Democratic Party is becoming anti-family and anti-child. Do you believe that? Do I think that they're becoming anti-family and anti-child? No. No. 'cause once again, and we had this discussion last week, you don't know why women don't have children. It could be You know physical reasons. They can't, they, they may not be capable. That's right. Of having children. They may have made the choice that they don't want children.


They may have had You know an abortion before. We don't know the reason why people choose not to have kids. It's not just because You know. I ha they hate family. That's true.


All right, so let's switch gears to something we can truly be patriotic about the Olympics. Now You know iHeart is your exclusive audio partner. I know one minute we like, man, this country is, is ghetto. And the next minute we're like team USA right now, You know iHeart is your exclusive audio partner for the 2024 Summer Olympics in Paris. So be sure you download the app and catch the the coverage there.


Now Simone Biles, she fought through adversity as she, as she led T-N-U-S-A to the finals of the Women's Gymnastic Olympic competition. Now, Biles left the floor for a short period of time due to leg comfort. I believe that was in her calf. But she still led her subdivision with a total of 59.556 points. Now the US men's basketball team cruised past Serbia 1 10 84 in their first game of the summer games. And here's what LeBron James had to say ahead of the matchup Team. USA has given a lot to me. So I feel like You know it's, it's an opportunity for me to give back You know some of the greats of that we've ever seen is Steph Curry. Kevin Durant. I'm happy to be a part of You know You know the man Senior national team once again.


I mean they did. Well. I mean LeBron James, he killed it. KD killed it. I'm just having a problem watching the Olympics. I can't find it. Usually I feel like the Olympics is on damn near every channel. You can watch it easy. It Is. I haven't seen it's, it is difficult. What channel NBC? Who do you have I lot Coverage? Yeah, on NBC Peacock. Then you gotta go to YouTube. You gotta pay for it. Nah, I've been watching a regular cable. I mean, I know I sound antique, but I mean I, I have Xfinity. It's on 8 0 4. It's on, it's on like different channels. Something going on every channel. I saw it on NBC all day yesterday. Yeah. NBC. Yeah. Yeah. It is de I was gonna say definitely NBC. Check it out. And, and don't forget You know iHeart. You could download the app If. you wanna just You know. Listen to the coverage. NB There you go. But up next for team USA and basketball is their battle against South Su Sudan, which is slated for Wednesday.


Alright, well that is front page news. We'll see you next hour. Yes. Yes, yes sir. Yes ma'am. Yes ma'am. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Let us know what you did this week and you had a great weekend. Or If you just wanna vent whatever it may be. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Keep calling 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello. Who's this? This is T Hey T. Good morning. Good morning guys. Charlamagne is correct.


The caster oil does work. It's a medical fact that it does work. But two things about caster oil. It's nasty. You have to put it in something like juice or soda or something. 'cause it's nasty. Number two, it's a laxative so it will make you poop all day. You need To, yeah, that's the two things about it. But you do need to poop anyway 'cause you don't wanna poop on a table when you're having the baby, when you pushing. So that's a good thing too. But the Casto oil doesn't work. I used it and my water broke. Yeah, I seen it. I saw it firsthand. I can't remember if my wife was past her due date or right at her due date. I just remember the doula saying drink a little bit of Casto oil tonight.


And she drank that Casto oil tonight and she went in the label later on. Later on that, that morning. Wow. Hello. Who's this? Hey, this is Ray from Detroit. Ray. What up do? Good morning. What's up man? What's up, heavy? What's up Charna Man. Good morning, peace King. What's up brother? How you Hey, what's up to Jess? Hey, what's up Jazz? I ain't even know she was up. Thought she probably having a baby by now. I know, right? He keeps speaking it. Thank you. Yeah man, I'm just, I'm just calling to get some stuff on my chest. Okay, Let's do it. And the politician knew this, this upcoming election. I just wanna know why y'all on Trump?


Why we what Why y'all, why y'all on Trump like that? Like anything you say y'all, y'all blasting everything. I used to be a Democrat, so get me wrong. I used to vote Democrat all my life. Right. And, I. I switched, I switched when Donald Trump came, it was Donald Trump versus Hillary. So I was like, nah, I don't, I don't think Hillary in, I'll go to Donald Trump. But I like his policy. Let me ask a better question as far as what, what, what's his po tell you far as what are the policies As far as cutting taxes for everybody to bank, to big companies that save jobs. If, if the big companies pay a lot of taxes, they move by the country, they move out. You know, go to overseas and stuff like that.


They put taxes at the border to make jobs come back. So I, I'm like, You know it's a lot of jobs. Came back to Detroit far as the big three policy. Okay. Okay. So, so you like Trump because you like his stance on business, you're saying? Yeah. Business. But he might come out, he might come out, he might come out and bring other people out that You know you might be like, he might say stuff like you might don't agree on, but his policy is real good for the, for the, the country. I don't see nothing wrong with, with him being the president. The Democrats ain't doing nothing but sending stuff overseas ain't looking for they peoples or none of that. So that's all. That's it. Well Thank you. They each is on, I am not a surrogate for the Democratic Party.


I am not about to argue with you about your political choices. But, But I mean, like you said, like we've been saying you vote your best interest and and that's, that's All. That's all. Its, I tell people you look at both candidates, You know and you look at You know their agendas and you decide what you think is best for you. I'm not about to argue with you. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Get it off your chest. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast. Club. Ray, Ray, Ray. Yo, char, man. Envy. What up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. We can get on The phone right now. Here, tell you what it is. We live.


Hello? Who's this? It's TT. What's up brother? What's good? What's going top in the morning to You? know all the rest of y'all. Listen man, I want to get off my chest to all the Paris NYC Please evaluate your children if they outside with, with Face Smash and a hoodie on this summer. Please. It don't make no sense man. I'm riding around sense and I'm seeing all these kids with hoodies and face masks on a hundred degrees outside. What's going on. Makes No sense. And, and and and when they get racially profiled or when they get stopped and frisked, can you blame 'em? Yeah, I mean you right mask. If I saw you Got a hoodie mask and a Mask going, I gotta, I gotta just assume you up to no good at 90 degree weather. That is a fact. I'm like, yo, I wanna pull over sometime. Five T-shirts is only $5 at the Bodeger.


Yo. You need a T-shirt brother. Nigga make make you look bad. Make your parents look bad. Like they ain't got no summer clothes for you or something. What's going on? Hey You know what's funny. I will say these kids is built different though. 'cause You know they be wearing like hoodies and stuff in the summer. And so like, I'd be like, damn, let me try it. The my my 1,978 body ain't built like that. I can't do it. I'm out here. I'll be sweating like a mother. I can't do it. That was a fuck. You know, I, I just wanna give a shout out to everybody this summer. Man, y'all, I know that Dominican Republic at Dominican Parade didn't go well You know what I mean? But I wanted to give a shout out to everybody's safety for the rest of the summer and y'all could follow me on TikTok as t handsome. That's T-E-H-A-N-S-U-M. Hold On t.


What happened at the Dominican parade? Yo, they got shot up some, something happened. People was letting shots out. You know this is crazy. Where, Where, what city? You can't Even if it was in the Bronx. Oh, because You know we naturally sated the, so I don't, I don't, I don't know. You know. You know. I don't know where all, I don't know where all the Dominicans are all over the country. I You stupid man. Have a good one. See yo Boy. Alright. I appreciate y'all have a good one. You Man mb how come you ain't tell us that your parade got shot up? I'm not Dominican sir. You Are definitely Dominican. I'm not Dominican. I saw they got you DJing some Latino award show or something like that. I'm definitely not DJing. I'm nominated for the award. Yeah. Nominated. I'm nominated. Best Latino DJ of the year. Boy, you better stop co playing boy. Yo co stop cos playing as a black man. The funny thing is, I, I am nominated but I'm not, I'm not Dominican, but I You know.


I appreciate It. You are definitely Dominican. I'm, I'm not Dominican. I appreciate the nomination. Hello. Who's this? This is Rashanda from Bridgeport. Rashanda. Good morning Rashanda. Good morning. Happy blessed Monday everyone Happy Monday to you. Get it off your chest. Rashonda. Well, not so much as what I want to get off my chest. I just wanted to offer Little Miss Jess mommy ing soon that I heard she was in labor having contractions. And I had an idea that might work for her. That worked for me. I was one day overdue. And I. Just wanted to get that baby out. I went outside And, I jumped some double Dutch.


What? Not long, just a double Dutch. You went outside to jump rope? Yeah. Oh my God. Yes. Jess. Wanna try And I? Hell no. My god baby. I bet it did Work. I'm telling you it I, my water broke the minute I stopped my water broke. And I had my daughter in two hours after that incident. But that was Intentional. I wanted to go on labor. Okay. What Year was this? Go Outside. Double Dutch. Yes. Year was Jump rope. It's either way. Jump rope. It's still jumping rope. What year was this one? What Year was this? Does it matter?


It was in the eighties and nineties. I know Charlemagne had to be the one that asked that question and Yes, the eighties. I Just asked the question. It was the eighties. It was the eighties. Okay. All right. Have you heard about castor oil? Have you heard about castor oil working? Of course she has. Yes, I've heard that. But that is some disgusting stuff. But it does work as well. It Works. That's what I heard. It's disgusting. So more than likely I'll be double Dutch and not, not I'm baby girl. I kid you not. It works. It happened three times. I told somebody to do that and it worked. Rashonda, where you from? Brooklyn, Bridgeport. Connecticut. Connecticut. Okay. Oh Rich boy. Okay, Well have a great day. Well Thank you. Yeah. Have a good morning.


Oh, y'all all do the same as well. I love y'all. Keep up the good word. Thank You Jess. Just text my wife 'cause You know I'll be getting the stories mixed up. But I'm telling you she drank cast oil. I just don't remember if it was close to the due date or after the due date. But it was a little, a little shot of castor oil and that I'm telling you it came like hours later. I think you should do both. Jess. I think you should do a little castor oil while you're double ducking. And I. Think the baby come immediate get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got just with the mess coming up. What we talking about? Yes. Robert Downey Jr. Came back to Marvel, but now that's Ironman so we can get into it. All right, we'll talk about that next. So don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The.


Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's Djj NV. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to Jess with the Mess. News is Real hilarious. Moore just don't do no lying. Don't do, She don't spare nobody worldwide. Jess worldwide on The. Breakfast Club. She's a coach shooter. She was able to get Y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you To see. It's time to set it on and, Okay, Robert Ney Jr. Is back. So over the weekend, Marvel announced that Robert Durney Jr.


Will be returning to the Marvel, but he returning back to Marvel cinematic universe, but not as Ironman. So he gonna portray Dr. Doom, a KE Victor on Doom and Avengers Doomsday, which is set to release next year. Well, in two years in May, 2026, he will also play Dr. Doom and Avengers Secret Wars, which is scheduled to drop in May of 2027. He gonna be doing this for a long time. Hey, I ain't gonna lie. I I really, really, really love Robert Donie Jr. I loved him as Ironman. I actually did shed his hair. Well, a few of them I cried when he died. 'cause I was like, damn. Now we not, because you fall in love with that character. That's right. But what, but what me and Chris was talking about my boyfriend, he was saying like, that's the thing.


Like you don't wanna see a character change. Like for our, for my generation and my son's generation, we just know Iron Man. Tony Stark is Robert Downey Jr. But for my daughter's generation, who's gonna be, man, It's Luther Chris. That's, that's my l negro. He is absolutely right. Lemme tell you something. Yeah. L Negro. Lemme tell you something. I think it reeks the desperation. I don't know why Robert Downey Jr. Would even want to come back and play Dr. Doom. I don't know why Marvel would want him to come back and play Dr. Doom. He is Ironman. That's the thing. I am Ironman. He Ironman. Yep. Yep. And that's exactly like how Con You know. Kids gonna be confused. Like, oh, so he, he too of, okay, so what, how's this gonna play like in the multiverse?


Like how You know don't like it, You know, but I'm just, I I don't like it, but I love him so I'm just like, all right, look, if he, if he like it, hopefully he make us love it.


At public.com we've brought all your investing together in one place. From stocks to options bonds to treasuries and crypto, it's all here. You can even put your cash to work at an industry leading 5.1% a PY. It's the most simple yet sophisticated investing experience on the market. A place where all your investments are just a tap away. Because why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all. Meet your new primary portfolio public.com. A US based company and member of finra. With award-winning customer support, all your investing in one place, 5.1% A PY is of 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C. Not a bank, not investment advice.


The Paris Olympics are here tonight in men's gymnastics. US all around Champ Brody Malone continues his amazing comeback as he leads team USA against the world's best. Unbelievable. He is back. Plus history will be made in the pool as a strong US swimming team takes on. Rivals Australia and the best of The World in pursuit of gold. Experience the Olympics as you've never seen them before. Primetime in Paris tonight. Eight seven Central on NBC in peacock.


Modo us. Visit M odo.us for the best free play social casino experience Wherever you are, Modo offers a huge selection of Vegas style games with free spins, exciting promotions, and always generous jackpots. You can waste your time with the others or you can win at Modo. Register today@modo.us for your free welcome bonus. Modo Is a social casino, no purchase necessary void. Where prohibited play responsibly. Conditions apply. See website details.


Hello. Here's a little secret. Most smartphone deals aren't that exciting, to be honest. They're barely worth mentioning. But then there's at and t and their best deals. Those are quite exciting. They're the kind of deals that are really worth talking about. Like their deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. With this amazing deal. You can trade in your eligible smartphone any year, any condition for a new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. It's so good. In fact, it'll have you shouting from the rooftops. So get yourself down the street level and learn how to snag a new Samsung Galaxy Z. Flip six on at and t and maybe grab a ladder on the way home. At and t connecting changes everything requires trading of Galaxy S not or Z Series. Smartphone Limited time offer 256 gigabyte for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/ Samsung or visit an at t store for details.


You are probably careful with your personal information, but what about the other places that have it? Like the doctor's office that mixed up your files. They have your social security number. The power company that mistakenly cut your service, has your payment info and last three addresses. And the hotel that lost your reservation has your passport info. Your information is in endless places out of your control. Any one of them could accidentally expose you to hackers and identity theft through lack security breaches or simple mistakes. But LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second and alerts you to a wide range of threats. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back. With plans covering up to $3 million for stolen funds and expenses. Mistakes happen. Don't let not having protection be one of them. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/news. That's lifelock.com/news to save up to 40% terms apply.


Even though in the comics You know there was a Dr. Doom variant of Iron Man or a Iron Man variant of Dr. Doom. I don't remember, but I just don't, I don't, I don't like it. I don't And I'm hating on it before I even get a chance to experience it to see it. But I don't like it. Yeah, well You guys enjoy it. Things I don't like. Yeah, it's shut up Amy. You gotta get into it. I don't know why why you don't like it, yo, but it it, it is great. It's something to get into and You know. I wanna say, say, can I say this about Deadpool and Wolverine? Justin? Oh boy. Just 'cause I have to, it's gonna bother me if I don't say it. Like I said earlier, If, you're a comic book fan or a a a comic movie fan. You gonna love it If. you are a fan of the MCU. You not gonna like it 'cause it's not attached to nothing. It's not about nothing. It's just a good fun movie. It's a great movie, but it's not attached to nothing.


That's Exactly, that's exactly what I said. I said is this is the first Marvel movie that didn't have like a, like a villain, like a really, really good storyline. Like they didn't get to come together and do You know. It was, it was action was good. It was written, it was written great. Camera work was good, but it's, I, other than it being shady and, and Ryan Reynolds doing his thing and Hugh Jackman's still looking good. I mean that six pack is crazy in that man. Like 70. Hey, that was CGI Oh my God. Hater For real. He's a hat. He don't know that. He don't know that for sure. He just hate happened to be Just hating. Oh my God. Hugh Jackman look so good still to this day. But yeah, I, other than that it like, damn, it's just like a little fun movie that somebody, y'all really Loved this, huh?


Y'all really into This? Yeah. So does the rest of The World he talking about. So, so a whole world. It's made like $500 million this weekend. Exactly. The highest, the highest grossing r-rated movie ever. When's Batman coming back? Crazy. I don't know. Bad. Yeah. Anyway, so I just wanna, I know Morgan had talked about the, the Olympics since she spoke on Simone Bows, but I've been watching this Paris Olympics 2024. And listen, Shane, she forgot to mention that team USA leaves with 12 gold medals. Y'all Okay. I mean 12 medals, only three in gold af just after day two and trailing. This is Italy and then the next is China. They got, Italy got eight and China got seven.


They, they still not on our ass though. I I am, I was Really, you see the girl fall on her face and they get back up during practice and they get back up and kill it. And the gymnastics, It was Simone Biles. No it wasn't Simone Biles. It was another girl. She was on poll. No it wasn't Simone. She Was doing a poll work and she fell on her face during thing and she got back up and then destroyed it after that. Simone, her She was team USA. Yeah, she was team USA. That's what's up. See it was so much going on. You know there is different events going on at one time. So we was switching back and forth from like volleyball and then like the, the swim competition. Just a few of my favorite was the gymnastics women's team com competition. Simone Bow, of course she killed it and she pushed through her minor leg injury.


She showed out. And then I wanna give a shout out to Jordan Charles. She was amazing too. And Sun Lee. And after undergoing kidney related issues, she, she actually came back SUNY and she won Suki all around. No, not Sun. Suki man. Not Suki, suny, I mean Su was with Dr. Mom. USA Suny. She's talking And she actually won the 2020 Tokyo Olympics for all around gymnastics champion. So that, that was pretty good. Oh, and the volleyball. Japan and Poland. I mean we, we of course USA ain't get that, but Japan and Poland, that was a good game. That was a really, really, well they was a good game. So I think it was out of four or five Poland won.


But I was, I was hyped for Japan just because they was smiling, they was happy the whole time. And them polling bitches was looking real like, mm, why you calling bitch don't. Oh, I mean the poll polling girls was like, All they did was go out there and represent for their country why they gotta be Polling. No, you are so right. Are you right? No, but they was giving like off this real like, just crazy y here pool. It's like we're all here for Olympics. Just was Like, I was so happy for them because they were just smiling the whole time and they would Just, yo them Japanese people was like, Hey, hey, hey. Like every You know every time, even when they was losing, they was just like, oh my god. All right Jeff. He was happy to be there. That's right. Okay. Yeah. That's And. I felt like the po the Poland wasn't The Po The polishers the Polish. The Polish people that that's what the matter.


IH just man. Oh man. All right. When we come back, we got front page news with Morgan and then 85 South Show will be joining us. Chico Bean and Carlos Miller. Don't move us. The Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get back in some front page news. Hey Morgan. Hey, hey. So let's talk about what's happening on the other side of the aisle. Vice President Kamala Harris, she is reaching out to the family of Sonya Massey. Now Massey is the black woman who was fatally shot by an Illinois sheriff's deputy earlier this month after she called police to her residence because she heard a prowler outside.


Now on Friday, Massey's father revealed that Harris had reached out to their family and gave her heartfelt condolences. And that Harris agreed Massey's death was a senseless killing. Now Deputy Grayson, I won't say his full name, has been fired and he has been indicted on charges of first degree murder. Now moving on Pennsylvania, governor Josh Shapiro, somebody you like, right? Charmaine? He's rally that's my guy. Luther. Josh, governor Josh Shapiro. Yeah. He's rallying support for Vice President Harris and her presidential bid. Now, hey Shapiro appeared alongside trades union leaders in Philadelphia and praised Harris for her and calling her a fearless leader.


Let's hear more from the Pennsylvania governor. Another friend of mine over the last 20 years, the vice president of the United States. Kamala Harris. Yeah, she's, she's a fearless leader. She has always put people before the power, whether in a courtroom in the hall of power or in the office of the vice president. She has never forgotten the people that got her there. She has never forgotten where she came from. She never forgot her roots. When, when, when that he announcing Governor Josh Shapiro is the vice president. When, yeah, when, when, when did that happen? So I have heard as early as August 7th.


Again, usually these things happen at the DNC which is August 19th. So And I, I'd imagine in between the seventh and the 19th there will probably be a decision made in terms of vice president on the Democratic side. I don't know if it's gonna be Shapiro 'cause Bashir was out there. You know speaking for her too. But yeah, I definitely think he's in the running now. He added that there couldn't be a more clear contrast between Harris and Trump arguing that Trump can't run away from his record any longer of the governor. The governor of the critical swing state is considered of course a possible running mate for Harris. Speaking of being outside, Shapiro was outside You know for Harris. I was outside this weekend in my city. Broccoli City Fest went down in Washington DC Now the two day festival took place on Saturday and Sunday at Audi Field for the first time.


Now side note, I need BC to know that everybody with a camera is not media. They don't need a media credential. But I won't get too into that. I will speak on the positives. I didn't get to talk to too many artists, but I did run into Texas Congresswoman the clap back Queen Jasmine Crockett who spoke exclusive with me about Broccoli City Fest. Let's hear from her. Listen, What's up everybody? We is outside. This is going to be the summer of freedom. As you have heard my vice president say it's all about our freedom. Our freedoms are on the line. So I'm out here. Listen, this is what it's all about. This is a beautiful black experience. We are beautiful and we are great.


And so we are living and walking in our greatness right now. Listen, If, you not here, you should be and If you not here this year. Make sure you get here next year y'all. Peace and love. She was so sweet in person. So she also introduced Megan Thee Stallion as You know They're both from Texas. Megan Thee stallion headline the first night of the festival. Here's what she said in part to the crowd. Jasmine Crockett spoke to the crowd. Here's what she said. You got one black job in November. Get one black job in November to make sure you show up Vote. So If, you have any questions about where you gonna If you to vote and all that good stuff, make sure you visit i will vote com.


Say with me, I'll vote com. Yeah, I love that she had the crowd riled up. I will vote.com. So Lil Yachty Was the crowd enthused about voting Morgan Y. They seemed like it and it was a young and it was, first of all, the crowd was vast. It was a lot of people there and it was a young crowd and they they, she had them rallied. So dope You know I will see. But Loie, Bryson Tiller Skill Aaba Party next door. They all performed on Saturday and on Sunday, sexy red, Kate Triada, Victoria, Monet and others took the stage with gunna headlining with surprise guests. Offset. He brought Offset out. That's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, make sure you catch me on socials at Morgan Media. M-O-R-G-Y-N-M-E-D-I-A.


And for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network and BIN news.com. Happy Monday y'all. Thanks Morgan All. Thank y'all. All right, now when we come back, the brothers from the 85 South Show will be joining us Chico Bean and Carlos Miller's. So don't go anywhere. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. You got some special guests in the building? Yes sir. We got the 85 South Show. Welcome. Chico Bean, Carlos Smith. How Y'all feeling? Yeah, what's up? We good? Good morning. Good morning. Good morning DJ Envy. Happy Monday morning to you You know I got A random question as a fan of 85 South Show right? Well y'all got guests on.


Do you consider those interviews or do y'all just feel like it's a kickback Or just conversations? We don't really do too many interview type type situations. Yeah, I mean You know, of course we like to bring people on that we fans of You know. But we don't really just sit there and try to keep up with the topics of the week or the drama or nothing like that. We just like You know have some nice company around should kick it so they can kick it with us. But they open up on that couch though. They get comfortable. Couch Magic. Yeah, that's the point. That's the point. You know giving people an environment that is different than what they used to. You know artists are constantly doing interviews that You know. They send they PR team in with questions you can ask and things you can't say You know what I mean? We don't really have that type of dynamic so people get to come in and really You know and we ask a different line of questioning too.


'cause we are interested in different things when we sit down with these people, You know. 'cause a lot of 'em we are fans of. So we are not asking questions based on the perspective of a interview or we really coming from a fan perspective just with a structured way that we talk to people. So I think that it allow, allows people to feel more comfortable when they having a conversation with somebody that they feel like You know you sitting on the porch or you at the barbershop with You. know what I Mean? And you can tell these fans of y'all because they gotta drive all the way to y'all studio. That's about two hours outside of Atlanta. No it's not. Why you here lying y man, why you trying man we got here man. We just not an hour. How long? Everywhere is an hour away in Atlanta. What you mean in Atlanta? Yes, with the Track. Everybody say 30 minutes but it's It's at least 45 come Everywhere is an hour away.


All I'm saying is they got really they with y'all that to come out to. I tell you who don't you? You ain't never been. I've been There. Yes I have. You ain't never sat down with us though. You just sat down and did an interview. Y Ain't never invite me but I been to the studio. What you mean we ain't never invite you? We invited you and Envy. I know why Envy couldn't come but you ain't got no excuse. Yeah we knew Envy come. Why didn't come come because he don't hang out with with people like us. He don't even hang out with you. I seen one picture y'all like outside of work like they are really not partners and they keep this relationship real. You gotta watch it. Y'all don't get to see it. We be in the back room. These s don't even talk to each other when the camera's off they just sit there and just look straight. I'm like man that is true.


It's like we've been together for 14 years, been together. I'm glad you finally doing it. Y'all have been together together. Y'all definitely been together. Y'all gotta Talk to That's Actually, I bet y'all periods to synced up and everything. They Ain't friends with their sleep in a bunk bed together. I'm get that. Partners is the one you ain't got to make conversation with. You can just sit around in silence and it'd be cool. All Right. Whatever man. But we know what each other thinking like we, we laugh at the same joke. We, we Always that's that's work. Yeah that's work related. And You know we really neighbors for real the same neighborhood like see each other family at who Lived there first. It was Actually the same, the same Time. Yeah I moved did if he get you the house don't he really did it.


That's a good question. No. Oh all right And O All I'm just making sure come up here story. Nah, I ain't starting nothing there. It was him. Charlamagne. I know you getting money now because you, because You know you look good You know what I mean? You're taking care of yourself. You're starting to look like a cane corso in the face. I saw a picture of Jeff, I saw a picture of Charlamagne. I was like man he look like a can Corso man. You see He ain't smiling no more smiling no more. He do look like, look at his face. He looked like a can corso. I was like boy boy you better not run up in Charlemagne crib. He gonna bite you. You stupid. He got his paper bro. You remember when it used to be camouflage? Yeah, exactly. Yeah.


He got all them old pictures deleted up there looked like a can corso bad man. Now call he got all The old pictures deleted. He got all his Old pictures deleted. Man saying somebody like a look like a can Corso is terrible. I'm telling you man. Hey put the pictures up side by side. Now did y'all hear a soldier boy called B Simone A Charlemagne face? What? That's her saying B Simone was handsome. That was just his way of saying it. No, no They got into An argument. He said Charm. I said that's the most He was saying she baldheaded. So he said Michael Jordan face Charmagne the God face Act Told right now you can't be talking about my little brother be Simone. That's my little brother. She always been my little brother. I understand you're outrage but razor up off my little brother man.


You know one thing I like about y'all. Y'all don't gotta do nothing that y'all don't want to do. Absolutely. So If you see Carlos Chico or DC doing something, it's 'cause they want to do it. So Los, why are you doing College Hill? Why am I doing College Hill? There's gotta be a reason behind it just For a little razzle dazzle. Okay. Just to Shake it up a little bit. Sometimes I just wake up And I just be doing. Hmm. It is to take advantage of this whole entertainment situation bro. Ain't no telling what you might see me on. You wake up, you gonna see me on one of them survival type shows. Like what? Where he get voted off the island. Oh yeah. Survival ain't no telling. Yeah. Yeah. I get all kinda calls through my phone bro. Sometimes I say, I say no most of the time, but I'm gonna start saying yeah to some of this and you See degree. Right. Did you see the fight on college too?


Which fight? You Know you wasn't there, but did you see the fight with Jocelyn and Amber Rose? Yeah. Is that a concern that you might have to fight somebody on there? Because it seems like no, Absolutely not. I'm a great fighter. That's why don't nobody ever trap me. You think they just let me walk around saying whatever I want to say. Yo, I seen that. You think nobody ever questioned it. I'm a great fighter there. I Seen the clip with you Nick Young and Saucy Santana. How was it trying to keep them from fighting? Well, You know Saucy Santana is is a whole handful back fire. Correct. He got a lot going. It's like a whole production when, when he's involved, shout out to my partners, be cool as hell man. He's definitely not the person that I thought he was going into the show. But then after being around him and then you kinda, you kinda get to know these people you like.


Okay. It is a method to your madness. So he, he's great. He's got a great marketing plot and all that. Somebody gonna play with Saucy and get their ass Beat and that's what's gonna be hilarious. That's what's gonna be hilarious. 'cause they only get to see like, that sound crazy the way you gonna play with s and get their ass beat on purpose. See how you see how that conversation on tr off to something else. But sausage gonna end up whooping the hell outta somebody. I could tell they Looked like they wanted to jump you when you, when you said homelessness wasn't your problem. It's still not my problem. I Understood what you were saying. It's not I got it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't, I don't understand why that was so controversial. And then you see now they passing all these laws, they want to kick the homeless people up the street, criminal them.


They, you can go to jail. They, they criminalizing it. So it's like, man, what you Say about homeless People? I they, the the professor said that homelessness was, was a problem of everyone. And I was like, I just don't feel like that. I don't think that that's my problem because the powers there be and the people who make the real decisions, they can eradicate that in less than 24 hours if they want to. That's a fact. So I don't feel like I had they to try to play on your sympathy and your, your good morals and all that to try to make you feel guilty about somebody else's situation. I mean it's terrible but I don't feel like it's a problem that's individual amongst the citizens. How could Carlos Miller or any of us as individuals correct the homelessness problem in America? That's America's job. Don't be homeless or, or let 'em come live with you.


We should all adopt one homeless person. I don't know. But not Only that, you, you, you think about all the billions of dollars they sent overseas. Right? Right. I mean they could miss one payment and eradicate homeless for real. I mean this, the New York City used to be a problem. You used to see homeless people everywhere. Now you don't see it. No, that Ain't true. Neils number one place of homelessness in In America. But I'm saying it's not like it used to be to have to step over people. Now you can go blocks without seeing a homeless person in you still do You know? I mean depending on what block you on You know what I'm saying? If it ain't a homeless person, you definitely stepping over a rat. I don't know why they wait until 2026 to put the trash cans in. That's backwards. Like why? Yeah, we gonna fix the rat problem in two years. We gonna let 'em run it up for two more years, then we gonna get the trash cans in.


So this is a u unique city. I love New York City, but like we were just talking on the way over here about how The World is ran from this island from right here. You know this is where The World is ran from. All the decisions that are made here in New York City affect The World. So really you believe that? Yes. Without question. Without question. Like you think about all of the businesses and all of the, everything is centralized right here. You know, even If, you look at media, you look at what you guys have done. You guys have shaped the culture from right here in this city. Yeah. And I think it's just the essence of this city that makes it You know so grandiose in regards to You. know the power that is You know the power structure that New York has. You know I'm from Washington DC I'm from the nation's capital, but it's more You know decisions made in New York City than it even is in, in Washington DC If.


you ask me. That makes sense. Alright, we got more with the 85 South show when we come back. Don't move. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess, hilarious Charlamagne de guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking in with the 85 South show. So are you guys into politics at all? Nah, not really, man. Nah, You know what, that's the thing that I learned about being on that show, bro. You ask a black man his opinion and it don't necessarily line up what everybody else's. They gonna try to make you look crazy. Yeah. And I, like I said, I'm from the home of politics. I'm from Washington DC so I have a different vantage point into it. Like I know that a lot of the things that You know people want done You know what I'm saying? From wherever you from you're sending them to my city to get it done. And I've seen them walk past us in the conditions that you want fixed in your community.


So I see that it's not a care and unfortunately for black people when it comes to politics, we are the only ones that are expected to share. You know we the only ones when it comes to getting something done for us, it's like, well we gotta be the president for the whole country and we gotta do this and we gotta do that to make sure that everybody's okay. Like it is. It's so hard for us to get litigation and things passed that just benefits us. I don't think that You know we, we really are at a disadvantage when it comes to political You know the political structure in America. So it's hard to identify as a black man with That's what triggered me too. What's that? I not just sitting here listening to you say that like, as a black man, you can't sit here and try to blame that on me. Like America's problem. I ain't do nothing. I ain't do nothing with that.


I ain't got nothing to do with me. Yeah, it is, it is difficult to find a You know. 'cause You know as black people, we've been in a committed relationship with the Democratic party for, for years. And I think that a lot of people don't understand locally. That's what creates that, that connection. It's our local government is what's gonna affect your life day to day. It's not gonna be the president, it's not gonna be You know the, the senators and all of that. They make the big decisions. But the day-to-Day, things that go into your community, that's what's gonna shape the way that you live. You know what I'm saying? Like For somebody like Charlemagne, who


With public dot com's high yield cash account, you can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees, subscriptions, minimums, or maximums, just 5.1% interest on your cash. That means you can grow your cash with 5.1% interest with no strings attached. It's as simple as that. Again, that's 5.1% interest with no fees. 5.1% interest with no subscription. 5.1% interest with no minimums or maximums. 5.1% interest with up to 5 million FDIC insurance, just 5.1% interest. Straight up, no strings attached. Sign up today@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing Inc. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


The Paris Olympics are here tonight in men's gymnastics. US all around Champ Brody Malone continues his amazing comeback as he leads team USA against the world's best. Unbelievable. He is Back. Plus history will be made in the pool as a strong US swimming team takes on. Rivals Australia and the best of The World in pursuit of gold. Experience the Olympics as you've never seen them before. Primetime in Paris tonight. Eight seven Central on NBC in Peacock.


Mitre is investing in a massive AI supercomputer to power a new federal AI sandbox with AI's potential to drive transformational advances across industries. MIT's expertise in healthcare, cybersecurity, transportation, finance, climate, and national security will be critical. Transform your career while helping solve problems for a safer world. Visit mitre.org/careers. That's MI TR e.org/careers.


Our kids have said to us, since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot of doors for us. Just this overall sense of community that values that You know Minnesotans have. It's a real accepting and loving community, especially with two young kids. See what makes Minnesota the star of the north new residents share why they love calling it home. At explore minnesota.com/live.


Cyber Monday is a great time to save money, but why wait until December? Get custom window treatments now@blind.com. Sizzling cyber summer sale blinds.com invented the better way to shop for premium window treatments. 100% online. That's way better than being stuck at home with a pushy salesperson. Blind. Sot com makes upgrading your window coverings. A minor project with a major impact. Our design experts offer free virtual consultations and send samples to you fast and free. Choose from a variety of premium blinds and shades plus outdoor shades to make your next backyard gathering Super cool. Even when you buy multiple window treatments. blinds.com can handle the measuring and installation for you at one low cost with no hidden fees. You'll also get upfront pricing and everything is backed by blind dot com's. 100% satisfaction guarantee. Shop the blind stock com cyber summer sale now save up to 40% Sitewide plus premium door busters up to 40% Sitewide for a limited time@blind.com. Rules and restrictions may apply


Heavily involved in politics. I got a question for you. Like what do you think the plan should be in this coming election for us to get something done for us? I think that you should, well I'm gonna tell you what I'm voting for. I'm voting to protect the democracy You know me personally. Believe that I am, I'm voting to, I'm voting to preserve democracy. But I mean I do. I had, I'm not gonna say I had no intentions of voting 'cause I was gonna vote in November. I just wasn't gonna tell nobody who I was voting for. And I'm still not telling nobody Turn to a white man. I'm still not telling nobody to vote for You know. I'm just telling people, vote for their issues. Find, find, look at both candidates, look at the issues that you like, the agenda that they got and, and, and cast your vote based on the Issue. I mean, but that's the thing.


Like what are, what issues are specifically directed towards black people in America? What? Oh, I don't think, yeah, I don't think there's anything specifically directed towards black people in America. And it should be. Yeah, but there's, there's things that one of the candidates is doing. Kamala Harris, I believe that You know could impact us. You know when you talk about the, the black maternal decorating in this country, You know she's, she's a leader on that. She's a leader on mental health advocacy. She's a leader for HBCUs, leader for small businesses. HBCUs. Like those are things that I know directly impact us. Entrepreneurship, economic empowerment. Yeah. But these are issues that have been on the board for years and for us to still have these same issues let You know that none of this stuff has been rectified. So at what point do we start to see the results other than the promises?


You know that's the thing. We get promised a whole bunch of stuff during the election cycle. Every four years is like the same movie. Come on. You get all these different promises, all these different, we're gonna do this. We're gonna, yeah, we're gonna do this, we gonna do that, we gonna do this. And then for the next four years it's just hurry up and wait You. know what I'm saying? So I think that you said it so I don't gotta catch the backlash. What did y'all think When Trump got shot in The air? He didn't get shot. I Damn He didn't get shot. Talk to me. Stop saying that You know he didn't get shot. Why you don't think he got shot? You He don't get shot and be outside talking the same day. He not 50. Yeah, he didn't get shot. He did not. He said it was a glass, he didn't Get shot. It was a glass that either way, I mean coming from somebody who done been shot at, there ain't no such, ain't no difference.


You know what I mean? Ain't no difference. I don't know what y'all talking about You know what I mean? All that. He ain't get, I, I don't know about y'all, but I ain't never seen no bullet be like, wait, hold up. Wait a minute. That one ain't mine. Yeah, go ahead. Nah, it don't, it don't work like that. But I will say this about that situation though, in my opinion, like I said, with my understanding of politics, that was the first time that he ever looked presidential to me. Really? Yeah. Okay. And because to me it was impossible to see him as presidential 'cause he'd been a celebrity our whole life. I watched his home alone like this is, he was always, he's the apprentice. So you saw a celebrity. But that was the first time that I think in his You know political career that he actually looked presidential. It's kind of like what happened with Ronald Reagan.


'cause I think The World that we live in now, the The World that we're adults in is because of Ronald Reagan. And if Trump wins this next election, The World that our children will live in will be because of Donald Trump. Trump Absolutely You know what you, you what you just said is maybe think of something you don't, that doesn't show you the importance of this election coming up though. And you see one president get an assassination attempt and then one the other candidate say, You know what? I'm gonna step out because it is so serious. I don't even wanna give us a chance. No, I don't think That's the reason. Want give us a better chance win. I don't think that's the reason why he stepped out out. Nah, he, Joe. Joe Biden was mumble rapping. Joe Biden was, I'm talking about you asked him a question, he was like, yeah, we're gonna begin in and it's like, that's lifestyle. I heard that already Joe. You not, you not going to get me with that one.


That's thug right there. So I think there should be an age limit though. Absolutely. They should be. That should definitely be a age limit. Because like Los, me and Los was talking the other day and he was like, man, there's always gonna be a bunch of old white men. So when are we gonna stop letting them be the ones that make the the conscious decisions. Kamala Harris You. know what I mean? Yeah. I mean that's Come on. That's a little different. It's very different. Yes. I'm just telling you remember she gave us a Shout up awards. Yeah, she definitely came when we did the BET awards, she came and talked to us. So they, there is a level of connection that that is there that we can You know utilize as black people from just the optics. Because black women carry so much of the burden when it comes to our community. That's right. For various reasons.


You know what I mean? You know a lot of factors play into that. But the black woman is is very, very pivotal in our community. So I think that You know, having that connection and being able to galvanize black women. If black women are with it, then You know everybody gonna be with it. Man. Think about your daughter. Right. Chico. Think about the confidence you already instilling in her as a woman. But then she got people she can look to like that. Imagine what that do for they confidence. Oh yeah. Well she already got all her confidence. Yeah. I don't know where You know she she, she different. So that's why I Thought with you, I thought Confidence you she all the way different. But I mean that is You know Optic wise. That's something that I never thought, I never thought we would see Obama in our lifetime. So to see a black woman would be amazing.


But You know. I would just hope that You know the understanding. You know. 'cause you look at the record and You know what, what people criticize her on in regards to what her time was as a prosecutor and everything You know. But I think people need to understand that everybody got a job to do so. If that was her job, she was doing her job. And if she locked a lot of people up, that means she did her job well. So now it's time to You know rectify that And I think that's something that she should speak to, to kind of make black men who might have a issue with the fact that that's her record. Make us feel a little bit better about the fact that that's not necessarily what she was doing because that was her sentiment, but she was doing her job and now that she could potentially be the president, she's gonna do a job that is gonna be more beneficial to those same people that she might have You know, been a detriment to back in the day, all We got more with the 85 South show when we come back, don't move.


It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's EJ Envy. Justis Charlamagne. The guy We are The Breakfast Club. Still kicking it with Chico Bean and Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. Charlamagne Chico. You how much you had lost in Vegas when your daughter made you do the walk. Shame Man. Come on slim man. I don't wanna talk about that. Talking about we kept why you keep trying to put me we to go from politics straight to that. You trying to get the I rest in my business man too much. Man. I have a limit to where You know my own money. But the messed up part was I lost all my winnings. No, that's the thing, that's the thing about gambling man. Gambling. I say gambling don't get the respect they deserve in the hierarchy of addiction. Because you sit there and You know that if all they take is one of these to hit, not be right back up.


And then next thing You know, you dig in your pocket to get some more money out and you got a coupon and that's it. It seem like nobody hit though. Like I seen, I think Drake hit for like some crazy 8 million the other day and I'm like, that just don't happen. I mean, yeah, I don't know nothing about that. Ain't no way in The World I ever gamble that much money. I don't care how much money I have, but just the feeling of losing was was so terrible. And my daughter really You know her perspective was You know we gonna make it fun. But the reality de been gambling again. Huh? I was just saying If, you was gonna tell The World you've been gambling again. Why you snitching give this long? Why you I didn't say nothing about being changed. Yes, I went back. You the gambling, you went back.


I definitely went back. And I won this time. That's why I ain't saying nothing damn low. He just Said, he just said people downplayed it as an addiction. It's an addiction. Yeah, it's an addiction. And I have an affliction You. know what I mean? What's up? You not gonna do this on The Breakfast Club? Not when I'm here. Yeah. I had but I won this time and like I said, I got a limit. I don't You know. I was like big meats. You don't never bring it all with you. But You know. I I'm, I'm, I'm I'm not as bad as I was that day. That day I was sick. What about the Covenant House, Lowe's? How did that change you? You visited the Covenant House bro. I didn't, I never been around like homeless teenagers, man, like You know. When you think homeless, you think of like adults who like had a whole life and like went through something and like fell on hard time. But then you go and you see like teenage mothers and fathers and then you got like high school students who still getting up every day going to high school, which could totally be a struggle 'cause kids are crew.


Yeah. Yeah. And you got future comedians in there roasting everybody, not knowing what people's situation is. So it like that just hit me in a different way to be like, it's not just grown people bro. There's kids involved, it's people still trying to have a life. So I had to make sure that I went down there off camera and kicked it and talked to them people and sent some, some gifts and some some resources and just try to use my platform to try to amplify that part. What, what's up with Channel 85? What you mean She need to take a nap? You sleepy. I can see it. She pregnant. Look at question. There you go. But nah, You know. Channel 85 is, is You know our attempt in You know making sure that we are in control of as much as we can be in control of the content that we put out on there is the way we want it to be.


Without having to be You know under the, the rules and guidelines of people who might disagree with what we want our narrative to be. So having that control is important. And also being able to be in charge of what You know you put out. And having the, the understanding of how deep that goes When it comes to the visual aspects, when it comes to what you're talking about, the content wise, all of that is stuff that somebody else is going to dictate and determine when you are using that platform. So for us to have that ability, we're one putting out what we wanna put out, but also learning the game from that perspective to be able to You know, have people who have like minds be able to come in and put their content out on our platform as well. So You know you'll have a lot more opportunity to make more money.


Especially when you've been doing it for You know we've been in this game now, we've been on tv what, 10 years now? Almost 11 years. Yeah. Yeah. So You know and Wild and Out. Great Premier You know. Yeah. Wild and Out Premier You. know what I mean? Another season is G Permit. So You know we have been blessed to be in the game, but it's all always progression that can be made. And a lot of the times you miss that progression by being stuck in your old ways. You. know what I'm saying? So You know, just open your mind up and you'll see the value in all of this stuff that these You know new entertainers are doing out here. Because we see what The picture y'all got for Y'all. The dumbest pitch. The Dumbest pitch. Somebody came to y'all and said this, we want you to do this movie of this show. For me it was that reality show. I was like, man, y'all got You.


know who I am. You want me to go on there and try to find a girl? Told, I tried to talk him in the, he tried to talk me in. The daughter tried. You could have went on there. And he tried to talk me in the door that I couldn't do it. Man really been entertaining. He cannot be phoned. I can't do it. It's impossible man. I get in trouble for that now. Be mad at me 'cause I don't wanna participate in they boy. It's crazy. Like I just don't understand that how you could be a real everywhere but in your house. That don't make no sense to me. Dang You. know what I mean? You a real everywhere. You And I play with you better. I disrespect you better not say nothing crazy to you, but as soon as you walk in that door and that woman ask you where you was at. Huh? Huh? What you mean? What you And? I. I just You know I can't operate like that man with that.


Because You telling the Truth. Yeah. I can't operate like that because I You know. It just don't make no sense to me. I can't say You know drink. I can't make you like me based on what your fantasy is about a man If. you looking for your fantasy man, go find him. But this is what it is with me. And once they came to me, so with that I was like, nah, it is what it is because oh, it ain't, it is what it is. It is. It's harsh. It's not harsh. But you, You like the fantasy loss. You like, yeah, I Come home and be myself every day. Where were you babe? Babe? I was traveling on the western hemisphere. I was chased down by a tyrannosaurus And. I made my way home to love you. That's all good until you get into that argument.


Oh you dinosaur chasing ass. Oh, chase dinosaurs. Think that now you mad. Nah, nah. You can have that slim. I don't want no positive me. All that reality all the time. Lie to me Sometimes. Lie to me. I'm talking about gimme some good healthy lives, Ladies and gentlemen. College Miller 85. No stop. Y'all ain't got this this Monday. Y'all ain't got nothing to do, man. Make sure you watch College Hill. Yeah, that's right. Make sure you watch 85 South Show. Make sure you come to all the lab shows. Subscribe To the channel 85. Channel 85. 85. We all got You. know the the tour we doing. We got individual shows we got coming up, man. Y'all should, should, should come support man.


Just show love man. Salute to our brother. DC You know what I man. Oh, happy birthday to Prince. Happy birthday to to prince. That's why Prince's birthday, You know Prince birthday. That's why he not here man. He's being a an amazing father man. Absolutely. So You know salute to our brother man and You know. Thank y'all for having us as always. Let appreciate y'all man. Appreciate Y'all partnership, business and personal man. That's right. All the way. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to Jess with the mess. Your music is real. Just Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't she don't spell nobody. Nobody Worldwide. Worldwide.


On The. Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She Was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. So It's time to set it door. Okay, so Friday's opening ceremony for the 2024 Paris Olympics that it included drag queens recreating the image of Jesus Last Supper by Leonardo da Vinci. The sketch included drag queens, a transgender model, a naked singer made up as the Greek God of wine. Ionis or Dionysus. People are also criticizing them for including a child in the display. Yep. There was a kid there. Many people shared how upset they were not only of course USA but other countries as well.


Some people argue that the Olympics made it very clear that Christian viewers are not welcome. Some accused the Olympics of sexualizing a family centered sporting event. On the other hand, some people claim that Christians have selective outrage saying that they let other depictions of The Last Supper pass and that they're only upset because this version used drag queens. Some argued that The Last Supper is just a painting and isn't actually biblical. During a press conference, organizers issued an apology. The apology comes from spokesperson and desk camps speaking. There was never an intention to, to show disrespect to any religious group.


On the contrary, I think that imagine really try to really intend to, to celebrate community tolerance. That was his word yesterday. And looking at the result of the post that we shared, we believe that this ambition was, was achieved. If people have taken any offense, we are of course really, really sorry. Mm. Yeah. The artistic director Thomas Jolly said, our idea was inclusion. We never wanted it to want it to be submersive subversive. Right. We wanted to talk about diversity. Now did I see a picture? I thought I seen it online. 'cause I I didn't see the, the the opening. I seen the video after.


But was there a man with his testicles hanging out his his pants too? Was that part of the show too? That was the guy sitting on the table with the big blue guy. It, it seemed, I don't know if those were his real testicles or something, but like, it was like, maybe, what The hell are y'all talking about? A costume opening? Yes. The opening Friday night They were opening and the guy at his testicles out. It was the weirdest thing ever. But kids were watching the Olympics. I was like, yeah, Kids. And it was actually a kid right behind him. Jesus, that they actually put in the reaction to it was garbage to me. It was crazy. I felt like what? This is your idea of diversity. But just a couple reactions of people. Of course Ryan Garcia has spoke about it. He said f the woke culture, it's War Now.


Gay people and lesbians If, you have that in you. I I can find forgiveness and love. But this ish, the community is doing to the kids I don't f with at all. The LGBT? No, the LGBQ. He missed a couple letters. Well actually a lot of letters. A community is a cult. He reacted saying that 'cause he just didn't like how a kid was there. And how, look at you. This is a family sporting whole thing. And that's how they opened up. And then Lord Duvall is, is funny, but I'm with Lord Duvall as well. I don't know why y'all let that Olympic Last Supper photo trigger y'all. That's exactly what they want. I just showed 'em the picture too, Jess, by The way, I'm gonna be honest with you.


I never saw that picture. I didn't even hear about any of this. This is my first time hearing about it. That's why Jess, the message. You're lying. I promise. You're, you're, you're totally lying. I love how you love to climb under a rock. I did not see this. I did not see this nowhere. You didn't hear Anything about this. Not a damn thing about it. Not a little bit. Well, now That you see it, what do you think after seeing that picture? First Of all, I don't even know this. Don't, I don't know what this don't look like. The, Last Supper to me, I would've never thought. Last Supper And number one, why is his testicle out? Why is it just whole ball out on NBC Out there? NBC? How you just let a whole ball out? I don't know. Y'all Janet Jackson got a whole fine 50 years ago for having a nipple out. Excuse me. And now you just got a whole testicle on television and nobody said anything about it. Yeah, it is this big nigga sitting on the table with Oh no, Not that one.


Jess. You gotta look to the left a little bit. Oh, More than one testicle out. Yeah. Look to the, you gotta look to the left a little bit. The guy wearing a black, he's wearing black. Let's go to the left. Like fall over. That was gonna be my next question. Who spotted the guy? Oh my God. To the left. To the left. To the left. Yeah. His, his whole, That poor baby Lord Jesus. And this was supposed to be The Last Supper. Like Yeah, that's what it's supposed to be. Lord Deval, like I said, he said evil feeds off negativity. That's how they grow. You will never beat them by playing that game. The best antidote for it is to not react. Not React. I saw that tweet from Duo. I didn't know what he was talking about though. I just thought he was talking in general. Yep. It takes away all their power if we just like simply just ignore it. I Say this, that's not true. This is NBC. We watching television If you watching it with your child.


I do not wanna see people's testicles. Me neither. Yes. And you out and about going to react like that. It doesn't make sense. Doesn't They took it down though, right? Then the Olympics took it down online Then. Oh yeah, they took it down. It's like you can, you can only find like, like six second snippets of it. Like the whole video. Like it was a bunch of videos up there, but they got that stuff snatched down so that Don't look like The Last Supper either. That looks like the last gay orgy But minus the kid. Because I'm like, yo, why would they just throw a kid that was a kid in that too? Yes. Yes. It was a kid at the table. Yo. Yes. Y'all got better eyes than me because I ain't see none of this crazy. Yep. Yep. Now we got better eyes. Oh, okay.


He tro it all the way. That's crazy. But I'm trying to find my other story. Okay, so in better news, yo Suki and Dr. Umar, they, they was, they was singing out in my, at Miami Garden. She Suki had went to hear Dr. Omar speak and they, they have a picture that's circulating around and a video that was circulating Suki looked real nice and they look like a real nice little married couple. You didn't see that even show me? I did see that. I saw a picture. Oh, okay. Yeah, in the video you seen that NVI did see it. Assume it was All dressed up in white. I did see it and it was real touchy feely in the video and everything.


Dr. Omar's not married. I thought he was married. Maybe not. I didn't think he Was married. I saw that picture. I didn't know if it was old or not. 'cause I seen him together before. No, no, no, no, no. Nah. That was this week. That was this weekend over the weekend. And he was in Miami Gardens. He was doing, doing an event there. And she had came to pull up on him. I thought that was real cute. Ben Affleck strengthens, strengthens. I think this is so crazy. Ben Affleck strengthens div divorce rumors. I I just hate headlines like that. So all because he bought like a new house, a new multimillion dollar estate in LA by himself. This is supposed to fuel the divorce rumors. I mean, we knew he moved out. It's not really what what, what else was he going to live on the streets?


Like he had to move somewhere. The news make fans believe that their divorce is now inevitable. Ben allegedly got all his belongings out of Beverly Hills home that they shared while J-Lo was in Europe. So let's just say that he closed on his new mansion for 20.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more. In fact, at public dot com's high yield cash account, you could be earning an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees or balance requirements. And you can access your cash whenever you want. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance. In other words, you can earn 5.1% a PY with the flexibility and security you deserve. It's time to take your cash out of a traditional savings account. It's time to take advantage of one of the industry's best interest rates. There are no fees, period. And you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance start earning 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing Inc. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


The Paris Olympics are here tonight in men's gymnastics. US all around Champ Brody Malone continues his amazing comeback as he leads team USA against the world's best. Unbelievable. He Is Back. Plus history will be made in the pool as a strong US swimming team takes on Rivals Australia and the best of The World in pursuit of gold. Experience the Olympics as you've never seen them before. Primetime in Paris tonight. Eight seven Central on NBC in Peacock.


Mitre is investing in a massive AI supercomputer to power a new federal AI sandbox with AI's potential to drive transformational advances across industries. MIT's expertise in healthcare, cybersecurity, transportation, finance, climate and national security will be critical. Transform your career while helping solve problems for a safer world. Visit mitre.org/careers. That's MITR e.org/careers.


Our kids have said to us, since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving To Minnesota opened up a lot of doors for us. Just this overall sense of community. The the values that You know Minnesotans have. It's a real accepting a loving community. Especially with two young kids. See what makes Minnesota the star of the north new residents share why they love calling it home@exploreminnesota.com slash live.


Rain or shine every day is a great day for fishing, right? You got rain gear but you can't overlook sunny day gear. A Columbia PFG Solar stream elite hoodie has you covered on the sunniest days. Like literally. I mean who wouldn't trade a sunburn for a trophy fish? But why do it? If? you don't have to. Especially when this solar stream elite hoodie is built with broad spectrum UV protection. We're talking UPF 50 and it has air flow so you don't overheat. And what's the alternative? Putting down the rod every half hour so you can slather on some sunscreen. Seems like an easy choice to be. Columbia PFG has you covered with their cast back TC shoe. It's omnimax cushioning and traction system helps if you're on your feet a lot say fighting a fish. Not to mention keeping you surefooted on a wet rocking boat. So if you're gonna be spending long days out on the water, And I sincerely hope that you will be head over to columbia.com/pfg and shop all their performance fishing gear


0.5 million. I thought it that was one of the problems that he was having in the merge. Like, no, we bought this big house, it was too expensive. And then you go buy 20.5 million house with five bedrooms, six baths with breakfast and dining areas, a separate family room den walk-in closet, media room, powder room, guest house and more. So Jayla was still looking for a house of her own. They both still wear the wedding rings from time to time. 'cause sometimes he has his on, sometimes he does not. But people now think that it's just the way to silence the rumors. Hmm. So that's crazy.


That's it. Thank You. That's just with the best. Thank you Jess. All right. Charlemagne You. know stop. Why? Why a homeboy just Texas? I dunno man. Freaky asking One of, one of our friends just, I guess he's listening and said, send me to pick. There's no reason for him to to get that pick. But I sent it to him anyway with the circling of the testicles. Anyway. Alright. You a donkey today. We give you a donkey Too, man. We need a young man named Kenneth Sellner to come to the front of the congregation. He is 21 years old. And this is why parents, we have to monitor our children even when they You know are a certain age even when they are adults because you just never know when they could be horsing around. Alright? Discuss. And then after that, Congresswoman Jasmine Crockett will be joining us.


All right? So don't go anywhere Donkey days. Up next, it's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning, You are chicken out. The Breakfast Club. Better be a as Charlamagne some donkey days just sell themselves. Having watching. Char Man's ready for donkey. I never heard on donkey other day. What is it? Donkey. Say it again y'all. I'm a donkey. Yes, you're a donkey. Donkey. Everything. And Charlamagne's saying is true. All donkey today for Monday, July 29th. Hello. Back to the work week. How y'all feeling out there now? It's going to a 21-year-old man named Kenneth Sellner. Okay. Kenneth has been arrested for committing sexual acts on a horse.


Hmm. Okay. Not just any horse. He had sex with his mother's horse. Yes. He's from Phoenix. And a woman called authorities after reportedly catching her son, identified as Kenneth s Sellner committing sexual acts with her horse while she was away on vacation. I believe it was comedian David Atel. He said the one good thing about having sex with a horse is you always have a ride home. Okay? Trust me, these jokes write themselves. All right. So a 21-year-old man named Kenneth Snar comes into a bar. Ah, shoot. I already messed it up. Let me start over. So a 21-year-old man named Kenneth Snar comes into a horse. Okay? I want the record to show that Kenneth S's mom is not a snitch. All right?


There's a lot of people she could have called on her son after catching him having sex with the family horse. And the police is probably at the bottom of the list. I would've called the men in the white coats. Okay? He need to be 51 50. And I'm not talking about Cory Holcomb's show, all right? She probably was already suspicious. That's why she set the cameras up. Okay? Because lemme tell you, lemme tell you, I ain't even tell y'all what happened. Seller's mom said that she had asked her son to clean the horse stall while she wasn't there. But that's when they checked the security cameras. She noticed that Kenneth was touching the horse's genitals and rubbing the horse's genitals on his bare body. Oh Listen man, okay.


She probably was already suspicious. That's why she set the cameras up. She probably was washing clothes and found pieces of hay in his underwear, okay? Pieces of pieces of horse man on his clothes. And she probably told her, told his, told her son You know, stop horsing around. All right? And he didn't listen. Okay? Imagine he trying to set the mood. He turns on genuine pony. Alright? Tell them, tell them take your horseshoe off. Get comfortable. Okay? There's a quote that I've heard that I could never understand and the quote is, there is something about the outside of a horse that is good for the inside of a man. Has anybody ever heard that quote? No. That is an actual quote. There is something about the outside of a horse that is good for the inside of a man.


I don't know what that means, but there was something about the outside of this horse that made this man wanna be inside of it. Now, for the record, he didn't have sex with the horse, I just told y'all that. But his job was to clean the stalls and he would go in there to clean the stalls. And I told you the security camera caught him touching the horse's genitals and rubbing the horse's genitals on his bare body. Okay? On, on, on You know it's just, it's nasty. Now let's talk about this for a second. Y'all. This 21-year-old man ain't never seen a horse penis. Okay? Now a horse penis to some can be considered a thing of beauty. Most horse penises get to be about two feet long. When they not a wreck, when you just driving by and they just out there minding they business, they just out there swinging. When they get a wreck, they can get about three or four times bigger.


So we talking about a penises that are damn near eight feet long. That 21-year-old got, got the plan with all that horse meat and was like, man, this is better than Call of Duty. Okay? I've been playing with the wrong joysticks. Now he's since been released with no bond under the supervision of pretrial services. He must be supervised by an officer and he must wear an ankle monitor. And they asked Kenneth why he did what he did to the horse. He replied because he wanted to be in a stable relationship. What I, That really happened. I'm not making this up. Shut up. Shut Up. I He didn't Say that. You don't gotta believe me.


He didn't say that. Well, please give Kenneth Sellner the biggest hee-haw. That's why I don't even be liking to talk to y'all. They gotta be in here making up stuff. I ain't make That up. You gonna play a game? Play a game of what? Guess what race it is. Let me look at him first. You look a little miscellaneous in the face. Yeah, but What? Miscellaneous, not miscellaneous. Miscellaneous. What kind of word is Mishel? We can play a game. Let's play a game of, guess what racist is. Alright, this be easy one. Alright, Arizona mother calls deputies to report son's alleged bestiality on a horse. DJ Envy. Guess what? Racist whites just hilarious.


Arizona woman calls deputies to report son's alleged bestiality on a horse. Just hilarious. Guess what White are there? Is there any reason y'all sound so? Sure. Hm. The case. The case What? Kenneth got a white case. Why he around both y'all Absolutely correct. I knew Kenneth sounded completely Caucasian. Some things are reserved for certain sectors of society, certain sectors. Bestiality is absolutely one of them. Jesus. Okay.


Alright. Around. And what's the miscellaneous face? Miscellaneous. You don't know her? I know her. I'm not messing with you. You know Miscellaneous, right? Jess? No. You don't know miscellaneous? No. I know what the word means, but I don't Know it was a person. Yeah, miscellaneous. It's a horrible joke. Oh yeah. That's horrible. Just, just like the horse jokes he did a minute ago. Just bad. Just yeah, just horrible. Just stupidest dad jokes I've heard. Alright, well thank you for that donkey today. Up next we got Congresswoman Jasmine Crockett. She'll be joining us. We'll talk to her next. Don't move, it's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody's DJ n Envy. Jess, Larry and Charlemagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. We have Congresswoman Jasmine Crocker. She's back. Good morning. Good morning. How you feeling? It's too Early. You supposed to be energized. Okay. Your party is energized. So being energized, it's your party, Congresswoman, You just have Broccoli Festival partying it up. Yes. And. I seen you. I was, it was amazing too. And they let me on stage so I could tell black people what they black job is this November. How would they, how did they react to that? Were they energized? They were energized. Okay. It was great. I did a couple of things. I asked them if they had heard of Project 2025. Okay. And the crowd was like, yes.


So that made me really happy. I also kind of did this call and response where I was like, all right, so your black job this November is to vote. And so I came back right before Meg got on stage. And I was like, I'm just back to make sure that y'all remember what y'all job is. And they did. So they were engaged the entire time. It was really a great crowd. And it was talking to people that I feel like politicians don't take the time out to talk to. Absolutely. So yeah, very happy to be there. Where were you when you got the news that Democrats actually You know, summoned up some courage and said, You know what? It's time for President Biden to move aside, which they should have done a year ago. But we're, we're not.


We're not judging Where were you? I'm not doing this with you, but I was literally laying in bed when I found out because I saw the tweet that you put out and you weren't that happy about them making the decision. So, So for me, it's all about how you do stuff. You know. Like you're like, Hey, this is a conversation that should have took place a year ago if there were concerns. I agree with you that this is something that should have been part of the conversation earlier. But I also felt like it was very disrespectful. This is a man who really does have an exemplary record. Like the record that I am gonna put out there as I campaign for the vice president. They share this great record of accomplishment, but for them not to have more attacks about this and not to look as crazy as we look where everything was, Democrats kind of doing this infighting.


It's like, wait a minute. The Republicans, they have lined up with they rapist convicted You know felon, like they fraud. Like they have lined up behind this guy who we know was telling us ignorance stuff like inject yourself with bleach. And y'all wanna tell me because he was stumbling and fumbling over words in a debate when we know that he was born with a stutter. I mean, these are people that are justifying January 6th. I'm like, if they can say that those people were just on a little tour and they were good patriots, then y'all can stand by this record and You know If, you have concerns about the lack of excitement for the base, then this is a conversation that I think it still would've went the same way if it was behind closed doors.


But we really did ourself our own harm. Like that's where the harm, it wasn't coming from Republicans. It wasn't Republicans attacking us. It was us attacking us. And so I think that it does set a bad precedence. Right? But now A week later, couple hundred million dollars raised new energy, hundred plus new voters. No people excited. Listen, I mean you And I have talked about the VP before. You know that like I ride and rock hard with her. Always have. Right? So the way that I describe it is a rollercoaster of emotions, right? It was definitely a low, the way that it happened, that showed A lack of unity. Yes. Absolutely. Absolutely. I like it showed a lack of unity outside the house. Like absolute You know. You know we have that conversation.


Absolutely. We keep it inside the house. Absolutely. I didn't like that either. I felt like people were switching sides, which I think it needed to be done. But I just felt like do that inside the house. Let's Have that discussion. Lemme let me, lemme give you some in-house info. I'm not gonna snitch on nobody. 'cause I don't, I don't, I don't snitch. I don't snitch it. Listen, I don't, I don't do that. All right. Most of the time. But here's the deal. You know it is great that the vice president is the presumptive nominee. But let me tell you something. As people were calling for the president to step down, it wasn't that They were all like, oh yeah, we want Kamala. I had a lot of coworkers that were like, it can't be either one of them. So that was another reason that I was riding so hard because I'm like, wait a minute, what we not gonna do is, in fact, in that tweet, I made it clear, I'm not messing with nobody else.


It's the vice president or y'all go figure this out. Like, I'm not going out there. I'm not getting out there because y'all are playing games. So what we had to do is like behind the scenes, we had to strategically get ourselves together quickly. So I sent out a letter of endorsement to all of the delegates out of the state of Texas to make sure that they knew where I stood and tried to get them to stand on business as well. And so we as Black caucus members and some other caucus members immediately started getting in touch with delegates because if there was any daylight between his announcement and her coming out strong, then they would've tried to get somebody else.


In fact, they were trying to get other people. I know y'all saw the Joe Manchin talking about, he was talking about, well I, I may need to be president the hell you do not united. I would've, I would've the United States of America, I would've voted third party if Joe Manch Would've been, Hey, child. Child. Are you Surprised of the energy though? Because You know, like you said, a lot of people necessarily didn't think that that ticket could win. Now the energy's different. But when they first announced, were you surprised that the energy immediately, she raised so much money immediately and people were coming out and drove immediately? I, I was surprised. I was surprised. But I was pleasantly surprised because I think that a lot of us, especially like black folk, we get nervous, right? Because we have seen the level of racism and vitriol that Trump has ushered in and he wins over voters that way.


So now when we started talking about people of color, I mean we know that the entire movement started with Obama, right? Like it was like this backlash type situation. So yes, I was nervous, but I am happy that thus far we've got the energy. Now the question is, can we keep this energy through November? That's right. Can we transform this energy into votes? And I'm hoping that we can. How Long do you think this honeymoon phase with the vice president is gonna last? Because it's still the same old Democratic party. So what, what changes would you like to see in the Democratic Party since they made this massive change at the top of the ticket? What other changes would you like to see to keep the energy going?


Yeah, I mean, I think that there's a clear signal that overall we're wanting younger leadership and there has been a gatekeeping for a very long time throughout every level of government when it comes to the Democratic Party, we don't really allow for the younger voices to get in. The fact that I'm considered young is really a problem. In my opinion. The only young person that I see in Congress is Maxwell Frost. Okay. I know he's Gen Z, so he's super young. But overall, I think that we should start to engage in more partnerships and mentorships where you're actually training somebody up. I think that there's always this fear that if I start to mentor somebody, then they will then try to leapfrog me instead of recognizing like, this is your strength, this is your power, you overhear.


But at the same time, we need an actual pipeline and we need to start promoting like what that pipeline looks like. One of the issues that we have in the Democratic Party is everybody sits around and says, okay, who's next? There is no pipeline, right? Like everybody's sitting around asking questions and we should say, this person got next 'cause we've seen them doing this and that. So that's one of the, the things that I would like to see I, well hold up. We have more with Congresswoman Jasmine Crockett, when we come back is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy. Jess Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Congresswoman Jasmine Crockett. Now as we start looking for vice presidents, who do you like? And not just one person, but who do you like and who do you think will be the best fit? Because people are realizing this is like a, I don't wanna say like a basketball game, but you have to size up who's gonna be the best fit and who's gonna be the best help for That?


It's gotta be a white man, have to do a DEI hire and hire a white man. Do you think it has to be a white man? Can it be a white woman, have to be a white for Michigan? Can it be somebody else that's black? What? What are your thoughts? The majority of the picks look like, or the majority of the options look like white men. So I, I'm gonna assume it's gonna be a white man. Yeah, right. You know, I trust the vice president and her ability to, to pick, I think the characteristics that she's gonna look for is a good partner. Because when it came down to her and Joe Biden, it was more of a partnership. Same thing with him and Barack Obama. It was a partnership. And so I think that that's what she'll look for. I don't know what her relationships are like with some of the governors. I can say that in my mind, Senator Kelly is somebody that she's consistently worked for or worked with because she has been the president of the Senate.


And so she probably understands how he works, she understands his relationships in the Senate. The governors haven't worked in the Senate. So I, I would think that she has a natural inclination to potentially go with him. But I don't know. In addition to the fact that when we start looking at the map, right, you take a Governor Brashear, well, I don't know that we gonna get another Democratic governor over there in Kentucky, right? But when you look at Arizona, if for some reason Mark Kelly comes out of that spot, then we have a Democratic governor and she's the one that appoints another Democrat to that spot. So we don't end up messing with the balance of power in the Senate either.


I like Mark Kelly. He looks, he looks MAGA white. Oh boy, Baldhead, I can't, can't. And he's an astronaut. White people love astronauts. He Said people love astronaut too. No, he's an astronaut. And he's a veteran. Yes. And he's very big on gun violence and it's something that she's very passionate about and we know that it's something that Gen Z is very passionate about. And honestly, oh, black folk in hood, we want to get the guns off the streets too. I'm just saying. So I think that all of those things make for a really decent pick, but I don't know. I don't know what they're looking at. I would imagine that they are also doing some internal polling. I would guess that they're doing some internal polling to kind of try to figure out who moves the scale where and how well known somebody is too.


Because we're not talking about a lot of time to introduce your vice president. You got a hundred days. That's right. And Mark Kelly is also probably the best known and he is very strong when it comes to fundraising. He did $90 million to raise for his last Senate race. So I think that that also will end up factoring in, I'm too a all day, by the way. But I do believe in common sense gun reform. Me too. I'm licensed security. Right, right. But like the fact that everybody and anybody got access to any and everything, which is crazy, is a problem. Especially in Texas Congresswoman. So you ain't just clapping back at Don't Worry about my nine. You ain't, don't worry about My nine. You clapping back with your mouth. No. Okay. Okay. I'm in Texas.


That's you. Crazy. Now when you say freedoms are on the line, because that's something you say a lot, explain to our audience, what do you mean when you say freedoms are on the Line? So when we start looking at diversity, equity, and inclusion, they keep trying to attack it, but let's be real about it. And, I think that it's been good to have the conversation. Because when we look at things like affirmative action, it's been white women that have benefited more than anybody. So when they start saying things like, we're gonna get rid of affirmative action, even though they are taking aim at us, we still had not gotten our due when it came to it. So that's why a lot of black folk are like, yo, affirmative action needs to stay in place because we still haven't gotten to where we needed to get to. So that's number one. And when we start talking about affirmative action and diversity, equity, inclusion, it's not just getting into schools.


While most people know the Supreme Court case as it relates to Harvard, it's not just that they are trying to bleed this over into business opportunities, right? So when we start looking at contracting and whether or not black contractors are going to get contracting opportunities, they're trying to use this as the catalyst for why we can't then say, oh, we've gotta make sure that we have metrics that we're trying to hit for black businesses. This is affecting us economically. When we look at the Fearless fund and what they've done in the courts, to them the Fearless Fund was like, yo, we know that black women are under invested in no matter what we look at, whether it's politics or otherwise, even though Kamala is breaking all the stereotypes for that one, they


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more. In fact, at public dot com's high yield cash account, you could be earning an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees or balance requirements and you can access your cash whenever you want. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance. In other words, you can earn 5.1% a PY with the flexibility and security you deserve. It's time to take your cash out of a traditional savings account. It's time to take advantage of one of the industry's best interest rates. There are no fees, period. And you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance start earning 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Fin Run, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank, see public.com/disclosures for more.


The Paris Olympics are here tonight in men's gymnastics US all around Champ Brody Malone continues his amazing comeback as he leads team USA against the world's best, Unbelievable. He is back. Plus history will be made in the pool as a strong US swimming team takes on Rivals Australia and the best of The World in pursuit of gold. Experience the Olympics as you've never seen him before. Primetime in Paris tonight, eight seven Central on NBC in Peacock.


MIT's mission is to solve problems for a safer world If, you have a passion for applied cybersecurity with skills in infrastructure, threat intelligence, deterrence technologies advises threat emulation, or intelligence analysis. Explore the many challenging and fulfilling career opportunities@mitre.org slash careers. That's MITR e.org/careers.


Our kids have said to us, since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot of doors for us. Just this overall sense of community. The values that You know Minnesotans have. It's a real accepting, loving community, especially with two young kids. See what makes Minnesota the star of the north new residents share why they love calling it home@exploreminnesota.com slash live.


Rain or shine every day is a great day for fishing, right? You got rain gear, but you can't overlook sunny day gear. A Columbia PFG Solar Stream elite hoodie has you covered on the sunniest days. Like literally. I mean, who wouldn't trade a sunburn for a trophy fish? But why do it? If? you don't have to. Especially when this solar Stream elite hoodie is built with broad spectrum UV protection. We're talking UPF 50 and it has air flow so you don't overheat. And what's the alternative? Putting down the rod every half hour so you can slather on some sunscreen seems like an easy choice to be. Columbia PFG has you covered with their cast back TC shoe. It's omnimax cushioning and traction system helps if you're on your feet a lot say fighting a fish, not to mention keeping you surefooted on a wet rocking boat. So If, you're gonna be spending long days out on the water. And I. Sincerely hope that you will be head over to columbia.com/pfg and shop all their performance fishing gear.


Said no, it's not okay for you to go out and decide that you're going to invest in black women businesses. So we need to understand that they are trying to attack us economically as well as they're trying to attack our educational opportunities. When we start looking at reproductive freedom, that also is an economic conversation if we're gonna be real about it, right? Because there are people that decide that they're not gonna have children because economically they can't afford to have children. And so then we're talking about potentially holding people back economically. But also we're talking about literally putting women's lives on the line. We know that the black maternal mortality rate in this country has always been abysmal.


And when we look at Texas, we are leading the way in the wrong way. Again, when we look at that, when you look at people like Serena Williams, like this comes down to a situation where it doesn't matter how much money you have, we have a problem in this country. And now you're saying I am going to take away some of those options that are available to doctors and women as they are trying to basically live. So we're talking about the freedom to, to live overall. Why Are more people talking about the Supreme Court? I've been saying that the Supreme Court is illegitimate. Mm, it is. It is completely corrupt. Because what I, what I, what my fear in November is You know, let's just say the, the Vice president wins. Donald Trump challenges it in light of all of their recent rulings.


What makes us think they're not going to side with Donald Trump and overturn the results of an election? I have no faith in the Supreme Court. Hmm. So I'm with you. I, I don't know. But I do know that we've gotta talk about the Supreme Court in general. And that was actually another concern about who became the nominee, because we already knew that they were going to sue. And so I was like, y'all can play fantasy president all y'all want to, but ultimately you may end up with a ticket and then your votes may not count because they have already decided they are going to court and the court belongs to Donald Trump. That's right. So, so that was yet another concern that we had. If for some reason it ended up being a nominee that was not the vice president, I thought that it could get really iffy because this would be the first time in history.


Which means that they literally don't have any precedence, which means that they start playing in our faces. In addition to that, I think it is a very salient point that we have to make on the campaign trail. And that I do make is that it's not just the presidency that's on the line. It's this daggone Supreme court. That's right. Because he's already made it clear that he's gonna put two more justices on this court. They get lifetime appointments. So that's why I'm happy that the president started talking about Supreme Court reform. I'm a part of the Supreme Court or the court reform task force. And so we've got three bills that we are trying to get passed. One is term limits. We, they don't need lifetime appointments. That's clear. Number two is expanding the court.


This court has been expanded seven times, but the last time it was expanded was I think over a hundred years ago. We've grown a little bit in the last a hundred years. So we need to expand the court. And then finally we need some kind of ethics reform. 'cause they just out here wilding. And the only people that get in trouble is everybody but them. So we need to make sure that they have some sort of ethics that they have to abide by. But I'm, I'm absolutely with you. I think that we are already preparing for the legal challenges as Donald Trump is out on the stump saying things like, if I don't win this state, it's because they cheated. He is already laying. That's right. The groundwork. But I will say the good work of say Fannie Willis down in Georgia, let's clap it up for her.


I think that he may not have as many people that are willing to ride with him in his ridiculousness because it may lead them to prison. I think that they may be fearful. We also know in Arizona, they just did some indictments. So I think people may say, nevermind, I ain't doing fake electors. I ain't doing none of this stuff 'cause I ain't got time to risk my freedom. Besides the Supreme Court. Do you have any other fears with this election? You, you already know they attacking her as a prosecutor. They called her a DEI hire. They said childless cat ladies, What's wrong with that? What's wrong with her being a DEI? She's Listen, definitely earned it. Definitely earned it is what that means. But we know she's over, I'm Taking it back. But we know she's overly qualified. But if the president said, Hey, I wanted a black, a woman of color vice president, what's wrong with that?


It's not wrong. When we look at diversity, equity, and inclusion, or when we look at affirmative action type of platforms, what it's been about is saying, Hey, we need to make sure that we look at all the talent because it's never been about people that were unqualified. It's been about making sure that you were forced to take a look at somebody other than That's right. A white man. Right. That's it. That's right. But you still had to measure up. And still when we look at it, you have to exceed the qualifications. That's right. Because again, when you start talking about old boy and the cat ladies, come on now. Like JD Vance has what? Listen, I am older than JD Vance and everybody's like, oh, look at the young baby in Congress. Right?


But when you look at the Republicans, they're like, oh yes, this can be the next vice President of the United States. And the reality is that this dude has never done anything. He just got elected for the first time a year and a half ago. Wow. Jasmine Crockett, we appreciate Congresswoman Jasmine Crockett. Crockett, we appreciate you for joining us this morning. Thank you so much. Have you spoken to The vp? Did she call you this week? She called me the day that it happened. Okay, amazing. And you can stay up with us. Please let us know. Keep a abreast of what's going on. You can check in anytime. If you in town, pull up on us. Thank you so much. Absolutely. Thank you. And gimme a website so they can buy T-shirts and all That. Yes. Go to the clap back collection.com to grab your shirt. Alright. It's Congresswoman Jasmine Crockett. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to Jess with The Mess. News Is real hilarious. Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. She Don't spell nobody, Bro. I just worldwide on The. Breakfast Club. She's a culture shooter. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to shut it off. Okay, so the Empire actor, Braier Gray, who played Hakeem, he has been arrested in Florida on Friday. According to the arrest records, Bri Shere was taken into custody on trespassing, unoccupied structure or conveyance charge.


He was placed on a $150 bond. The record does not. Yeah, like $150. Yeah. Oh my gosh. Which he probably had in his pocket. Like the record does not indicate the area he allegedly trespassed. However, just hours after his arrest, Brasier seemed to be at home and posted a video on Instagram of himself enjoying his own music. The caption of the video said, perseverance and above all, confidence in yourself for the race marked out for us. Indulge into your weakness for when I am weak, I am strong. Okay. So basically, I guess he or whatever, but supporters in the comments urge people to like closely check in on him.


I mean, because since like You know his appearances on the show and everything, it just seems like it's been going downhill for Braier You. know what I mean? Like, and, and he has like a, a series of mugshots or whatever for You know different things that he's gone to jail for. I, I do wanna know like, is everything okay? You know? Well obviously yeah, everything is not okay, but like who does reach out to him to check on him? You know what I'm saying? I'm not saying they have to be from the show, but if everybody, if the rumors are true about them working so closely together, like I really hope like people are checking in on him making sure he's good because they're all, 'cause people, when people see him, it's just kind of like it was with Orlando Brown.


Yep. When people was seeing him, they would be quick to record him, but like nobody really was trying to help. Yeah. I wonder what it is. 'cause he, he seems like he's at a, a bunch of incidents and issues after the show. So I hope somebody does check on a brother And I. Hope he's okay. Yeah, absolutely. You just don't know what people go through so you can't really make assumptions. But, 'cause it may come out later. Something was happening to him or Right. Somebody did whatever. But I just, just keep him in our prayers. West Coast DJ cursed out by the caller. All right. So a West coast DJ who goes by the name Deon Sharif. Now in a DJ world, I don't know if y'all know, y'all all know each other? No, I don't know every dj. No, I don't I don't think he's a DJ per se Club dj. I think it means DJ on radio.


Okay. But I don't know the rub. Got you. He shared a post on social media of a call he got after playing some Drake and this is what happened. So look, so we playing Drake. Right? Look at this call. I just got check this out man. I'm trying to figure out how you playing a white boy to stick the white boy on a in Canada. How the you playing him on the West Coast, man. Oh, is you? Oh dog. I don't control this man. It's just, this is what I'm told to play You know I'm from la I wouldn't, I wouldn't play it if I was Yeah, you gotta, you gotta speak for you though. You gotta tell your boss this a different culture with this. I told you we be playing this You know on this if we come on man.


Hey, I feel you. You gonna get some up though? Oh, come on man. It ain't that deep. I don't think it's that deep. But I feel you though man. Man, you better keep that air on the web, on God and heaven. Okay, I'll let them know. I'll send a message through. Yeah, I'll send a message. But I mean, it happens. Yo, when I, I mean Go ahead. I was gonna say when Biggie and, and and Pac was going through their beef, it was the same thing. If a, if a jock or a DJ played the record, people be upset. 'cause they You know they, they take their artists really close to their heart. So If, you If you mess with my coach. Now we don't don't want to hear that, but people don't understand that the DJs, unless it's a mix, don't pick the records. Like so the records that you hear every morning. I didn't pick You, know Jess didn't pick Charlemagne didn't pick.


There's a program director that decides what music plays, when it plays, how many times it plays a day. That ain't on us. We got the mix. When it's my mix, I can pick those records. But when you hear a record, you'd be like, well envy why you play? I didn't play that record. That wasn't my choice. Yeah. And then I feel like yo la like West Coast, they have like a very nineties mindset when it comes to stuff like this. Like no, they, they're loyal. Like they don't play because that man was this serious and he sounded like a older guy. Like, nah, we not, like he was out back in the day with the, the Biggie and the Tupac beef was going on. Yeah. Like they, they don't play over there. He sound like he was gonna pull up to the radio station, be like, look, I I'm gonna be in there. I'm gonna be there in 30 minutes. Like You know What I'm saying?


But it's like, but still at the same time, Drake has too many features. Correct. Too many hits. Correct. It's like, yo, they still gonna blast that man over there. That's right. You know what I'm saying? It's, it's hard not to play Drake anywhere. The World. It's not gonna happen. It's not. It can't, it can't. So, but damn, shout out to LA serious. They Holding all this down. Yep. Alright. And real quick, envy, I got some worldwide news, so, okay. UK All right. Is getting real serious. So in the upcoming book, Katherine the Princess of Wills, that's a book about the drop and the author Robert Jobson. Right. He claims that King Charles called out Prince William for using his helicopter. Right. A little too much.


He was using it a little too much, but he was using it with his k with his wife Kay Middleston and their three kids. So basically King Charles had written up this document and told William like, yo, you need to sign this. Acknowledging how much you use it. Like basically a log, like take responsibility for your actions for borrowing it so much. I need to know when you gonna use it, what time you gonna bring it back, where you going all at? Right. And the book claim King Charles didn't want Prince William flying his helicopter so much for the long distances because it was dangerous and because he, he was paying attention to his mortality because he had to face his own You know. 'cause King Charles just found out You know he had the cancer.


So the book is trying to paint it like he just worried about William's wellbeing and stuff like that. But my UK sources told me he really don't want him on Explain. 'cause I don't like him like that. Mm. And he don't want him using his stuff. So can't wait till this book come out. Who? Your sauces, Why would I ever reveal? Okay, my bad. Yeah. So yeah, but it it be getting crazy over there. I mean, I know, I know it's probably not as messy as American News, but they messy yo that man using helicopter too much. So you gonna make him log in and log out. Like him and his family have to go places. That's, I mean it's, I mean I, I don't, I don't get it. A lot of people are like that when it comes to their things. When they, when people have a lot of money, they be like, I don't want you using my thing.


I I'm, I don't care if if it's mine, my kids could use and my family could use it. It is what it is. You know, use it, enjoy it. That's me. Yeah, but King Charles' probably like Prince, you got money, get your own You. know what I'm saying? That's true too. So I, I I don't know, but I'm gonna do some more digging or whatever. I got a meeting at 9 0 3 oh boy with my UK sources. So I'm gonna update y'all tomorrow on this story. Thank you Justin. No problem. Alright, that is just with the mess. Up Next we got the People's Choice Mix. And I. Gotta remind you guys. Yes. My car show the Drive Your Dreams Car show. August 10th, we're gonna be in Shreveport, Louisiana and August 17th we're gonna be in New Jersey, New York, Meadowlands Expo Center. I try to do these events to something that's fun for the family. There's a lot of events, a lot of times, and you can't bring your kids or you can't bring your parents.


These events we want you to Kids Fiveing under a free, there's gonna be celebrity cars, old cars, exotic cars. There's like jumpy rides, obstacle courses and gaming trucks for the kids. There's food trucks, of course there's a ball for the adults and there's so much to go on. So If, you haven't got your tickets, get your tickets. Kids Fiveing under a free, we're doing like free haircuts for the kids. We're gonna be doing backpack giveaways while supplies last. Just try to do family fun. I got six kids. I need somewhere for my kids to go. So try to create these events for the kids. I would invite Jess, but that is actually the day that Jess's due date, August 17th. I do. Yeah. And then she may come before then, so it's like, dang, I still can't come. No, you can't next year. Yeah. Ashton was like, I can't, can I go to DJ and be called, called show?


I said, no, I'm, I'm gonna have the baby. He was like, it ain't my baby. No, I can't go Up there. Jesus. So I told him we can go to the next one together. All well, the People's Choice mixes up next. Let's get to it now and you can hit me up right now for your request. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast Club. Now salute to 85 South Show for joining us. Chico being Carlos Miller. Our Guys man, make sure you checked him out on their big business tour that they're currently on. I think they was in Jersey and Philly this weekend. That's right. And make sure you check out their Channel 85 app. Make sure you subscribe to the 85 South Show podcast on the Black Effect iHeartRadio podcast Network.


Salute the guys man. Good brothers. Love to see good brothers like that winner. All right. And also Jasmine Crockett Congresswoman Jasmine Crockett for stopping through. Always a pleasure. When the congresswoman pulls up, man, make sure you go to her website, clap back collection.com man. And go go, go get a shirt with one of her, her, her signature clap backs on there. That's right. Now Jess You know people have been calling all morning long and saying that If, you want to have the baby fast. Castor oil will work. They say also sex walking and double Dutch jump rope so you can, I don't know nothing about no damn double Dutch. Pick And choose which one you wanna Do. I've been told you I don't, I, I'm more concerned about the baby on a double Dutch tip, so I'm not going to do that. I'm not gonna continue to bounce up and down like that.


And then I've never known how to double Dutch. I know how to regular jump rule, but I'm not ready to do that Cast. The oil might be nasty. I might just have sex. I don't know 'cause but that hurts right now. So. We'll we'll see. Cast the oil man and cast oil had that baby right on out. She'd be out here ready by Friday. What's up by Friday? What's up? Mm. Ain't that's crazy how life just comes into The. World Though. I can't talk to you with that white stuff on Your face. Make If you pregnant next minute. There's just a person that you gotta take care of for the rest of their life here. Yeah, I can't talk to you with that white stuff on your face bro. What's Wrong with you? Grow up. All right, when we come back, positive news is The Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy we are The Breakfast Club. It's time to get up outta here.


Charlamagne, you got a positive note? I do have a positive note. I wanna salute everybody I saw in Cincinnati this weekend, man, I was in Cincinnati for the black men think Tank You know slu. The everybody that listens to Dustin Cincinnati on 1 0 2 0.3 The beat. Had a great time out there this weekend. Man, I'm mad I couldn't stay You know but I had to be in and out. But SLU everybody in Cincinnati man, thank you for just coming out and for everybody that got a, everybody that came, got a copy of my new book. Get Honest to Die Line Watch. Small Talk sucks. So just thank y'all. Great time. Alright, Well you got a positive note? Yes. The positive note on this fine Monday. I want y'all to know it is only when we take chances that our lives improve. And the initial and the most difficult risk we need to take is to be honest.


Have a great day Breakfast Club Bitches


You finish or y'all Done@public.com. You can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% A PY with no subscription required. That means zero monthly account fees or balance requirements and you can withdraw cash whenever you like. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% A PY as of 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Finra, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


Mitre is investing in a massive AI supercomputer to power a new federal AI sandbox with AI's potential to drive transformational advances across industries. MIT's expertise in healthcare, cybersecurity, transportation, finance, climate, and national security will be critical. Transform your career while helping solve problems for a safer world. Visit mitre.org/careers. That's MITR e.org/careers.


Our kids have said to us, since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot of doors for us. Just this overall sense of community, the values that You know Minnesotans Have. It's a real accepting and loving community, especially with two young kids. See what makes Minnesota the star of the North new residents share why they love calling it home@exploreminnesota.com slash live.


Hi icons. It's Paris Hilton. Check out my new single Chasin featuring Meghan Trainor out today. Done chasing you. I feel so lucky to collaborate with Megan and how perfectly she put my experience into words. Listen to cha him from my new album, infinite Icon on iHeartRadio or wherever you stream music. Don't forget to visit infinite icon.com to pre save my album. Sponsored by 1111 Media,


oh Ever. Wolf down a Big Mac and thought I could use some extra cash meat. Drop the Ultimate Rewards app. Earn free gift cards for getting your daily coffee or late night drive through effortlessly. Just link a card shop and watch rewards Stack with drop. It's like getting paid to indulge. Download, drop now and start earning. Use the code. Drop two two for $5 in points instantly.