
American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career and family, a PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates, so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran Grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.aps.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan reimagine the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal Plus Sound System with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity you depend on deals you want in service, you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Good morning, Usa. Yo yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo. Jess. Hilarious. Good morning, Charlemagne. The guy. Peace To the Planet Is Tuesday. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? What up? What up? What up? What up, Jess? How you feeling? Welcome back. Thank you. I'm just getting my voice back. I did Tampa, the Hard Rock Casino on Sunday. It was good. Yo, every time I go to Tampa, they show me big love. Shout out to Madam. I forgot the, the, the, the name of the restaurant, but it's called Madam Something. And then next Door, seventh and Grove. Seventh Grove is the restaurant. Yes. But there's one next door. No. Seventh Grove is like the lounge. The lounge. Yes. But the one next door is the actual restaurant.


It was good. Shout out to all the Cooks. Everything. I just, that's I DJ seventh Grove. Yeah. It was beautiful, right? Yeah. Yes. It was really beautiful. And then the show Turn turnout was amazing. It was dope. That was my first time doing Hard. Rock Casino headlining it. It was, it was great. Amazing. Sold out show, packed everything. Shout out to the Lash tech Li Lee. Everybody came through from me. I got the IV drip for, you know, hydration, the energy and everything. It was just fun. But why'd you leave some of your voice in Tampa? Why didn't I didn't leave any of my voice in Tampa coming. It's coming up. Y'all would heard me yesterday. It would've been crazy. Yeah. Yeah. I traveled back yesterday. 'cause I usually don't do shows on Sundays, but I couldn't, couldn't come here yesterday. I I would, I had no voice. I would've been sounding like you that day. Remember that time we did the, the show and you couldn't even Yes.


Oh, That was the comedy show. I had to do the comedy show. Remember y'all dj, dj the comedy Show. You get somebody else to talk for. I couldn't even introduce artists. I was Like, touch a stage. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, yeah. But I had fun. Shout out to Sam. Well, I'm happy to be here, man. Glad you back. I feel blessed Black and Holly favored another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What's happening? It's a Tuesday, right? That's right. It's a Tuesday. All right, well, let's get the show cracking. We got front page news. Next. We'll break down and everything that's happening, your man Trump is working. He's doing a lot. And how, how many days has he Been in office? First of all, he, he saying he's working and doing a lot. No, they taking a, a wrecking ball to the infrastructure of the federal government. And I, I, I, I feel so sorry for all the federal workers that are constantly losing their job every single day. Yeah. We'll break that down when we come back and of course, get it off your chest.


So if you need to get some things off your chest, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. You can hit us up. Now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get some front page news. All right. Now, so quick Sports. They say the Eagles have not received a White House invitation after Super Bowl win, but they say plan to accept it if invited. So Who put that lie out there that they didn't, somebody just put that lie out there and said that I So they didn't accept the invite. That's what they're saying. Jesus Christ. Boy, I'm gonna tell you, a lie will go around The World three times on the internet before the truth even puts on the shoes. Well, good morning, Morgan. Good morning.


DJ Envy. Charlamagne the guy Jess. Hilarious. How y'all doing on this Tuesday? Peace Morgan. Alright, let's get into it. So President Trump, he's praising Elon Musk about this email, that Doge email that went out. Department of Government Efficiency to federal workers asking, Hey, what did you do last week? He said the email was genius and suggested the government may be paying people who don't exist or don't even work there. Federal workers had until midnight last night to respond to that email. Musk initially sent, said, or he initially said, no response will be taken as a resignation. But last night he posted on X, that federal workers will be given another chance to reply. So another e email went out saying, federal employees will be given another chance to reply.


I believe that new deadline is Wednesday. Now, some agencies have directed their employees to completely just ignore the email that's, there are other that's saying don't even open it. 'cause if you don't open it, you never saw it, quote unquote. So let's take a listen to President Trump's comments on that email and how he feels. I thought it was great because we have people that don't show up to work and nobody even knows if they work for the government. So by asking the question, tell us what you did this week, what he's doing is saying, are you actually working? We're trying to find out if people are working. And so we're sending a letter to people. Please tell us what you did last week. If people don't respond, it's very possible that there is no such person or they're not working.


What about the person who just got hired? What are they supposed to say that they did last week? But don't The people have managers and, and aren't managers, you know, watching over a certain amount of employees. Right? Shouldn't that how that shouldn't That's how it worked. You would Think, man, listen. Yeah, I wanna say slew dollar Republicans like the Caspers and the Tulsi Gabbs and the Pete Heeps. I don't care how you feel about them. Plus we're standing on it. Yeah. I don't care. I don't care how you feel about them. I'm glad that, you know, they told their employees to ignore that email from Elon Musk. That's just not a sophisticated way to find out who's doing what in federal government. It's just that simple. Well, let's take it a step further. Did you know the response to the email that federal workers to list what they accomplished? We'll be read by ai. So sources tell, oh my god, news that, that's crazy.


Replies to the Elon Musk directed email will be fed into a AI model, which determine if their jobs are necessary. So the report says the information the workers submit will go into an advanced AI system that understands generates and processes human language, AI system. That it, yeah. Okay. The US Office of Personnel Management, which is the original Doge, sent an email to government employees on Saturday asking them again to list the five bullet points of what they accomplished last week. And again, like I said, Musk said, if you don't respond to that email, then I will be taken as a resignation. But can you believe AI is gonna be the one, the determining factor? And that, and that's the problem. That's why when, you know, Elon Musk was comparing, you know, those to the, the National Partnership for Reinventing Government that, you know, Clinton in initiated in the nineties, the difference was when Bill Clinton actually worked with federal agents and civil servants and private sector experts, when he was, you know, seeing where he could trim the fat.


He wasn't dealing with AI and sending out emails saying, Hey, tell me what you did last week. I will tell you, I got quite a few calls yesterday from some sources I won't reveal. And I will say that from the inside, I'm getting that this is quite the farce. A lot of people are saying that, you know, well, I'm gonna work on bringing you guys some exclusive insight tea, but I wanna make sure that my sources are protected for once. And you know, the federal workers who are kind of like the first timers, they are, they're reeling. But some of the, you know, OGs, they're like, man, please. So You know, Morgan, you now, you protect your sources. Just Don't, How's that? Just don't say who they are. O Okay. Alright. Alright y'all. So President Trump and French President Emmanuel Macro met at the White House yesterday, the two leaders spoke about efforts to end the war in Ukraine, trade deals between, between the two countries.


And Trump also said, the bond between France and US is strong. Let's hear more from President Trump. Today's a big day in that we had a G seven and President Macron, who's a very special man in my book, we were together. We did it together. And we've had some very good talks with Russia. We've had some very good talks with others, and we're trying to get the war ended with Russia and Ukraine. And I think we've come a long way in a short period of weeks. The relationship's been very special with France and very special with this gentleman on my right. And we look forward to keeping that going for a long period of time.


Aw, that's almost like you and envy Charmaine. No. All som they And envy actually like each other, not just for work. I don So The two said they will also Yeah, I've mentioned that, that they talk about trade deals and of course Myron is the first European leader to visit the White House since Trump's second term began. UK Prime Minister, Kara Starmer is set to arrive on Thursday for a meeting with Trump. So I could keep you guys posted as to what's going on. It's so mad. I was like, I'm all oil man. Seriously salute all the families out there being affected by the federal funding cuts, man. Absolute. You know, people with disabilities, veterans, elderly people. One of my homies yesterday in Alabama was telling me that Easter, Easter Seals got gutted.


And, you know, Easter, Easter Seals is an American 5 0 1 non-profit that provides disability service services and they have additional support areas for veterans and military families and seniors and caregivers. And, you know, one of his family members was going there three days a week. Now it's just gonna be a one one day a week because of how bad they got gutted. Damn. So they are, they are really affecting, you know, everyday working class people in a real way with this, this foolishness. And not to mention tariffs are on the way. We'll talk more about that. Oh my God. All right. Hmm. All right, well, we'll see you next hour Morgan. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open again. (800) 585-1051. Call us up right now.


It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. I'm tall. I'm tall. Hey, what you doing man? I'm Call calling. Yo. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? This is Damien calling out Pennsylvania. What's up Damien from Pennsylvania. Get it off your chest. Damien. Good morning to y'all. DJ Envy, Charlemagne And I just hilarious. Good morning. Morning, Damon. I just wanted give a shout out to my kids. Yo, welcome. Braden, His kids. I, I just wanted to give a shout out to my kids, Jalen Mann, Brandon Mann and Maya.


Safe man. So look to those beautiful children, man, brother. Thank you. I appreciate It. Have a good one. You too. All right, now. Hello. Who's this? Hey, how's it going? This is Don. Don. What up? Get it off your chest, Don. First morning I wanna say good morning y'all. This first time. Good morning. Good morning. Good Morning. Morning. I'm from Florida and I just wanna get off my chest that, you know, it's, it's been hard lately trying to be happy and go, I, I used to have a lot of suicidal thoughts and a lot of depression going on And I had to confront it recently before it got worse. And I honestly, it, it's, it's been a great journey that I've ever since confronting it.


And I just wanna tell everybody, you know, just, just take that first step. Don't, don't wallow in in your depression and, and anger. Talk to somebody. Absolutely. Don't matter who. It's just talk to somebody. I totally Agree. Yeah. Did did you talk to a therapist or pastor or who I who did you speak to? I, I did have, I did have a therapist for a little bit, but it just wasn't for me. It wasn't working like, I didn't think we were getting anywhere. So I had to talk to a, a mentor of mine, a spiritual mentor that I have. Okay. And she actually gave me some clarity, you Know, I got both brother, I got a therapy And I got a spiritual leader. You know, sometimes you just gotta find a mentally competent therapist Emini here. Therapy therapy isn't for everybody. But, you know, I think you should probably give it another shot.


Just try to find somebody who's culturally competent. Man that actually, that you don't gotta explain things to. Yeah, I, I agree with that. I, I just didn't, I, I didn't feel like wanted to. I don I don't wanna go searching anymore down that route. I wanted to go back to the route and which is eat dealing with my, my spirituality. I love that. You know, I, I, Hey, I believe in God and therapy. That's what I say all the time. Yeah. Alright, brother. Well, I'm glad you're doing better, brother. And if you look at, if you, if you want, if you ever want to give therapy another shot, go to mental wealth alliance.org man. And, and, and go to the, go to the contact us segment on mental wealth alliance.org. And, and somebody will, will get back to you. Tell 'em exactly what you're looking for. I'm say, say, I'm looking for a culturally competent therapist.


That's it. Okay. All right. I, I'll give that a shot. All right, brother. Have a good one, man. All you too. All right, Don, get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. It's a new day. This is your time to get it off your chest. Wait, wake up. Whether you're mad or blessed, it's Time to get up and get something. Call Up now. (800) 585-1051. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Ani from Washington, DC What's up Iani? Get it off your chest. Yeah. First off, I want to say good morning to all three of y'all. I listen to y'all in the morning, y'all get me through and get on this ghetto government base every morning at 5:00 AM Jesus.


Oh, thank y'all. You just be happy. You still got a job. Yeah. Well, you know, these letters and stuff that comes out. That's what I wanna get off my check. This is real. You know, this, this, the emails that we get sent every day, the, the threats that we get sent every day. We have a meeting on a bi-daily basis about what to expect and whether or not you're gonna have a job or not. And it's real and it's frustrating. Where do you work at in the federal government? What, where do you work at exactly? The Navy Yard. I'm, I'm within the Navy And they just taking a wrecking ball to the infrastructure of the government. They're not even, you know, looking at what they're cutting. They're just making cuts, Making cuts, don't care none of that. Getting onto the Navy base could take you about 30 to 45 minutes.


First thing in the morning is already frustrating. Damn. And then you gotta come in and turn your emails on and you get a whole bunch of blasts of, you may need to respond to this or don't respond to this. If you don't respond to this, you know, Trump is going off and you may lose your job. This is, this is a problem. How distracting is that for you and just other people that work there. And when y'all are actually trying to do your job, You can't focus because you don't know what's going on. Prime example, we had a meeting yesterday, one girl, she did take the resignation offer. Unfortunately, there's no funding. She's not getting no money. She's upset. Oh. So she took the resignation officer office offer and realized that the resignation offer wasn't even a real offer because it was No money.


It, it, there's no money. Wow. So guess what? They don't get paid. Jesus. And she went off in the meeting in front of all the, you know, higher ups. And you know, that's a distraction for the rest of the day because that's all we talking about. She upset and mad. Right. On a scale of one to Kanye West on Twitter, how chaotic is this situation? Yeah, it's off the chart. Damn dang. It's off the chart at this point. Some of us, we Just say, we just this, we working for the ghetto and it fits the project. Damn. Yeah. I just don't understand how they can think that this is productive in any way, shape, or form. Not at all. Like, it's just not a sophistic sophisticated way to do things.


I don't have no problem with what, what Doge is doing in theory. Because once again, if you, you know, have ever studied history, you know that, you know, bill Clinton did something like this, you know, in the nineties with the National Partnership for Reinventing government. But it's a way to do it. Right? This isn't the way to do it. No. This is not the way to do it. No. Well, thank you Edmony. This is totally the wrong way. But to lose all my soldiers and federal workers out there, it's a lot. Well, we appreciate you. Yeah, man. For everything. You gotta work. You gotta work with federal agents. You gotta work with civil er, civil servants. You gotta work with people in the private, you know, sector, you know, and, and, and most importantly, when you decide to make cuts, you gotta work with Congress. You know what I'm saying? That's right Donna.


Good. A lawful way to do this. A constitutional, Good morning. Good morning. Good morning guys. Now Donna, you are a federal worker as well, right? Yes, I am. Talk to us And I wanna, you know, you guys used to give Elon Musk of the day, like, And I drive a Tesla. Like this is just, they're sewing so much division, so much anxiety. Right? Just because the low level workers are the ones who, who are being affected the most. Right? Let's be real. Everybody knows the people. All of these special authority hires that are making over 200,000 that haven't been in the office since Covid, you know who they are. So target them. Stop shooting at everybody. Mm. Like in my office yesterday, there was so much confusion.


Not to say that they're not working. We've been in the office through the pandemic after the pandemic. But it's just to, to know that if you don't, oh, what do I write if I don't write it right? Am I gonna have a job tomorrow? Like, these people are struggling. So I think it's all wrong. I think all of these politicians coming out saying, oh absolutely, he's right. What are you doing with your $250,000 a year that you make? Like, you get what I'm saying? Like, stop shooting at people who are really trying to pay their bills and took federal jobs to, to, to service the public, because that's what most of us do. So I think this is horrible. I think Trump needs to, to learn a lesson fast and take away his privileges, take away his Twitter privileges, whatever needs to happen.


Because this is disgraceful, Man. We thank you for your service. I I, I keep telling everybody, man, I'm just go study what Bill Clinton did in the nineties, man. His, his, somebody who used to work for him named Elaine Carmack. She said the difference between what we did and what they're doing. We cut fat and they cut muscle. That's what she said. She said, you know, we didn't have any meltdowns of agencies. We didn't have any dysfunction going on. And we obeyed the law and we thought something was wrong. We sent it to Congress and asked them to change it. That there's a, there's a smart way to do what Absolutely. Elon Absolutely. Or, or Doge says they want to do. This isn't the smart way. Well Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We got just what the mess coming up. What we talking about. We gonna get into Joanne Reed losing her job.


When we first heard the news, y'all knew she broke down and everything. But her last show last night on M-S-N-B-C, she stood on 10 toes. So we can get into that. Alright, we'll get into that. Next is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning. I forgot to tell y'all 8:00 AM We have a major announcement here on The Breakfast Club. Okay. 8:00 AM right before Donkey. Today we have a major announcement, so stay tuned. All right, well let's get to Jess with the Mess. Real Moore, Jess, don't Do no lying. Don't nobody Jess Worldwide Worldwide Method on The Breakfast Club.


She's a cultureship. She Was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it on. So before we get started on anything else, I know we wanted to pay some, some shed some light on Roberta Flack, the singer who died. Yes. Yeah. Just really quickly, we wanted to send a rest in peace to Roberta Flack. She is famously known for her rendition or singing, killing me softly. And she passed away. She passed away peacefully in her home, surrounded by family. She had been battling some health stuff. She talked about in 2022 that she had a LS so she had been battling that as well too. So I just wanted to take a moment for her. We do have her original rendition of Killing Me Softly, which I know a lot of people know from Fuji.


That's not a rendition though. That's the Og That's the original. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Oh. If I said it, if you interpreted that from what I said, that's not what I meant. That's the original. Okay. Yeah, she is the original. I said a lot of people may know it because of the renditions that, like the Fujis and stuff like that. Well, you learn something new every day. 'cause I had no idea that that wasn't the Fuji song. I told Eddie Yeah, I told Eddie that yesterday. No, when she passed away, I was like, wow, I did not know that. You know what, Emini here. So I've been going on a deep dive of her. First of all, she was r just Gorgeous. Gorgeous. Yes. I've been going on such a deep dive, so I just wanted to take that moment. Yeah. She, from The DMV area, she was a, a, a teacher and she taught Jazz in schools and, and helped out with communities that, that needed it. And then she became a singer and she, she's had a bunch of records That's a bunch of records.


So definitely recipes. The first time I ever saw your face. Yeah. First time I ever saw your face. She was 88 years old. Passed away at 88. Wow. She lived full life though. Yes. Joy Ann Reed. Yes. Her last episode on M-S-E-B-C was last night. Yes. So this news, she Wasn't playing, she wasn't crying last night. No, She wasn't on the show last night. She stood 10 toes down. I thought she was gonna get emotional Yeah. On it. The readout on M-S-N-B-C because last night was their last show on the network. But she did not. However, when the news was first announced Sunday night, the readout was abruptly canceled. On Sunday night, she came onto a 10 minute zoom call with women, black women. That's the organization that helped raise all that money for Kamala Harris.


Yeah. And she was speaking just about the impact of her show. And she did get emotional then. So let's, let's go back there and then we'll do what happened last night. Let's take a listen to her with women, with black women. My show had value and that, I'm sorry, what I was doing and value. And so what I will Just say is that in the end where I land is that the moment that I, of guilt that I felt that I went hard on so many issues, whether it was the Black Lives Matter issues of a young baby or a mom or a dad that was killed. Or when we opened up people's eyes to the fact that Asian Americans were being targeted and not just black folks that, or went hard for immigrants who've done nothing but come to this country like my parents and try to make a life whether it's any of these issues.


And where I come down on that is I'm not sorry, I am not sorry that I stood up for those things because those things are of God. Well obviously that's why her show is gone. She was just, because that's the same thing kind of happened with Don Lemon, right? Yeah. Emini here, people will argue. So for instance, not for instance, but when the announcement was made, they said that it was because of like the rearranging programming. Like kind of like we going in a different direction. We have new things coming. They are replacing her show with another show that Simone Sanders is on. But you know, there are people on the other side that are saying this is happening because Joy speaks out. She's is she's not going to fold.


She's not going. She she's telling people like, Hey, This what's happening Right now. Exactly. Yeah. Wakes people up to certain things. Exactly. And Rachel, so, so last night on M-S-N-B-C on the readout, joy Ann Reed, she came in pretty hot and heavy, you know, just, just talking about, you know, resisting certain things. Let's take a listen to her. I'm sorry, let's take a listen to r Rachel Maddow on whites losing their job because a lot of people feel like, oh, white's losing their job. Yes. Because a lot of people feel like the, the Joy and Reid thing that is happening because she's a black woman in a, on a network cable show that speaks and goes against the green. I will tell you it is also unnerving to see that on a network where we've got two count, two non-white hosts in primetime, both of our non-white hosts in primetime are losing their shows as is Katie Fang on the weekend.


And that feels worse than bad no matter who replaces them. That feels indefensible And I do not defend it. Yeah. So last night on M-S-N-B-C in that episode, when she opened, I didn't know what to expect. I kind of thought that it was gonna be like a, oh my God, I'm so sad. Like, and it wasn't that she, she was very strong in these things are happening. We are not gonna get around it and here's what we need to do. And I thought that it was a great program and people were given a network credit for being so gracious to her as she exited. But I thought that that was BS because if they were gracious, they wouldn't have canceled. Kept her voice on. But she's gonna be fine. I think that she can go to non-traditional, like she can go right to straight to social media like a lot of other people are doing right now. So, you know, wishing her all the best.


And I know there were a ton of people that were sending her some love and Angela Rye hashtag we need Joy and sent her some love as well too. Don Lemon was a big supporter her last night. A ton of people like Tiffany Cross. I I was, I was hearing people say that Tiffany Cross was actually there yesterday. Native Land podcast when Joy


was American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families. The preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit apu.apu.edu/military to learn more


American public university education that moves with


you. The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new total reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior style immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless. Apple CarPlay and panoramic moonroof make driving and kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the donning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks on. One question remains, is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, neighbors State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


Filming her last episode on M-S-N-B-C. Well it's, it's amazing though because it, it is still a good thing for her because over the five, 'cause she had a show what, five years? Yeah, about five years. Yeah. Yeah. Like all the people that she built up, the, the viewers and all of that, the fans stuff that she built up, they're gonna go wherever she go. Like I I do believe that. I agree, but I just wanna Know why that that is true and why everything y'all saying is true. Joy Reed will be fine. She can do whatever she wants because as you just said, Jess, she has an audience and whatever she chooses to do next, I pray her audience follows her. But I want to say this, I was reading, according to Nielsen Media Research, she lost half her viewers in December. 'cause M-S-N-B-C saw a 53% drop in primetime viewership after the election.


When you see stuff like that, the way everyone mobilized to watch her last night, right? They should have done that in December. Because when you have the numbers, it makes it very hard for folks to just get rid of you. So I wish that people would come together to support before something bad happens. Because last night wasn't, Wasn't until somebody gets fired, you know, support let go to come and support. When you see those numbers drop back in December, that's when everybody should mobilize and say, oh you know what? We gotta go support somebody who's always riding For us. A lot of people don't see those numbers though. I was gonna say, how was somebody supposed to know? People don't know those numbers, but I think until she is go, It's not like this information didn't go out there back in December. It also Too, I would Just say like, I, I make it a point, like she's one of the people I make it a point to tune into because I understand what she's doing and on the network that she's on, and just cable news in general.


Like especially right now with this new administration, they, it's slow. Like it's, it's, they don't want that. Right? Like a, a lot of times I feel like they don't want that. So I, I try and tune into her as much as I can actually on cable news and on streaming. But last night was such an event, I'm like man, I haven't felt like this since the pandemic. We haven't rallied like this since Don. Honestly, the last time it was With Don. Yeah, but don't once again, don't wait until the funeral to show up and tell everybody how much you loved him and, and, and to like, damn, why, why we always gotta meet when it's a funeral people. Right. You know what I'm Saying? With the Fur coat support support folks when they're on the air, when you see things like a 53% drop in Prime time viewership, that's when everybody should mobilize and say, you know what? We gotta show up to make sure those numbers are up so they can't just do what they just did to Joy Ann.


Absolutely. Alright. Crazy. And I just wanna let you know, my mom's texting me. My mom said that Roberta Flack, actually she won four Grammys, one honorary Grammy. So five and full and she was the young, one of the youngest students to go to Howard University. Wow. Age 15. Come on over The face. The flag got plenty of records. Y'all know the closer I get to you killing me softly. The first time I ever saw your face, I Don respect for my girl's name Some respect for name. She was like, I know y'all younger girl. Let let me school y'all girls real quick. Mom Emini here. They got records that are way older than y'all. Yeah. Emini here. First time I ever saw your face. That's just sixties. This is sixties. What? Hell yeah. The first time I ever saw your face. That's gotta be late sixties. But y'all know what's crazy is to, to your point of showing up before the funeral.


A lot of people, I was watching them in real time learn about her online yesterday. Mm. Because of the announcement of her passing. Yeah. I was one of 'em. So thanks mom. Lot of the times you Just don't know. Thanks Mama Envy. I know right? Mama Casey. All right. And I think it was the seventies Charlamagne The first time I ever saw your face. Late sixties, probably first Time saw your Face. Probably 69, Late Sixties could be. I think it was like 70. Go into the seventies was like 72. Y'all Can meet each other halfway. It was like 70 That up. We wasn't Alive, man. Thank you Lord. All right. Now when we come back, Morgan will be joining us for front page news. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy.


We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get back in some front page news. What's up Morgan? Yes, let's continue the conversation from the first hour. So speaking from the White House yesterday, president Trump says tariffs against Mexico and Canada, while they will move forward, he made the comments while speaking alongside French President Emmanuel Macron. It comes as a month long delay of their implementation will expire next week. Let's hear more from Trump as he moves those tariffs forward. We've been mistreated very badly by many countries, not just Canada and Mexico. We've been taken advantage of. We were led by, in some cases fools, anybody that would agree to allow this to happen to our country should be ashamed of themselves.


Now the the tariffs are going forward on time, on schedule. Yeah. So the two countries, Mexico and Canada could see 25% tariffs on all exports starting on March 4th, which is officially a week away. That'll be next Tuesday. So again, some of those items could be avocados, berries, all kinds of, of all kinds of food. Of course coming out of Canada, there's, you know, we have things that are impacting the auto industry. Steel, it's a lot. So, You know, Morgan, sometimes I can't keep up. I thought that they, they did that little dance, you know, a few weeks ago. But they did. But then Canada and everybody agreed to And he said he, he said he did the dance and y'all didn't, y'all didn't do what I needed y'all to do.


So, oh, I thought They did. I I thought they did do what he needed to. He's saying y'all didn't move. Like I need y'all to move. So guess what? The, the tariffs will move forward. That's essentially what's happening in there. How we know this ain't just another flex though. This ain't just another, You know what, Charlemagne, I ain't gonna hold you every day I come up here and I'll be like, this man better not change his mind before I get off air. Oh God. But we thought we, we, we really don't know. But as of right now, he did say he's gonna move forward with the tariffs 25% on Mexico and Canada and that should, that would be starting on exports next week, March 4th. So, And then they gonna hit us back and then the price of goods and products is just gonna go up more here in America. So That's right. It's more pain on the Americans, people's pockets. Yeah. And that's not efficient Doge.


Anyways. Alright, so switching gears House minority leader Hakeem Jeffries. He says Democrats have to stop the Republican budget plan from going through, appearing on CNN's State of the Union over the weekend. Jeffries said of only a few Republicans are needed to break ranks in order to prevent the government funding package from being approved this week, which could result in a government shutdown. Let's hear f more from house minority leader Hakeem Jeffries on the GOP budget. What we do know is that the Republicans have the House, the Senate, and the presidency. It is their responsibility to fund the government. This budget is a betrayal of working class Americans, of middle class Americans, and of everyday Americans.


And Democrats are gonna continue to make clear that we will stand against the effort to end Medicaid as we know it, stand against the effort to detonate social security of Medicare. Yeah, of course there are also looking at major tax cuts for billionaires in that budget as well. And so the New York Democrats said that reckless budget proposal would cut vital programs that Americans rely on. He also insisted that the Democratic party remains committed to opposing President Trump's agenda despite being a minority in both houses, both the house and both houses of Congress. Basically the House of Representatives and the Senate. Hey man, please keep Hakeem Jeffries off tv. Let Hakeem operate behind the tv. You keep saying that man. No, how we, why do you say that?


How, how do we turn Hakeem Jeff's TV off? Like, like he, he is Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer's son. He talks just like them. Same old ideologies in a younger body. He's not the messenger or the fighter we need in this moment. Gimme a OC, gimme Jasmine Crockett. Gimme Ayanna Presley. Like let Hakeem fight behind the scenes. It's like every time he get on tv, it's like the windshield wipers are going and it ain't even raining that I turn the tv. Y'all turn the TV off. All right, so speaking of New York, bringing things home to you guys, mayor Eric Adams, he su he is suing the Trump administration. We talked a little bit about this yesterday. Envy, this is over FEMA funds that were already paid to the city and then rescinded. So Adams says the $80 million that FEMA approved, paid, and then rescinded after the city spent more than $7 billion in the last three years is a bare minimum of our taxpayer, is the bare minimum our our taxpayers deserve.


And that's why we're going to ensure our city's residents get every dollar they're owed. Now, city Hall also noted that the federal regulations and terms of the shelter and service program grant terms, which is essentially what those funds, where those funds came from, or what the funds were supposed to go to, the shelter in service program, that the government actually violated the federal government's authority and obligations to implement congressionally approved and funded programs. Now Adams also is calling out fellow democrats for calling to push him out, pushing for his removal, saying it would have not been in sync with the country's values. Adams also praised Governor Kathy Hoko, New York governor Kathy Hoko and maintains that New York City is in fact a sanctuary city for migrants.


Let's hear more from New York City Mayor Eric Adams, The governor must make her decision to govern the state. I must make the decision to govern the city and there's gonna be things we're going to, we're going to agree on. They're going to be things we're going to disagree on, but we are going to come together and understand that we need to make this this a safe place for our children and families. The city is a, is a sanctuary city. You know, that's what the law requires for. So they should believe that is the case. But I cannot be any clearer if you come here thinking you're going to commit a violent crime, this is not the place for you. So yeah, he made those comments at a news conference yesterday and he rebuked his rivals, some of whom want his job saying removing him from office would undermine democracy and the will of the people.


Now New York governor Kathy Hool said she did, she chose not to remove Adams of course in regards to all of the drama that is surrounding him with the Justice Department and his charges that were dropped and or charges that were removed and things of that nature. Of course, the mayor continues to maintain his innocence and he denies it. That case, of course, has now been postponed indefinitely. So Yeah, I see they, they closing in the Roosevelt Hotel, which they said has a thousand rooms, which was nothing but migrants. And they said they processed over 173,000 migrants. They said they're shutting that down in, in about the next 30 days, which is in middle of Manhattan. Yes. And a apparently a a dozen other shelters by June as well. So this goes to, to that essentially what a Adams was saying about it being a migrant city.


But to this point, it doesn't seem like the migrants filled that confidence in Adams or the city. So the fact that what you said, the Roosevelt Hotel in Manhattan and dozens of others shelters will are expected to be shut down by June. The hotel on average received 4,000 migrants arrivals a week at one point, but that number has since dropped to 350 per week. So yeah. But the mayor, like I said, he, he insists that he, the the city still plans on providing humanitarian care. It doesn't seem like the city or the migrants in the city believe him. So, alright, I'll Keep you guys posted on that. But that's your front page news. Happy Tuesday. I'm Morgan Wood, follow me at Morgan Media and for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network.


Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@binews.com. Thank you. Thank you Morgan. All right, Morgan. Thank you. All right, well let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. Now Neil r and b Singer Neo, he was on Ricky Smiley show. He out here just wild and first of all, salute to Ricky Smiley. Yep. Salute to Ricky Smiley. When I say wildin Emini here, wildland in a good way though. Hm? Well I wouldn't necessarily say that. Well, this is, he was talking about his new relationship where he has four girlfriends and it Was three, but it's four. Now do your Kids have questions about that, about your relationship? Of course they do. And I answer them. Yeah. Okay. Honesty again, I'm not lying to nobody, not even my children. Hey, this is, this is daddy's girlfriend and so is that, and so is that, and so is that love?


You got no problems sister, sir. She gonna make you some cereal and she gonna cook lunch and, and she gonna wash clothes. Come on, come on. It's all good. This, it's family, it's community. All right, well Neo's ex, I'm talking About a clown from the pit of how Neo's baby's mom who has two children with Neo says it's disgusting and inappropriate. So let's open up the phone lines and ask (800) 585-1051. I will say it ain't for me, but it's fun to watch. Neo's Ex says that it's inappropriate for him to expose their kids to this type of relationship. What your thoughts Neo's saying, this is my life. This is who I am, they're my kids and I'm not gonna lie to my kids. And it is what it is. His baby mom's like, it's disgusting. He has daughters. What happened if his daughter thinks that?


Okay, that's okay. And maybe I could be one to a guy if he has three, four Yeah. Or five women. Then He also got four sons who's looking at this too. Who's, you know what, Emini here. Yeah. But, and, and while I respect that, he doesn't wanna lie to his children And I here 'cause he, there are his children, he can do whatever he want with his children. Right? You feel me? It's just still like, yo, that's, you gotta you gotta think about that. Like it's so that's programming your kids to, to think this is okay. Right? Especially it don't matter whether it's your daughters or your sons. It, it, it doesn't matter. This is not a good example in my opinion. No. So I agree with his baby mother. But the baby mother, she also was a person who he was being polyamorous with too before, like when he was married to Crystal, right?


He was cheating on Crystal with shorty. So Did they know, was it all one big happy family? No. No. Crystal didn't know. Okay. But Charade knew however that Sade is the mother, the the mother to the kids that got the problem with him introducing him to the full girlfriends. I do agree with throwing net in, but it's like, all right, you was once one of them too though. Damn. You know what Emini here. I just wonder how much money Neil got. You got four girlfriends and how many kids? Seven. God damn. Neil must be getting some paper. Paper. 800. Oh, it Don't even gotta Be 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. Do you think it's inappropriate for Neil to expose his kids to his new type of relationship? What kind of relationship is it called? Polynesian Poly Polynesian Polyamorous. Thank you. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1.


Let's discuss this. The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Pull your phone. Call in right now. Call me. Add your opinion to The Breakfast Club topic. Break it down. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. The Breakfast Club. Daddy calling my phone. Calling my phone, man. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ nv. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club if he's just joining us. We're talking about Neo now. This conversation comes salute to our bro.


Ricky Smiley and Neo was on his show and he talked about his new lifestyle. Do your kids have questions about that, about your relationships? Of course they do. And I answer them. Yeah. Okay. Honesty again, I'm not lying to nobody, not even my children. Hey, this is, this is daddy's girlfriend and so is that and so is that, and so is that you? I love you Got no problems sister. Sir. She gonna make you some cereal and she gonna cook lunch and, and she gonna wash clothes. Come on, come on. It's family, it's community. Well, Neo's baby mom Ade, what's her name? Burgis B I'm just gonna say B. Alright, Sade B. She says it, it's disgusting and she feels it's inappropriate for Neil to introduce their kids to his new lifestyle.


So the question is, what's your thoughts? And we'll start with you. I It is disgusting And I totally agree with her on the behalf of her kids. You know what Emini here? His kids like, yo, you're, you're showing them something that, that they shouldn't even be exposed to at these ages. You know, seven kids, I didn't even know he had seven kids, but like exposing them to that is, is crazy and it's inappropriate. However, it was also inappropriate and disgusting that this man was married after renewing his vows. You was pregnant. Right. You know what Emini here. And that's why Crystal was like, man f you after, after you, you begged me to stay and we renew our vows and everything and then now shorty over here pregnant. So charade, you knew a bunch of this too. You was once one of them girls too, but on the side of the kids and she's totally right.


So two things can be true at the same time. She was disgusting before and, and the behavior is disgusting to expose to their children. Right? See I, I believe different strokes for different folks, right? Whatever Neil does make himself, yeah, there's a lot of stroking. Whatever Neil does himself happy is cool. But I put myself in that situation if I have daughters, right? Yeah. That's not something I would want my daughters to see because kids are sponges, right? So they're gonna accept and they're gonna think it's okay for that. So the next guy that kicks it to your daughter or kicks it to you know, one of your children Yeah. Might feel like, oh it's okay. I could be one of many And I wouldn't want that for my my daughter. Yeah. And also for my son. I wouldn't want my son to have four different wives or four different, Nah, I ain't gonna say that.


I ain't, whatcha gonna say, I ain't gonna sit here and lie to you. Lie that guy. You know, that wouldn't be like, damn play god damn time have changed. No, you don't want that for your son man. Damn times have changed. Damn. Shut up Man. None son. Times have changed. I didn't know back in my day we didn't even weren't allowed those luxuries. What's wrong with you? So what's your thoughts? You would Be cool with that for your Son? I don't know if it's appropriate or not, but because everyone does what works for them, you know, do it, you know. But if, if your kids are gonna be around your significant other, regardless of how many significant others you have, I guess if you're serious about these women, they should meet your kids. I just dunno how serious you can be with four women. You know what Emini here, I don't see how serious you can be with four women. Like that's always the debate. Should your children meet your significant other When I don't know how serious you can be with four women.


So I don't know if these women should meet your children. Not What, what, what if you don't agree with that lifestyle Though? Yeah. And then what? What? Alright. And I know they met them. Alright, you, you introduced your kids to all four of them, right? If it was three shorty, it was another one that's on the rosta now she knew she made the cut, right? So are you explaining to them what this is like? Also if you're going to introduce them, explain to them what this is. This is called a polyamorous relationship. Teach 'em how to spell it. Teach 'em the ins and outs of it. Don't just introduce me to full and be like, yeah, one can make you pancakes. The other one can help you. Potty train. The Other one can be so confused when they go to Chick-fil-A. You know what, Emini here, Polynesian songs. My daddy got, wait a minute now. My daddy got some of that inside. Exactly. But Let's go to the phone line. But I will say I do feel like the future is gonna be Polynesian sauce relationships.


I think that's gonna be normalized. I do, I, I don't know about four, but I can see men in the future having, having, you know, two, two wives. Yeah. Emini here. Yeah, it's a lot of hurt people out there. I don't feel like polyamorous just came outta nowhere. I feel like that's, that comes from trauma in relationships or whatever. Like nobody just wakes up and just wants How big Neil can that big hat boy be with one? One girl? Oh my Goodness. Emini here. He need somebody to hold the hats Emini here. I guess that's, I don what I'm saying. I don know. It's just, it's weird to me. What's up man? What's your thoughts man? Hey, what's up? This the teach from Latin, South Carolina. Sorry y'all. How's everybody Doing? Salute to the eight forty three. Your phone sound a little funky though. What's up brother? Oh my apologies. Yo. Hey man, I just wanted to shout out what's wrong with it.


You know, polyamorous has been going on for eons. You got cats, you know, middle East, Africa, just throughout the entire world. It's true That it's going on and it's been, you know, benefiting the woman. If you being real because you got multiple wives in the home, that's multiple hands to help with the children, help cook, maintain the home. And if you're gonna be poly as a man, I feel like you expected to bring all the bread, help, you know, protect and all the things that come with that. So if, if he's making money, like you said Charlamagne, his son got bad kids and he's doing his thing, then I don't see no issues with everybody's happy, healthy eating. Hey, you don't think you don't and you don't think the Bible lied a little bit though.


The Bible said Solomon had 700 wives and 300 concubines, bro, come on now. Think about how your penis worked. The Bible, the Bible lied nine times. You know, the European mine said, you know, they, they rewrote that how many times, Hey, this be for real, but I'm not even going based off the Bible. I'm going face off of just how life, The World life. Yeah. That's How it is. Well, let me ask you a question, bro. You got a, you got any daughters? Yeah, I got two daughters. So would you mind if your daughter had, you know, had a man with, with with three other women, would that bother you? You know, that would be an interest subject, but I will see if everything you Just said it was cool, you just said it was okay. Or not even if she wanted. Right, right. Not even that though.


Not even that though. Yo what about your daughter having four, four different dudes? Yeah, I got four boyfriends. Daddy. Yeah. Oh nah, nah, that'll Work. Yeah. Laying down all four of 'em. Emmy, what's up? Like what It work like that Work? It does work like that. Nah, Nature. It's not the nature of Things. Nah, I don't know anything about that. Not the nature things. I do know what, what he is saying is true though. Emini here, you know, in a lot of African countries, men do have more than one wife. Like that's just, you know, polygamy Eon. Yeah, Buton. You can't Say that. And then you say if it was with your daughter, nah, nah, nah, nah. Not what You Just gotta show me, show me more than what I've been And I'm all for it. Show me. That's crazy. Yo. So it's only about the man, like the man can have full s but a, a woman can't have four men talking about, That's What I saying.


I would want two beautiful black women. Okay, that's still polyamorous. So Hello Maya. Hey Maya. What's your thoughts? Maa? Yes, I think Neo is trifling. I have not been feeling Miss Neo since his first baby mom. Manta, when he had kids with her and told her he wasn't gonna have no more. Made her get her two side just to get remarried and have more kids cheat on that wife have more kids. So, So how you gonna call him Ms. Neil? I Don't play. He out here slinging plenty of That's what he is. That's what he, that's what he acting life. That's what he acting life. He a little, he he's giving fasty and anxiety.


But not only that, I don't, I'm a mom a six. I don't pay about my kids. Like I don't have been different men and stuff around my kids. I feel like he's not a full time dad. So like deal with your women when you don't have your kids. That's my, yeah, that's my thing. Thank You mama. Yep. 805 5 1 0 5 1. If you just joining us, we're talking about Neo, he was on Ricky Smiley show. He was talking about his new polyamorous life where he has four girlfriends and his baby mother said it's disgusting and she feels like it's inappropriate to introduce their kids to his new lifestyle. We're asking what are your thoughts? 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


If y'all talking about it, you know, we talking about it, it's topic times Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club if you're just joining us. Neo was on Ricky Smile and he was talking about his new lifestyle. Let's listen. Do your kids have questions about that, about your relationship? Of course they do. And I answer them. Yeah. Okay. Honesty again, I'm not lying to nobody, not even my children. Hey, this is, this is daddy's girlfriend and so is that and so is that, and so is that you got no problems sister. She gonna make you some cereal and she gonna cook lunch and, and she gonna wash clothes. Come on.


It's all good. Come on. It's family, it's community. Well this baby mom said it's disgusting and she feels like it's inappropriate for their children to be introduced into this lifestyle. And we're taking your calls. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Jess is like, nah, no waste. Nope not Right. But what what's interesting with the lady, the last caller just said, she was like, yo, he's not, especially if the kids don't live with him, he's not a full-time dad. Emini here, he can't, he's an entertainer. Right. You know, he's an entertaining boyfriend too. Boyfriend of, of four women. So it's like he, they not with him all the time. So why can't you just have that time with your kids? Send them for, get them four different rooms or one room since they, they sleep in one house with you. Go send them somewhere. You know what Emini here, spend and spend the Week with your kids without him. Right.


And then you know what? Emini here. So they ain't even gotta be exposed to that. Let them get a little bit older before you know you do that. 'cause obviously this is his life and this is what he been wanted to do. I'll say this, he, when I listen to Ricky Smiley, he got all of 'em doing chores. He was like, yo, this one cooking the lunch, this one doing that. So they all fulfilling some type of duties, you know, while the kids is there. And that's cool. But, but I, but not the kids, you know, that's cool for them to do, but just spend your time with your kids. They ain't gotta be around my children. Yeah, I guess that's, that's what I, yeah. I just feel like, you know, I don't know how serious he could be taking these women to want to introduce them to hi to his kids outside of them doing nanny work. Right. Yeah. Just, you know what I'm saying? All Four of them. Like, like I, you can't introduce all of them to somebody that you love and care about.


Can you? I Don't know. I guess he is. Hello? Who's this Up? This is Darl from Detroit Darl. What up d what's your thoughts On the subject? I think if it's okay for those and whatever to introduce L-G-B-T-Q and topics in the schools to the children. I see it wrong with you being honest with yourself about your life with your no. All a taboo subject. Well, We don't agree with that either. Well, I I'm not gonna speak for nobody up here. I don't agree teaching LGBT No it's a lot that that's ha that's totally different. But I still don't agree with that either. Don't Agree with either, Jess. I don't, I don't necessarily agree with it either. If you can't control what your children see in school, you Right.


At least house. Okay. So I guess Darryl was saying if L-G-B-T-Q is introduced in school, this lifestyle should be introduced as well. If you have kids, you know, I, I know people will listen to that and get upset, but the reality is it's all subjective, right? Like, you know, like some people don't agree with L-G-B-T-Q and they don't feel it should be introduced to kids. Like, you know, like, so I I I understand the sentiment of what he's, he's saying, right? We have Mike. That's crazy. We have Mike on the line. Mike, good morning. Good Morning guys. How we doing at The Breakfast Club? What's up Mike? Talk to us brother. Man Neil is so selfish. He's greedy. Mm. He's trying to take all the women for himself. Good gentleman, players like myself can't, you know, find like-minded winner to get, you know, be on the same page.


Well maybe he's laying a blueprint for you brother. Maybe he's laying a B blueprint for you. Now you can say, damn when you talking to these ladies you be like yo, we can be on with with Neo and his ladies on. But he won call back. Ain't Ain't gonna talk to him. No, that's true. But I need him to call me back so I can get on game. Yeah, You don't even know Neil. He ain't calling him back. But you know what though? This guy's bringing up a good point. There's some questions that I have that only Neo can answer 'cause I'm not about to sit up here on this radio and knock Neo's lifestyle. If that works for him, that works for him. What question would you ask him? I just wanna know how he's pulling it off. I wanted to, first of all, financially just four women. He's pulling it off. I wanted, first of all, financially just four of them equal. And you got kids, do You leave maybe, Is there a main, is there a one and then that one and you dictate the other three.


Maybe It's days. How did you meet the other three? Like if I'm, if me and a, if me and a woman are like say me and my wife and a relationship and then we go pick up two others. Is it just me doing the picking up or does, is it a joint effort? Does the wo your wife couple? Yeah, I've heard of that. Yes. There are couples that actually go and scout out women to bring home. Yeah that happens. That's actually, that happens a lot in Baltimore. I've seen that. So maybe it's days like one. This one has Monday, this one has Tuesday, this one has Wednesday, this one has Thursday. And I saw him, All of them on Valentine's. Yes. All four of them. They travel with him at his shows. He kiss all four of 'em before stage before we go on stage Christmas. Gotta be expensive as hell. Crazy Valentine four is on Valentine's Day. But my thing is help each other. But what if they all have jobs?


What if he still make them work? Like come on, I ain't, come on now y'all still some they gonna have to pull they weight because you got seven kids and four women. That's 11 people to take care of. Push yourself. That's what I'm saying. That's a lot of money man. Hmm, That's a lot. Hello, who's this? Hi, this is Shy. Hey, good morning. What's your thoughts mama? Good Morning. I'm just calling to say that Neo should be ashamed of himself. He's delusional. We know those three pictures going around the internet of Neo that like no woman could sit there and say that he is has any sex appeal. So they're living in this delusional land Now, didn't you yesterday y'all say y'all like medium bubbly men. Yes they did. You could be ugly and sexy. He's none of the above. Like he has to face only a mother club.


I kind of Is. Hey y'all stop Neo. Not that damn ugly. She said not that damn ugly. Now you know you need to stop. So yeah, Emini here, once they get over this, this little phase in life and come out with their story, I just wanna see that to get, get through this. So I'm talking about the woman because this is disgusting. Neon was not attracted. The music box flats down the fa I'm sorry. No. So Let me ask you a question. If Mufasa had, if Mufasa had four women, Aaron Pierre, yeah. Y'all would understand. Don't Know. I don't think sexy either, to be honest with you. Who You think sexy. I'm sorry. Who? You think sexy. Damn well.


You like that Whoever It was, I wouldn. I wouldn't wanna be in a, I wouldn't wanna be in a party relationship. I, I just don't believe in that. I think that it's kind of like you, you wouldn't be doing that if you didn't have money. Let's be honest. Or they wouldn't be with it if you didn't have money. I'm sorry. Just like


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed delivering online apus programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates. So you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families. The preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's level tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit apu.aps.edu/military to learn more American public university education that moves with you.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple cart play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks impressive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career, maybe you're fresh outta college, just start in your field or even look at the switch things up. Add, find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Have you seen this new commercial from standup to all Hate it's Snoop Dogg and Tom Brady spewing hate at each other. But when you really listen to them, the reasons are just so stupid. This one really stopped me. It's a strong reminder that hate in our country continues to be out of control. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out and learn more by following at what's up with hate.


Now Emini here, everything is kind of for like, it's a lot of cl chasing going on these days. That's what I'm saying. He ain't even really gotta have money, it's just to be in a limelight. A lot of people just like the fact that they, they're talked about one of Neo's girlfriends. You don't think them girls doing something on the side. You think all of them loyal them. Why the, we Know it came for a new zoo show or something, but It could be money. Like, like we talk about how bad it is out there, how expensive eggs are and how expensive rent is and all that stuff. Gonna get you a big egg hat after eggs so expensive. I gotta go get me a big egg hat ass boy. That's right. That's right. And all I gotta do is is be with him and do a couple chores Emini here. I feel you. I got rent, I got car. Money is Definitely, I got money, I got bags, I got clothes.


I could just sit back and relax. I gotta do help this little kid with homework. You right. I, I ain't listen, I understand why the mother of his child feels that way but I have no reason to feel, I completely understand why the mother of his child feels that way. But me personally, I just got some questions for Neil. I just wanna talk to the brother. That's, he just, I ain't judging you. I actually, I'm actually kind of intrigued like damn player, you pulling off what some people think could be their wildest dreams. That's right. That's living your ancestors wildest dreams because your ancestors used to do things like this. That's A Lot of eating on Valentine's Day. This, that's a lot of work. Yeah, Well I know he probably gonna come up here when I'm here so I'm gonna have to, it's gonna be one of them days I'm off. 'cause I called all his girlfriends clowns, all three of 'em and then you wanna go get a fourth one.


So now I gotta call her clowns here 'cause the other three come like, how did they call us clowns But she ain't call up when A clown. So now you calling him all clowns. Yeah, And I know he, he do not like when people be talking about him Neo do not like when people talk about him. He dope. Really? Yeah. He's a good Dude though. He's a Really good person. No, he is a really good, good member. I told you he was my Friend but I Didn't realize my friend was like this. I didn't realize it. And we gotta respect the honesty. Right. He not lying to none of these women. I said that in the beginning. I was talking about lying. Not not about the women, he wasn't lying. He didn't wanna lie to his kids. And I get that. Who was in the, who was the girl in the video saying calling him Diddy Junior that time. That was Funny. That was s that was the baby mother, the one that said that she Can't believe that was all. That's disgusting that he introduced him. All Right, well she sure did. All right, well we got just with the mess coming up.


Yes. Mag the stallion want her team to pull up to the jail to question Tory Lane. All right, we'll get to that next, if we play a neo song. What neo song you want to hear? Mm You sexy Love. Sexy love. That's my favorite neo song I that I love Sexy love. Mm. Does it make you feel different because you for four different women I No. No. Hell no. I still bump the ne like yeah, but I like the one where he say the girl made the hair stand up on the back of his neck. How sexy Love. Sexy Love Love sexy love. Okay step. Okay, let's get into Sexy Love. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's D classic there right there. NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are the B alone. Miss She get you at least two girlfriends. I don't know about four. You should at least be able to have two. All right, well let's get to Jess with the mess.


Real Jessica, Robin Moore. Jess don't do no lying. She don't nobody Worldwide. Jess worldwide mess on The Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it off. So Nia girl not Neo, we still want her head girl. No. Anyway, so Megan want these people to pull up her team to pull up to Tory to question him. Yes. What's going On? Yeah. So me thee stallion's attorneys are asking, or they did ask if they could depose Tory lanes, which is where they pull up.


They ask him a bunch of questions under oath while he's in prison as a part of a defamation in cyberstalking lawsuit that they have against a blogger who they say is working with to Lane. Now we covered this in part before where we talked a bit about the blogger and basically they're saying that Toy Lanes was paying this blogger and other third parties to spread negative things about Meg thee stallion. So they sent that request out and Tor Lane spokesperson actually issued a statement that said basically they never agreed to because there were report, there was the conflicting reports. So after that came out, then there were reports like, oh Tory's team agreed to it, it's going to happen. He's gonna be able to do it. And then Tory's team came out and said no we didn't.


They came out and said they basically are saying Meg thee stallion's lawyers continue to try and give the appearance that this case against a blogger is successfully is successful by using different mouthpieces or people in the media that they saying are like feeding out this information. They're saying that they never said that he could be depose talk. Oh sorry, they're saying that they that he never said that. Wow. That that's make a difference. Woo. On the radio. I should know that they're saying that he never, they never agreed to him being deposed because he's not a party to the lawsuit in question with the blogger. So why would they allow for this to happen? But when it dropped people were like, this is crazy. Like the boy is locked up up like why would you even wanna Yeah but I think it's just them trying to, you know, do their due, do due diligence and get all the information that they can because they're trying to figure out like what, what was the source of these payments that they're alleging happened between the blogger, whatever, in this defamation lawsuit.


Hmm. So that was like a little back and forth yesterday online between Tori's team, some media outlets And I had Also saying something. He was making music and then it was a, a fight that broke out in the back. Yes. And we had that that On. He did not stop rapping. That was probably didn't, He's probably gonna be on the song Yo. And he said keep the, keep the camera going. Let's take a listen to Tory Lane's in prison. That was crazy. Freestyling and then a whole like fight breaks out behind him. Hmm. Alright, tell tell me. Right. So I'm, I'm right now I gotta go up. Ready, ready, ready. Hey I can't say I'm the same from last year. You can see the pain in some eyes And I can't mask it. We was cutting metal off the bunk so we could stash it 500 on his, make him do gymnastics. Seen that nigga run up to the yard and he got back flip, crying the cell many. And I said I got trapped in alert him.


And I got That was somebody that was tired of that. Imagine being a nigga that just got life in jail. This Nigga always rapping, Raping and they was trying to get to him. I'm sick of it. Sick Of it. Yo. So what you heard was My way. If you can do all that, you can answer this deposition and do this interview Megan team needs you to do. You can Do. That's more like an interrogation though, ain't it? That's like heavy interrogation. They gotta do that for hours.


They gotta deposition. That's what his Deposition is. Right. All only got the time right now. You're right. It's true. Big time. Yeah you're right. Now what you guys just heard was Tory Lan was on a like a FaceTime call with somebody from prison and there's like a fight that breaks out in the background and he's not involved in but they start like spanning pepper spray. You can hear him say yo they just paid this. They just sprayed the pepper spray. I guess they're trying to like break up whatever is happening. He's Still rapping. He literally says don't stop recording. Yeah. He stopped rapping at at one point though. We gonna hear this though. Watch, watch she gonna use it. He's known to say like he gonna sample that fight. Yeah. And use it. But more rapping game was rapping girl game was rapping. We got, we got a little bit of time 'cause they was being a little disrespectful to my girl. Tina Know this is so disrespectful to Miss Tina Knowles.


Absolutely. I am very saddened that I had to report this this morning and Kanye Is behind it. Exactly. So Kanye West in The Game, I guess they are dropping a song called Tina where they sample Tina Turner. But in promotion of doing so, they're trolling Miss Tina Knowles in a very disrespectful way. Crazy. Let's take a listen to the sample that he posted of gang rapping and then we'll get into the story. Let's go. Destiny was stressing me out nervous my stomach could knot. So I took a couple of shots.


I think I ripped off the, They Doing a song about Tina Knowles. So I don't know like how so, okay, first of all, in the beginning of that sampled music that you hear that The Game was rapping over, that's Tina know's audio from when she did the Jennifer Hudson tunnel. Yeah. She walked I Remember. Yeah. Yeah. So I don't know if the song is really fully about her or they just reference her a little bit 'cause we can't hear the full song yet. But what I didn't like was in promotion of it, they posted her gen Kanye posted her Jennifer Hudson tunnel walkthrough. Right. And the caption was game game finna slide for the guys crazy. And then he posted a DM to Miss Tina knows it's a banana peeled and the caption says this is game's phone.


And it's like, bro this is Miss Tina knows. That's crazy. Put some respect on her. Yeah. Like yes she does. 'cause game commenting under one of Kanye's post says she looks so good. Like basically for her age she looks amazing for 46 years old with the fire emojis. Right. Tina Knowles is 71 Years Old too. And I think he's being, you know what Emini here, He's a banana And I just saying Lane with people's moms. Yeah, but it's Miss Tina Knowles. Like it's just, I feel like you just don't play with her. And One of the producers up here, Brandon, he was like, I ain't think that was disrespectful. Like because because he is used to the eggplant being used as the the penis or whatever. Right. But my thing is all right, even if it wasn't supposed to be sexual, I'm what they calling her a monkey? Like, 'cause the banana like what, why, why I get what is banana? You Know what I'm saying? I feel like if you talking about you, you gonna slide on Miss Tina nose and you post a banana, you know what you, What what that means.


Yeah. Yeah. And I don't like that. Don't disrespectful her. Y'all realize the only thing keeping Kanye West's going is the media. Right? Like you don't have to acknowledge him. You don't even gotta talk about him. Like why talk about a clown? That's Why he keep doing stuff Like that. Exactly. So he so you, so you talk about him and Game just had to be somebody is noticing him Emini Here, but if it's there, it's fair game. It is. But You don't, no pun intended. It is. But You give him what he wants. He's only doing these antics just for you to talk about it. If we don't talk about 'em, someone else will. So I just Don't, I just don't like that because if somebody, if somebody did that to, to Kanye's mom, he would wall out. Right. He would flip things. He would back flip. Johnny mom wasn't here And I here, but, but even though if his mom was here and he and somebody did something to his mom like that, or even the fact that she did pass and somebody did play with his mom's name period, he would wall out.


Yeah. You don't play with people's moms, you don't play with people's kids. And he know that. That's crazy. But, and that's j mother-in-law. That's supposed to be your peoples at one point Kanye just Ain't never been punched in the face. Obviously. That's just the reality of the situation. You can always tell people who've never gotten a punched in the face. Obviously Kanye West is one of those. It's Crazy 'cause you got punched and you still be getting crazy because He ain't get punched in his face that was in the back of his seat. No, but That should tell You something. He ain't gonna get disrespectful with somebody's mother or somebody's face Ever. You actually the sweetest person ever behind the scenes. You would Say that girl what? Please, He such a southern sweet person behind the scenes. Bye on Camera. He like, oh really? Is not too, you tell That lie. Let's wrap it up. I ain't lying. Okay, let's wrap it up. Will You gimme your donkey Too?


First of all, we got a special announcement and then we're giving donkey the day to Enrique Rio. We'd like to have a word with him. Alright, Well let's get to that now and let's get to that announcement. You saying Zy three, Wake up, you're locked into The Breakfast Club. This is a miracle. There Is no question that there are problems in this country between police and community. Yes, you are a donkey. The latest on that police killing of a black man. Now a new developments in the Deadly Spa shooting Rampage. Man, yesterday was a really bad day for him and this is what he Did. And so we are in a state of emergency, Okay? White supremacist violence is always has been the number one threat to our society.


But I'm also very proud that my wife was white. The Breakfast Club bitches. Alright, Charlene, please tell me why was I your Donkey of the Day? Yes. Donkey of the Day for Tuesday, February 25th, goes to Enrique Tario, if you don't know the name, he is the former leader of the Proud Boys, not just the former leader of the Proud Boys, but a former leader of the proud boys who was sentenced to 22 years in prison because he was found guilty of helping coordinate the insurrection that happened on January 6th, 2021. Now this is what I don't understand about some of you Patriots. Okay? And I put Patriots in air quotes. What I don't understand about you all is do you respect law enforcement or not? Because if you respected law enforcement, then ex capital police officer Michael Fanon wouldn't have gotten dragged into the mob that stormed the capitol on January 6th.


That police officer was attempting to defend the capitol from these domestic terrorists we call vanilla isis. And he was dragged into the mob, beaten and tased until he suffered a heart attack. That, that don't sound like true patriotism to me. Okay? True. Patriots show their love and respect to law enforcement and true patriots respect the capitol building that is a worldwide symbol of democracy. But Enrique Rio doesn't care about any of that because he was given a second chance by Donald J. Trump. The man was pardoned by 45, 47. So he doesn't have to spend 22 years worrying about someone storming the capital of his anus. Stop. The steal takes on a whole new meaning in a prison shower.


Okay? But what happens when a pardoned former leader of the proud boys sees an ex capital police officer in the street? You would think that maybe just maybe Enrique would've learned something from his brief stint in prison. You would think he would reflect, you would think that Enrique would've said to himself, you know what? Law enforcement was just doing their job. We were being idiots. And I'm so grateful to have a second chance at life, so let me mind my business. But no, a potential dialogue opportunity turned into a confrontation. Let's listen. You were powering that day. You were powered after, let's go home, let's go home. You're a traitor of this country. Yes, sir. You fired your ass. And that's why you all People a little failure run from me.


Run me, run from me. You could say that while you're over there, Enrique, do you know you are absolutely wrong. You are absolutely wrong on January 6th, and you are absolutely wrong in how you handled former capital police officer Michael Fone. Just know okay, that he is a member of law enforcement, former member of law enforcement, but still a, a, a member of law enforcement. Okay? He's a, a member of law enforcement, a public servant who took an oath to protect and serve the capitol. And that's exactly what he did. And y'all beat on that man for doing his job, tased that man for doing his job and caused him to have a heart attack for doing his job.


Michael Fanon, you heard in the audio just now, he used the right and exact language when, when talking to Enrique, you are a traitor to this country. You orchestrated a coup to overthrow the results of an election and you are making your president Donald J. Trump look like a fool because he said January 6th was the day of love. He said, you all were patriots. Where is the love, Enrique? Where is the respect for yourself? Where is the respect for your president? And the pardon he gave you. Okay? All you did with this stunt was make him look crazy for even pardoning you in the first place. Okay? It's people right now who think you should be in prison with Kool-Aid on your lips identifying as someone's prison, babe. Okay? In fact, insurrections and orgies have one thing in common. If you don't have a real plan, which y'all didn't, it ends up being just a bunch of dudes standing around with nothing to do but each other.


I don't even know why my brain works like that. But the moral of the story is, Enrique, you got hit with 22 years because you helped orchestrate the chaos of January 6th. You got a sweet deal with a pardon? Do you know how many nonviolent drug offenders in prison right now would love to have a pardon? And instead of humbling yourself, you out here with your chest out like you did a bid for something honorable. Look man, this isn't about politics, this is about accountability. Okay? Enrique, you are the poster child for ungratefulness. You got a blessing, a blessing in the form of a pardon. And instead of falling back, staying low, letting time pass, you chose to still be on BS with a former police officer who almost died because of foolishness. You helped to orchestrate.


Please remember Enrique, you got pardoned, okay? Not exonerated. If you are seen as a traitor and clown, guess what? You earned that. Okay? You planned an attack on the capitol, you inspired people to go to war over a lie that the election was stolen. And what makes it worse? You didn't even go get your hands dirty with them on January 6th. Ugh. Please let Remi ma give Enrique Terio the biggest heehaw Heehaw heehaw. You stupid mother. Are you dumb? That's right. All right. It's crazy. You ain't here with that norovirus. I I know that Norovirus when I hear it now. Yeah, she usually got a mask on. I'm she chilling with nothing on today. What? What's up man?


Coughing. You like that? Just sneezing that direction. You can't be sneezing to me now. I got places to be. Alright. Okay. Like the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival, which is happening Wednesday. No, Saturday, April 26th. Okay. Tickets go on sale tomorrow, Wednesday, February 26th at 12:00 PM Eastern. Okay. The Trap Nerd Podcast. Good Moms Bad Choices podcast, the Naked Sports Podcast with Carrie Champion, the RB Money podcast with Tank NJ Valentine, and the Woman of all podcast, which Sarah Jakes Roberts. Okay. Tickets on sale February 26th. Tomorrow 12:00 PM Eastern Saturday, April 26th, Pullman Yards, Atlanta, Georgia, hosted by Mandy b and Weezy third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival.


We'll see you there. That's right. Shout To Louis V. He'll be DJing next. My guy Louis v will be providing the soundtrack. What up Louis Drop on a Close Bonds for Louis V. Now let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. Elon Musk sent out a email to all federal workers asking for the list of what they have accomplished at their jobs in the last week. All right, so we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We wanna hear from federal workers. Actually, please man, Amani from DC she called earlier this morning. She's works at the naval yard and this is what she said this morning when she called in This, the emails that we get sent every day, the, the threats that we get sent every day.


We have a meeting on a bi-daily basis about what to expect. First thing in the morning is already frustrating. Damn. And then you gotta come in and turn your emails on and you get a whole bunch of blasts of, you may need to respond to this or don't respond to this if you don't respond to this. You know, Trump is going off and you may lose your job. Prime example, we had a meeting yesterday, one girl, she did take the resignation offer. Unfortunately there's no funding, she's not getting no money. She's upset. Oh. So she took the resignation off office offer and realized that the resignation offer wasn't even a real offer Because it was no money. It It, there's no money, Man. Salute to all the families out there being affected by the federal funding cuts, man. People with disabilities, veterans elderly people.


I was telling you earlier, one of my homies was telling me about Easter, Easter Seals and how Easter, Easter Seals got gutted. If you don't know what Easter Seals is, it's an American 5 0 1 nonprofit that provides disability services with additional support areas serving veterans and military families, seniors, caregivers. And you know, one of my man's children used to go there three days a week. Now they can only go one day a week. Wow. Because of all the, the, the, the, the cuts that have happened. So, man, so just through to all the families out there being affected by what's happening currently. Alright, well let's open now. Federal Government. Let's open up the phone lines. We wanna talk to the federal workers this morning. I wanna see how this is affecting you. We just wanna hear from you this morning. All right. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1.


A lot called in early this morning. I know a lot of on their way to work, a lot of them start their job at nine. So we'd love to talk to you on your way in morning if they Blessed to still have one. If they, yeah, if they blessed to still have one. So let's, let's discuss when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Daddy, My phone call, Man. It's topic time. Call 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ nv Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now you just joining us, we are taking your phone calls. (800) 585-1051 asking to speak to you.


Federal workers out there. I know a lot of you guys are heading to work this morning. Elon Musk recently put out an email, emailed all the federal workers and asked them if they, he wanted their accomplished jobs. He wanted to see what they're doing, what your job is, what you accomplished in the last week. And then they were gonna put your job compliments through AI and decide if I guess your job is valid or if you really aren't working And good to all the Republicans pushing back on that, the Cash Patels of The World, the Tosi Gabbard, the Pete Hef. I don't care how you feel about them. I'm just glad they told their employees they ignore Elon Musk. And I told y'all a couple weeks ago, and this is all I do. You, you, you listen to people, you find out what's going on in The World. A couple weeks ago when I was at my daughter's cheerleading competition in Maryland, the amount of federal workers that was coming up to me telling me that they either were lost their job or they were about to lose their job because of what Doge is doing, was unbelievable.


Right. And, and you know, that's why I just wanna salute all the families being affected by the federal funding cuts. I told y'all about my homie who was telling me about Easter, Easter Seals. Easter Seals is a program that provides disability services. One of his kids goes to therapy, used to go three days a week. Now they only go for one now, right? Because Easter, Easter Seals just got gutted. And I'm not against what Doge is doing, you know, I'm against how they are doing it. That's the thing. It's a, it's, it's a constitutional, lawful way to do, to do what they want to do. And all you have to do is look at Bill Clinton's national partnership for reinventing government on how to actually do it in a real way. Well, let's go to the phone lines. We got a bunch of federal workers on the line, please that wanna what's your name? Yes, Good morning. I wanna stay anonymous, but I do work for the federal government.


All Right, well, Can you at me tell us where Yes. In Florida, Miami, Florida. Okay. No Emini here. Like what branch? Like what do you do in the government? Oh, a Department of Human Services. Okay. Okay. Now what's up? Give how you, how are you feeling? Did you get one of those emails? Talk to us. Yes. I got the email And I honestly feel like this is a great opportunity to outline what you as an employee bring to the comp, you know, bring to the federal government and if it's really good what you outline, they could give you an opportunity to get a promotion or something. Like, God forbid they ask you what you've done, any other job, they'll ask you at the end of the week, at the end of the month, you, because I used to do bookkeeping.


Okay, so what did we do? You know, at the end of the month, what are the clients that we have to, you know, gear towards too? So at the end of the day, God forbid anybody make any, and it is a democratic thing, it's like, I don't wanna get the parties into it, but they don't wanna go to work. They wanna work from home. People are not working from home. You know, this is what you signed up for. If you don't like it, resign, re you know what I'm saying? They gave you the opportunity to find another job. Emini here, it's not that hard. You're complaining about actually working. I don't get it. I'm not mad at your perspective. That's why, that's why I like talking to people. I like talking to people And I like talking to people who are in it because everybody sees things a different way.


I wonder, do you, I haven't heard this perspective, do you feel Like there are a lot of people that are not working that are, are taking days off? I, I guess exactly. Absolutely. What I'm, absolutely. I worked, I worked for home and do you know what Donald Trump got? The, the, the gadget idea because Elon Musk, he fired like 80% of the Twitter people or Tesla people for his company. Because you can buy a gidget, a gadget that actually shakes up like you're at the desk, but you're really not working because the computers, it shuts off if it's non activity within like five minutes. So it requires you to actually work from home. But it's gadgets around that and the people are actually buying it and using it and not working.


And this is our taxpayer's money. And you have to work. Yeah. You don't like it at another job. I understand what you're saying, but you can't just take a wrecking ball to the infrastructure of the federal government and just start firing people all willy-nilly. Because what about those people who work at the, the, the, the what it was the, the nuclear workers who they fired and then ended up realizing like, oh, we need these people or the people who work at the, I think it was the usda a yes. That's totally different who are overseeing the bird flu. You can't just fire em. I agree. Right? I agree with you on that. But the people that's complaining about writing an email, it's gonna take, what, five minutes outta your day? 10 minutes. And I read on Twitter, a guy was complaining, oh, it's gonna be an hour. It takes you an hour to write five things that you completed.


Okay, maybe you do need another job. Oh, so you agree with it? Okay. Thank you mama. A great perspective. I'm not, that's why you gotta talk to people. Stop talking about people you never talked to. Well, you know, a lot of people feel like after Covid, a lot of people take that quote unquote time working at home and they don't really work. And a lot of people have been saying that for the longest time. But then when people are forced to come back, they say, well, because mental health reasons, I don't wanna come back. And a lot of jobs are saying we lose a lot of money because they feel when people work with each other, they get more done, they get more Accomplished. Yeah. But, but it's not like Elon Musk is talking to federal agents and civil servants and private sector experts to do this. They're just going in and slashing. Let's take more calls. Can we take more calls? Yep, Of course.


Hello? Who's this? This is Re Hey, re, good morning. Hi, you a federal worker? I am. Now it says that In what department? I work for the va. Okay, now it says that you were terminated and then brought back. Yes. Tell us about it. What Happened? I'm wrongfully terminated those emails that you have been hearing about going out where as a probationary employee due to performance terminated. And my performance evaluations have been nothing more than outstanding. Employee terminated and then don't, they don't Want you to talk. Then they turned around And now your phone sounds a little crazy. Turn. Do you have us on speaker or, or Bluetooth on you? I don't, I don't. I took it You spitting too. But we, it is going in and out. I know. We can't really get you too much, mama.


Damn. I want to hear this story too, because there's, Can you hear me? We can. Okay, we can hear you. But keep going and out. Just go, go, go, go. Okay. So they terminated me, then they brought me back and then, okay. That I might receive another termination email, not to phone call. And I just wanna say, it's just so stressful, the expectation of the worker out that you give your absolute best to the veterans and their families and you in a day. Yeah, we can't. We can't. And that you are, you have no idea what's going on with your job. It's hard. I get the gist of what you're saying. She works for the va. She got fired. Yep. They Brought it back and They had to hire her back. And that's the problem. That's what happens when you're not actually doing this with efficiency. You know what Emini here, like when I keep talking about what Bill Clinton did in the nineties, he, he worked with federal agents, civil servants, private sector experts, and they actually went in with a fine tooth comb to see where the waste was and what they could eliminate to make the government more efficient and more cost effective.


That is not what Elon Musk is doing currently. Well, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We would love to talk to all the federal workers out there. Call us up right now. How are you feeling with these emails? Are you for it or you're against it? Let's have a conversation. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Maybe If y'all talking about it, you know, we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now if you're just joining us, we're opening up the phone lines and talking to the federal workers out there.


Elon Musk send out two emails asking federal workers what their jobs are. And then I guess what they're gonna be doing is they're gonna be putting their, their answers in AI to see if they're actually doing their jobs or not, if they should be fired or not. So we're asking con federal workers, how do you feel? Hello, who's this? This is Maddie Mad Talk to us. So I'm a social worker with the Department of Veteran Affairs, And I think this is causing unwarranted Pain.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCs moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online a's programs. Make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit apu.aps.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold. Try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless, apple car play and a panoramic moonroof makes driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like Intelligent All-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even look at to switch things up, add find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


Have you seen this new commercial from Standup to all Hate? It's Snoop Dogg and Tom Brady spewing hate at each other, but when you really listen to them, the reasons are just so stupid. This one really stopped me. It's a strong reminder that hate in our country continues to be out of control. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it, if you see hate speak up, call it out and learn more by following at what's up with hate,


Panic, and chaos. Just to get people to quit so that they can save money. Emini here, that email we received saying state five bullet points, who's reading these 2 million plus emails and has enough knowledge of each job description to know if what somebody replied even can, can be determined as efficient. Well, they're putting it through ai. They said allegedly, they're putting it all the emails back through AI to see if it's, I guess, proficient. I don't know how AI would figure that out, but yeah, they, they're allegedly putting it through ai. See, I haven't heard anything about that part. It's been a lot of confusion. You know, we're being told don't answer, then we're being told answer. And it is just, I think it is just calling a lot of extra undue stress on people who are already stressed enough And y'all are actually working, trying to keep our government going every single day.


There's so many people that depend on what it is that y'all do. You like, y'all don't need that. That right, that, that extra stress for no damn reason. Right? We don't Emini here. Like me, for instance, I work with homeless veterans and it's already stressful enough trying to make sure they're housed, have food, can pay their bills, and now we trying to worry about it, we gonna be able to pay our own bills. Mm. Well thank you so much, mama. Hello. Who's this? Oh, I'm calling for The federal. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Give us your opinion. Yes sir. I am a federal worker with the Internal Revenue Service. Okay. And I completely feel the girl, what she was saying earlier this morning because from day one, from the time that he signed those papers, we have been getting bombarded with emails, like either we're gonna answer something or we're not gonna answer something or we're gonna lose our job.


Or we're, you know, what, Emini here, whatever it, it's been up until last night, we had, we were told all day that we did not have to respond to that email, but that was given over the weekend. But at five o'clock we get another email stating that we do have to answer back to it and we have to cc our manager in and we got, we have to answer it. And if we don't, we can jeopardize and we're taking it as a resignation. Emini here. It's just been a whirlwind, a whirlwind. And it is, I I, I never been put in this position where I have to choose between if I'm gonna take the job Emini here or if I'm gonna take a resignation or, you know, and not, and, and, and have to really think about that.


And I just think that, I think it's sick that somebody like Elon Musk would get on social media Sunday and say, I'm just sending these emails 'cause I want to see who has a post. You know what Emini here, I wanna see who responds. But We, we deal with these, we deal with taxpayers every day. And it's crazy because I'm even on the phone with these taxpayers and they're asking us if we're good and if we're gonna lose our jobs and they feel so sorry for us. And hopefully y'all keep y'all job. Like, and they're getting alerts that, oh, y'all got all these layoff. Like, who wants to hear that while you're working? Absolutely. You're right. Now you said you work for the IRS, what do you do for the IRSI deal with accounts, basically the individual accounts.


Meek Mill got some questions for you, some question for you. I don Dunno if you heard She did, but she laughed. I know she, what he said. And even with answering those questions about what we do every day, like Emini here, we, we do so much. It's like, okay, what, what don't we do? It's a question like, Well we appreciate your service, man. Thank you so much. You are very welcome. You guys have a wonderful day. Have A blessed day. You too. And, and I'm telling you, I am not against what Doge is doing. I'm against how they are doing it. You know what I'm saying? All you gotta do is read about the National partnership for reinventing government that Bill Clinton did in the nineties. And you will see that there is a lawful constitutional way to do this.


IIII was reading about Elaine Carmack who used to work for Bill Clinton back then, and she said the difference between what we did and what Doge is doing. She said we cut fat and they cut muscle. She said we didn't have any meltdowns of agencies, we didn't have any dysfunction going on. And most importantly we obeyed the law when we thought something was wrong, we sent it to Congress and asked them to change it. Do is not doing any of that. All Right, well we got Justice The mess coming up. What we talking about Meek Mill is, is fighting for his life with these taxes. He said he made 2 million and he gotta pay 2.8. So something's going on. All right, well we'll get to that next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to Jess with the Mess. News is Real hilarious. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. She don't, nobody Worldwide, just worldwide mess on The Breakfast Club. She's a ship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to See. It's time to set it off. So how McNeil gonna pay more than what he made In taxes? Yeah, I listen, don't give me the line. Maybe this is above my taxes bracket.


You Didn't reach out to the IRS And I did not Them people assume. Some people I not wanna talk to. Right. So Meek Mill tweeted that the IRS he, I'm gonna read his tweet verbatim. IRS made me pay 2.8 m from from 2013 And I only made 2 million. How do I fight that? I've been paying my taxes since I was 23 years old. Paying dang near 3M out your pocket randomly is stressful. Hmm Hmm. I didn't know you could pay more in taxes than what you made. Neither Did I. You can't. And It's like, why? It is like all them people that be around me, I don't know who he's around, but I know he knows some, some good people, some smart people like grew like there you go. You know what, Emini here, I don't know what, why wouldn't you call somebody and ask somebody?


Now Busey always go online and ask them for stuff, you know, but stuff like that. Why, why don't you have anybody that can advise you? Well, he just don't call his financial advisor Boost. Figure it out. He Don't have one. What probably happened was, you know, the IRS can go back three years, maybe it was three years of money that was owed in his penalties and fees and interest. Or he could have made $2 million on the quote unquote books. And then if he deposited any type of cash into his account, they charged him for that. Which would've been more than a $2 million he made on the book. So let's say he has a show and, and you, you performing and you put 20, 30, 40, 50, 60, a hundred thousand in your account. Right? And you don't claim that. Oh they'll, So you would've made more than 2 million then On the books? Yes. I, I asked my business manager yesterday.


'cause when I see stuff like that, it scares me. Me too. And the first thing he said was that can't happen. He said impossible. I, I'm thinking he owed back taxes plus interest and penalties from years behind that kept on accruing. And he said if his taxes owed from years prior, that kept adding up. Yeah. He said his taxes owed from years prior that kept adding up. There's not a way on God's green earth to dig that. That can happen. You can't make 2 million and pay 2.8 million. There has to be other things in consideration. Those are his words, not mine. You see How we went and got all those answers? Mine, mine Said The same. And then Meek tweeted after this, I am not in tax debt. I'm saying I know I didn't owe 2.8 in taxes. If I only made 2 million max in 2013, I'm confused. You gotta, they gotta stop talking to the internet. Stop talking to Twitter.


Who are you explaining this to? Crazy. First of all the people, when you tweeted that out originally, nobody cares. Nobody wants to hear that you owe 2.8 million in taxes 'cause you got the money to pay it when you, what are you saying? He said, I go to my account And I take 3 million out. That hurts for something like that. Really? That is a luxury. My brother. Who you talking to when you even having that conversation? Why you talking out loud like That? Because his accountant must be busy. He said they be counting him out like his accountant ain't busy the account. Now I don't get it twisted. There's a lot of people that owed money in taxes and don't understand how they owe the taxes. But it's not 2.8 And then that's just like, keep it a hundred Emini here he's it still do hurt to have to pay that. I don't care if he is rich, I don't care. Maybe he is, maybe he is not. We don't know. 'cause a lot of people act like they got money and don't got money.


But you know what, Emini here, I understand that it'll get some, you know, a a regular working class person like upset. But that don't mean we don't got issues 'cause we got, oh, you know what I'm saying? People, when people have to pay, owe the IRS $500. Like don't tell me I can't complain. It's something, one of the worst things ever is when you open up that mailbox and you see that letter from the IR s. That's right. So I come s that and oh my gosh that will change your day. That's right. Urs will be coming. I think I understood what he mean by he's not in debt after saying that he owed money. He paid it Off. Right. He paid it off. Okay. He paid it off. I had to think the money paid Off. His Tweets be tracking. I had to think about it all. Now we gotta build that account back up. I know what that's like. That's crazy. And it hurts whether you rich or poor. It hurts.


All right. I don't understand who you talking to when you post that. That's all. He don't talk to nobody. Meek don't even gotta gotta be talking Meek Me tweeting in the, he Probably Meek Just wanna be heard. I don know. All right, so next Call Wallo Meek, just whenever you need to talk, just call Wallo man. He never be able to get off that phone. That's crazy. That can talk a lot. Yeah. So next story. 'cause Meek, we we'll be there all day trying to decode it. Yeah. What's next? My Dawn Staley. Yes, Dawn. Speaking of Philly. Yep. Which is crazy. I didn't know that Dawn Staley was from Philly Segue. Yes, yes indeed. I literally just learned that because she has a new book coming out on the black, black Privilege imprint.


Black Privilege Publishing called Uncommon Favor. It's crazy. You don't know how to say black, Black Privilege Publishing. Yes. It's crazy. You struggle with S words. Exactly. No It's not. You struggle with a lot. And I street strong. Like when you say T you, that's where you from. That's thing I'm not struggling. That's just what it is here. Exactly. Me Either. He put a C in S words, I'm struggling South Carolina C Child, Everything's a struggle. Slide Some band amongst corner the Face colors. Like I just, let's just move forward. Okay now, damn. She has a new book coming on Black Privilege Publishing. Congratulations Charlamagne. Thank you. So after All that, congratulations. The book is called Uncommon Favor Basketball North Philly, my Mother and the Life Lessons I Learned from All three. So this is a nonfiction book that'll be coming from her.


And she's gonna talk about, you know, it is supposed to show a different side of her and just talk about like her, her beginnings, like the first time she ever picked up a basketball, you know, just going through life, making the different decisions and becoming a person that we know. The Hall of Famer, the Naysmith, I think I'm saying that right. Naysmith Award winner. Yeah. She And I, I learned so much about her just looking into this book. Well, dropping a Clue Bond for Don Taylor. She's an icon living a walking legend who shapes culture. She's broke so many barriers and Redfin greatness in real time. And it's a privilege to be on this book journey with her. So the book will be out May 20th, 2025? Yes. But it's available for pre-order right now. And if you go on Amazon, it's already a number one bestseller and it went, it went up for pre-order on Friday. Love it. And it's already a number one bestseller.


So Salute the Salute the Don and everybody who supports Don Dope. She deserves all that though. She's fire. Yes. And lastly, before we get outta here, what's that? The outfits for the tour. Oh, they dropped Cowboy. Carter. Carter, the denim Cowboy Carter. Everybody get your coins in line. The dress code has been announced. What is the dress code? It's denim. Levi Has denim. Duh. Levi of course have a question. And I was thinking about this when I saw the Beyonce commercial. Yes. Don't nobody, And I respectfully ho don't nobody look the way they look in jeans like Beyonce looks in jeans. Jeez. So, so when you see her in the commercial, Jesse, like if you not built like that, are you still kenrick to buy the jeans? Excuse me. Or Who? Or like Kendrick. If you not built like Beyonce or Kendrick.


Yeah. So you gotta be think is what I'm saying. Emini here thick. Just wear jeans. Like people wear Jeans all day. It might not look the same but wear Jeans. But you want that look though. You wanna look thick in them jeans, right? You Can get your jeans taken in and you can like Mexicans be looking good in jeans too. They they work in them. And Mexicans be thick though. They Like SpongeBob. Oh my god. Cinder block at the bottom. They don't be given with Beyonce giving. No, no. But they Send something to fill out the jeans. If you ain't got nothing to fill out the jeans, jeans just wear jeans. Do you still want 'em? Just, just Wear jeans. Ah, yeah. You know what? Now that you, you bring that up. Yeah. It's gonna be a lot of boxy bitches up in them. Stain. I'm with them. Jeans on. I didn't think about that. Just Wear jeans. If they don't fit, they don't, they just wear whatever fits you. Oh, Wear the boyfriend jeans because you can't even tell, you can't tell a shape.


Oh those the big ones got. Yeah. Yeah. This Boy for jeans. Swag that up. Okay. What is the, what is the, the thing with Beyonce jeans though? What is it? They just, Levi's like what's the It's A uniform. She has a deal with Levi's. She has a deal with Levi's that she announced. Oh yeah. When she first announced all the Cowboy Carter stuff. But they're just reiterating that now that the tour is here and we can pop out. It's the denim on denim. It's the Uniform. Uniform for all of your inspiration. A denim on denim period. Levi about to make so much money. Run it up. I know that's right Dee. Yes. Okay. All right, well that is just with the meh charlamagne. You got your G ready Super tight skinny jeans. I don't, no, that's not messed, messed up. But I could feel 'em out though. I'm thick i's not play. The people's not play like this. People's choice don't got the hips and the As happening over there.


Charlotte. Don't play with them. Thank you already. Thank you. Uncle Picks. All right. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Alright, you're checking out The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ NB, just hilarious. Charlamagne ne guy. We are The Breakfast Club now as Black History Month. Who we repping today? Man, you know, during Black History Month, my guy BDO puts out a podcast called I didn't Know. Maybe you didn't either. And on today's episode, BDot speaks on the Martinsville seven. Yes. Before the Central Park five guy railroaded the Martinsville seven was dealing with a lot of injustice. Let's discuss Now I know what you're thinking.


Damn. What'd they do? Well they were accused of raping a white woman. There's some debate about whether they were guilty or not. Some folks like, nah, they did it. And there's others like, but where's the evidence though? Either way, the real crime here was how fast the system moved to snatch their lives. Lemme break it down for you. These men were arrested, interrogated with no lawyers, just some cops breathing down their necks, screaming at 'em. Like sign here. And when you got no rights, no support and you're terrified, you'll sign anything. Confessions, check evidence, crickets. Then they get dragged in front of all white juries in a segregated courtroom.


Y'all know what that meant? It was over before it even started. The trials were done in days. They got sentenced to death faster than you can. Uber Eats a four piece Supreme combo from Bojangles Appeals ignored. And in 1951, Virginia said next and put 'em in the electric chair. Seven men two days. Can we pause for a second? Two days, man, I've seen people wait longer for an oil change. Now fast forward to 1989. We all know about the Central Park five, right? Five black and Latino teenagers accused of attacking a white woman in New York. The current president of the United States took out a full page ad on them.


They were interrogated the same way. No lawyers, no parents, just a room full of cops. Like write this down. If you ever wanna see Sunlight again, buddy. They confessed to crimes that they didn't commit, got thrown in prison and it took 13 years and DNA evidence to clear their names. But the Martinsville seven, they didn't get those 13 years. They didn't get Netflix documentaries or Ava Venet directing their story. They got two years a sham trial and an electric chair. 70 years later though, 70 years later, Virginia was like, oh my bad. And pardon them pardoned them after their families had already lost everything.


Like, what's a pardon going to do? Give them free wifi in the afterlife. And here's the kicker, some people still argue about their guilt. Like, well, maybe they did it okay, but even if they did seven death sentences, trials rushed like a 30 minute lunch break. Where's the humanity? The Martinsville seven and the Central Park five are two sides of the same Dirty coin. Black men sacrificed on the altar of white fear, but be not confused. These stories ain't just about the past. Thereabout was still broken in the present And I didn't know. Maybe you didn't either. I didn't Know. All right. Happy Black History Month. That's right. And make sure you subscribe to the I didn't know, maybe you didn't either.


Podcast on the Black Effect iHeartRadio Podcast Network available everywhere you listen to to podcast. All right, when we come back, we got the positive notice, The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's time to get up outta here. Charlamagne, you got a positive note for the P oh, But before he get there, all right, tell me. So Friday, March 7th and Saturday March 8th, I will be in Pleasanton, California and the Bay Area at Tommy Tee's Comedy Club. Make sure you get your tickets@jessofficial.com. Me and my brother Desi will be there. So yep, that's four shows again, Friday and Saturday. March 7th and March 8th. That's next weekend. Y'all get y'all tickets. I see you Pleasanton. You know I'm actually gonna be in California on the eighth.


Hmm. For the r and b block party. We do it all around. We hit different cities. Me, Jermaine Dupree, Brian, Michael Cox. That's what's up. We gonna be DJing out there so I might pull up on you. That's what's up. That y'all might be hours apart. Where you gonna be at in California? She gonna be there Friday and Saturday, so I might pull up on her on Friday. Where you in Saturday? I'm gonna be in Ontario, California. How far? Oh, That's Not far. That's I'm be in the Bay. The Bay is about, But Ontario is not that far. I I thought you Just say la. I was gonna say LA is way too far, but yeah, Ontario's not that far. Okay, So I might pull up And listen. I want to tell y'all too, man, tickets go on sale tomorrow for the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival, 12:00 PM Eastern. You can go to black effect.com/podcast festival right now. We got the Trap Nerd Podcast gonna be there.


Good Moms Bad Choices, naked Sports with Carry Champion r and b Money with Tank and Jay Valentine and the Woman of All podcasts with Sarah Jake Roberts. More podcasts will be announced. It's all hosted by Mandy B and Weezy. So it's, we'll see you Saturday, April 26th at Pullman Yards in Atlanta, Georgia. But tickets go on sale tomorrow at 12:00 PM Now the positive note is this, if you're a giver, find another giver to love. Because if you're a giver, likely you've been with a lot of takers, which hurts. So find someone who values generosity as much as you do, who loves to give because it's their nature, not their pathology. Just like it's your nature too. Find another giver because you need to be given to two.


Have a blessed day Breakfast Club Bitches. Y'all finish or y'all done.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves are a working, professional, juggling career and family. A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone, for active duty, military and their families. The preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran Grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.apus.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you.


I'm Kristin Davis, host of the podcast. Are you a Charlotte The Incredible. Cynthia Nixon joins me this week for a conversation filled with memories and stories. I didn't even know Cynthia could have been Carrie. When I first read the script, they asked me to read for Carrie as I think they asked you to read for Carrie And I did. And they were like, yeah, not so much. You can't miss this. Listen to, are You a Charlotte on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, I'm David Board And I'm his grandson, Langton Herman. And we host My mama Told me a podcast about black conspiracy theories. And we're here to tell you that we have our boy lamour Morris on the podcast this week. You will not want to miss out on hilarious moments like these. I'm the same guy who believes in lizard people. So I don't really, I don really. I don, we shoulda started with, I look at all this like this. I go, eh, catch La Warren Morris on My Mama Told Me with Langton Kerman and David Bore on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, Brooklyn, nine ERs. It's a reunion. The ladies of the nine nine are getting back together for a special episode of the podcast, more better host Stephanie Beatrice and Melissa Ro, welcome friend and former castmate Chelsea Ferretti. Remember when we were in that scene where you guys were just supposed to hug And I was standing there? Yeah, you And I was like, can I also hug them? Listen to more. Better with Stephanie and Melissa on America's number one podcast network. iHeart. Follow more, better. And start listening on the free iHeartRadio app today.