
Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic journeys. Offer a spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. Take your off-road experience to new heights. Discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions to one capacity, varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you even had time to think about whether you need it or wanted. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family or product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


You could sit there and listen to ads, or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If. you wanted to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits, you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global. Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


I'm Kerry Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports. Up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry, Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. People Are talking about women's basketball Just because of One single game. Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's basketball. And on this new season, we'll cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect Podcast network, iHeartRadio apps, or wherever you get your podcasts. The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored By Diet Coke. Wake of wake of wake. Wake up. You guys really are like the hip hop, early morning, late night. Talk to The Breakfast. Club is the most powerful, popular urban radio show in a America.


Live from the black mothership in New York City. DJ Envy, Charlemagne De God and Jess. Hilarious. Thank y'all for being Cultural leaders man. I appreciate what y'all do for the culture collectively known as Breakfast Club. I'm always nervous when I do The Breakfast Club because sometimes you say stuff and it's just gonna get you in trouble. Everybody wait. Good morning. USA Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo. Jess is on maternity leave. Good morning, LA LaRosa. Good morning. Envy. Charlemagne it be here in a second. And it's Thursday. How you feeling? I feel good. It's Friday Eve. It's Friday Eve. Yes it is.


Yep. My cousins are coming in town tonight. Okay. Yep. So they'll be here tomorrow and throughout the weekend. What y'all doing this weekend, ain't they? They're Going to a festival. I forget what the festival is, but when they get here tonight, I don't know what we gonna do. Okay. We'll see. Did you watch the VMAs last night? What that show? I did watch the VMAs last night. What'd you Think? You know those award shows are always so long. But I think Megan did a really good job. She looked amazing. The VMA was on Yeah. Last night. Yeah. Wow. You didn't, oh, it was all over the timeline. You be on the timeline. Don't Act like that. I'm not doing on no damn timeline. Yes, you do. And You know I don't be on no timeline. There was a lot of performers. I remember You ever saw performances since 2019?


I'm talking about Instagram. There's a lot of performers. I didn't see it on Instagram. I had no clue. Who, no clue they were. That's what I meant by, I'm trying be nice. Oh, when I said the show was long, See, and this is why that might mean you old If. you didn't know none of the artist. No, my daughter didn't know artists either. It's just not our genres or Something. Yeah, yeah. Nah. Now that genre, and that's why it made me think about the Super Bowl for the last, I don't know how many years there was a lot of those artists performing at the Super Bowl. I had no idea. And things have changed, but there was a lot of artists that I had no idea who they were. My daughter was watching with me, white, Latino, both. Who was hosting both? Megane Stallion? Megane Stallion hosted. Really? Megan hosted? Yeah. I thought she did a good job hosting. Maybe people algorithm would be different. My timeline was Shannon Sharpe sex Tape and Kendrick Lamas song last Night. That was it too. Oh, okay. It, it wasn't like, because there was like, not too much besides like a little Tyler moment.


There wasn't too much controversial stuff happening. But it was the, looks like Megan paid homage to Britney Spears to Beyonce You know. She just fun. So, and she just, she looked amazing. Tyler Tyler's faces were all over. 'cause because every time somebody was performing, they showed Tyler and Tyler always gave him the face. Yes. When she won her award. I know you're gonna break it down in, in, in, just with the message show. What was it at, what was the BA there USB Center in Long Island. In New York. BS Center. Yeah. It was in New York. Jesus Christ. Wow. Yeah. Okay. UBS Center in New York and Long Island. All Dana days have changed. Not you not knowing that the VMAs were even on. Not only did I not know, didn't care. Didn't care. Didn't care. Yeah. That's why it's changed.


Didn't yesterday. ITI knew all the president was in town yesterday. Yeah. 'cause that's traffic was crazy yesterday. Yeah. Vice President was here. Kamala Harris, president Biden was here. Trump was here. Yeah. I see. I ain't hear nothing about no VMAs. Nah, VMAs LL performed yesterday at the VMAs. Really performed like he did. Like what? 20 songs In and Out. Public Enemy performed yesterday on the VMAs Public Enemy. Chuck D in Flav. Yes. Both of them. Wow. Flav came on stage too. Yeah. Flav was on stage. Flav, we, we, we, we will talk about it in just With a mess. There was a lot going on. Yep. Alright. Now today DeMar DeRozen will be joining us, of course. NBA baller. Yes. He's got a great new book out. I just had his book in my hand too. It's called Above the Noise. My Story of Chasing Kong. Chasing Comm. That's right. Yes. Man. I love DeMar Dero.


DeMar DeRozen is a big, big, big mental health advocate. You can tell he's a brother that's doing the work on himself and he's sharing his stories with everybody else. And I always say the only way to eradicate the stigma around mental health is for everybody to tell that story. So I'm glad he's sharing his Yes. And also running for President of the United States, representing the Green Party. Dr. Jill Stein. She'll be joining us in her running mate, Dr. Butch, where? Yes. And the good sister Angela Rye will be here as well. When we have that conversation. And let's get the show cracked. And we got front page news. Morgan will be joining us when we come back. Morgan Woods don't go anywhere. It's The. Breakfast Club. Oh, gorilla performed last night. Yes. Gorilla wasn't the vma. She she had a moment. Shout out to her dancers. 'cause they held It down, down, held her down top Almost came off literal.


Really? Her did come off. She was holding it down. She was holding. It was on strap, but they held it down. Shout out to sis all. We'll get to what? Somebody had a strap. He said. Got who got a strap. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning. Everybody's CJNV. Jess Aria. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. This guy's kinky already. Lauren, filling for Jess. And let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. I'm tta wi my, hey. Okay. Alright. So would you guys like to see another debate between former President Donald Trump and Vice President Kamala Harris? Would you like to No, no, no. Oh, thank, I mean, I mean, I would, I would like to see one for entertainment purposes, but I mean, You know this isn't about entertainment. This is about two people running for the president of the United States of America.


So for that matter, no, it's gonna be more of the same. Yep. Alright. Well, a rematch between the 2 20 24 presidential candidates is up in the air following Tuesday's, debate the Harris campaign called for another one. But as of late Wednesday, Trump is still undecided. Let's hear Trump's comments on a debate rematch. We won the debate according to every poll. Every single poll. I think that, are we gonna do a rematch? I just don't know. And no, we're looking at it. But You know when you win, you don't really necessarily have to do it a second time. So we'll see. MAGA is just as delusional about Trump after this debate as Democrats were about Biden after the Biden Trump debate.


Remember, there was still some Democrats holding on like You know there was hope I Exactly. That. Oh, I'm going to ride with Biden And. I don't care if he's a co-op weak at Bernie's, all of that stupid fool. Oh my God, since they were spewing, I remember that's how Mag is now in regards to Trump. Trump, he don't got it, bro. It's it, there's nothing he can do against the Vice President in a debate. Nothing. Nothing. Oh, actually, to debunk what Trump said, nearly every poll indicated that BP Harris won the debate. Trump says, A fighter who loses always immediately asks for a rematch. And as a jab, You know to the Harris campaign. So there are several debates that are on the table being offered by NBC, Fox and others. Meanwhile, viewership numbers show rating soared for the first debate between Harris and Trump.


Nielsen reports that of more than 57 million people watch the show down across the four major networks and four cable news channels. There is nearly 10 million more than the initial tally for the June debate between Trump and Biden. While surpassing that number, the final total for the Harris Trump debate is unlikely to break records. The most watched debate, however, was that between Trump and Clinton. So Trump is a, is like you said, entertainment purposes. Hillary Trump debate happened in 2016, which drew 84 million viewers. And then, and let's be clear, the VP's team is asking for a rematch, because if you're not doing press, why not debate in front of the American people? You? know what I mean? Yeah. Why not debate against your opponent so they can, they can look clearly and see, I, this is a clear contrast.


I know who I'm gonna vote for. People gotta see who she was. Especially for people that don't know who she's right is, especially Trump supporters. They got to see who she was. And like you said, how many people, 59 million people, And I, can't believe there's still any undecideds out there, by the way. Like, I really can't believe that. So meanwhile, former President Trump and his running mate, Ohio, Senator JD Vance, they continue to push the questionable claims about Haitian immigrants eating dogs. They're eating the dogs. Senator Vance appears to double down on the claims. Let's hear more from Vance on that. No one has spread false claims. What they've said is that a small migrant community, 20,000. So it's big for the city of Springfield, but small compared to all Haitians in the United States in America.


But that small minor community has caused a lot of problem. Again, the city of Springfield spokesperson, Karen Grave says, local leaders have gotten no credible reports. There are no specific claims that pets are being harmed, injured, abused, or even eaten. Now, there is a report out there about a woman from Ohio who ate a cat. She's not Haitian, and she's from Canton. So let's go ahead and what Is she A lesbian? Plenty of lesbian tea cat. That's what, that's the whole point. That stopped. All right. So also yesterday was the nine 11 and President Biden, former President Trump, vice President Harris and JD Vance, Senator Vance, they gathered in solidarity at The World trade Center to remember the victims. Now, Senator Vance, he talked about what that ceremony was like.


Let's hear more from him. I'd never been there by myself. And of course, an incredibly tragic day in our country's history. A sad day, but also a really beautiful ceremony, remembering those that we had lost. And you just can't help but think magnified. 3000 individual stories of lives lost, of families torn apart. And it's also You know, you, you talked about this earlier, but all these grandkids who never knew their grandfather, never knew their grandmother. It shouldn't take You. know those type of situations to see them be bipartisan. But You know, I won't get too much into that If, you did speak of bipartisan If. you did see a picture of Biden with a MAGA hat on it that was wild. Was not, it was not ai.


So Biden did pose with a red, white, and blue Trump, 20. But y'all worship Biden. That's who y'all worship. Why would you do that at a time like this? Said, why would y do Hated family member that gotta keep on Facebook? Yeah. Solidarity. No, you, You Tell you, I should have smacked that hat on. You come with no excuses for that man. I'm Not coming with an excuse. I'm gonna report what the report says. Okay. You know what I'm saying? Give you, I'm gonna give you the substance. So with that being said, yeah, he was there to mark the 23rd anniversary in Shanksville, Pennsylvania of the nine 11 attacks. So Deputy press secretary, Andrew Bates, posted the photo on X. He said the president spoke about bipartisan unity following the nine 11 attacks.


And he Biden actually gave his hat the hat that he had on to a Trump supporter. And to show solidarity, the Trump supporter gave Biden his hat. So Biden put the hat on. No, no. It's a big difference between wearing the hat of a Trump set. Now, if, if Trump would've wore a Kamala hat and then Biden wore a, a Trump hat, that would make more sense. But just a random supporter. I didn't see no pic. I didn't see that picture. I only saw a picture of Biden with his Trump hat on. It doesn't even matter. They're gonna take the picture. And what they're gonna do, they're gonna send it all over the place. Most of the people are not even gonna hear what Morgan just said. It's gonna, the Trump hat Biden wore a mad his, That's what We say. And make, please get UNC on Facebook. That's what that's given. Yes. He don't need to upload the selfies with the eye And keep him in the basement.


Okay. Oh no. Keep him locked away. All right. Nah, he, he needs to just stay home. Can I say one other thing about the, the, the, so-called Haitians Eating the pets. Whatever You know. Soon you're gonna see a video of some group of people. You know, cooking a dog. It's not gonna be real, but just know that you will see it floating around social media and people are gonna say, Hey, this is what we were talking about. Of course this we're just in the age of propaganda. I hope y'all know that. Right. And then, and most of the propaganda is, is it's created by people. Yeah, of course. You know that, right? Yeah. Alright, well, You know. So House speaker Mike Johnson, he's pulling a government funding bill after GOP support collapsed. A vote is scheduled for today, but over a dozen Republicans withdrew their support for the proposed legislation that's tiered to voter ID laws.


A stopgap plan would keep the government funded into March. If a funding plan is not passed, the government will shut down on October 1st. So that's, that's going on. Let's make sure that we can continue to fund our government before we You know. Get into a November look election though. But yeah, that's your front page news for the 6:00 AM on the 7:00 AM we're gonna talk about the Taylor Swift effect and whether or not that really makes a difference in this election. Oh boy. All right, we'll get into that next. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast. Club.


Ray. Ray. Ray. Yo. Envy. What up are we Live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a Outdoor pool. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. We can get On the phone right now. Here, tell you what, it's, we lied. Hello? Who's this? Hello. Hello. This cool from Columbus, Ohio. What's going on these days? What up? Cool. What's going on? Hey. Nah, just piggyback on what y'all said. That report about the Haitians. I don't know about a Springfield, but we did just had this lady kill a cat and eat it in her driveway. Yeah, but she wasn't she an American resident? Yeah. Yeah, she was American. Yeah. Now I was just going off of what you was saying, that they gonna try to circulate something.


Surprised they ain't try to circulate that story. It's Trying To make it like it was Haitian. I did see the cat story, but that's why, that's why I knew about it. They said she was an American resident. But I'm telling you, because there's another picture walking around of a, of a black man holding a duck. And they trying to say that's, that's one of the immigrants. There was envy at your car show. I know there was a guy with a duck. There Was a guy with a duck and a duck had a chain on. Yes. Did the duck have a chain On? No, he ain't have no chain on. Nah, this this guy. Yeah, his duck had a chain on. And it's funny, he wanted to take a picture of me. I was like, this don't feel right bro. I'm Telling you, I took a picture of the duck. Did. I couldn't believe it. In a video. Yeah. Yeah. He was the duck with But who Just has a Duck? I I, he, I don't know. He said it was his comfort animal. I have no idea. I don't know. Don't ask me any questions. He could identify what he wants to identify what he can like, what he wants to like.


I don't know. He don't know anymore. By way. Duck is very tasty. It is My favorite. Is it? Oh yeah. Oh, You know what? Yes it is. Duck. A duck. And Mr. Chows. Hello. Who's this? Good morning. Good morning. Peace to the plan. What's up y'all? It's Bobby Fresh. Bobby Fresh. What up, king Bobby? Fresh. What's happening? What's up y'all? Yo, I just had to get off my chest man. And you had me on hold last week like two hours, bro. How did I have you on hold? I don't know. That's what the dude who answered told me. You won't blame it on him then? Nah, you can't blame it on me. I mean, we just answer the phones randomly. So You know. Sometimes we call on people, sometimes we don't. But what's up man? Hey, nothing man. I just wanted to, I hope y'all have a great day, y'all. I've been making my morning since I was in like high school, bro.


I'm an adult now, bro. We all and y'all just, y'all just so grateful. Our call. Yeah. Be getting there. No, I'm there. I'm not old. Yeah, I ain't How old? I'm only 27 though, bro. I ain't old man. Seven. Oh yeah. You know what? You not there. I'm 46. Listen, You know what's so interesting. People say that to us all the time. I, I be out and about and people be like, yeah, I've been listening to you since high school. And. I be like, how old are you? 28, 29. And You know what I do. I thank God. That's right. We've been on this radio almost 15 years doing Breakfast Club. That's right. Longest running hip hop. Morning show ever. That's right. Nationally syndicated in a hundred markets. What's up? Talk heavy. Talk Happy. But anything else? That was, so first of all, Lauren sound young. You sound old. Lauren like talk heavy. You just say something I ow I said anything else, Talk out.


He ain't to biting with the hat. Like get him on Facebook. Like Just saying anything. Talk out anything else. What? Hello? Who's this? Hey, my name Anthony Youngblood. A k the super truck straight out of Portsmouth. Virginia. Good morning. What's up Anthony? Get it off your chest. Yeah, I got something. Get off my chest. First of all, envy, thank you for giving shout outs to the 7, 5 7 oh All the time from born raised Virginia, the young lady. I forgot her name. I'm drawing a blank right now. Lauren LaRosa Green Right now. Lauren LaRosa. Lauren LaRosa. Good morning. Good morning. Charlamagne. I got something for you homie. Yes sir. Alright. Two weeks ago you said something about a truck cutting you off. That's right. Okay, let's get this. Alright, I'm gonna start right here. All trucks aren't Mack trucks.


Mac is a manufacturer like Ford, Chevrolet, Lexus, all trucks aren't Mack trucks. Okay. You have different types, different different types of trucks. Second of all, when I first started trucking, they didn't make automatics. People weed themselves out of trucking because there was no automatic, they were manual trucks. Oh, stick shit truck And paper log books. You see what I'm saying? Now over time, they done came out with these automatic trucks and these E-logs, which pretty much in my opinion, removed the brain from a lot of these drivers out here now. And they just putting bodies in seats. Mm. Which are called, which I call new breeds, which I don't have no respect for new Breeds.


So is that why they drive them trucks like big cars? Yes, exactly. Because you have anybody out here driving a seat, they're driving a commercial class vehicle. Now that's not commercial class vehicle worthy. They don't have the skill, the timing, the precision. They just, they just putting anybody in 'em because it don't take a brain to drive to drive 'em no more. That makes you got a computer doing everything. You got a computer doing the law book, you got computer shipping. Give That make all the sense The World, all they doing Just holding the steering wheel. That's why they call 'em the steering wheel holes. So thank you. A be safe on them road. So hold on. Ace. Are you telling me that I should continue to report unsafe truck drivers to the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration? Because I have the hotline number Every time you get a chance, make sure you get that Mc number One.


8 8 8. Thank you. 3 6, 8, 7 2 3 8. Monday through Friday. Friday 8:00 AM to 8:00 PM Eastern. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Get it off your chest. Showman You know how to drive manual stick. The hell You mean how to drive? Oh no, I don't know how to drive no sticks if boy Jesus, don't do that to me. I was, first of all, I was born in 1,978. So You know what I think about when you say that to me. That scene in Boys in the Hood. And. I. No, that's what I said. Said man. Manual. Yeah. Can you drive stick? No, you want to teach me? Alright. What was it? I can learn? Well, whatever the hell it was, that's where you go first. Mentally. That's what he wanted to say to me. No, I did not. That's why I knew he was gonna go there. That's, I said manual You know how to drive. That's actually opportunity because see, he asked me too Charlamagne, he did that to make himself feel less gay.


Charlamagne do You know how to drive stick shift. That's what you wanted to say to me, king. Yo, you are king this morning. Get it off your chest. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. He said deny it. The Breakfast Club. Hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with me is best. Call up next (800) 585-1051. Not just me, I'm with the coach of Philly. Hello. Who's this? Hello. Hey, what's up Sean Stone. Hey, what's going on Guys? Speech and blessing Man. Get it off your chest, brother. Hey man. Good morning, Laura. Good morning. Good morning, Vy. Good morning. Morning. Yeah, man, I just, oh, that other guy over there working today, Charlamagne?


Yes he is. No, I'm not here. Oh, he's just ai. Yep. Okay. That's crazy though. That Biden put on a Trump hat. I don't understand that. I don't get it either. Especially a day after the debate. Like why would you try to sabotage it? It feels like sabotage. Like why would you do that? Oh man, he ain't thinking. Oh man. That's crazy. But I also want to give you a prop for that Tyrese and Wallo interview, man. Great interview man. Especially Tyrese interview, man. Very touching type of interview. Hey, Sean Stone. Both Tyrese and Wallo are gonna be at my fourth annual Mental wealth expo on October 12th at the Marriott Marque in Times Square. It's a free event. Oh, are you telling me that because you want me to volunteer?


Yeah. No, I just wanted to give him a shout out. He wanna see you. No. Oh, you If you wanna volunteer? You can, yeah. We might need volunteers for sure. You, you joking? Or, or, or you just pulling my check. I'm not joking. I can I connect you. I know You know. I know you don't like me like that You. know what I mean? That's true. But I mean, If, you wanna work. I'll connect you with Dr. Ey. Ah, don't wanna work man. You know what I mean? I'll come up and support you brother. That be dope. But I, you And Chad work together. No, I never work with Chad. Quick question. Envy, have you ever played a, a whack record in your life? A whack as a DJ before? Of course. Yeah. A whack record. Of course. Of course. Right? Yep. So even though I like all of Simone, she did play a whack record from Trav and Blonde Beauty and Mine song.


Oh my God. Is way better than Trav and Blonde. It's not. I, we listen to it. That's What the people say on the internet. Surely man, you never listening. We did listen to it last week after, or two weeks ago when you told us you've been hating for two weeks. Listen, remember what I, I don't know. If. you was listening when I said If. you can't celebrate other people's wins. Celebrate. You'll never get any of your


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in a spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soaking the scenery. You have the Great Outdoors Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains, seize the thrill. And start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports where we live at the intersection of sports and culture up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. I know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Every great player needs a foil. I Ain't really hear the noise. I just come here to play basketball Rekindle day. And that's what I focus On. From college to the pros, Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Angel Reese is a joy to watch. She's unapologetically black. I love her. What exactly ignited this fire? Why has it been so good for the game? And can the fanfare surrounding these two supernovas be sustained? This game is only going to get better 'cause the talent is getting better. This new season will cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet


Coke. This summer, a lone gunman on a rooftop reminded us that American presidents have long been the targets of assassins. Nearly 50 years ago, president Gerald Ford faced two attempts on his life. In less than three weeks, a Woman fired a shot at President Ford. President Gerald R. Ford came stunningly close to being the victim. A woman dressed in a long red skirt pointed a 45 caliber pistol at the President. These are the only two times we know of that a woman has tried to assassinate a sitting us president and the two assassins had never met. One was the protege of infamous cult leader Charles Manson. She is 26-year-old Lynette Alice Fromm. Nicknamed Squeaky. I always felt like Lynette was kind of his right hand woman. The other, a middle aged housewife. An aspiring radical working undercover for the FBI Identified by police as Sarah Jean Moore, Sarah Jane could enter into these areas that other people couldn't. A spy. Basically The story of one strange and violent summer. This season on the new podcast, rip Current Here episodes of Rip Current early and completely and receive exclusive bonus content by subscribing to iHeart True Crime Plus only on apple Podcasts


Parents. Are you looking for a screen-free, engaging way to teach your kids the Bible. One that's easy to understand and enjoyable for multiple ages. Kids Bible Stories podcast is here to help. I created this for my own children and it's now a favorite among thousands of families. Kids love the vivid imagery, scriptures and sound effects. While parents appreciate the apply section for meaningful conversations, we have hundreds and hundreds of beautiful episodes that bring the Bible to life. When you simply press play, it's a sound and practical resource that walks alongside you as you teach your kids. We want kids to see how incredible God's word is in an engaging and memorable way with Kids Bible Stories podcast. Listen to Kids Bible Stories podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs And. I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast, I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I love this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show, we dissect everything going on in the game. Straight from the biggest players in The World Plus serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


So why you keep hating on Trav and Blind beauty all the time? I celebrate people all the time 'cause my song is just way better. And we would like the people to choose. And when your time You know when your time comes, your time will come. But right now, Trav and Blind Beauty gotta look. Be happy for them. Gotta look. She can't see. Oh. Oh. That's exactly why you not getting no love right there. That's why God ain't gonna bless you right there. Yo. Y'all stay blessed man. Sean Stone. How the kids man, The kids are good. Envy but envy. I want know If. you really rock with me. Envy. Why you can't go listen to the song Brother? I I don't ride for you. I'm just asking how the kids are. I'm just appreciate you brother. I'm just asking how you and your family are, Brother. You say you don't ride for me brother. What you mean ride for you? I don't ride for you. I'm just, I'm trying to be brother a good positive brother.


I'm asking how your family is and you said you played my record. I just wanna know how your family is bro. Brother, I've supported you many times. That's what I'm saying. What would you like me to do? What would you like me to do? Stone stop. I just Want you to listen to song. That's, I listen to it. It's whack. Damn. We didn't like it. Try again bro. You Don't got another one for him. Like get back in the room, Try again. Damn. Well I good one Lauren. Dang that sounded please somebody help me Lauren. I dunno. Jesus Christ. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. You can hit us up now we have just with the mess with Lauren LaRosa coming up. Yeah, we gonna do A quick little Plus. VMA Recap. Then we gonna head on over to UNC Shannon Char.


Okay. All right. We'll get into that. Next. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody Is CJ Envy jet. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Let's get to Jess with the Mess with Lauren LaRosa. You music is real weapon. Jess Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don't she don't spare nobody worldwide. Just worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coach with Lauren. Lauren LaRosa. I'm back. And. I Got the mess. Talk to me. So the VMAs went down last night at the USB Center and it was a show, A lot of performances.


Yep. Eminem opened the show and then Meg Thee Stallion hosted the show. And Meg Thee Stallion did some outfit tribute. She did a tribute to Beyonce and one of her outfits, she did a tribute to Britney Spears' Slave for you VMA performance. And she actually had the snake but she got scared. So she made the product, like one of the producers come take the snake off of her gorilla. On arrival on the carpet, she paid Hamish, her left eye with her outfit, one of her VMA looks. And then Gorilla was performing. She did a melody of songs. But when she was performing, thank God it's Friday, her top was about to come off. So The damn that came off? Yes, she was holding it with her hands. She literally was holding it with her hands and still trying to dance. So she was rocking out the performance though. One of her dancers came behind her.


I don't even know how she peeped what was happening. 'cause she was behind her and put the top like back together, still Dancing while she was doing it And still was dancing and got right back and sing. Shout out to that dancer. I hope Blow takes her out to dinner. This today. Breakfast, lunch, something LL Cool J performed. He was celebrating the 40 years of Def Jam. So he brought out Public Enemy with him as well. Let's take a listen to Ello. Busta Rhymes actually introduced him. Oh wow. I didn't even see that part. Yep. I was in and out.


It was so the show was very, very long. I was in and outta the show. It was, what else? Katie Perry accepted the Vanguard Award. Chappelle wrong. Now Chappelle Ron. Is You know who that is She Me, Chappelle. Wrong, wrong. ROAN. I didn't know who that was either. But go ahead. So she is a, a music artist. She was there. She took home a best new artist. I believe it was Best new artist. Ask a question. Yes. You know what's crazy. I saw Katie Perry and Doce performing on the timeline. I didn't know what that was from. Oh, vma. Are you gonna ask me what one of her songs are? No, I was gonna ask you, is she trans? Because I seen a, i, I guess a, a drag queen or some introducer and she was like, that's my son or that's my daughter. And I was confused and my daughters didn't notice.


I was asking you. I'm not What were You confused about? And then when she gave a speech, I, I don't know. I don't know. I was asking what do you mean? Was it like, did does he identify as a son? I don't know. That's I'm asking you identify as a daughter. I don't know. That's why I'm asking the person introducing him to identify as a father or mother. I don't even get what you're saying. Me neither. I'm not for sure. But I do know, I do know that she, that she has talked a lot about like the like drag queen who inspire her. Look in her. I'm just curious. You know, but I, I don't Know. Oh, she's not trans. One of the producers, she's not trans. Oh, Okay. Wow. Envy. So You just that I was just asking 'cause what she said, that's what I was just asking. That's But being inclusive goes wrong. Nah, You just wanna ask a question. You can ask a question. Not really without defending somebody. She should, she should just shut up sometimes. All right, well that's exactly what she said.


That is exactly what Chappelle R said. Because listen, she already is a one of them people. She said she deals with anxiety. She told her fans a few, maybe about a month ago to stop being weird. Stop running up on her, asking for pictures and all that stuff. But on the carpet last night, You know how the photographers, when you're on the carpet, they're like yelling your name. Look this way, look this way. So she got at got at one of the photographers. Let's take a listen. You shut the me you tell a girl You can't, you can't have one without the other though. Like you can't have the success of what what does she do? She's a performer. She's a performer, singer. The fame fame comes with that. Nick just at his chapel room.


I thought it was Chappelle. I ha I I don't know. That was the first time me seen her last night. But she killed her. Her performance was one of the dopest per performances of the night. You could tell they put a lot into her set. She was, it was kind of like medieval times. So she was performing. So she had fire. She shot like a, a bow and arrow on fire and it was pretty dope when she was performing. I had no idea what the song was. First time me hearing her. Yeah. But her Performance was pretty dope. Same too about the song. My first time seeing her, hearing her was when she went viral like crazy because she was yelling at her fans And. I'm like, who is this girl? And why is she so upset? You Keep yelling at your fans, you're not gonna have too many of 'em You know what I mean? Because eventually You know people will get tired of that. Well she told, I think she was talking to Entertainment Tonight.


Don't quote me on the outlet, but she told them that basically she did that because she deals with anxiety and oh it was entertainment tonight. She said, for someone who gets a lot of anxiety around people yelling at you, the carpet is horrifying. So I yell back. She Definitely yelled back last night. You know. She's yelling back though. She's yelling them like basically telling them don't yell at me like that. Shut up. Sit the F down, shut the F up. Well don't walk the red carpet then And I. I'm a person who deals with anxiety as well. She gonna yell At You next. But my thing is, I'm a person that deals with anxiety as well. So You know what you do when you deal with anxiety. You stay away from situations that You know are going to trigger set anxiety. Yeah. I think now her team You know the red carpet learned that. Yeah, if You know the red carpet's gonna trigger you don't go on the red carpet. Well, she had her own carpet too, so she was on the red carpet with her own carpet. So they laid down her carpet as she went on there and took pictures.


So I guess they were yelling as they were. What? Just listening to you talking about laying down carpet. Oh my god. I get it. Well, I apologize. Chapel wrong. Forgetting your name wrong. Don't yell at me, girl. But she killed it last night. She did. And then Taylor Swift. Taylor Swift took home. She actually last night won the most awards of the evening. And she tied Beyonce last night with the most wins by an artist with 30 wins. Another Did Beyonce win last night or no? I don't, I don't Know because she was nominated for a bunch of things. I honestly, I I don't know that the show was like three hours long. It was Flavor Flav. This was a lit moment. I did see this part. You guys remember when Jordan Charles, they took her medal back and he was like, yo, I got a clock for you. I'm gonna send you the clock. They did. VMAs was very smart about that.


They did that on the stage. Let's take a listen. I Know they tried to take your medal away from you You. know what I'm saying? But You know what I got you. Something that they can't take away from me. Wow. What? I don't even know what to say here. That's what that was. Dope. So good. Feel good moment. Now speaking of feeling good, I feel like should we hold this though? Because I, I'm not gonna, I think you should hold it. Yeah, let's go. I had no idea. Talk. Go Ahead. No, I was gonna say, I had no idea the VMAs were happening last night. I didn't see a lot of promo for it. And the streets are on social media. But it sounded lively from what you just reported, Lauren. A lot of performances. It was a lot of performances.


I mean, it's the VMAs and it's a awards show. They, they got budgets, so they did a great job. I do. No, It was, it was really amazing. The D way. They did their two stages. It was nothing cheap. It was not like they were lacking on money. They, they put a lot into all their budgets. Like every stage when they went from left to right to left to right, all the stages were done. Right. The sets were amazing, amazing costume costumes were great. So they didn't, they didn't lack when it came to money, And I will go to watch that, that Doce and Katy Perry performance. 'cause I I wanted to watch it last night. I didn't know it was from the VMAs though. I just saw it come across the timeline. I thought that You know Katy was on tour or something. When I say do she looked amazing. She looked good. Ka Perry looked good too. And it made me realize how many songs Ka Perry has that I actually like. I would never Katie just put on Ka Perry. But last night I was like, yo, I like her.


Oh no. Bunch Of joy. First two albums phenomenal. But I tell you one other thing. And she did All that last night on her, the first day of her period, according to what hap she said that Why Y'all, why do y'all know this? She said that people share too much information, I swear. But I'll tell you something. That damn doce drop on a cruise bomb for Doce. I told y'all a few weeks ago here on the radio when I heard alligator bites Never hill. Phenomenal, phenomenal project man. Doce is, is, she's dope, dope, dope. You know She's really dope. She's really dope fire. She steps outside the box with us. All right. Now when we come back, let's get into You wanna play it now? So Kendrick Lamar released the record yesterday. Yes he did. We gonna talk about this too. He released the record. We play. He took a, he took a couple shots according to what I think I heard.


Y'all can let me know what you guys said. You heard once we get into it later. All right, we'll get it on now. And then we got front page news. And don't forget, powerhouse NYC goes down to Prudential Center. October 26th. You could presale, you could pre gett your tickets now@ticketmaster.com. That happens at 10:00 AM So get your tickets. Let's get into Kendrick. Lamar's The Breakfast Club. Morning watch the party Die. Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The. Breakfast, Club. All right. That was Kendrick Lamar. It's like another minute long. If. you wanna hear the full version? I'll get it on in the mix. Yeah. Salute to Kendrick man. He salute, he shouted out Lecrae on that record. Terrence Martin, but also my guy D one. So drop on the Includes bonds for D one. I don't, I don't think we got to that part 'cause the song is very, very, it ain't did he said D one. He said D one. He said Lecrae twice though.


Alright. But yeah, salute to Kendrick If. you want to hear the full version? Like I said, I'm gonna get it on in the mix. Now let's get in some front page news. What's up? What's up? So as you mentioned yesterday, Lauren Taylor Swift is endorsing vice president Kamala Harris for her presidential run. And her running mate, Minnesota governor Tim Walls says he's incredibly grateful in a social media post just after Tuesday night's debate. Swift said she'll be voting for Harris because she fights for the rights and causes that she believes in. Reacting to the news walls, encourage the pop stars fans to follow her lead. Let's hear those reactions from Minnesota Governor Tim Wal. That's The type of courage we need in America to stand up. We've seen it out of those Republicans who were at the DNC.


We've seen it outta women who would like to have their own personal lives, kept personal, but are forced to go out there 'cause they nearly died because they can't get abortion services in a pregnancy. And now you have somebody like Taylor Swift coming out making that very clear. This would be the opportunity swifties, This will be the opportunity swifties on Instagram. Swift went on to say that Harris is a steady handed and gifted leader, and that we could accomplish so much more in this country if we were led by calm and not chaos. Now Ki Swift appears holding a cat in the post and signed it. Taylor Swift Child is Cat Lady You know it. It is funny how with celebrity endorsements, if the celebrity that's powerful, like a Taylor Swift endorses who you want them to endorse.


Celebrity endorsements are great, but if the celebrity endorses somebody you don't want them to endorse. Celebrities need to stay outta politics. Of course, celebrities don't need to be involved in politics. Well, it seems like she was gonna say something last night, but she just had said Kelsey and the, the crowd was cheering. So they, but she, she was just like, well, You know the election's coming up, you need to vote. And then they kind of just redlining. But she was about to get into it last night. But they cut her off beforehand. Well, You know Trump doesn't like it. So he spoke with Fox News and he says he's never been a Swift fan. Anyway, let's hear Trump's comments on the endorsement. She's a very liberal person. She seems to always endorse a Democrat and she'll prob probably pay a price for it at the, in the marketplace. Now those comments obviously came before the VMAs, so I'm not sure where she's supposed to pay for it in the marketplace.


But You know. Well, well Trump would, Trump would love it if she had endorsed him. I mean he, of course he wanted the endorsement so much that they did You know fake AI endorsements. And it, it was interesting to hear JD Van say that You know nobody wants to hear from a outer touch billionaire celebrity when Donald Trump is a out of touch billionaire, celebrity billionaire Celebrity. This comes at the same time that the Florida Democratic Party is organizing in full force for the Swift Era's tour in Miami. Like this is full on strategy as early voting begins in October. So retired University of of South Florida political scientist, Dr. Susan McManus. She says Swift's post on social media reaches younger voters, especially in Florida. Let's hear more from her.


It's not Hollywood, but it's music stars that are really bringing them in. And a lot of their lyrics and so forth are very political as You know, older people don't get why and how this is changing. One thing that we know about Democrats in some of these key states and including Florida, is that they absolutely have to bring in the younger voters to win. But let's to focus on something else that's very important and also very important in Florida, the Taylor Swift endorsement. But do I think this is the end of the story? Absolutely not. Look at how many twists and turns we've already had. And you can't predict what will happen next week, let alone tomorrow practically.


So Taylor Swift is scheduled to perform in Miami on October 18th, 19th, and the 20th. And early voting happens in Miami-Dade County on October 21st. So that's, that's, that's pretty cool how they're You know strategizing in that regard. Meanwhile, university of Texas, San Antonio political science professor John Taylor, he says that celebrity endorsements are as old as elections themselves and he believes they, they don't make much of a difference. Let's hear more from him. Taylor Swift endorsed Phil Bresson in 2018 for US Senate. He lost Oprah's endorsement of Obama in 2008. Was she the one that ultimately swayed people to vote for Obama and get him the Democratic nomination? Probably not. You asked the question of the average voter bill, what's affecting your vote the most?


The economy. It's about reproductive choice, about gas prices. It's not necessarily about what does Taylor Swift think? I believe he's probably right. You know. I I think people make their own decisions. You know based off You know their needs and their interests. You know one thing I do like that Taylor did, she didn't tell people to vote for Kamala Harris. She just told people to vote and told people who she's voting for. That's what I think we all should do. I'm not, I'm not telling you who to vote for. I want you to go out there and do your own research and make your own decision. I told you who I'm supporting, but not because I want you to support them just because I vote my interest and Kamala Harris speaks to my interest. But as a young 18-year-old that that might not deal with the same things that a lot of adults are dealing with. And they love Taylor Swift, they follow Taylor Swift, they go to her concerts.


They like to see what she's eating all in her life. It's the full factor. If somebody that says they're voting for somebody, I think a lot of those people will be impressionable maybe. But You know I And I. I would encourage you to do what Taylor Swift told you to do of course. And that is go do your own research. Of course Taylor said, I did my own research and neither are the reasons I'm choosing to vote for the vice president. But you do your own research and you vote for who you wanna vote for. Yeah, I feel the same way. But them kids that are willing to do anything for Taylor Swift tickets and and are Swifties, I think are gonna follow exactly what she's doing. I agree with you Envy. Switching gears just a bit, You know, the Congressional Black Caucus Annual Legislatives Conference is underway here in Washington DC the event it focuses on issues impacting African Americans and the black community across The World.


It's running from the 11th through the 15th. And of course I will be in attendance speaking to your legislators, thought leaders and citizens who are meeting to promote political, economic and social initiatives in the black community. So If, you guys wanna pull up and You know actually make something shake instead of just, not you guys, but I'm just saying the American people You know what I'm saying? We not going to sit here and complain. We gonna actually get You know meet and and and converge and, and talk about it and You know get with those legislators and You know get our policies in place. So yeah, but that's your front page news. You know you can follow me on social at Morgan Media. M-O-R-G-Y-N-M-E-D-I-A and for more news coverage, make sure you're following the Black Information Network. Download that free Hot, free iHeartRadio app and visit BIN news.com.


We've got all of your exclusives coming from the CBC. Alright, well thank you Morgan. Thank you. Alright, now when we come back, NBA baller, DeMar de Rosen will be joining us. He has a new book out right now Above the Noise, my Story of Chasing Calm. And we gonna talk to him next. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess Charlamagne Nega. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is on maternity leave. Lauren Lar is filling in and we got a special guest in the building. Compton's Finest. Ladies and gentlemen. Jamal DeRosa. Welcome Man. It's an honor man. Appreciate you Doing my brother. You doing good? How you Doing? I'm blessed black and highly favored, man. What's Up? Yes sir. Yes sir. New book, book Out Above the Noise.


My story of Chasing Calm. I love that title. When I hear that title, I know a man that's doing the work on himself. Man. Trying man. It's just, it's definitely a challenge. Something that's not easy. Take time, it's patience. Gotta give yourself Grace You know we go through a lot of stuff. You know that we, we, we sweep under the rug and a lot of times by the time we figure it out, we, we deep in and it takes a lot of work to try to figure that out. So You know, just trying to inspire, get the message out there and just try to break the stigma more than, more than anything. I want to, I want to know your, your journey when it came to the NBA. Right. Because growing up as a kid, there wasn't as many leagues where it was training. We just kids played in the park and yeah, the good kids went to co high school, played on the high school team, played in college.


But now it seems like everything is foreseen as training. You gotta train, train six days a week. Lamar Oldham in all those days, just play park. They went to Rucker play ball and, and kept it moving. So what was your journey getting to the league and, and explain to some of the kids out there who have that dream, how difficult it was to, to get there. First of all, like you said, like growing up, like we didn't know nothing about training. It was all like, if I go to the play at the park from Sun up to sundown, that's what I'm gonna be able to do. You know that's what I'm gonna do if it's in the backyard. If it's making a crate playing basketball. Like my inspiration was always trying to escape from my reality with sports You know what I mean? Whether we play football in the streets, whatever, whatever it may be. You know, we use sports as a gateway, You know for peace. And for a long time you, you don't even consider working out.


You just want to hoop. As you get older, it becomes more difficult when you gotta take those necessary steps to You know, evolve into a true basketball player. So it's, it's definitely a long road, You know. And especially now, I can't even imagine what social media and so much stuff that's in front of these kids now. You basically famous, by the time You know you in middle school, You know. So it's definitely difficult these days more, more so than ever. When before it just used to be about the game. When Did you realize you were that good to make it to the league? Because as a kid, everybody thinks they Jordan, everybody thinks they Kobe. Everybody thinks they every player that they ever imagined. Yeah. When did You know? Like, oh, I got a shot When it was a true real life belief? Probably by the time I was probably like in the 19th grade when it was like, all right, if I, if I keep working at this, I, I maybe I still maybe have a chance.


But for me, everything was still felt so farfetched because You know you didn't know nothing about college. I didn't have nobody in my family to go D one. So even just going to college was a big thing. Like, man, I gotta at least make it to college. Like, damn, the League College was more so the, the big obstacle for me to make it to there. So by the time my senior year, I knew I was going to sc I knew, I knew it was a chance for after that for me to go pro, for sure. What what about your father? Because I, I love seeing black men celebrate their fathers and you dedicated the book to your father, Frank, the Rosen. What were some of the values he contributed You know, instilled in you to your, to your upbringing. Not just as a player, but as a Man. More as a man. More than anything. You know. He, he taught me the art of hardworking resiliency. Being a man, sticking to your word and You know everything that he went through.


He never complained. Coming from Compton. I, I know in 2018 is when you sent out the tweet, the depression, get the Best Of Me tweet. That kind of sparked all of the conversation. And I know you were back in LA at the time. Do you think, or did you feel like, was it like survivor's remorse because you, you're so connected to home and family, now you're back and you're at the height of your career. Like Yeah. I, I think for me, that's when I, everything hit the wall for me. 'cause my, my career was You know, taking off at a peak that I never would've imagine. You know, I'm coming back home to LA being a starter for the All Star team and You know, all I cared about in that moment was get home and see my kids. I wanted see my daughters. I didn't care about nothing else. But it's like, soon as I got to LA everybody asking for something, needing something, wanting tickets, wanted to do this. Everybody had this pre notion of like, I felt like I was getting plotted on in a sense.


You know what I mean? When at the end of the day, I just want to go hug my kids. I want to do what my kids want to do. But it's like the, the overwhelming feeling of, I, I see myself in all these hotels downtown la It was just a lot. And it kind of put a, a lot of stuff in perspective for me. And, I kind of just You know I hit a wall at that point. Was Toronto a better place for you? 'cause you away from Yes. Everybody that you grew up with and was that a mistake? Leaving Toronto? Toronto was the best thing that happened for me. 'cause that at that time, even when I was at sc, like if I had a good day or a bad day, I was, I was still going to Compton, like still going to stay at my mama house in Compton. I'm still around the same type of environment. So I really wasn't evolving in a way. I, I I needed to You know. I still ran back to what I was comfortable with.


So when I left SC got drafted, You know I go to a whole nother country Toronto with Like, I know you was like, what the hell is this? A lot of beautiful women in Toronto Too. It's a beautiful place. Love, like, love it. No, A lot of beautiful women. He heard you love it. That man heard he tried To get you. He heard Your man heard you look at that man in trouble. Go ahead. It definitely is though. Like it's, it's, it's so wild because I didn't realize how much I needed to be away from home and it, it was to the point to where like, nobody in my family had a passport. Wow. None of my cousins would go. No. Like, so I was there by myself. So it forced me to kind of grow up in a way to where it helped me mature in a, in a very professional way where I paid attention and nothing but working on my craft.


How to be the best player, best individual, listen to all the OGs. Like I didn't have no outside distraction 'cause I can't have the homies come up. I can't have had a fam come up, nobody got no damn passport. Right. It wasn't easy getting a passport. So it was something that, that definitely was a necessity in my career at that point. And a lot of, a lot of things that I learned from my time being away from home, then I still carry to this day just understanding solitude and being able to be be to myself. Is that the first time you felt the Calm? Yeah. Yeah. Unknowingly too You know what I mean? Because there wasn't no distraction. I had no choice but to be to myself. And with that You know, now you gotta figure out You know how to, how to do laundry, how to, how to what, what to eat, feed like so much stuff.


When before You know I'm gonna just go to moms, man, I'm gonna have moms make me something to eat. This, this. So it, it definitely was a calm, like I said, even to this point, to make it easier for me when I need those moments to be alone. Like, it's easy to do The decision to leave Toronto. Why was that? That was tough. That was tough because at that point, You know I was nine years in. It was the only place I ever knew. Only place I You know, wanted to stay invested so much there. You know I grew there. I was 19 when I got drafted, had two kids up to, to that point. So I became a father. Like just was a lot going on. You never thought in your mind that you, you were leaving a place that You know you had so much su success in. So when that happened, You know it took a hit.


But You know, looking back on it, I'm glad You know it happened because that's another point in my life that was needed for me to grow much more than i I ever could imagine. Was the, was the rumors of you going to LA ever Real? Was that like real, that was real Was real. Yeah. That was one 100% real. You Were gonna play with LeBron? Yeah. How, how close did it get? It was basically like a done deal at one point. And I remember waking up And I. I, I remember leaving LA 'cause I just knew like man free agency starting, I'm about to sign with the Lakers. It's about to be a show like You. know what I mean? So I took a vacation, got away, I went the, I think I went to Cabo or something. And You know, I, I look on Twitter, they went a different route. I was like, I thought, I thought it was a done deal. You found out from Twitter?


Yeah. Yeah. Oh, the Lakers. Is that how that works? Changed their mind. The Lakers changed. Their You know, changed their mind. Thanks. So you and Cabo and like, so what happens? How do you feel? What do you, who do you call? Like what, What's crazy? You don't call nobody. You just basically like You know, figure out your next move. Wow. You know because just because something probably could be a thought or a word agreement don't necessarily mean You know. Gotcha. It's, it's, it's set in stone. You know. So they chose to go a different direction and that's, that's when I went to Chicago. So, but before Chicago it was a good chance I was gonna be a legger. I always wonder how did that make players feel when they look on Twitter and see that they've just been shipped somewhere? 'cause it's almost like you not even human. Yeah. You're just a product. Like, and and that's another thing I talked to a lot of guys about that.


It's a lot of players in our league that kills they confidence.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always Secure cargo.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports where we live at the intersection of sports and culture up. First I explore the making of a rivalry. Caitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. I Know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball is just because of one single game. Every great player needs a foil. I ain't really hear the noise. I just come here to play basketball every rekindle day. And that's what I focus on. From college to the pros, Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Angel Reese is a joy to watch. She's unapologetically black. I love her. What exactly ignited this fire? Why has it been so good for the game? And can the fanfare surrounding these two supernovas be sustained? This game is only going to get better 'cause the talent is getting better. This new season will cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


The Black Effect Podcast network is sponsored by Diet Coke.


This summer, a lone gunman on a rooftop reminded us that American presidents have long been the targets of assassins. Nearly 50 years ago, president Gerald Ford faced two attempts on his life. In less than three weeks, a Woman fired a shot at President Ford. President Gerald R. Ford came stunningly close to Being the victim. A woman dressed in a long red skirt pointed a 45 caliber pistol at the President. These are the only two times we know of that a woman has tried to assassinate a sitting us president and the two assassins had never met. One was the protege of infamous cult leader Charles Manson. She is 26-year-old Lynette Alice Fromm. Nicknamed Squeaky. I always felt like Lynette was kind of his right hand woman. The other, a middle-aged housewife. An aspiring radical working undercover for the FBI Identified by police as Sarah Jean Moore, Sarah Jane could enter into these areas that other people couldn't. A spy. Basically The story of one strange and violent summer. This season on the new podcast, rip Current Here episodes of Rip Current early and completely ad free and receive exclusive bonus content by subscribing to iHeart True Crime Plus only on apple Podcasts


Parents. Are you looking for a screen-free, engaging way to teach your kids the Bible. One that's easy to understand and enjoyable for multiple ages. Kids Bible Stories podcast is here to help. I created this for my own children and it's now a favorite among thousands of families. Kids love the vivid imagery, scriptures and sound effects. While parents appreciate the apply section for meaningful conversations, we have hundreds and hundreds of beautiful episodes that bring the Bible to life. When you simply press play, it's a sound and practical resource that walks alongside you as you teach your kids. We want kids to see how incredible God's word is in an engaging and memorable way with Kids' Bible Stories podcast. Listen to Kids' Bible Stories podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs And. I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast. I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I love this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show, we dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in The World Plus serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hmm. They don't understand it and it puts some, an aspiring like downhill like emotion that they can't get out of. And a lot of times you'll see a lot of these guys that they good players and that one obstacle hit. They never the same because a lot of, a lot of guys can't bounce back from it from a mental aspect. Expectations set on them. They feel like they didn't reach it. Now they feel less than they, they, they, it's, it's a lot that goes into it that gets overlooked. You know. I understand that's a, it's a business, but a lot of times guys feel a certain type of way when that do happen. And, and a lot of times it's hard to bounce back from me All. We got more with DeMar Derro when we come back. Don't move. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's djj. NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The, Breakfast Club. Laura Osa filling in for Jess.


We're still kicking it with NBA ball of DeMar de Rosen. Charlemagne. So what made you choose to play for the Kings? Be honest. The opportunity to compete to win was there. And the other side of it, obviously the financial part to be still receive what you worth. Absolutely You know what I mean? Like, lemme Look that contract up. He's like a bird over there. He laid worse than a bird. Pull it. Okay, Look, Look, he got, this is 16 year in the league too. 16. Yep. What, what's the contract? Charlamagne. Hold on. That looked wrong. 16 three year deal worth up to 76.7 million. Including 3 million and unlikely bonuses. Congratulations DeMar. Appreciate you appreciate that, Man. 16, you see yourself going like 20 Physically.


For sure. You know, I I definitely could do it. I, I take care of myself. I don't do nothing. I don't go out, I don't drink. I just either be my kids or I be chilling. Like I don't do nothing. So physically for sure, mentally that's the tough part because You know kids getting older, missing so much stuff from the kids that, that becomes more of a priority more so than anything. Like You know, I hate my daughter asks me if I'm gonna be at a, at a dance they have. And I'm like, I'm on the road. I I can't make it You know what I mean? That, that'd be the tough part. So You know, seeing them get older and missing a lot of stuff that, that makes it harder on me to say, let me go for 20. Why Did you You know leave dispersed? Because You know Greg Popovic. He writes the Ford in your book, I saw you telling the story about how, I think it was after your father passed Yeah. And he came to see you and y'all just kicked it for like some hours.


Yeah. And like, like why leave that type of environment? You Know, it's crazy. Like Pop's such a real dude because even in that point, like he just wanted me to be able to go somewhere to win and kind of You know because the, the team was going a different route. They was kind of going younger and You know, he just told me my last year in San Antonio, wherever you choose to, to go, I'm gonna make sure it happens. That's why I speak so highly at Pop. Even hap like You know pop text me last night, like just randomly like You know like the most positive message you could always get. You know I love when pop text me, but Pop You know. He, he was the one that come to me saying like, go somewhere where you can go be happy and be yourself because we go on a different route here with the team. Wow. You know.


So pop a real dude for that. What makes him such a special coach? It's not about basketball. Mm. You know it's been, I always tell a lot of guys around the league, like you think it's basketball, but it's been so many days where pop we will come in and we think we about to watch film on a game previously or something and he'll sit us down and we'll watch a whole show about penguins and you'll be lost in the moment. But you also will watching realize why he have his watching it. Because how penguins come together and sacrifice during certain seasons how the males come together take care of the eggs while the, while the female go out and hunt for six months is it's like a deeper meaning that he puts you in front of to show you like humility from a a, a different level You know what I mean?


And, I may be times where you lose two games in a row. Everybody mad complaining and he'll come in and show clips from a third world country of kids training at 14 years old to playing to be in the army. And he'll tell you, ask yourself like, what is it really to complain about? You get paid millions. Like you get to do what you wanna do. There's people out there suffering from real things You know. So he put a lot of stuff in perspective and he know how to get the most outta his players more than anything. When y'all watch the Penguin Doc that it's so that they have same sex behavior. 'cause a lot of times they say same sex behavior in penguins has been observed in zoos, but it's not clear if it's common in the wild. Nah, nah, I ain't get that. I ain't get that far. So let me ask you about That's true.


That's crazy. But that's that's true. They'll, they'll look it up later. Okay. Now tomorrow, let me, let me ask you about your pops. You, you said, you said I knew my dad loved me and he was larger than life to me. Yeah. But he was the only person that you was scared of. Oh my God. Yeah. But how were you as a, as a parent? Are you the same way with your kids? No, because the fear he put in me, I always tell myself I didn't wanna be like that to my kids. But it kept you straight, kept you out the Street. But it kept me straight. But I also grew up in the streets. My kids don't That's true. Know nothing about the streets. So I approached them more so with love and patience and, and understanding. When before, like my parents paired me in a sense of survival. It was always a thing. My mom always used to told me, when you walk out that door, make sure, I don't care what you you do, you walk back in this house, but every time you come back in.


So with that, it, it gave me a survival instinct to understand like, no matter what I gotta, I gotta make sure I make it back to the house You. know what I mean? Because it was tough. So You know my kids. Nah. When did you realize that? 'cause You know as a kid you think your dad's just being hard on you and you like, I hate him. But then when you started getting a little older and you start having kids, you understand everything. Oh Yeah. You understand so much. Even to this day, to this to this moment, I still have moments where I I I fully understand why my parents did a lot of stuff that they did You know and, but You know when it comes to like that tough love. I don't think it's necessary. Necessary. Like it's like it was with my dad. For me, especially growing up in Compton. You Know, it's so interesting I saw you say in the book that you were afraid to have a son of your own 'cause you didn't feel that you could deliver the same brand of tough love that he did.


And two things that I I I learned in therapy. Number one, I felt like my dad used to discipline me for things he never taught me. But also my dad was raising me out of fear and not love. Exactly. He was, and And I think, well what we call tough love is actually fear because Yeah, he was afraid 'cause you was in the street. Yeah. It like, when I was in the street, my dad did not want me to make the same mistakes Exactly. That he made. Exactly. Yeah. And even now, You know I got four, four girls and, and one son. And having that, especially with my son, I think about my father more so than anything. But with him, he brings like, I give him the joy and, and the love that he deserved. Like I do my daughters You. know what I mean? Because when I was a kid, I always wanted that for my dad. I always wanted the approval for my dad. I always wanted to make sure I made him happy.


But that was the tough love he was giving me. That made me question that at times. So You know with my son, like I, I definitely didn't want to come off that way You know what I mean? I didn't want to give him that, that tough love. It may be times where it's needed, but for the most part, You know my son is, my dog long's with my daughters. But You know having a son now, it makes me think about my dad more, more than anything. Now Is it true that you said Jordan on the Wizards is your favorite, Michael Jordan, but you don't do drugs more, More so you Gotta explain That one more. So from the standpoint of like how simple he made the game at, at such a, he was 38, 39, 40 still, but That was your favorite Jordan. It wasn't my favorite, but it was more so the one that I could, I remember watching the most You know what I mean?


I'm, I'm 35 when You know I was what, 12, 13. When, when? When Mike was with the Wizards. So it was more me understanding and like watching. And you fell in love with that Jordan? No, I, I love Jordan. Oh, okay. But I more so fell in love with that Jordan, with the style of play of how I play now. Okay. You know what I mean? Obviously you don't agree, huh? No, I mean no, I mean I get what he's saying, but that 23 on the Bulls, No, 23. That's definitely something else is What's your favorite bro? My favorite bro. That's a good question. I mean second Cleveland stint. LeBron probably my, my favorite bro because that's the LeBron we couldn't get past when we was in the playoffs. He was unstoppable. And you, you had a relationship with Kobe too, right? Yeah, Kobe. Kobe was, I had a relationship with Kobe ever since I was probably 15.


Wow. Wow. 15, 16 years old. Just growing up in Compton, like Yeah, growing up in Compton then I always used to go to his camps. Then obviously when I was in high school being a top ranking high school player, he used to have these late night runs where we would go up there and play You know he used to hand pick who he fell in love with as as players and You know I was one of one of the, one of those ones. And by the time I was a senior in high school, You know he had gimme his shoes. I wore his Kobes all I think my senior year in high school when I went to college he used to gimme a lot of his shoes. So we always had a relationship ever since I was young. For sure. Where do you rank them? Like where do you have, because we just finished talking about My goat. Okay. I'm be honest, I tell everybody my goat, for many of reasons You know that was the first person like I watched, like growing up in la that's the only NBA game.


I used to could watch the Lakers. So I watched every single game of, of his, I cried when he shot the, the air balls versus u Utah in the playoffs as a kid. So I always had a emotional attachment to him growing up, watching him play. Then obviously him being my mentor by the time You know I got in high school and throughout, throughout my time in the league. All right. We got more with DeMar Oz in his new book Above the Noise. My story of chasing Calm is out right now. We'll be back as The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. We are The Breakfast Club is still kicking it with NBA baller. DeMar DeRozan. Charlemagne Did the NBA provide proper grief counseling after Kobe passed being, because I even If you didn't have a personal relationship with Kobe.


He influenced so many people and inspired so many people. Did they, did they handle that correctly? Because y'all was in the bubble too around that time, right? What was That? The bubble? Yeah, I think that was a bubble year. Yeah, that was that same year, right? Yeah. Yeah, because that happened. Yeah, that yeah. Yeah, because that happened that year. Then the league stopped then that summer we went to the bubble. Yeah. Nah, You know what's crazy. I think during that time as players we, we, we kind of embraced each other deeper than, than anything because you start to look at the, the person next to you, like, man, damn this, if this could happen a cold, this, this could happen to anybody. Right? And it kind of hit us all hard, man. I remember the day it happened. I remember we had a game and a lot of people would cross the lead start to You know basically text and talk before the game.


It's like, should we even play? A lot of people was contemplating on not even playing because just out of respect for Kobe and everything, but we end up You know everybody end up holding the ball. Think we held the ball for 24 second shot clock. You know, just try to You know pay, pay respect to him. But You know, we, we all bridged together as players more, more so than anything. I was playing against him. 'cause that was your idol, that was your goat. Y'all played what, 10 games in the league against each other? Probably more than that. I think for, for me it was, it was cool because You know I was even able to be a part of his last all-star game in Toronto. You know, to honor him. Even that season, I think we honor him. When he came to Toronto, I gave him some special shoes, special made Kobe shoes.


It was amazing being able to play against your idol, somebody you looked up to. And knowing how crazy he was on the, on the court, the aura that he carried. Almost similar to the stories I hear about Mike You know. And to see that in code whenever he stepped out there on the court, the things he was able to do was, it was beyond incredible. I, I think I, first of all, I love the title of your book, right? We're talking to Demarro and Above the Noise, my story of chasing Kam. I think we all know what noise sounds like, right? Yeah. What does, what does calm sound like? 'cause one thing you said earlier that, that hit me, 'cause I I I understand that feeling is when you feel peace and you're a person that's used to dealing with anxiety about the depression, it scares you a little bit. Man, IIII, I think I said this the other day, it was kind of like You know that eerie feeling you get when you in the middle of somewhere and it's just too quiet.


That's Right. Like, and you waiting for something to go wrong. Like Just waiting like it, it makes your nerves kind of even worse in that moment because you, you kind of on 10 from there. So that was even a Chandler for me. And I used to try to figure out ways on really how to like accept it and, and, and a doGet. And it got to a point to where I started going to like Montana, Wyoming, going to these random places where it is just completely natural sound and just like getting lost in it and understanding it's okay to be within peace. It's okay to kind of decompress away from everything else that's going on. 'cause this the truth way to find and center yourself and kind of really think clearly for a second and not question it.


What, what is it that makes Compton so special? Man? Man. Like, like just think about all of the great iconic culture shifting people who have come outta Compton. Yeah. It's, it's, it is wild because I've had moments where You know when I go back home and I'm, I'm leaving out this like city and you really just sit and realize like, man, this, this small city, them birth some of the greatest individuals that that ever touched. The. World. Right. You know what I mean? And it gives me the chills a lot of times when I think about it because You know it make me even feel even more proud even being from there because it don't happen by accident. This ain't You know what I mean? God like, like it's, it's something about this place that have so much to offer that you, that you see.


I'm just honored to be a part of it. Be honest with you. It's hard to pinpoint what is it, but it's, it's something amazing because we got some grace to come out of there. Now you played in Toronto for years, but then Kendrick's from Compton, Drake is from Toronto. That's your guy. How do you, how do you choose what you gonna get into and what you're not gonna get into at that point? You know what's crazy. It's like love 'em both family. But at the end of the day, it's like I'm, I'm from Compton, like my city where I'm from, where I'm born, where my family still live. It's like that comes first before anything You know And, I feel like any real person will understand that You know. And that's just what it is. Like. And it's so crazy because my second home became Toronto. Right. That has one of the greatest of all time being from there too.


So, Ooh, Watch your mouth. Drake, watch your mouth. So you not mad about the Super Bowl. Watch your mouth Kendrick at the Super Bowl. No, I'm not mad. I'm not mad. I understand it like yeah, we for sure love to see Wayne up there. And my thing too is like everybody was in such a up world. We don't know Wayne was still going to do it You know what I mean? Like, we don't know. We didn't know 50 was doing la but we was, it was such an honor and surprise to see him still do it. He can't do that though. Ooh. Wayne can't pop up is across enemy lines. Lam Kendrick. I mean, I mean that, That part of it, I that would be crazy. You think so? Yes. Called them a pedophile. Come on man. They tried to Super Bowl Kendrick. Put your name in the song. I'm glad De Rose came home. Y'all didn't deserve 'em neither You being in the video, they were acting like you Man.


They Crossed enemy lines or something even though that's your guy. So imagine Wayne showing up on Stage. I mean Yeah, true. What, What you want to say. I see dead people too and then walk off from that wouldn't work. True. That's why I'm glad I'm not in an entertainment business. Yeah, because y'all job is, is definitely difficult. Listen, it is dope. Regardless of how everybody look at it. I think it's dope. Go back to the Compton thing to see somebody from Compton headline the Super Bowl. Like Again. Y'all just had one two years ago. Yeah. Innocent LA in two years from now too, so Yeah. But yeah, I don't know. I just appreciate the moment. I would love to see Wayne You know, I I love to see You know cash money out there. I love to see no limit out there.


You know. So I don't think too much into it when it happens because I'm pretty sure it's more of a surprise that probably do come with it. And that's just me guessing. I don't, I don't have no insight on anything. That's just me guessing. You Know. I want you to break down the concert. Right, the concert you did in Juneteenth in in la Right? Of course we seen from the outside we seen the music side. Yeah. But everybody was talking about what he did for Yeah. The street and local. So break that down for people that don't understand. Yeah. That part of it. People Gotta understand. Like I know it could, it could seem like people celebrating whatever it come to the dis or whatever. But for us, the weeks leading up to it, the conversations that was had about certain people being in the same building that haven't been around each other, same people that's been having issues, internal issues, hoods, individual problems with a lot of, a lot of people.


For everybody to know that they gonna be under one building and act accordingly. No problems, no issues. I remember when I first got there, I remember walking in the back, And, I see the line of every single entourage, every Hood, every Hood. I'm talking about blue, red, blue, red, blue, red, blue. Like you see it every and there was no issues, no problems. Everybody talking in that moment. Fear symbolized what really was going on that was bigger than just with the outside. People may be looking at like, oh the beefs they doing no. Like some of these dudes haven't even been in the same building in years. And some of these dudes hoods done had serious issues with this other hood. So it's like we all in here. Was it not one problem?


Wasn't one argument going or leaving? And that was the most incredible thing for me to witness. Ladies And gentlemen, DeMar Derro. And this book is out right now Above the Noise, my story of chasing calm. And we appreciate you for joining us, man. Don't be a stranger either, man. Nah. Yeah, for sure man. I appreciate it. Book my Knicks beating up on y'all. You come on. You come in say what's up. I wish you much success this season. I don't have an NBA team. I like players You. know what I'm saying? So I You know. I wish y'all much success in Sacramento. Thank you brother. Appreciate that. Absolutely. It's The Breakfast Club. It's Jamal Osa. Now let's get to Jess with the Mess with Lauren Osa. Your music is real. Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't nobody world.


Why Jess Worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coach. Lauren. Lauren Osa And I got the mess. Talk to me Man. Unc Shannon Sharpe at the time of this report. It is 7 53 8:00 AM Shannon Sharpe is trended number one on Google Trends worldwide. And it has been going on actively for 18 hours. And y'all wanna know why, why he was on Instagram live yesterday on accident, according to him engaging in some activities with a young woman named Michelle. We do not know who Michelle is, but the activities were sexual activities. And you could hear on the moaning, the groaning, the, all of that, the kissing, the slurp.


It was a lot. So of course when this happened, it went viral with everybody trying to figure out what the heck is going on. And he addressed the fact that a lot of people said that this was stage that he set this up just to get a moment, take a listen. Obviously I I'm embarrassed. Someone that is extremely, extremely private. And to have one of your most intimate details, the audio heard for the entire world to hear. I'm embarrassed for a number of reasons people count on Shannon, ESPN. There are a lot of people that count on Shannon to be professional at all times. Even when I'm behind closed doors, I'm very disappointed in myself. Not for the act, but for to have your most intimate detail on the audio to be heard.


I'm disappointed in myself. I let a lot of people down. But guys, this was not staged. Came in, I threw my phone on the bed, gazed in an activity. I did not know IG Live. I've never been on IG Live, I've never turned IG live on. So I don't know how it works. And after a while, Jamie Fritz, who's been my longtime marketing guy, he finally got through to me and he says, Shannon, you on IG Live? I'm like, doing what? He said, it sounds like you were having sex, man. My hearts San So let me explain to y'all because UNC said he doesn't know how IG Live works. Yep. And there are some people out there that may not know how IG Live works. Look at me Again. Look at me while you saying that again and see what happens unc. 'cause do You know how IG live works? No You know. I asked you this morning how it works. Okay. So you gotta so go through the Procedure.


So listen, so you gotta swipe your phone over to the right or no? Yeah. Okay. Well you can press like you adding a photo to Instagram, right? You scroll over to live. Yep. You normally add a title, but he didn't. Then it counts down 3, 2, 1. This is a new feature. Then it says checking connection to make sure the people gonna get all the goods. Now we're now live. Right. And normally it would even tell you, right, if your connection is a little crazy, it'll say you are now live with an exclamation point. So there are some steps to getting on Instagram live, but Shannon Sharpe is saying that this was not something that was playing. Yeah. Another but, But If, you throw your phone on the bed, your phone doesn't swipe while it's on the bed and it doesn't click the live button while it's on the Bed. So I don't know know exactly what he was in his phone doing prior to going live.


'cause I'm thinking like maybe there was like a pre-recording that they were doing amongst You know the young woman and him or was he on Instagram trying to upload an inta? I have no idea. But I have never Accidentally gone live and y'all know I'd be on the Gram. That's right. I i I think it's weird. I I I don't think it's possible. It's okay to say you love Shannon Sharpe but you don't believe this story. It's okay To say that I don't believe this story. That's, I'm sorry. That's fine. I do not believe it. That is fine. I do. I I Hey, Get that off me, man. Whoa. Get that off me, man. Get that Off. How You got that camera on in the context of this story. You ple please be very particular about what you're saying. Knock It off. Goodbye. Live People. Now, now one of the things I did wanna mention because the, the clip was short. It was like a minute and 16 seconds. See the clip was short. You gotta be particular in this story.


Yeah. A minute and 16 seconds about. So a lot of people were like, yo, he was literally like growling at some point and that that was another thing heavy. He was, it was like whoa, it was intense. I know that bed hate to see him coming. Oh, you gotta be careful about what you say in this segment. Okay. So, But another thing is, is they were joking about it, right? And he said, yeah, you lasted short. He was like, now I was 20 minutes in beforehand. So You were, he said 25 don't play with him. So You was 25 minutes in, then you threw your phone on the bed and then you went back in. Then he said, he said he was so in it knee deep. She probably had the ice after. Like how you do when you playing the game? Like You know we have a, he didn't say all Of this. Y'all making this up. I swear on the nightcap. He said they was talking about she need the ice. Well oh damn. They were jokingly saying the ice after whatever.


But say the audio did, I watched it audio, I'll play the audio for you after this because I didn't Why don't Y'all have the audio now? I didn't know we could do that one. There was a lot of audio. Didn't Say he was gonna Ice, they were joking about her. Yeah, you Can't play the, you can't play the audio of him moaning. But you can play the audio of them talking about it on nightcap. Yeah. And all our producers should know that. I didn't even bring it up because the fact that moaning that's crazy. So don't put that on them. Oh, okay. Anyway. But what what we do have though is them joking about how long he was going because even Gilly was making fun of the effective how? Huh? He said we got that Brandon. Brandon said he gotta go play Brandon. Did. I know that's right. Go ahead. No, not that one. Brandon said How long did he last? Let's Take a listen to the next audio. Brandon You know, but we gotta work on your cardio.


'cause you, you was breathing heavy. You shouldn't be breathing that heavy. You shouldn't be breathing that heavy. So we gotta work on your cardio. So Ocho, when you lift weights, we gotta get you on the cart. Hit the treadmill first Doll talk your boy. Hey Ocho, I was, was I was already knee deep for about 25. Right? You were kind of short too in there too, huh? I mean you was about what? A minute, minute, minute. Five seconds. Oh No. Oh no. Hey, this ain't no YouTube short, but it's a full feature. See? Okay, so listen, listen, go. So like you said, envy. So he said he was in it for 25 minutes already. Right? So the the phone came on after all of that. Yes. So, so what? It seems like he was in it for 25. He picked up the phone. So he that, that don't make any sense? No.


Now Lauren, you used to work at TMZ? I Did. Now I used to work for Wendy Williams. So I I, tell me if I'm wrong here. Okay. There was a sex tape protocol. Wait, wait, wait. Okay. Twa, Am I lying? Lemme go on online. Lemme go on online. Go online. Like meaning that when, when, when celebrities were, I'm getting ready to leak. Okay. Sex tapes go, they would go to TMZs or people like Wendy and it'd be like a step by step thing on how to do it and even how to act after it came out. Right? Am I lying? Well, I've never, so with the, the Kim Kardashian one, right? Yes. There was no, they didn't come to TMZ at the time and be like, how do we do it? But that kind of set a precedent because with Kim Kardashian and Chris Jenner, they acted like they didn't know where the take came from. Gotcha. They acted like they didn't sell it.


Now we found out later that all that happened, they sold it to A site. Right. They sell it To a site. But in 2024, right. Even if this was planned staged, what does this do for him besides this one little moment? News happens fast these days. Yeah. And And I would hope that the good brother Shannon Sharpe slu to Shannon Sharpe drop on include mine for Shannon Sharpe. He's having a phenomenal year. He is. I would hope that the good brother Shannon Sharpe is not letting social media comments get to him. To the point where he would stage something like that to prove I don't personally see him doing Anything. You talking about the comments where they're questioning his sexuality? Yes. Yes. Because you think he did all this because of that? 'cause they've been saying that. I Didn't say that. I said I would hope that he's not Well that's the narrative that they're painting. Really. Because Shannon, here's the thing. If people wanna believe something about you, they're gonna continue to believe it.


You know why? Because you're successful If. you want people to stop criticizing you If you want people to stop having an opinion about you. Then you have to stop being successful. And I know you're not gonna do That. You know what I know now. What's that? From start to finish with for play and then the wrap up. He got a good 30 minutes in him. I'm very surprised. Yeah, That's, that's why Are You surprised? Because And I be playing with us older UNCs boy We do. Why? I don't know. 30 minutes ain't that bad. Now if he would've said an hour, then I'd be like, KA, Listen. Why is that Ka The wait that made us in shape. If y'all heard the video, which we cannot play, you hear all the kissing after them big lips. He was, they might have went for a second round so he might had a good hour. I don't think you should not be sham. You should not be shaming him for anything you heard in that bedroom.


You wasn't supposed to hear it. Whatever happens in people's bedrooms is what happens in people's bedrooms. They not shaming 'em. That's his thing. Yeah. Nobody's sham. They're more so, they're more so kind of playing with 'em a little bit because they're like, this is corny. If it was staged, that's why he kept having to say, I didn't do this on purpose. And then he Came out. If it was stage, it is very Corn came after, after this happened immediately to his Instagram account. Posted my page was hacked. He had to say no, it wasn't hacked. That was crazy. He said that team, He said a team did that. Your team, he did that. Whoever did that on your team is, that was so corny to say you're hacked in 2024. How do you hack Instagram live? I'm not saying it can't be done, but how? Yeah. Well, could you imagine the sounds that come outta your bedroom? I just hope that You know I just


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in a spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the senior you have the great Outdoors Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill, and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. Seen, Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information, always secure cargo.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports where we live at the intersection of sports and culture up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. I know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Every great player needs a foil. I Ain't really hear them boys. I just come here to play basketball Rekindle day. And that's what I focus On. From college to the pros, Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Angel Reese is a joy to watch. She's unapologetically black. I love her. What exactly ignited this fire? Why has it been so good for the game? And can the fanfare surrounding these two supernovas be sustained? This game is only going to get better 'cause the talent is getting better. This new season will cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect Podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke.


This summer, a lone gunman on a rooftop reminded us that American presidents have long been the targets of assassins. Nearly 50 years ago, president Gerald Ford faced two attempts on his life. In less than three weeks, a woman Fired a shot at President Ford. President Gerald R. Ford came stunningly close to being the victim. A woman dressed In a long red skirt pointed a 45 caliber pistol at the President. These are the only two times we know of that a woman has tried to assassinate a sitting us president and the two assassins had never met. One was the protege of infamous cult leader Charles Manson. She Is 26-year-old Lynette Alice Prom. Nicknamed Squeaky. I Always felt like Lynette was kind of his right hand woman. The other, a middle aged housewife. An aspiring radical working undercover for the FBI Identified by police as Sarah Jane Moore, Sarah Jane could enter into these areas that other people couldn't. A spy. Basically The story of one strange and violent summer. This season on the new podcast, rip Current. Here are episodes of Rip Current early and completely ad free and receive exclusive bonus content by subscribing to iHeart True Crime Plus only on apple Podcasts


Parents. Are you looking for a screen free, engaging way to teach your kids the Bible? One that's easy to understand and enjoyable for multiple ages. Kids' Bible Stories podcast is here to help. I created this for my own children and it's now a favorite among thousands of families. Kids love the vivid imagery, scriptures and sound effects. While parents appreciate the apply section for meaningful conversations, we have hundreds and hundreds of beautiful episodes that bring the Bible to life. When you simply press play, it's a sound and practical resource that walks alongside you as you teach your kids. We want kids to see how incredible God's word is in an engaging and memorable way with Kids' Bible Stories podcast. Listen to Kids' Bible Stories podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs And. I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast, I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I love this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show, we dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in The World Plus serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday.


Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts


Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Let's hope that he's, he's, he's not letting social media comments get to him. To the point where he would try to prove something to these digital deadhead. Well, that's as long as, long as he's successful, they gonna have something to say. We Live right now. We, we Live right baby. What's the noise that come out your bedroom charm man. Donkey of day is up next. Okay, we need Joe Biden to come to the front of the congregation. We like to have a world with him. Ask Me mine. 'cause it's like silence and sleep. Oh yeah. 'cause you by yourself tears. This, this. Are we watching texting the city Insecure? Yeah. This is Laurence. This Is Lawrence. Er. Crickets is crazy red. I thought we was friends. I was yours. You at least hear the TV all Think Lauren got no cripps in there. I, that's how lonely. I think she's all Wow.


Donkey. The today's up next is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. You are checking out The Breakfast Club. Your execution on the donkey of the day is something to go. We, They gave me Donkey of the Day. And. I deserve it. People need to know. Well, you need to tell them I am. Because you have the voice. Tell them. Tell tell them. Tell Tell man. It's time for Donkey of the Day. It's a read, but you're so good at it. You trying to be a fake ass charlamagne There only one Charlamagne alone. Damn Charlamagne. Who you giving Dusty other day too. Now? Well, sexy Red Donkey today for Thursday, September 12th goes to President Joe Biden. Listen, the Vice President has a slogan. And the slogan is, we are not going back. And that slogan can be interpreted all types of ways.


But one of the things Democrats should not go back to is cowardly politics and terrible messaging. What happened yesterday while President Biden was at an event comm commemorating the 23rd anniversary of the nine 11 attacks was a form of those cowardly politics and terrible messaging. See, president Biden decided to wear a red Donald Trump hat. I cannot make this kind of stuff up. Let's go to Sky News Australia for the report, please. Well, the US President, Joe Biden, has been spotted wearing a red Donald Trump campaign hat speaking at a nine 11 commemoration event this morning. There it is right there. The president was videoed as he wore a cap that reads Trump 2024. Lord have Mercy. President Biden, president Biden offered a hat to a Trump supporter in the crowd while speaking.


Who in return gave the President that MAGA hat in exchange a Trump support account on the social media platforms, posted an image of Biden wearing that hat, thanking him for his support. Donald Trump would never, okay, a day after your vice president has a phenomenal debate against the former president of the United States of America, Donald Trump. You missed the President decide to put on a hat that says Trump 2024. Now, I'm not the highest grade of weed in the dispensary, but that doesn't seem like a show of support for your vice president. To me, this race is gonna be tight. Okay? This race can be swung by just the tiniest fraction of votes, which won't fare well for the Democrats because Trump is gonna challenge the results of the election.


We know this. Don't act surprised when it happens. Okay? There are gonna be Republican elected officials all over the country who will refuse to certify the results of the election. Donald Trump's Supreme Court, in my opinion, in light of so many of their recent rulings, including but not limited to the presidential immunity ruling, which gives Presidents absolute immunity from criminal prosecution. In light of rulings like that, I believe they would overturn the results of the election. So Democrats only defense against that is large voter turnout. That's it. By the way, that's always their only defense against voter suppression because they can't get things like the John Lewis Voting Rights Act or the Freedom to Vote Act passed. So when You know you need that kind of turnout, why is the sitting president would you wear a hat in support of a person who is the op of your running mate?


He is an OP in regards to your administration. You, president Biden, you call him a threat to democracy, okay? If he's a threat to democracy, why are you wearing paraphernalia that supports him being president in 2024? You said you did it as a gesture of unity. You can't call someone a threat to democracy and then wear their paraphernalia and want to be unified with them, okay? Nobody who opposed Nazis would ever wear something with a swastika on it. And President Biden not only wore it, he took a picture in it. Now that picture is all over social media. It is going to be in TV commercials, digital ads. Donald Trump's campaign immediately, as you heard in the news report, thank Joe for the support. Another post from them said Kamala did so bad in last night's debate.


Joe Biden put on a Trump hat. This is why you gotta keep Joe Biden in the basement, right? We not going back. Okay? Since the VP has been the nominee since she's been at the top of the ticket, you see all the Democrats who have political courage and who are actually good at messaging front and center. You see Governor Josh Shapiro, you see Governor Gretchen Whitman, you see Secretary Pete, you see Congresswoman Jasmine Cocke, you, Jasmine Crockett. You see Congresswoman Wow Ayanna Presley. Okay? Just to name a few. These individuals have political courage. They aren't cowards at all, and they have very clear, relatable messaging. Joe Biden represents a regime that simply doesn't have the courage to stand up to the bullies. A day after we watched the VP bully the bully, the president of the United States of America is back trying to get along with the bully.


He wants a gesture of unity with the bully. That's terrible messaging. Okay, let me tell you something, president Biden, if Donald Trump gets back in office, he's putting you in jail. Alright? He's already vowed to prosecute his political opponents. Trump wrote on social media just his past weekend. When I win, those people that cheated will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law, which will include long-term prison sentences. And please be aware that please be aware that this legal exposure extends to lawyers, political operatives, donors, illegal voters, and corrupt election officials. This man is going to lock your ass up if he becomes president again and you wearing his hat, you wearing his campaign paraphernalia.


This is why Democrats have to keep Joe Biden in hiding every time Joe Biden steps outside his GPS tells him he's arrived, but it's never where he meant to go. Okay? I don't want him talking to anyone. I don't want him answering any questions. Can you imagine Joe Biden having a press conference right now, having to navigate his way through tough questions like what's today's date? And then after Biden took a picture in the hat, he took a picture with a bunch of kids with Trump paraphernalia on, look, I'm all for bipartisan togetherness. Okay? But not when you're trying to win an election and somebody, please tell President Biden this isn't a Republican party he came up with.


Okay, it's maga. I don't know why Republicans just gave the party to maga, but they did And I don't know. Maybe President Biden thinks MAGA stands for Make America geriatric again. Okay? He's sick of the disrespect the old people. And he wants you to know Bingo Knights and IHOP senior citizen specials will never go outta style. Make America geriatric again because who needs fast wifi when you've got a rocking chair and a good story. The moral of the story is President Biden, it's time for you to move like a VP for these last 50 days and just be quiet, okay? Please give President Joe Biden the biggest hee-haw. Come On now.


He couldn't stop for the babies though. Charla the kids. No, not wearing that mag hat. No, no. Watch. Let me, let me show you how serious it is. Charlemagne, can you wear my giant hat right now? Boy, please. See, I'll, I'll, if I had a light in here, I'll set it on fire. See, and this is just a football team. You got your mind. He looked A for a lighter too. I saw you You know when I was a young lad. I think that's the right word, young lad. When I, a young, young lad, right? In 19 19 10, in 1,910 when I was a young lad, damn, I had a mark rip my mama bought me a mark rip sweatshirt from Family Dollar Mark Rip used to be the quarterback for the Washington Redskins. You see, I'm from the country, right? Most corner of South Carolina. So we used to have to burn our trash.


Like we didn't have the the trash pickups. So we used to have to burn our trash outside. So sorry. So that trash was outside burning. My daddy took that sweatshirt and threw that sweatshirt on the trash screw, threw it right on that fire. Okay? So you're not gonna wear my giant track. You don't wear ops paraphernalia, period. Okay? I just keep hearing instrumental. That's my song Lu. You alla Balla, Okay. That had nothing to do with nothing but it alright. You Know I just noticed something, but I'll mind my blood. Leave Me alone. Don't do It. Leave. I just Noticed. Go ahead. What You notice? I ain't gonna say nothing. Can't say it. What you think I noticed, Lauren, this has nothing donkey today over this. What do you think? I whisper. Want me tell my headband?


Yes. Yes, because I need my braids done. My girl canceled on me. But she coming up Saturday though. She coming up Saturday. I'm struggling. My baby hairs are full grown over here like it is insane. He said it Ain't amazing. I'm just happy for growth though. You're Not gonna believe Not that new girl. You ain't happy for new growth. Lemme tell you something. Yesterday furry. I heard, I'm sitting there watching Lauren and Lauren goes, damn, my head dresser just canceled on me. And as soon as she said that, her head just turned furry. It did like, I mean it just like all the new growth. I saw it come in in like seven seconds. It Did. It's gonna look so good though, when it's freshly pressed. But what about today? Oh, today is given. They didn't even know until you said something.


That's not true Until you said something. That's not true. All right, gals. Right? All right gals. When we come back running for president of the United States representing the Green Party. Yes. Oh, I was trying to hit your head where your new growth is at. Dr. Jill Stein will be joining us in her running meeting. Yes, she will. Dr. Butch, where? And Angela, I will be in here with us for that. Yes, it's gonna get spicy. So tune in Mr. Breakfast. Love. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Lauren La Rosa is filling in for Jess. And we have our sister Angela Rye with us this morning helping us out. Hello. And we got some special guest joining us. We have Dr. Jill Stein.


Welcome. Hello. Hello. And Dr. Butch. Where? Good morning. Yes sir. Good morning. Morning. We in the building. Y'all are the Green party presidential candidate and running mate. Tell the people what is the Green party and how are they different from the Democrats and the Republicans? Well, for one thing, we don't take money from billionaires and bankers and APAC and Wall Street and the war machine. So we're a people powered party. That's what makes us totally different. That's what liberates us to actually tell it like it is. And to stand up and fight for the people, for the healthcare that we need as a human right. For the housing that we need. Because half half of America right now, half of all renters are struggling to keep a roof over their heads.


We've got really critical needs that we need to be meeting. And that's what the Green Party is about, actually fighting for people, planet and peace over profit. Go ahead. You are a candidate in 20 12, 20 16, right? What's the difference in 2024? Oh, man. It's, it's the difference between night and day. You know, it's the thing about being ahead of the curve and then the curve catches up to you. Curve is catching up to us on all the things. Really our agenda, in fact, the agenda that we've been putting forward since 2012 really is the progressive democratic agenda right now. Healthcare is a human right. Housing is a human right. Reparations to the extent that they lip service the green New Deal, the first place. Yeah, it sounds like She wants to happen if you're not planning to win an election.


Who Said we wasn't planning What I heard? Maybe I'm saying it's not the only, it's, It's hard to understand as a candidate to hear that from a candidate. It kind of gives like, well why are you here then? It does sound it does sound like you No, no. May, may I go in on this, please. I know that the, the, the deck is stacked against us, but this right here is part of our strategy. Right. Because what happens is, by appearing in a forum like this, what is gonna happen is we're gonna get on a debate stage. And when this woman goes up on a debate stage. Exactly. Well, who knows? But the point is, is that as soon as we are in the mainstream media, you Guys have a response. We'll be doing a Response. We did not meet the qualifications for a incorrect, Incorrect, the qualifications established by a, an exclusionary framework whose goal is to silence and throw off the ballot.


I don't That's what it's, I think it's voters 15% threshold. And people are saying people are are screaming for other choices. The American people are explicitly on records in absolutely unprecedented numbers saying party, we want other choices. Party. Not only do people want other choices, they wanna hear their choices. I do, I do. I do believe in a third party. I think we need other options. But it does seem like you all have a lot more smoke for the Democratic party. And. I. Just wonder why. Because they're the ones that are suing to keep us off the ballot. They're the ones that are trying to knock us off the ballot in Georgia. They're the ones that are doing everything they can Adam, to keep us from coming. If we were not a problem for them, A OC wouldn't be You know, doing her little, sorry, attack ads. You know against us.


You know that we came back at. So, so the Democrats are attacking us. We're responding in kind. Just to be plain about this. The reason why they don't want Dr. Jill Stein on a debate stage is because she will be able to look at team a red and say, this is a party that is led by a domestic terrorist and a criminal. She can look to Kamala Harris. Kamala Kamala, Kamala, sorry. Come on. Come on my brother You Know me. Hold on. No, it's, it's, no, it's honest to God, no disrespect to be, to be, to be perfectly honest. It's just the way that I had gotten used to pronouncing the name because it resembles a name that is used in West Africa. That's not But you understand the point of getting it right though. Absolutely. You have to rather on the team with the other. You gotta ab Absolutely. I will not make that mistake again. I'm big.


I love seeing black jump by black women. No, no. Hold on, on, hold on. It's not me. Listen, listen. My edge triggering. It's just triggering. Its triggering. It's listen, listen. Richly deserved and if I act a fool, check my black ass. That's fine. Like no, like no joke. Like I expect to be held accountable by my people, whether those are black folk or Muslims. So that is all love and it is all welcome. The reason is, is that we have this aspirational hope that is related to like black achievement and black power and black excellence. And it was weaponized in the Obama presidency. But so let, so let me, Could it be something else? Please? Could it be educate me? Could it be I know her? Yes. Could it be that she is someone who listens to voices on all sides? Could it be that when the opportunity you can turn your head, But I've been in the room.


No, no. I, I I I you could turn your head, but I've been in the room. Dr. Ware don't be Disrespectful Dr. Ware. You're not though. No, no, I was, but I'm just saying the room. I, I was actually not turning my back. I was looking to see what this response, what the response on the other side of the Room is over here engaged. Because I can't, I can't see it. I can't see the people that are behind me. So, so no disrespect, We're all having healthy conversation by nobody's against anybody Agree? Never my back on Angela, ever. The last thing that I need, you see what I'm saying? The last thing that I need is this sister making me an enemy. You're not. I knew you was going there. Healthy conversation. Healthy conversation because it's part of the strategy. Because don't, because I knew you was kind of getting your way to this and it's very disappointing to see you do that and then say, I'm still trying to, what are we miss we away.


So how I finish our point Go ahead, finish. Go ahead. Go ahead. And, I would definitely like to hear, I'd love to know how many members, how many voting members in the United States House of Representatives. So we have been blocked. The Democrats, us. No. How many ballot members interfere? They put spies and infiltrators on our Campaign. How many voting members? Us? No, no, no, no, no, no. Answer the question. How many voting members in the United States House of Representatives, Republican, Democrat, and Independent? How many total, How many total are there? Yes. What is it? 600 some No You know. It's 435 plus A hundred in the Senate, right? A hundred. Yeah. A hundred, yes. I said house representatives.


Okay. A hundred in the Senate of those 435 in the house of the a hundred in the Senate. Okay, how many? Just one moment. I'm not trying to put you on the defense. I I'm just saying this because the Hill is my passion. That's where I grew up as a professional, right? How many of them are Green party members? Okay. I know where you're going with this. No, I'm not going anywhere. You're attempting to show that the greens are powerless. I wanna make the point. I was not trying to show Powerless. Well, this is usually, this is usually part of that argument. What the point You trying to make? Angela? What was the point? I'm going before Dr. Before you rebuttal Dr. Stein, what was the point? I wanna know how many voting members of the green party in the house or the Senate currently exist Currently?


There are none. However, If, you look at the American people, You know how many are voting against the genocide? Hardly any. How many are voting for healthcare as a human right? Which would actually save us half a trillion dollars a year. I, we, the people are not represented. So not being there is not a strike against the green Party. Okay? And that's fine. How many of them right now, based on And I called it a wishlist? It wasn't to be offensive is, I have a wishlist too. I got one. The ideal man, I want to, it's dismissive to refer To a party problem. Wish What? Saying that is dismissive. But what Im what I'm saying dismissive language saying it's not dismissive. Hear my heart. Right? I heard your heart on the mis mispronouncing of Kamala.


Hear my heart. Alright, of, because there are none that currently exist. That means you gotta have allies. Who are your allies in the house And incident? Excellent, Excellent question. See if y'all would've just slowed down a minute. Y'all had guns blazing. And I told him it was a healthy conversation, right? Like, come on, we try to, we gotta do basic math. Please let him finish Talking to me when he said that. But how many, how many, who are the allies? Can you name some of your allies in the house in the Senate that would help to get this very aggressive agenda? You have, I said to you all, I agree with a lot of what you have there. What I'm talking about is as a political strategist, let me tell you Is your on day one, let me tell tell you on day one Your allies on Day one we stopped the genocide. Okay?


Okay. There's A lot your allies answer Question. There's a lot that I'm trying, but I can't get an answer to my question. Well, You question because you're, you. So, your your your question however, denies the power that the president has as the executive. The president has a fair amount of executive authority to actually begin the process. So that process begins with stopping the genocide on day one, which happens with a phone call. It's happened before. This absolutely will happen, especially if we invoke the weapons embargo. So Would you say that you don't need Allies on, on, on, on issues where you have executive authority? What you need our allies among the people. Alright, We have more with Dr. Jill Stein and Dr. Butch where when we come back they're running for president of the United States representing the Green Party.


So don't go anywhere. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren la Rosa is filling in for Jess and Angela Rye has joined us. Today we're still kicking in with Dr. Jill Stein and Dr. Butch Ware. They're running for president of the United States representing the Green party. Angela, Dr. Stein, in 2002 you ran for governor of Massachusetts and you lost in 2004 you ran for state representative in Massachusetts and you lost in 2006 you ran for Secretary of the Commonwealth. You also lost in 2010 you ran for governor again this time against the first black governor in Massachusetts, Deval Patrick. You lost in 2012, you ran against this country's first black president with, and you got just less than one half of 1% of total votes cast.


In 2016, you ran against Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton losing significantly with 1.4 million votes cast for you. But zero electoral college votes, which I agree with y'all needs to be abolished. But 136 million people voted and you lost that election as well. So I wanna know what the pathway to victory is for you in 2024. It can't just be, I'd like to And I. Can I respond Harris, go ahead.


I would like to respond. This is the framing of the empire and the oligarchy and white supremacy and colonialism, which wants you to feel that resistance is futile. This is about voter blaming. And Lemme just no, no, no, no, no, no time to. What you're not going to say is that I'm ever paring anything at the hands of white supremacy. This is something that's very different. This is me asking you again, it's a binary choice in An election. I'm pointing out that these are The talking win or points. No, it's not a talking Point. These are the same talking points that I didn't get my talking fight. This is not D nnc talking points. This is my research. And sadly for you, the research says you have never won an election. You have been successful in, in pushing forward certain agendas as absolutely as an advocate.


But you have never won an election as a candidate Party. Is that a great, great strategy party? So you, in order to win You know a journey of a thousand miles begins with one step. And in this case its many steps. Let point out Five, six. Lemme Point out please, you need to compare the green party, not with those who are taking money from APAC and the war machine and Wall Street I Comparing with to compare Us, excuse me. You have to compare us to other grassroots Non told me I'm a white, white sist. She said I was pairing the white supremacy. See, that's, that was my discipline. May I finish, May I, May I get to, may I please. We actually go let Dr.


Angela close it up. Yes, Please. Let me finish please. Thank you. You're trying to compare us to the Democratic party and the Republican party with their billions of dollars or to the Working Families party, which is not under attack as a people powered party, not taking money from Wall Street or the war machine or apac. We are on very different turf. But If, you compare us to all other similar parties which are not taking corporate money, which are not bought and paid for, which can stand up against endless war against homelessness, against the climate crisis, against the housing and the healthcare crisis. Campaigns like us who can actually stand up for the people they last exactly one to two election cycles and then they're gone.


So we are actually the strong, the pillar of strength among people powered politics. And what have we done over that period? We have established the green party as the vehicle for people powered politics. We have also launched the agenda, which has been adopted by the progressive Democrats given lip service, not actually advanced, but whether you're looking at healthcare as a human right, launched by Ralph Nader as a national issue. Reparations launched by our campaign as a national issue in 2012 If, you look at free public higher education, bailing out students and ending student debt. You had Congress bailing out the crooks on Wall Street who crashed the economy but not bailing out homeowners, not bailing out students.


That agenda was launched by us. So I think it's not fair and it is the talking point of a OC the other day who is taking her marching orders from the DNC. This is exactly what they say. It's amazing to hear that we are only running for presidents, women Of color as parroting talking points instead of us looking at basic math. The one thing that a OC has done that you haven't is win some elections. And so what I'm asking you, If you well, what I trying to say, want any elections? That is one point If. you wanna tell me that you want Let's push more progressive agenda win election. If you If, you If. you want to talk about 15 progressive agenda. You can do that not by running necessarily for president. Your record as A state rep candidate COEs as a Secretary of the Commonwealth candidate, as a gubernatorial candidate, as a presidential candidate, woefully lacking.


I hear, I'm asking To consider going about a different way instead of telling me I'm parroting white supremacist talking points. So I can tell You can ask you to hear the facts. The facts, the numbers are not on your side. Right? Dr. Jill Stein let's some closing remarks. Yes. You know on your campaign and then the honorable Angela, right? You can end with your I'm Remarks. I've asked my Questions. So as Frederick Douglass said, power concedes nothing without a demand. It never has. And it never will. Like so many other greens, I came from The World of social activism, the green parties. We don't need to change people's minds. People's minds have been changed by the desperate state of our economy by You. know the incredible injustices by the police state that we're living in, et cetera.


At that point, it's like a curtain went up for me. And I saw. Oh my God. This is not a matter of having to change people's minds. People are already there. It's just that people are denied knowing that there are options that actually empower us. So what's your Website for people who want that up? Thank You. It's, it is Jill Stein 2020 four.com. And yes, check us out because this election is full of what shall we say, one eighties and unexpected developments. And we, the people deserve to be heard. We are demanding to be heard and we potentially have the power if only the vote to stop genocide stood up to say, I will not hold my vote, my, my nose and vote for genocide that vote. Or the 87 million people who do not have adequate healthcare, or the 50% of renters who are struggling, who are just one or two paychecks away from being evicted and, and being out in the street.


If those people stand up to vote for what we actually can have right now, this election will be turned on its head. And if


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside, gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains, seize the thrill, and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information, always secure cargo.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports where we live at the intersection of sports and culture up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. I Know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball is just because of one single game. Every great player needs a foil. I ain't really hear the noise. I just come here to play basketball Rekindle day. And that's what I focus on. From college to the pros, Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Angel Reese is a joy to watch. She's unapologetically black. I love her. What exactly ignited this fire? Why has it been so good for the game? And can the fanfare surrounding these two supernovas be sustained? This game is only going to get better 'cause the talent is getting better. This new season will cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke.


This summer, a lone gunman on a rooftop reminded us that American presidents have long been the targets of assassins. Nearly 50 years ago, president Gerald Ford faced two attempts on his life. In less than three weeks, a woman Fired a shot at President Ford. President Gerald R. Ford came stunningly close to being the victim. A Woman dressed in a long red skirt pointed a 45 caliber pistol at the President. These are the only two times we know of that a woman has tried to assassinate a sitting us president and the two assassins had never met. One was the protege of infamous cult leader Charles Manson. She is 26-year-old Lynette Alice Fromm. Nicknamed Squeaky. I always felt like Lynette was kind of his right hand woman. The other, a middle aged housewife. An aspiring radical working undercover for the FBI Identified by police as Sarah Jean Moore, Sarah Jane could enter into these areas that other people couldn't. A spy. Basically The story of one strange and violent summer. This season on the new podcast, rip Current Here episodes of Rip Current early and completely ad free and receive exclusive bonus content by subscribing to iHeart True Crime Plus only on apple Podcasts


Parents. Are you looking for a screen free, engaging way to teach your kids the Bible? One that's easy to understand and enjoyable for multiple ages. Kids Bible Stories podcast is here to help. I created this for my own children and it's now a favorite among thousands of families. Kids love the vivid imagery, scriptures and sound effects. While parents appreciate the apply section for meaningful conversations, we have hundreds and hundreds of beautiful episodes that bring the Bible to life. When you simply press play, it's a sound and practical resource that walks alongside you as you teach your kids. We want kids to see how incredible God's word is in an engaging and memorable way with Kids' Bible Stories podcast. Listen to Kids' Bible Stories podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs And. I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast, I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I love this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show, we dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in The World Plus serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


We don't get to the White House, but we start on the road to the White House. That too is a huge win. We deserve an America and a world that works for all of us that is within our reach if we demand it. Well, Thank you for joining us. Ladies and gentlemen. Dr. Jill Stein talking with all of you. Thank you. So enjoy the debate. Thank so a great lively conversation. Thank you Angela. Thank you. It wasn't supposed to be a debate, but it was good. It was great. It was great. All great. It's the best kind of debate. It was great. It's The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Make sure you go on YouTube and watch the full conversation between Dr. Jill Stein and Dr. Butch Ware. Yes. And myself and Envy and Lauren and Angela R. Okay. The conversation is like an hour in 20 minutes.


30 minutes. Change. You know sometimes when you play things over the air, it's only what, eight minutes, 16 minutes in total. E. E. Exactly. You know so you don't get the full gist of the conversation. It was a very healthy conversation. Full. Yes. Yes. Jill got a chance to, to say what she needed to say. And I. Just didn't say child please for no reason. Shut up. Ain't nobody thinking about child If. you ident in your head. Child. If. you identify as a littles on Little. Spike Was really protecting Bay. I was protecting bail over there. I heard you protecting me. For what? Because he thought he was saying, child, please to you. I thought Say child please to you. No. So I went and defended Bay and said, say child please. He was saying, child, please. To the Democratic National Convention child, please. Child You. know what? Ever since you've been dressing like a stud, you've been bugging a little bit.


I was Arms got you. Acting crazy. See What I'm saying? I would win coming. You dressed like a stud All mother. This stud appreciation. I I always protecting bay over there. But anyway, let's get to just with the mess with law and osa. You Is real. Just Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. She don't spare. Nobody Bro. Why? Jess Worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coaches. Lauren, Lauren la I'm back. And. I. Got the mess. Talk to me Real quick before we get into the next topic. It is now 8 56. So almost a hour since we've talked about Shannon Sharpe and he is still trending number one on Google Jesus entertainment trends worldwide.


I don't know what that means, but You keep repeating It. So I think it's good. That means everybody's talking about him across everybody searching. Yes. And let me tell y'all, I wanna make sure we got this in. When I was talking about the ice comments, I wanted y'all to hear him talk about how she might have had ice herself. Take a listen. You know she might have had to put a little ice pack down there, but she could otherwise no. You know you play a hard game. You ice basketball players ice their knees, they ice their ankles, they elbows and stuff like that. After You know up and down football players. Okay, Yo, like I, when I watched it, that part I made me turn it off. I'm like, they too old for these little jokes. You know. I'm starting to realize, and maybe I should have been realizing this. Get em on. What? What? As I get older, You need ice on your knees. No, We need to be talking amongst each other. We don't need to be putting the podcast mic in front about this.


Like That's Wait, hold on. Wait, wait, wait. Something. We just need to be talking tomorrow. No, we need, we need some of this sometimes. No, now listen. No, she got, we talked about earlier how people have been, there's been You know people feeling like Shannon Sharpe was gay and that some people think that this is why he did all this. Now Ocho actually addressed it on the show. Take a listen And this and this. This is funny thing about it. Now you remember all the people talking trash and saying whatever they had to say trying to assassinate your character. Yeah. That you might be this, you might be this. So hell, I mean, I'm sitting back, I'm thinking, Hey, it was a goddamn Michelle. It wasn't a Michael. You feel me? It wasn't a Michelle. It was You. know it wasn't a Michael. It was a Michelle. That audio also goes so crazy on TikTok though.


Did he say sassy? Nate, your character. Yes. Assassins. Nate, your character Sassy. Nate is hilarious. Not assassinate. Assassin. Assassinate. Your character is HLA trying to sate your character by saying you gay. Once again, like I said last hour, I would hope that the Good Brothers Shannon Sharpe is not letting social media comics get to him. To the point where he would say Something like this. No, they, they got to him. 'cause he said, he said he cried because of this. He said he actually cried because of this. Because of why? Just listen. You can laugh at the situation. And the mistake that you made. And I done cried enough. Ocho you cried. I ain't got no no tears. You cried. Yeah. 'cause I, I'm, I'm embarrassed. I'm embarrassed. I'm embarrassed for my circle. I'm embarrassed for the people there. There are people, not, not everybody, but there are people out there that hold me in high regard and look to me as a beacon, as a role model.


Right. And. I. Let those people down. Yeah, but I'm human. Yes sir. Although I try to, to strive for perfection. There's no such thing. Well listen. Oh, he cried over the video leak. Yes. Yeah. Over the line. Oh, I thought you meant over the comments. But I mean that's because you're anticipating people's reaction to it and things that might happen from it. But now, I mean everybody in the US these Google trends are in the us Us not worldwide. Everybody in the US now they know. So you don't gotta cry no more. It's all good. Hopefully to Move can, can I say one thing just in general to everybody out there? You wake up with yourself, you go to sleep with yourself. Right? You wake up with yourself every morning. You go to sleep with yourself every night. You know you. Nobody should be able to tell you about you.


Especially if You know the truth about yourself. Can't nobody tell me anything about me. 'cause I know me. You don't know me. Especially a bunch of digital d Headss on social media. Nah, auntie gonna sleep with Michelle, not Michael and Michelle be telling him about. So You know. Now let's move on. 'cause I, I wanna You know you. We also gotta get to Kendrick. Kendrick was a big thing yesterday too. You A gay stud? Yeah. And. I. Don't even know how that's possible but you because studs all gay. But you are a gay stud. Oh, go ahead. Continue. Okay, so Kendrick, he dropped the song yesterday, but it was only available on his Instagram. I'm not for sure if it's anywhere else now. But it was only available on his Instagram at the time. And it's called Walk Them Down. Oh, I thought it was called Party.


I'm sorry. The Party died. I'm party. Yes, the party died. I'm sorry. That's the first line. Walk them down. Yes. So the fir, let's take a listen to the first line of the song, which is the walk them down line. The what I just referenced. I argue with these clowns. If the circus is swelling work, just walk that man down. That'll do everyone a solid. Its love but tough love sometimes. Gotta result in violence. If. you parading gluttony without giving truth to the youth. The graveyard is company. Just tell us what casket the truth. They party more than you tell me. What are you working for? They glorify scamming. You get chipped over this credit card. Yeah. And the song is not on Apple Music. So it's still on Instagram. Yeah. He talked about, so he talked about being disappointed in the media. He talked about the welcome down line, which I think was a shot at Drake. Basically saying like, I've already quieted him. That was good for all the people.


He, there was a line where he says that he would rather have Nipsey back than a lot of the people that's out here talking about You. know people just just be on BS and they're not real. That's a tough, we talked about women having it tough right now because they tougher than a lot of men out here. Yep. Yeah. He went It's a dope Record. Record's dope. Yeah, it's very dope. I don't, yeah, like you said Lauren, I don't believe the record is just about Drake. I think he's talking about just the culture. You know people in The, World society, the Industry, Tv, media. And I'm gonna tell you something Ken If, you gonna drive yourself crazy. Okay. The only thing you can do is continue to be the change you wanna see in The World. 'cause this ain't stopping no time soon. That's right. It's just not You know. I mean we're too far gone. Like God himself would have to come back and And even then people wouldn't believe it.


They would not wouldn't believe it. People would believe it. They'd be like, it's ai. It's ai. Hey listen, triumph could start Wu-Tang Triumph could start playing and a big to could come from the sky. And Jesus himself could come down and they would make him have to prove himself. That's right. Alright, well that is just, you ain't walking on water. That's ai. Well, Lauren LaRosa, you ain't Walking on water. That's ice All. Well, let's get to the mix. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning, wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's djj. nv Jess ais Charlamagne, the guy we are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren Rosa. Filling in for Jess. Now we got a salute, DeMar Rozen for joining us this morning. Man. Salute to the Good brother DeMar der Rosen, his new book Above the Noise.


My story of Chasing Calm is out right now. I love anybody that's out there doing the work on themselves, going to therapy, You know, dealing with that unhealed trauma that so many of us don't deal with. So salute to the Good Brother DeMar DeRozan. And speaking of that, October 12th from 11:00 AM to 4:00 PM I am having my fourth annual Mental Wealth Expo at the Marriott Marquee here in Times Square. If you've been to the Mental Wealth Expo before, you already know what to expect. I bring together some of the best therapists and psychiatrists and grief counselors and spiritual leaders and You know we all come together for a day of mental health education and healing. It is a free event. It is open to all ages this year.


Dr. J Barnett will be there. Elliott Connie will be there. Debbie Brown will be there. Dr. Rita Walker will be there. Dr. Alfie Breland Noble. Of course Tyrese is going to be there. Dr. Bryant is going to be there. So go to mental wealth expo.com for more details. But once again, it is a free event open to all ages 11:00 AM to 4:00 PM October 12th, Marriott Marquee Times Square, join us. All right. And also salute to Dr. Jill Stein and Dr. Butch Ware. They are running for president and vice president of the United States representing the Green Party. They joined us today. Make sure you go watch the full interview. You know I I, I hate sometimes playing those conversations over the air because a lot of times when we play those conversations over the air, they're edited and so you don't get to watch things in this full context.


So please go watch the full discussion. It was a healthy discussion. Yeah, and I wanna say people have been doing a really good job of sending me news tips. So news@browngirlgrinding.com is the email. Y'all are DMing them to me. All of that stuff. I appreciate y'all follow Brown Girl Grinding on Instagram and Lauren la Rosa. And we gonna keep bringing y'all some exclusives here. So Brown Girl Grind. Now it's time for the positive note. Yes. Before that I wanna say thank you to everybody I saw in Philadelphia last night. Man, I love Philly man. Philly holds a special place in my heart because Philly is the first. Philly is where I started my morning radio show career. Actually in a lot of ways my syndication career and my morning radio show career. 'cause when I came up here in 2006 as a co-host of the Wendy Williams experience, Philly was a big, big market for Wendy You know because that's what she went to go do.


Morning radio. That's where she had her son and everything. So Philly was a big market for her. So I got a lot of love for Philly And I was doing my own morning show in Philly. Back in what, 2010? I believe it was 2009. Right. So salute everybody in Philly. Make sure you go get Wallo book Armed with Good Intentions. It is available everywhere you buy books. Now we had a great conversation in Philly's last night. Sal salute to Uncle Bobby's and Salute to Taste Cheese Steaks. If, you are ever in Philadelphia that you had another one yesterday? Yes. Which, what kind did you have? Salmon. Okay. Salmon. No cheese. Go to, I don't get the cheese, but salmon. Go to taste cheese. Steak in Philly. Best cheese steak in Philly right now. I don't care what nobody says. Okay, they got the salmon cheese steak, the jerk chicken cheese steak, the regular beef cheese steak and they got another option.


I forget what it is right now, but great. Great spot, man. So salute the taste cheese steak in Philly. Alright, in the positive. Notice this, the amount ofri it takes to choose to be alone instead of poorly surrounded is extremely underrated. If, you are strong enough to choose yourself. I honor you. Have a Blessed Day Breakfast Club bitches. Do y'all finish or y'all done? I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports. Up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. People Are talking about women's basketball is just because of one single game. Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's basketball. And on this new season, we'll cover all things sports and culture.


Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect Podcast network, iHeartRadio apps, or wherever you get your podcasts. The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke In California during the summer of 1975. Within the span of 17 days and less than 90 miles, two women did something no other woman had done before tried to assassinate the president of the United States. One was the protege of Charles Manson, 26-year-old Lynette Fromm, nicknamed Squeaky the other, a middle aged housewife working undercover for the FBI Identified by police as Sarah Jean Moore in her forties. The story of One Strange and Violent Summer. This season on the new podcast, rip Current. Listen to Rip Current on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. Tune into my podcast each week to hear me and my friends in the community break down the latest matches, including the US Open Plus hear from some of the biggest names in the sport about what the future holds. It's about belief and once you break through that, then You know you can win a Grand Slam. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented By El Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Kay hasn't heard from her sister in seven years. I Have a proposal for you. Come up here and document my project. All you need to do is record everything like you always do. What was that? That was live Audio of a Woman's Nightmare. Can Kay trust her sister or his history repeating itself? There's nothing dangerous about what you're doing, They're just dreams. Dream Sequence is a new horror thriller from Blumhouse Television, iHeartRadio and Realm. Listen to Dream sequence on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your Horizons hip play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast, sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex, cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts S Sniffy Cruising Confessions. S Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to S Sniffy Cruising Confessions, sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday.