
Hey, everybody. It's your favorite play, cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning Show. You know, the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get into a tundra. With available I force Max Hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


45 years ago, a Virginia Soul band called the Edge of Daybreak, recorded their debut album behind bars. Record collectors. Consider it a masterpiece. The band's surviving members are long out of prison, but they say they have some unfinished business. The Air to Daybreak eyes of Love was supposed to have been following up by another album. Listen to Soul Incarcerated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Ever wonder what it would be like to be mentored by today's top business leaders? My podcast, this is Working, can help with that. Here's some advice from Jamie Diamond, the CEO of JP Morgan Chase on standing out from the leadership crowd. Develop your eq. A lot of people have plenty of brains, but EQ is, do you trust me? Do I communicate well? Develop the team, develop the people, create a system of trust, and it works over time. I'm Dan Roth LinkedIn's editor in Chief on my podcast. This is Working Leaders Share Strategies for Success. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Did you know that 70% of people get hired at companies where they already have a connection? I'm Andrew Seaman, LinkedIn's editor at large for jobs and career development. And on my podcast, get Hired. I bring you all the information you need to, well get hired. Landing a job may be tough, but Get Hired is here for you every step of the way with advice on resumes, networking, negotiation, and so much more. Listen to Get Hired with Andrew Seaman on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you like to listen.


Good Morning. USA. Yo, yo, Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo, Yo yo. Just hilarious. Good morning. Charlemagne the Guy. Peace to the Planet. Guess what day it is? Guess what day it is? Home Day. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and Holly Favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What's happening? That's right. It's Hump Day, middle of the week. What's up, Jess? How you feeling? Don't leather The jacket, Too. Thank you so much. I feel good. I wanna go see this movie last night, right? Magazine Dreams. No, I did not. Sorry. He wants somebody to watch this soft porn so bad. That's a soft gay porn. That's what he said, right? See that? Yeah. He watched the movie like five times.


Like, all right. Yo, for that one part. It's really, But go ahead. What'd you see? Whatever it's called. Woman in the Yard by Alvin Gray. Not, that's crazy. First of all, that would be dope if Alvin Gray had a movie in theaters. Is is this a two B movie or no? No. Yo, I just said, I went to the movies to see it. Just making sure it's called The Woman in the Yard. Right. And y'all remember the lady who played in the holiday of day fall? Her name is Danielle Dewier. She, well, y'all know. Y'all know her. If y'all see her, she, it's about her. Her husband died. Right. And the grief that she carried, like it made her suicidal. And it actually Like speaks, oh, you know what, what? I did see the, the, the previews fact. No, that's a scary flick. I, I seen Crazy black Cast. Yes, all black cast. There's only five people that are playing the whole damn movie. Mm.


But it is, it is great though. It is really good. The kids do a great job with acting, but it's good y it, and usually it's scary movies. You can predict what's gonna happen. Oh, it's like a ghost or a spirit or whatever. Nah, this, this different. Is it a real, like, did you get scared, spooky, Creepy. Mess with that. And then we get up so early in the morning, it's still dark. So I didn't even want to get up out my bed this morning. I'm That's a good movie. That's a good hard movie then. Yeah, I'm thinking about it this morning and everything. I'm like, oh my God, that's a good hard movie while I'm walking to the car and everything. So y'all need to go see that. If y'all into scary movies, it's really Good. Women in the Yard. Yes. If you in the scary movies, because I don't pay people to scare me. But if you in scary movies. Yes. Alright, well today on the show we have Bubba Wallace. He'll be joining us.


He'll be here. You know, Bubba Wallace is a NASCAR driver. He drives actually for Michael Jordan's team. He'll be here with the, I believe the CEO of Robinhood app. Steve Kirk, First black NASCAR driver in a long, long, long, long, long, long, long time. In A long time. That is right. Yeah. So we're gonna be kicking it with Bubba Wallace. Well, He half black. He half black. Yeah. Black and white. That's right at very, that is very true. You know, I don't want erase nobody's experience. Yeah, don't get wild. Don't get wild. Right. I'm acknowledging your wild side. Oh my goodness. And if you don't know who Bubba Wallace is, we just said NASCAR driver, he's the gentleman. Remember he had his garage and they found a noose hanging in his garage. Definitely more than that. God, That's not people Remember controversy, remember? Remember the nigga with the noose?


Nah. But People remember the controversy sometimes Jesus Christ. Like, oh, that son, they not gonna remember he won the second cup or this, that and the other. Right? Oh, I hope nobody ever introduced us just based on our controversy. Oh my God. I said he Was a NASCAR driver first Christ. This just gonna keep getting into it with the trans. Like, come on, come on. Al Sharpton will be joining us as well. Yeah. Yes. Al Sharpton, he got stabbed back in the day. You remember him? Jesus Christ. Al Sharpton Lost. Yes. He Got stabbed back in the day. Christ. Yes. Oh my God. But no, Al has the National Action Network Summit this week.


So he'll be here to talk about that. That's right. All right, let's get amongst other Things. Let's get the show cracking. We got front page news. I'm sure we're talking about Senator Corey Booker. He was on that senate floor for a long time. The longest in history. And we'll talk about that. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv. Just Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning, You guys. Happy Tuesday. How y'all feeling? It's Wednesday. Sorry, what day is it? Wednesday. Wednesday. Wednesday. Hump. There's Wednesday. You know how y'all feeling? Y'all good? Black. Black and Holly favor. Good. Love to hear it. All right. So last night, Senator Cory Booker of New Jersey.


He broke the record for the longest Senate speech ever clocking in 25 hours and for minutes. Now the New Jersey Democrats started his marathon speech at seven o'clock Eastern time on Monday night in protest of Trump's administration. His policies. And admittedly myself, I did not understand the gravity of what a marathon speech was, but I can assure you I do now, And I bet many of you guys do too, after seeing the media coverage. Right. So Booker, he is protesting President Trump's tariffs, his efforts and initiatives to dismantle the Department of Education and other policies saying the nation isn't, is currently in crisis. Senator Booker was allowed to take extended pauses for questions from fellow Democrats. And he also broke that record, of course, prior the record of the longest Senate speech ever.


I'll get into who had the record before that. But first let's take a listen to Senator Cory Booker's the audio of him breaking that record. Would the Senator yield for a question? Chuck Schumer's the only time in my life I can tell you no, I just wanna tell you a question. Do you know, you have just broken the record. Do you know how proud this caucus is of you? Do you know how Proud America is of you? So the point of the, the, the speech you said it was 25 hours. 25 Hours. Five hours. Yeah. 25 hours and four minutes. So reportedly, Senator Booker, he is currently recovering, recovering right now, and he says there's a good reason that he had to stand up to the Trump administration and that he knew he couldn't sit by and do nothing.


He also spoke about how his smartwatch showed some con some concerning statistics while he was speaking. Let's take a listen to that audio. They're going to try to push through a bill that's gonna gut $880 billion from Medicaid. They're gonna try to put forward to a bill that's gonna give tax cuts to the wealthiest in our country. Disproportionately, trillions of dollars. It's outrageous. And, and we have got to try to stop them. And this is really about folks leading from their hearts and deciding I'm not gonna just let business as usual go on in my life. It gave me nothing on a sleep score. 'cause it's, I didn't, my heart rate was pretty damn high after about four or five hours a little bit high that, that's concerning.


So there are definitely some physical things. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm feeling it now. Yeah. I'm not mad at it. You know, Corey showed some fight. He's doing something, you know, he's at least acting like the times we are in aren't normal and you know, I still don't know what this accomplished, but if it energizes, you know, other people to do something, I'm all for it. Yeah, that was gonna be my question. Like I said, I'm a supportive of anybody that's, that's boycotting or whatever, or taking a stand. But what does accomplish after 25 hours? Was it awareness? Was it to get people, more people talking about it, all of that With this, with this news cycle tomorrow it, it Won't even exist. You know, people won't even be talking about it anymore. So I'm just asking like, so what is, what should we do from here? I think it just energize other people to, to, to do something.


You know, Corey chose to do something, you know, like he you said he took a stand Yeah. For 25 hours. Yeah, Exactly. So, so it is no bathroom, it's no lunch. Like it's no nothing. He has to do this for 25 hours straight. Yeah. So in fact, when it comes to the bathroom, he said he fasted the day leading up to his speech and he also, you know, stopped. He stopped eating, I think it was like two days before. And then he said the day before on Monday, Sunday, he stopped drinking to avoid things like going to the bathroom. Yeah. But Now Corey, if you wore diaper, just go ahead and tell us. I don't believe that now he 55. I'm 46. My bow don't wait for nobody. My urine don't wait for nobody. There's no way he, he 25 hours, he ain't pee or nothing. Can't take a bathroom break.


Yeah, he had to take a potty break. Now you Might have had a, it gotta let him take potty break. He might had a diaper come on, a male diaper, something like that. Because 25 hours, No, nine, nine. No, I'm still over here. Like, I, I don't know. I, I don't know. Yeah. I need more details. Do you? Sure. There was no body breaks. Morgan, He was able to take questions. That's all. I'm, I I'm, I've been able to see in terms of breaks. But I do think it is fascinating that he broke the speech. The, the record for the speech, which is the longest Senate floor speech was back, was 24 hours and 18 minutes back in 1957. That was Democratic Senator Storm Thurman of South Carolina, Charlemagne, who tried to stop the passage of the Civil Rights Act in 1957.


So look how far we've come in 67 years, right? Yeah. Because ain't nobody elses going to do that. 25. 25. I was but to your point, Charlamagne, after Not, he wasn't allowed to use the bathroom. Mm. Yeah. No, you can't take a break or a recess in those things had diaper Your A catheter. No, I'm just, I don't know. But to your point, Charlamagne, yeah, it, I do think it raised some awareness. I would've liked to see somebody step in, you know, next and, and continue with an, with another 24 or, you know, but for it to end, it's kind of like, you know what now, but yeah. Yeah. And, and that was my question. You know, he did send out this mass text yesterday. Cory Booker did.


Man, Shut up. I swear To God. I know, but that's Nah. But it is what he is what he wanted from this know money. Okay. Yeah. For a donation. Alright. That's it. I'm not saying no more. That's what, not saying no more. Forget you. Thank you. But that's What it was. So it was kind of like, I'll be back with election results at seven. Okay. Hold On. So what you got the, you got the like mindsets. Leard is Cory Booker. I just walked off the Senate floor. I may be tired in a little horse, but as I said again and again, you That's the one you got. Yeah, That's the same one you got. So it's like church, It's a donation. Yeah. Yeah. I believe that history will show we rose to meet this moment. It will show we, we did not let the chaos division go unanswered. It will show that when Donald Trump chose to spread lies and so fear, we chose to come together to work together and to rise together.


If you support our movement of justice, yada yada. Now that's the reason to lock some doors. That's what, that's what he said. Close them doors. I was up here talking for 25 Hours closing doors. I need 40,000 right Now. That's how it ended. That's how the letter, that's how the note ended. Damn. Don't make me lock the door. Salute to Corey Booker. All right, get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Wake up. Wake up. Wake your As. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, we want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club.


Hello? This Yo, what's up Ference? Call Slam Lead. What's Up? Peace. Peace. Peace. What's Up brother? Hey truck driver. What's going on brother? Oh, you on Envy early in the morning. Pause. Hey, chill, chill, chill. Nah man. Look, I just want to say man, your boy is blessed. Your boy is happy. I'm still alive. You know, I got robbed. My house got robbed and destroyed. Yeah. Last week, man. But hey, I'm still alive. Still going Man. I'm sorry to hear that black man. Where You from bro? I'm from South Charleston, man, Charleston, South Carolina. Mm. 8, 4, 3. When it was a home invasion. Yeah. Emini here. I wasn't home so I guess it was just a regular burglary, but the more it destroyed my whole apartment, you know, I was saving up man, them boy.


Took my cash at my house, took a few more things, but hey man, I'm At least you Alive. Yeah. At, at, at least you alive. You know what I'm saying? You know, I was just having a conversation with one of the homies this morning, actually, me and Duval was talking this morning And I was just like, yo man, you know, we, we've lost all sense of purpose and what's important and nothing's more important than life. And you know, folks take their own lives and the lives of others for granted every day. So the fact that you even though went through this hard situation, you know that you can get the material items back your life can't get that back. So I'm glad you here brother. Yeah, absolutely. Hey, That's real. I appreciate that. Hey Charlamagne man. Hey, can I get a book? Of course. Come on now. I, We put you a hole if your Information I send Charles and asap. That's, that's Home Team Preston, did you have sir?


Yes sir. The alarm on your house, bro. I had no alarm man. And I just got my camera removed so like, I didn't have no camera, no alarm, so, damn man. I pretty much gotta get it back in my with with this hard work Man. That's horrible brother. Alright Brother. I'm sorry for that. Hold on again. And I tell everybody out there, don't get too content. I know a lot of times things get comfortable and you might forget to put your alarm on your house. You might forget to check the windows and lock the doors. Don't get comfortable. 'cause when you get comfortable, you never know what will happen. And I tell that to everybody, myself included. Hello, who's this? This is Will, how are you doing? What's up Will get it off your chest? I I had a conversation with a white guy yesterday and he said America is the greatest country in The World.


And I make the difference because we got mass incarceration. We got brothers that in, in prison that have to take plea for things that they didn't do because they have no choice. And a lot of people will say, you have choices to stand up and pick a plea. If you have a case in front of you, you're looking at life, are you gonna roll your dice? And 90% of the time as a black man go before an all white Jew, he's going to get a hottest census. And then we got, most officers is shooting unarmed black men. And we don't like to talk about race. So I don't know whether Tim Scott, which is for Southland saying that we don't have race. I'm an activist And I see it and deal with it every day. And it's heartbreaking because they stand before a judge and whatever symptoms is given to them, they gotta deal with it.


We got a man in office like the president. He doesn't deal in with the laws himself. He's above law. So how can we stand and save that? America is a great place, but the man who's running the term, the president, the law doesn't apply to him. It, it, it's just wrong and heartbreaking. Yes ma'am. So before I get off, I wanna sit here for Charlemagne. Charlemagne, you've done a lot for South Carolina. I appreciate all you've done the donation and stuff. I'm not gonna get all into it, but I appreciate all you've done for South Carolina. 'cause I know I'm from South Carolina at Envy. I've watched, I'm 65 years, so I've watched you growing, keep growing, keep doing what you do. A lot of love to y'all. Thank you so much. Thank you brother.


Have a blessed day. Really appreciate you man. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5. One of you need to vent. Hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, You better have the same Energy we wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Good morning, your boy, love from the Bronx. Good morning. My Breakfast Club family. Good Morning. Morning Big pp Lovey. What's happening? What's up Lovey? That's my guy. Well I just, I got a little pushback against my brother Charlamagne yesterday for the Donkey of the Day. As you guys know, you know, I'm a single father.


Yep. As one of my jobs. I work with Department of Children and Families. I'm an advisory to the fatherhood. I advocate for fathers. And what we, what you talked about yesterday is my point, fathers don't have support groups, fathers don't have resources. So that father yesterday could have been really in a position where he couldn't buy his kids a happy meal the next day. So I don't co-sign leaving your children anywhere. But I do know that we don't have the resources in the support groups. I, that's what I said yesterday. He just probably don't, he don't agree with you donkey today. So I'm saying if we can identify the problem and support the fathers, maybe the fathers wouldn't be in this position. I have a group called Chop It Up where we fill those void if one of the fathers can't be there, if your daughter got cheerleading, if your son got a basketball game, the father from the chop it up will fill that void.


There need to be more groups like that. Shout out to my Chop it Up brothers. But there need to be more groups like that where we support fathers and not condemn them. And that, and that is a support group. And they, they have a, a group like that in Augusta. I forgot the name of it right now, but I I said it yesterday. But yeah, you know, my my my biggest point yesterday, man. And you don't jeopardize your child's safety and the pursuit of employment because there's no job on this planet that would make up, up for something happening to your child. I don't care where you work, what job you potentially get, how much money you could be paid. Nothing comes before the, the protection and safety of your kids. Yeah, no, I agree. I just didn't think he needed to get arrested for it. I I just, I just think that's a harsh, a harsh for that man to get locked up and then have to pay for an attorney that he doesn't have.


Obviously that then has to, you know, have that on his record. It's gonna make it even more difficult for her to get a job. He, yeah, he deserved donkey today. Absolutely. But for him to get arrested, like I said, give him the resources. If it was something else, like if he was going to the club, anything else, I get it. But the defend that, that the fact that that man was trying to better his life. I I The child negligence laws. The child negligence laws, there's nothing we can do about That. Absolutely. But see the bigger problem is now Department of Chilling Families is gonna open up a case against them. So now for you see what I'm saying? So he, he, he gonna be fighting the uphill battle, but let him know that I am on the advisory board for the fatherhood engagement. So if he needs reach out to The Breakfast Club, I can tap into 'em. I could help 'em with the resources because I, that's what I do.


I advocate before I was in this position. And I also wanna say all of that is great, but you know, you do have to wait to see if this case is what it says it is on paper. Right. Because there was some people that were pointing some things out to me yesterday, which I already had noticed, but I didn't say nothing 'cause I ain't wanna put that on the brother. What's That Emini here? I'm just, if if you're job, you got a two hour job interview, you keep coming back and forth. Remember there was a witness that said they saw the guy come back two or three times, check On Him. So what job I last two or three, two hours. And what job interview let you come back and forth? Maybe said he had to go to the Bathroom and then he ran, ran. I don Just say orientation. That sound like an orientation. Like you already got the job and y'all get breaks in between.


It don't sound like an interview. That's all, that's all I'm saying. Hello? Who's this Here? What's up, envy? What's up Trav? That's hilarious. Hey Baby, How you doing Sha? Peace sis. What's happening? I'm just calling to tell everybody that the world's most amazing event is happening this weekend. Jay Coles Dreamville Fest is coming up. Okay. He about to deliver bars. He about to deliver entertainment. He about to deliver performance. He about to deliver the world's greatest rap show because it's the final Dreamville Fest that is coming up this weekend. And I hope you guys go and enjoy yourselves.


Hey Trav, you going right? Hey Trav, can I say something real quick? No. Ab you going right Trav? Yeah, I'm, I'm trying to go for Sunday to see Cole Ery, Badu and Gorilla and Tim. So I'm, I'm I'm, I'm trying to That's a great lineup by the way. And big extra plug gonna be there Sunday. Yeah. Saturday is Lil Wayne, 21 Savage Hot Boys, big timers Ludacris, Ari Lennox, chief Keith, Keisha Cole. So I, I I Erica Badu gorilla thing sound good. But did you see Kanye last night? Kanye posted no one listens to j Cole after losing their virginity. That ain't nobody listening to Kanye Said Kanye said, Kanye said I hate J Cole music so much. It's like between Kendrick and Cole, I bet you industry plants as Cole to dis Drake then we would have been accosted with a J Cole Super Bowl commercial with no scissor song to save it.


I don't know what he was talking about. He was going crazy on your boy last night. Charlie ain't pick and choose what he want to listen to Kanye because now any other time he boring, blame nothing about him. Soon as it got hurt, Trav go Trav. He was going crazy. He said, he said he Hey envy. He said he, he said Drake was hurting hip hop by giving j Cole a platform. T Trav do not. Hey Envy. Yes sir. If you happen, if you Happen to get another, you know, media pass, just go ahead and DM me and let me know. Go and check me and let me Know. Nah, you know what you gotta do to get that media passed. Nb Old King NB Old school. Nb Old school. Alright, what's wrong with you man? What you need? You know what he need to do? Get it off your chest.


805 8 5 1 0 5. Well we got the latest with Lauren coming up. Yeah, we Do. So there's a new Diddy Accuser, but this guy says that he was made to walk around with a penis mask. We gonna talk about it, It The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight fe off man. She gets him from somebody that knows somebody. Well, she gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about Everything and she'd be having the latest on. Good Lord the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything.


Well, it's the latest on The Breakfast Club. Talk to me. There is a new Diddy Accuser. This is a man from Florida. He is suing for human trafficking after he alleges that Diddy strapped a penis to his face and made him parade around Stop. Why did you clap? Because I ain't heard a good one in a minute, but I don't believe that. But continue take a listen. I heard a good Diddy story in a minute. You said what? He strapped What he said that he alleges that Diddy strapped a penis to his face and made him parade around a party. And he says that in this party, Jay-Z, Beyonce, LeBron and Gloria Esteban saw him in rare form because of this. Now was It Halloween?


No, it was actually he, he claims it was a 17th birthday party that Diddy threw for his son Christian. But there's some issues with the timeline and the de description of the party. But we'll get to that. Now I wanna point out that Jay-Z, Beyonce, LeBron James, Gloria Esteban, and they mentioned Jacob the jeweler in the lawsuit as well. But they're not being sued. They're just a part of the like story set up. Right? So this man says that this took place in April, 2015 during a B-Day party for a Christian. He says that he was drugged, he alleges he was drugged and taken to Star Island in Miami for the big party. When he got there first he stopped at Gloria Esteban's house 'cause there's a couple stops on road. And when he got there, he got to this mansion.


He then saw LeBron walking in a hallway, in a bathtub towel. And he claims that LeBron looked at him and said, y'all better do something about that because the man says that he was drugged and he was just so outta order that he looked crazy. And then the guy says, he claims that he was taken to a secret tunnel in Diddy's mansion on Star Island. And at that time he started regaining consciousness and he looks up and he notices that Jay-Z and Beyonce are there. And he alleges that Beyonce saw him and say performing. No, They they were there performing or they was They was, they was There in the party. Okay. Yeah. So They saw him with the penis on his head. Yeah. Yeah. Allegedly. Allegedly Saw him. Yes. And then he alleges that Beyonce saw him and said, what's this, what's this all about?


Ah, Penis. Sorry. That's right Lauren, go rogue. No. Oh my God. Why is there a half naked white man with a penis mask standing here in front of me? That's what, according to him, Beyonce said, Well, that's why she would've known if she'd been to a Diddy party before. That was her first time at the Diddy party. Yeah. You not sure? Oh man. Go ahead. Now again. Remember this is the second stop. So after this, now he's in, he's in the Diddy's mansion and allegedly he's being paraded around with this penis mask. And he says that he was taunted and humiliated. He says that he was then stripped naked and they put him in a small thong bikini bottom and a black leather mass with a rubber dim forcibly inserted and zipped clothes over his head.


He was made to wear that as well. It sounds like some sort of like sex toy. And then, oh yes. And then he says that there was a locking sex device that was put on the mask that protruded from his mouth. Y'all know y'all can, y'all got that. So he was, yeah. So he was awake by this time, right? Yeah. He just couldn't take it off. Yeah, he said that he was still like kind of out of it, but he had began to regain consciousness from whatever it was that he was given, allegedly drugged by. So then he says that he was then degraded and he was made to do non-consensual sexual acts. Now here's the issue with this. So the 17th birthday party, April, 2015, did happen for Christian Combs, who was Diddy's son.


But the way that this man describes this party, 'cause he said it was a freak off. This isn't consistent with the way that the freak off are described. Described in all of the federal indictments. Also too, he mentions that he saw Jay-Z and Beyonce. Jay-Z was publicly in New York on April 1st, 2015. He was at a title speaking event. Crazy. You Need to, you needed to go look it up. I had to look up a Penis pass. I don You had to go look up. Wow. Hear me. You ain't, that's not the internet. That's your phone album. Just photo album. That Is perfect for Halloween. Yeah. I'm gonna tell you something. All of these civil cases are going to be the reason Diddy walks on his criminal case because none of these civil cases sound believable anymore. Not at all. And folks are starting to get here.


Everybody, it's your favorite play. Cousin Junior from the Steer Ray Warning Show. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive. Combining Rob power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. Climb a side of tundra and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available. I force Max Engine. The Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out a Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trail. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL Speaker Toyota trucks are built to last year after year mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today, visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals. Or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Morning September, 1979. Virginia's top prison band, edge of Daybreak is about to record their debut album behind bars in just five hours. Okay, We're rolling. 1, 2, 3, 4. I am Jamie Petris, music and culture writer. For the past five years I've been talking to the band's. Three surviving members. They're out of prison now And in their seventies, their past behind them, but they also have some unfinished business eyes of Love. The end Daybreak Eyes of Love was supposed to have been followed up by another album. It's a story about the liberating power of music, the American justice system, and ultimately second chances. Listen to Soul Incarcerated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You say you'd never give into a meltdown, never let kids' toys take over the house and never fill your feed with kid photos. You'd never plan your life around their schedule. Never lick your thumb to clean their face and you'd never let them leave the house looking like less than their best. You say you'd never put a pacifier in your mouth to clean it. Never let them stay up too late and never let them run wild through the grocery store. Live on aisle six and aisle three. So when you say you'd never let them get into a car without you there, no. It can happen. One in four hot car deaths happen when a kid gets into an unlocked car and can't get out. Never happens before you leave the car. Always stop. Look lock. Brought to you by Nitsa and the ad council.


My name is Harry Houdini. Harry Houdini could make elephants disappear, walk through walls and escape the Chinese water. Torture, sell. But he was also on a mission against mediums. I have never seen one genuine medium. Join me, Tim Harford for a Cautionary Tales trilogy on the world's most famous magician. It takes a flimm slammer to catch a flim slammer. Houdini wanted The World to see reason in an age of spiritualism. He went undercover to seances, exposed fakes and charlatans and even tried to convince Washington lawmakers to ban mediums for good. A campaign that cost him friends and made him many enemies. They're going to kill me. Listen to cautionary tales on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Diddy's story fatigue. And when you hear so many un unbelievable sounding stories, you start to question everything. Yep. So I don't, it's gonna be very, very tough to find, you know, jurors who aren't biased in some way, shape or form. Yeah. Not only that, what lawyer is taking it without doing their due diligence. Like the fact that, you know, it was easy to find out that Jay wasn't even there was in New York during that time. That means these attorneys are not doing their due diligence and taking these cases and, and like you said, this is, that's gonna be the reason why people don't believe what's really going on. Yeah. Something is going on Now a spokesperson for LeBron told TMZ 'cause they broke the story that this is false and that he doesn't even merit a report. This doesn't even merit a report or response. A basic internet search shows that LeBron, what LeBron was doing on April of 2015, he was playing basketball for the Cleveland Cavaliers.


Wow. And was never in Miami. See? Wow. Now was there Due Diligence and they got him walking down the hallway with a bath towel Yes. Talking about what's going on here. Y'all need to do something about that. Yep. It's Crazy. Yep. And then Jay-Z's attorney Alex Burrow, he doubled down on what TMZ was a able to easily piece together from Google. He said Mr. Carter wasn't in Florida at the time to witness this incident. He was engaged in easily findable, in easily findable public activities that proved that he was not at this event. This is more nonsense that just erodes the trust in our justice system. And Gloria Esteban, her rep, says that, you know, Gloria strongly denies the allegations. The property in question was never a home where Gloria even resided, but it was rather a house they owned for family use.


There were no parties thrown at the property between 2012 and 2019. We have all necessary documentation to support these facts and will provide it in court. That's why, you know, in a way they need to make it to where civil cases can't be filed until after the criminal case is complete. Because it muddies the waters. Because like I said earlier, you know what I'm saying? These, these, these civil cases, you know, don't sound believable anymore. So it makes you question everything, including The criminal case. And that's some good drugs. If you can wake up and think, you see LeBron, Beyonce, Beyonce and Jay-Z And you thought you had a penis on your face. What? Hey now that's some drugs. Hey, now I'll take it a step further. I think these attorneys should be able to to get some type of charges put on them.


Yeah. The fact that they're not doing due diligence. Yeah. And you ruin somebody's name or, or you could muddy somebody's name. Muddy somebody's deal. There's no penalty and there's no penalties. Nothing. Yeah. They messing it up for the criminal attorneys. I'm telling hundred Percent. Well we talked about this or I, I said we, I be talking to myself. I talked about this on the latest LeBron La Rosa, the podcast I actually do. Okay. You talk over yourself. Emini here. Yeah. 'cause too many thoughts at one time. At one time y'all Trying to come out, But on the podcast I was saying how on Diddy side for CRI the criminal situation, even though there's that video still, right. This if I'm a juror And I keep seeing all these crazy accusations and things being thrown out. That's right. Maybe I start to be like, hold up, wait A minute. That's, and that video's being thrown out. Right? They can't use that video. They weren't going back and forth trying to figure it out. But they, the issue was that they said that they didn't have the original video.


But then remember a prosecutors came out and said, no, we do have a recording of the original video If you're a juror To that point, that's what I've been saying the whole time. If you see all of these different cases get thrown out and all of this stuff start to sound unbelievable, then when you sitting there like, well why should I believe any of this in the criminal trial? Yeah. I'm just saying about how crazy I probably sound to my videographer interrupting myself. Sound crazy to us. Alright, what happens the latest with Laura Now when we come back we have front page news and the NASCAR driver, Bubba Wallace will be joining us. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning. You're checking out The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It it's D EJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get back in some front page news.


What's up Morgan? Yeah, So let's get back into it. Voters in Wisconsin and Florida headed to the polls yesterday and what many are calling a national political power struggle. Not to mention it's like getting a temp check on the American people. You know, especially those who voted for Trump and Florida voters decided on two pivotal vacant house seats. Republican Jimmy Patronis is projected to be the winner in Florida's first congressional district. He defended de he defeated Democrat gay, gay valmont in a special house election for the seat that was vacated by former representative Matt Gaetz. And that win gives the Republicans a razor then margin in the US House of Representatives. Also in Florida, a Republican, Randy Fine is projected to be the winner in the sixth Congressional District.


He defeated Democrat Josh Whale in the Special House election for the seat that was vacated by former representative Michael Waltz. Again, that gives the Republicans just the slight edge in the house of House of Representatives. So in Wisconsin, a Supreme court, a state Supreme Court election was held in liberal. Susan Crawford is projected to, to be the winner of the open seat of the Wisconsin Supreme Court. Crawford defeated Republican Wisconsin Attorney General Brad, Brad Schill skim, excuse me. And it's, and it was actually on record to be the most expensive state Supreme court race in US history with both sides spending an estimated $100 million in their campaigns.


She, so that's an interesting way of looking at things that, that seems like the seats switched in Wisconsin, that's a win for Dems. And of course in Florida, the GOP seems to maintain their edge. Moving on to the house, a Republican leader in the house is downplaying President Trump's thoughts on serving a third term. Now Trump has said there are methods for making it happen, but there is a long way to go as it is early in his administration now House speaker Mike Johnson and said the constitution would have to be amended. And that's a high bar adding that a lot would have to happen for Trump to run again. But he could see why people would want, want him to run again.


So let's take a listen to House speaker Mike Johnson. He recognizes the constitutional limitations. And I'm not sure that there's a move about to amend the Constitution. There's a constitutional path. You have to amend the Constitution to do it. And that's a high bar. You know, we take him at his word. I understand why so many Americans do wish that he could run for a third term because he's accomplishing so much in this first 100 days that they wish it could go on for a much longer. So yet We shouldn't we, we shouldn't even be entertaining this, like we're talking about authoritarian rule as if it's normal. Like we're talking about something that's unconstitutional as running for a third term as if it's normal. And that's literally how those things get normalized. And It is unconstitutional. As you mentioned, Charlamagne serving three terms as president is prohibited by the Constitution under the 22nd Amendment.


And I know people have been, you know, talking about different ways that it can happen. Of course the president has said there are ways of making it happen. But, you know, I also found out that, that, that if he does run as let's say VP and whoever he runs with us is elected president and that president steps down, well the 12th Amendment then states that he would be ineligible to serve again. So yeah, I read that yesterday. He, he'd be ineligible to serve, he'd be in ineligible to serve again because of what's amended and the 22nd Amendment right. Yes, Absolutely. Well, between the 22nd and the 12th. 20 12th. Yeah, there's, there's no third term period. So yeah. Just, but something to watch. So when Trump says, you know, there are ways of making it happen, I'm curious to know what those ways are when the Constitution seemingly is ironclad in this.


So yeah, the Way push a question. I know it, it has happened before where president, you know, did a third. So how did that president do it Before? 'cause they amended it after this was They amended it after. Okay. Yeah, this was prior to that amendment Absolutely elsewhere in the house. I think it's in, it's interesting that House speaker Mike Johnson suffered a interesting loss in all involving his own party. Yesterday this, after nine Republicans joined all Democrats and going against a procedural rule that would've killed off an effort to allow new parents to vote remotely around the birth of their child. Now the vote also blocked votes on Republican priorities to limit power of federal judges. Johnson said, the vote remains, the vote means that h the house can no longer further seek action on the floor. This week, Florida Republican representative Anna Paulina Luna, she left the Conservative House Freedom Caucus when her colleagues would not back the bipartisan measures.


So it does look like there is a bit of a shift in Congress there. You know, people are starting to, I guess stand on what it is they believe a little bit. So, but bringing things home to you guys in New York, New York City Mayor Eric Adams is among those reacting to the DOJs decision to seek the death penalty for the accused CEO Killer or United Healthcare CEO Killer Luigi Mani Adams seems to be on board with the death penalty. Let's take a listen to New York City Mayor Eric Adams. You Intentionally went in and you took someone's life. It was a horrific act. And whatever process they put in place, I respect that process. So Attorney General Pam Bondi is ordering federal prosecutors to seek the death penalty.


The 26-year-old Ivy League grad allegedly shot and killed Brian Thompson on a Manhattan sidewalk in December. And Bondy called the killing premeditated cold-blooded assassination that shocked America. Meanwhile, man Joni's attorney says, the move shows that the Justice Department is moving from the dysfunctional from is moving from the dysfunctional to the barbaric. What do you guys think? Death penalty for Luigi Mani. That was a scary time in New York when all of that went, went down Emini here, you know, crazy destiny's not a matter of chance, it's a matter of choice. Luigi made a choice. And you know, I don't, I don't feel, I don't, I don't know how I feel about the death penalty. I really don't. I I will say if the death penalty is in play, this would be the, the perfect person for it.


Right. He actually killed somebody. He was a vigilante, did it on his own. He did it damn near broad daylight in public. Like this would be, he would be the perfect candidate for It. Right? Yeah. I I I just never know how I feel about the death penalty. 'cause I don't know if that's a choice that other humans should be able to make That ongoing type of thing about somebody's life. Yeah. Throw money to jail forever. You know what, Emini here. But I, I, I don't know. I don't, I don't know about how I feel. I never know how I feel about the death penalty. Whenever I hear about, you know, somebody getting a death penalty. I never know how I feel about it. Yeah. But to Angie's point, this is such a blatant case, right? Like this isn't a, we not gonna look back 20 years from now and be like, oh, you got the wrong guy. Right. You know? Yeah, absolutely. And I know we probably run it out time, but I wanted to mention that the target boycott is seemingly working guys.


So after Target decided to roll back their policies on DEI Retail Brew Reports, foot traffic in the store has dropped 5.7% a year over year. From March 17th. Last week it dropped 7.1% and it's been dropping 6.2% for the last eight weeks. With Easter around the corner, you would think the retailer would see a bit of an increase, but no sales continue to drop. They also reported a 3.1 loss in the fourth quarter of last year. Retailers like Costco who have kept their DEI policies have saw an increase of 5.2% in foot traffic in sales year over year. Costco reported ALS also reported 13 consecutive weeks of increases. So it looks like go ahead and continue to keep your foot on there. Next. In terms of the boycott, it is working and the retailers are feeling it.


The target praying for a resurrection around Easter. Easter, okay. They need, they open the rise from whatever, you know, current condition that they're in. Hey, I don't know, between the tariffs and Target. Yeah, it's giving Hunker down. But that's your front page news. Follow me on social at Morgan Media for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app at visit us@binews.com. Make it a great Wednesday, y'all. Thank you So much, Morgan. All right. When we come back, Bubba Wallace will be joining us. We're gonna kick it with Bubba Wallace when we come back. He's also bringing around, he's also bringing the CEO of the Robinhood app, Steve Quirk, and we'll talk to them next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious Charlamagne to God. We are The Breakfast Club. We got some special guests in the building. We have Bubba Wallace and Steve Quirk. Welcome fellas. What's Going on? Thank you. How doing's happening? Hey, another Day man. Bubba, how does it feel, And I know you get this all the time, but how does it feel being the first black NASCAR driver? Oh, I wouldn't say the first. The first in And in a while. Okay. Oh, you weren't The first? No, when Scott was, he opened the door for all of us. And so I've been the first to win since him. Gotcha. Yeah. How long ago was him? I was at sixties. Okay, Gotcha. Right. So it's been a really cool journey. Lots up and downs. Being in the Cup Series for eight years now has been, I've learned a lot.


I've, I've grown a lot. I've got a couple gray hairs in my beard from, from I guess every year that I've been in that I, I'd say every race I've been in the Cup series. But it's humbling knowing that there's not many of us there. But, you know, I'm leading the way for a generation that, that is paying attention. You have a following and a demographic that wants to be a part of this sport. It's, it's cool to be at the, at the front of that. How did you get into race? Car driving? I started when I was a kid in go-karts. My dad had a go-kart and he raced a couple times. He flipped all three times. I have yet to flip in my career, so, okay, Alright. Yeah, knock on wood. But my, my dad got us started and he invited us to come out or he told us to come out and watch a, a family friend of ours just sitting in the stands, became a fan that way. Bought a go-kart and went racing.


Where'd the name Bubba come from? My sister. Mm. Yes. We don't know why she said she didn't have a speech impediment. She just decided to call me Bubba. So she's five years older than me. She's five years older. Yeah. And it stuck ever since. Yeah. See, well it was confusing at the racetrack, right? 'cause I'm, I'm a junior, so hey Darrel, my dad would turn around and they were trying to get in touch with me. So we were just like, let's, let's go with Bubba. It makes it easier and it's fun. Everybody's a bubba. Yeah. Especially down south. We see that a lot. Yeah. What's up bub? What's up Bubba? Yeah. How do you, so you embrace the responsibility of being, you know, the, I guess, are you the only black NASCAR Driver at the cup level? Yes sir. Yeah. Yeah. So, so you embrace the responsibility of being that person at the forefront to inspire the next generation.


Yeah. Yeah. We got, we got some youth coming up. We got Raja Carus coming up through in the truck series and it's, it's fun being a mentor to him and the others coming through and yeah, I, I sense a a, a responsibility there to, you know, carry myself the right way, but also show that I'm here to stay and, and, and make a name for myself as well. So, you know, the only way to create boundaries is to cross them and figure out, you know, what to do, what not to do. So I, I've made some mistakes along the way, but it's shaped me and helped me to become who I am today. And so, you know, off track, on track stuff has been phenomenal. I could say this, this whole year has started out really, really strong force and nothing, nothing's better than winning. So it's been a while since I've been in Victory Lane, but it's not from a lack of effort.


What Part of North Carolina are You from? Charlotte. Charlotte. Okay. 7 0 4. So that Was big. That was big growing up we in a hub like Race car was Okay. Huge. Yeah. So like I grew up 15 minutes from the race train. Dope. So all the race teams were all within a 30 minute radius of each other. Wow. I was gonna ask how difficult was it? 'cause coming up, there wasn't too many of us in the stands and I'm sure there's not too many of us in the stands now, but there was way less in the stands. So how difficult was it, I'm sure you had to face racism, other drivers of the teams and how difficult was fighting through that? Honestly, my, my mom was my, my parents. Both my parents, but my mom was, you know, the driving force behind of just never giving the media any negative to talk about. Right. Well I failed at that a couple times, but she was always just keeping me aware of, of the said scenarios.


Right. And, and for me though, I grew up in a well diverse community, didn't see color, still don't, and it just didn't, didn't matter to me. So when I jumped into it, there was I think two of us that were of color and Benny Mingo, he actually works at our race shop now. Nice. So it's, it's crazy how he works on our race cars. But it was just the two of us and didn't bother me one bit, you know, growing up, you know, the higher you you got in the rankings, the better you got, you know, the faster the cars, you know, I was the only one and still didn't bother me. I I, all I cared about was winning. And it sounds like a very just cliche, typical straight line answer, but I didn't give a damn Right. And I still don't, because at the end of the day, we're all human beings and that's, that's how I view each other.


And we just happen to be a little bit darker than, than others. And that's okay. But if you treat each other with respect, then you demand that respect back. And, and if they can't give that back, then they're not the people for you. So that's how I've kind of viewed life And I, and have enjoyed life no matter what's thrown at us. I I agree with that. You know, when you, but you being a biracial right? Whenever you feel, when people come at you for being black, do you ever feel like, well I'm, I'm white too halfway there. Yeah. Emini here. You, you have to kind of balance both hats really, you know, you know, I have a a, a black side in my family. I have a white side in my family. And so who's fooled Better? That's a good Question. And where do you go for Thanksgiving? That's a good, I like to stay home now.


I aint, I ain't gotta do nothing. Damn. You're putting me on the spot. I don't think it's that difficult. You know, you know the side. I'm Have to go with my sister, I'm gonna have to go with my sister, the black side of family. It's good. Yeah. She named you Bubble I food. That food is definitely good. No I think just trying to just walk both past can, can be tiring at sometimes, because I just wanna walk down the middle, but it's just never that easy sometimes. So Now, before we get to your dealing with Steve, I wanted to ask how many people come up to you and, and try to race you in the street when you have a drive? And does that happen a lot? No. 'cause I have tint on my window, so you can't see who's driving. So, Yeah, all And do you ever get crazy on the street? Sometimes You just like, No, no. I, I don't waste time though, so if we gotta drive to the grocery store, I'll, I know how to get to the grocery store, but I'll plug it in GPS to see which way's the fastest way and to see if I can get there faster.


Have You ever gotten a speeding ticket? Of course. Really, Actually, it's been a long, long time. And I can say I've, I've been, I've been pulled over 20, 20 something times and only gotten like three tickets. Wow. That's, it's nice. It's nice. You paid the white side s right, Right. I thought it was because you, they recognized you. That's where I was going with bro. She gotta it first. That's what I was going


with. Now you hear the Steve, the Steve Quirk with Robinhood. So what's your relationship with Robin Hood? It's just starting out. So excited for the partnership that we just announced, be a part of 2311 and sponsoring myself and Cory Hy and a couple cup races this year. So, you know, hats off to everybody at airspeed on the marketing side of things to bring in new sponsors to the sport. So this'll be the first time that Robin Hood's a part of our sport in this sort of capacity And in it's special. So it's fast paced. I hope they can keep up. Yeah, it's a, it's our first national sponsorship of sports. We have a couple NBA teams that we sponsor that We, for people that don't know what Robinhood is and what they do. Yeah. Let me quickly explain. So Rob Robinhood basic, we have about 25 million customers, and Robinhood is a, it's an investing app. What we've been largely accredited with is bringing 25 million young, very diverse first time investors into the marketplace. So in the US we're sitting close to 60% of US households now are invested in the market. That's, that's the envy of The World. It's like 20% in Asia or Europe or other places. And what we did is just remove the friction. So if you have $5, if you have $10, you can invest. We removed all the friction, made it very easy for people to have access to the greatest wealth creation vehicle in The World. So it was important as it is for you to make money. You have to put that money to work. And we've made that really accessible for, for young people. Yeah, my kids have Robinhood in it and it it's very accessible. They, yeah, they know how to use it. They, they invest in it. They're not investing a lot of money, but $5, $10, it's a start for them at a young age. But you used to, like, the whole system used to be kind of really kind of inaccessible for young people because you had to wait till you got, you know, this amount of money to be able to do it. And so really by the time you got around to investing, it was a little bit too late. The second component that we're really, really strongly focused on is, it's one thing to give 'em access, but it's another thing to make sure that they do it in a way that's gonna be sustainable and that they're gonna have a good investing career. So we do a lot in the way of education, both within our site and the app, but also we go out to universities. We have a bunch of university programs where we help people understand the importance of doing this in a suitable manner. And then we give them access to all of this and, and provide them with curriculum. And then we have a newsletter that goes out every morning to, we have 40 million people subscribe, basically describes the day's news, and then if there's something within that news that could be an investible opportunity for them


All. We have more with Bubba Wallace and the chief brokerage officer of Robin Hood, Steve Kirk, when we come back, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ J Envy. Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with NASCAR driver, Bubba Wallace and the chief brokerage officer of Robinhood app. Steve Quirk. Charlamagne, What's your vetting process, bubba, when it comes to like, who you choose to take on as a sponsor is just the much Willing to pay. Let's go S That's great. Make it happen. Emini here. Hey, I, I come from, I, I remember man, we were doing about anything just to get anybody to spend a buck, right? And so it's, it's, it's a tough sport to be a part of and, and want to invest into.


And for new companies to come into the sport and not know which way up, down left or right. Emini here, I would be hesitant as well. And so in taking a risk on a kid that's trying to find his way throughout the Cup series, but I feel like now we've established ourselves, established our name, you know, within the race team, within the sport. It makes it easier for, for companies that wanna be in part of our journey. And yeah, you got, you're associated with mj, so Yeah. Now how is that MJ Iss a co-owner. So how is he as a co-owner? Do y'all speak much? Do y'all talk much? Do y'all play one-on-one basketball? How is He not The basketball piece he taught me if, if I know I'm gonna go into something and lose, then not, don't compete at all. So he won't jump into a race car. I won't jump on the basketball court. Gotcha. And so MJ is super involved and, and it, it might be a shock to a lot of people And I think it was for me to start because you think of somebody as, as, as big as MJ that can be doing anything else that he wants.


With his time and his money, he has a strong passion for nascar. He's been a fan. He's watched even before he was, became a team owner. He was a kid going to the races, Darlington, Talladega, Charlotte. He was going all these places with his family growing up. And so he is always had a strong knack for, for NASCAR and what it provides. And so now him being invested, oh, it's game over. He's, he's watching each and every weekend, whether he is here or overseas, what he, whatever he is doing. I have a text before and after the race every weekend. What does he Say? I lost some money betting on you, brother. No, it's always encouraging. He's always, he's a glass half full guy no matter how rough the day gets, he's always searching for the positives. And so it's, it's helped me grow up a lot in, in a, in a short amount of time.


What about you, Steve? What made y'all want to say, you know, what NASCAR is where we wanna spend our money? Well, if we look at our customers, they're very into sports, but they're, if we just look at a Robinhood versus a non Robin Hood customer, they're four times more likely. They're into motor sports, particularly nascar. And so this gives us broad exposure, you know, nationally as well, which I think is very positive. And, and they just, you know, they're as passionate about their sports as they're about their investing. So they tie together pretty nicely. Got you. Was was it hard for you to get sponsorships, Bubba? Because, you know, you always hear the stories about Serena Williams, even though she was dominant, you know, in tennis for a period of time, her and Venus, it was hard for them to get sponsorships. People just didn't feel like they were marketable. Was it the same for you? Yeah, absolutely.


You know, we, we look at the sport and the, the personalities that you have within inside of our sport. And there's, there's a select few And I feel like I'm, I'm near the top of the list of just being personable and, and likable despite all the BS that goes on. You know, I'm, I'm gonna tell you how I feel And I feel like a lot of us inside of our sport are very straight edged and cookie cutter. Right? And that's, that's okay. You don't wanna show your true colors and show your cards. You keep that in your personal life, that's fine. But for me, I've always just been try, I try to be super relatable to everybody I meet and, and make a lasting impression to, to eventually have the investments come in and the funding come in.


And it seemed like nothing we ever did would, would work. And for whatever reason, that is it, it was what it was. But it never stopped me from pursuing what I wanted to do and fighting hard. You know, now I look at the people that potentially said, no, we're good and just laugh 'cause we're in a good spot now. That's Right. Absolutely. Who's the toughest driver you ever faced and why? And in nascar is it like that? Like, you know, as a basketball you could say this is the toughest opponent And in hockey, this is the toughest baseball, this is the toughest team. It's different. It's, it's different in regards of the tracks that we go to. You know, for example, Denny had won this weekend and this is at Martinsville, which is one of his best tracks. And so when you show up to said track, it's like, who's the guy to beat?


That's how you look at it. So it's always different throughout the, throughout the circuit, throughout the year. So I can't pinpoint it to one who's the biggest as oof. That also changes to, depends on the mood that we're in. What, what's your, what's your favorite track? Favorite track? Martinsville is one of 'em. So Bristol's coming up here in two weeks. That's another good one. Mostly all the short tracks, but also the ones we've won at too. So Talladega and Kansas are good. Y'all get scrapping sometimes. Y'all y'all fight on that, on those tracks sometimes. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. And and it's, you know, you feel like you're, you've, you're, you're done wrong. Because I go back to the respect thing. You, you show up with respect. You, you man respect in return and, and sometimes you feel like you're shorted or you're you're done wrong.


And for whatever reason, you know, when I'm done wrong And I retaliate, it's, it's the world's end and all I'm doing and, and when I've, when I was grown up, you know, being taught is you just get even. Yeah. So I'm just getting even like, oh, okay, we're good. We can shake hands after the fact. We're good now, but massive deal. Did Y'all get suspended after y'all get into a fight? 'cause I, I remember you got into a fight a couple of years ago. Did, did you get suspended? Is there any penalties or anything? No. Well, the, the rules are constantly changing. You know, I got suspended for right rear hooking somebody, which basically like a pit maneuver. And, and rightfully so, because it's happened to me twice throughout my career.


Explain what that is. I'm lost Like a pit maneuver. Like, like somebody turns into you on your right rear spins you out. Oh. And like it's a, the opposing car that you've done it to is you just turn them right head on into the wall almost like T speed. Yeah, kind of. And so versus like hook 'em in in the left rear, like they kind of just go spinning throughout the infield and kind of get it gathered back up. So it's happened to me twice in my career and it's the most, I'd say one of the most disrespectful things you can do. And I found myself stoop down to that level and commit the same deal. But the guy had just come up to me and run me up in the wall and it was like, oh, we're just gonna go on about our day.


No, no, no, no. Oh, wow. Yeah, They said that you did it on purpose. That that's what they say. So people are gonna always talk and have their opinions and, and that it is what it is. But I, I regret doing that. I, I can say that truthfully, and we've moved on past that. But as far as fighting, no, because one, it's, we're entertainment business and so it's good, good for entertainment, but you're quick to jump in. So you have to, you have to be methodical about how you wanna go about It. Isn't it a matter of life and death when you out there freaking a hundred plus miles per hour? Like It is, our safety's come a long way. So you don't think of it in that sort of fashion, but you know, it, all it takes is one wrong move. So Do you wanna raise Denny Hamlin?


Do I want To? Do you want to? Yeah. Was okay. That's fine. Because he was, he was asked about you, he asked what you need to do to beat him and win. You're first racing nearly two years and he said, you have a decision to make. If you need to make more speed on corner exit, you must sacrifice something else somewhere. You can't just put the throttle down and get more speed on exit. It's an approach thing. Maybe you need to slow up your center a little bit more. Do you agree with him? Yeah. Do you know what that means? No. No. That's Why you're here was She was quo Diddy, that's all Verbatim, right there. Words For a word now. Now you have to explain this, what That means. I gotta explain. So that's just attacking the corners.


So the exit, exit of the corner versus the center of the corner versus the entry of the corner. There's a, there's ways to approach every corner differently. And you know, it goes back to the experience. Denny's been at these racetracks for 20 years as to where I'm figuring it out still. So he kind of has a better feeling for what to expect on entry And in center to set him up for a better exit as to where I'm just like, I'm gonna send it off in there and figure it out. So it's, it definitely takes a lot of time and a lot of seat time, a lot of just skill and, and management and having the right people around you. All right, we got more with Bubba Wallace when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne Nega. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking with NASCAR driver Bubba Wallace and the chief brokerage officer of the Robinhood app.


Steve Quirk. Charlamagne Quick For you, Bubba. And I wanna ask Steve this too, what do you consider the most rewarding aspect of the work in the racing world? Especially if, if you not winning, and for you, Steve, what's the benefit other in visibility of, of Bubba's not winning? Yeah, I would say the last three years years I've really taken it upon myself of, of trying different


things. Everybody, It's your favorite play, cousin Junior from the Stray Warning Show. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. Climb inside of tundra and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available I force Max Engine. The Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out a Tacoma, agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trail. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today, visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website


for deals, or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


September, 1979. Virginia's top prison band, edge of Daybreak is about to record their debut album behind bars in just five hours. Okay, we're rolling. 1, 2, 3, 4. I'm Jamie Petris, music and culture writer. For the past five years, I've been talking to the band's, three surviving members. They're out of prison now And in their seventies, they're passed behind them, but they also have some unfinished business. The end to Daybreak Eyes of Love was supposed to been falling up by another album. Okay, It's a story about the liberating power of music, the American justice system, and ultimately second chances. Listen to Soul incarcerated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Harry Houdini. Harry Houdini could make elephants disappear, walk through walls, and escape the Chinese water torture cell. But he was also on a mission against mediums. I have never seen one genuine medium. Join me, Tim Harford for a Cautionary Tales trilogy on the world's most famous magician, It Takes a flimm flammer to catch a flim slammer. Houdini wanted The World to see reason in an age of spiritualism. He went undercover to seances, exposed fakes and charlatans, and even tried to convince Washington lawmakers to ban mediums for good. A campaign that cost him friends and made him many enemies. They're going to kill me. Listen to cautionary tales on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


You say you'd never give into a meltdown, never let kids' toys take over the house and never fill your feed with kid photos. You'd never plan your life around their schedule. Never lick your thumb to clean their face and you'd never let them leave the house looking like less than their best. You say you'd never put a pacifier in your mouth to clean it. Never let them stay up too late and never let them run wild through the grocery store. Clean up on aisle six And aisle Three. So when you say you'd never let them get into a car without you there, no, it can happen. One in four hot car deaths happen when a kid gets into an unlocked car and can't get out, never happens before you leave the car, always stop, look lock, brought to you by nitsa and the ad council things,


But putting in the work and putting in the effort. And it seemed like the last two years, the previous two years, it didn't matter what I did, it kind of ended up in the same results. And so this year I, I kind of didn't flip the script. I I said we're gonna, you know, start working out better, start eating better, you know, you know, doing all the necessary things, paying attention to my sleep, all these types of things. And the results are, are, are starting to show up quicker. And, and so the rewarding thing is, is knowing that you can pour your heart and soul into something. And when it doesn't work out the way you want it, then a lot of self-doubt creeps in. Yeah, because you take it for me, I take it up on my shoulders like, well damn, I guess I'm not good enough.


But then you see others that are doing half the job but getting it done. And so it's like, well damn, what's the scenario I need to put myself in? Well, I think it comes down to just trusting the process. And, and I've, I've realized that, and I've said this recently a lot, that your timeline is gonna be either quicker or slower than mine. And that's okay. That's how we're built. We have to appreciate the, the scenario that we're in for ourselves and work on self and continuing to do that because that's, at the end of the day, that's all you, that's all you got. What About you, Steve? What's, what's, like, what's the benefit of, like, what's the rewarding aspect of, of the work that Bubba's doing in the racing world if he's, if he's not winning for Robinhood, I would say it, well it starts really with the think about Robinhood and the mission and you know, what we're all aligned on, which is helping, helping a younger, more diverse group of people have access to financial services in the, and what that creates.


And that's why we're very aligned with 2311. And of course this, I can say this 'cause I'm a little older, this is a very impressive young man here, Emini here, extremely impressive. And we're completely aligned in seeing success not only from 2311, but of course from from Bubba. I was gonna ask, when, when you get into those car wrecks, right? Do you call, get a call from MJ and he's not like bubba another car. How much of those cars cost to replace and do you fix those calls or you just totally get a new call? It's, it's circumstantial. Like if you cause the wreck and you're, you know, and it becomes like a repeated offense, then it's like, all right, what, what are we doing? But a lot of the wrecks that I've been a part of, I can truthfully say it hasn't been my fault.


Like we're just caught up in somebody else's mess. But at the end of the day, you do find yourself, if you do find yourself in somebody else's mess constantly, then it starts to deter to back to you because it's like, quit putting yourself in that scenario. Well it's easy to blame. Like, well again, it wasn't my fault, it doesn't matter. Like run better, run run closer up front or, or, or, or try a different type, better center for a better exit. The corners. The corners, right. You know, so it's, it's, it, it all comes back to self at the end of the day and how you can do what you can do to be better. To not put yourself in, in said scenarios, but, but yeah, it can get annoying sometimes, but at least not for me 'cause I'm not paying the bill. And how much Are those calls to replace? Ballpark?


I don't know what we're up to 500, 600, A hundred thousand per call. And how many calls do you have in the, in the store just in case? We're only allowed I think like seven to eight on rotation. No Emini here. If you Wreck This year, like two this year, Counter question, that's For 22 Years. Yeah. That's a necessary expense I would think. Right. It's, it's a lot Emini here. That's why you wanna have good partners to foot the bills, so Thanks Robin Hood. Yeah. You know, I wanted to ask, you know, you played a big role in getting the confederate flag band from NASCAR eventually. How did other drivers who didn't want it banned treat you after it was Banned? I necessarily can't say that they didn't want it banned, so I didn't really know their their viewpoint on it. But I think we all came together and, you know, as one, as in unison and, and I think that's all you could ask for in sports, but for the ones that necessarily didn't want it banned, they've never come forward or shown their displeasure.


So I can honestly say the sports has, has been way better without it. So hold on. How, how do you know they haven't shown their displeasure? Because there was a news found in your garage back in 2020. Was that before or after? Oh, Monday. Well that's, we, I think we're all human enough to, you know, if And in outta the driver's world, you know, if you have a problem with it, you just kinda keep it to yourself and move on and Gotcha. And I'm not treated differently or I just, I don't speak to said drivers, but I haven't had any instances where the drivers have come at me for, for, you know, removing the confederate flag. It's, it's, everybody's been in support of it and we've moved on. So it, it is what it is. Did they ever get to the bottom of the, the new st thing and find out who did it or no? Yeah, it was, it was there before we got there. Years before we got there.


And it was just a coincidence that I had that garage. Damn. Like it's, it's wild. They knew he was coming. It's Wild. So, You know, And in it is still a topic of discussion to this day. It's, it's wild. You should see my Twitter mentions like, Bubba finished third was our noose. You know, it's, it's, it's, it's wild that that is still going about it. And, but no, it was there before we even got there. And just the one in a million trillion coincidences that I had that garage doll. Hmm. And in fact it was tied in a fashion like that. It could have been this small, it doesn't matter. And, and so it is what it is. And, and we've moved on from it and it, it sucks that the sport was put in that situation that I was put in that situation.


Our team was put in that situation. But we've learned a lot about who we are as a sport and who we are as competitors. And that's all you can Ask for. Did it take a toll on you emotionally? Oh, those, those year or two after that was rough, you know, 'cause you know, I went from being one of the most, I I wouldn't say the most liked drivers, but favorable drivers, you know, but now it's, it's just been the, the booze and stuff. And that's okay because it's sports. And I, I, I'm a big, you know, I love going to college football games, Tennessee and college basketball games. And I'm not a person that booze other teams because I'm kind of in the sports world myself. And it just kind of seems childish. But fans do what they want.


So booing is a part of sports in general, but it was, you know, the next week after Talladega, it was like a light switch and it was like, whoa, wow. We're, you know, like, holy, I didn't ask for this. And, and so now it's, they're making noise, you know, I've always been told and I've read things is when they stop making noise is when it's worse. So Yeah. Hey Steve, shout out to Robinhood. Y'all made investments for financial literacy programs at Howard, right? Yes. HBCUs. Are y'all gonna do that at other HBCUs too? TCU? Yeah. We're 12 universities in expanding. Yeah. Wow, that's awesome. All across the country. Very cool. Yep. Why is that important for Robinhood? I think it's important because you wanna make sure that people at the, at a very young age start to understand how to do it responsibly, intuitively, everything shows that if you know just the power of compounding alone, you start at a young age, you know you're gonna, you're gonna benefit at a, at an older age.


I, I'm one of those annoying fathers who has three 20 some year old daughters and, And I pound on them. You gotta put that money to work. Put that money to work, be invested in that. And I said one day you'll thank me. Well we appreciate you guys for joining us. Absolute, thank you so much. Thank you guys. Good luck with everything Bubba and Steve brother, thank you. Appreciate you for joining us. Thank you. It's The Breakfast Club, it's Bubba Wallace and Steve Quirk. Thank you guys. Thank you. Thank You. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight, she gets them from somebody that knows somebody. Well, she gets the Details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on this, the latest with Lauren la.


Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well is the latest in The Breakfast Club? Talk, talk to me. Okay. So I wanna send a rest in peace to Val Kilmer and his family sending them some love. So the actor passed away Tuesday of pneumonia in LA according to his daughter. For those of you guys who may not know him, I know I feel like by name, some people don't know Val Kilmer, but you should by face he's huge actor. He was in Top Gun, he was in Batman forever. And he, he actually had went through a whole throat cancer battle that he came up on the other side of and recovered from it. And then pneumonia hit and he passed away. So I just wanted to take some time to send, you know, a rest in peace to him and some love to his family.


Young man. He was 65, Man. Yeah. 65 years old. Absolutely. Which is young. Now changing gears here. Kanye West, y'all know Kanye get on X and do his thing. So a fan was tweeting about j Cole and posted j Cole's verse that he did on Johnny P's caddy with Benita Butcher. And he was basically saying that j Cole spare Kendrick by not getting into the whole battle. Oh God. So insert Kanye West or yay he responded and said I hate j Cole music so much. It's like between Kendrick and j Cole, I bet you industry plans asked j Cole to dish Drake then we would have been accosted with the j Cole Super Bowl commercial with no scissor song to save it. No one listened to j Cole after losing their virginity.


Oh my God. When I met up with Drake during Donda, most of the convo was me telling him he was hurting hip hop by giving j Cole platform. And I was saying how much I loved future. He then X Ye continues on XSA, how I hate Drake And I'm team Drake at the same time. Life is funny like that. It's like the weird thing where I feel closest to Drake and anybody in rap. He just had a, I don I Don't even understand like what he's talking about, what he's Saying. I don't think he understands. No, no I don't. I don't get it. And honestly, all he doing is helping co sell out Dreamville. Like, you know what Emini here, like Yeah. If It isn't already. If Yeah, exactly. And also the fact that I'll be there too so they can get their tickets.


'cause I'm be in Raleigh at the improv, but go ahead. Oh, you there That weekend weekend too? Absolutely. We we taking the trip because I'm gonna dream too Dreamville too. We okay? Yes. Okay. Perfect weekend. Alright, we gonna talk. I hate that whole j Cole would've washed Kendrick if he would've stayed in the battle narrative too. No, he wouldn't have. No, he wouldn't have. No. Yeah, I love Cole, but I don and he knew that too. He Knew that. I don't got Cole for doing that either. Yeah. And I will say who says That anyway? Just I don I don't hear a lot of people, whatever that people say that in that tweet. You regular Kanye just said that, but no people there. Is that Been saying a lot of Stuff? Yeah. No, but oh, People have said that if Cole never dropped out of that battle that he would've won. Oh, if, If un therapeutic unhealed Cole stayed in the battle. Mm.


Before he got his consciousness that he came back on the stage with. People think that he would've won over Kendrick Lamar. Yeah, I'm with you. Envy. I never seen it. Okay. I never seen that. Nowhere. Okay. But also too, I, I feel like Kanye gets online and he tweets things that make absolutely no sense. And then people take it and run with, run with it. Like the other day he had tweeted that Jay-Z owned his man or not tweeted, he talked about with academics that Jay-Z owned his master. So he gets on these platforms and says things that don't make any sense and people believe It. That's not true. Completely not true. Yeah. Jay-Z does not own Kanye West catalog at all. Easy. I know that. Easy to look up right? I don, I don, I don't know if you can look it up, that's not easy look up, but I heard it from a very reliable source. Yeah. From a very reliable source.


That is not true. It don't matter who that is, but a very reliable source be so bad you wanna be the owl. So damn bad owl over there. And I, And I know Kanye just asked a question. He just said How much money you think Jay-Z makes off my catalog versus what I make off it. Yeah, I heard that And people ran with the whole, you know, Jay owns Kanye catalog but that's not true. Mm. Kanye just playing the victim and looking for sympathy per year. Jesus. And I did Google who owns Kanye West Masters and according to Google right now, and if it, this is incorrect, it is Google, not me. Kanye West's master recordings, at least for his earlier albums are owned by Universal Music Group, which is, which owns Def Jam recordings where he was signed for most of his career.


However, he has since completed his contract with Jeff Def Jam and is free to pursue music deals elsewhere according to Google. So easily that's His music contract. But I don't know who owns the Masters though. It says Kanye West Master Master recordings Owned by it ain't jz. Yeah, I can tell you that much. That's Crazy. Well thank you for debunking that story. Unc appreciate you. He went, he Punk unc debunk Kanye. Kanye went in academics basement. Where was that at? No, no, no they weren't in the basement. Academics flew to LA I would've had to think About it. Oh it was a hotel. It was a Hotel. It was like a hotel and then they were like outside of somewhere. But yeah he flew to LA but it didn't matter. Academics honestly didn't have to be there. He coulda just sent the camera. 'cause Kanye was talking about what he Didn't even have to Yeah.


'cause he didn't ask him anything. Yeah, yeah. Well I wanna get into the young scooter, but I'm nervous that we're not gonna have enough time. But we can try. Okay, so yesterday police actually arrested a woman in relation to the young scooter death. So the nine one one audio call that we talked about in here, police basically found that this call, the call was real like it was actually made. But what was reported on the call was fake. So there was a 30, there's a 31-year-old girl, her name is Demetrius Spence. She was taken into custody by Atlanta Police yesterday for making the false nine one one call that resulted in the death of Young Scooter because police only showed up there because of this phone call. So he was swatted. Now Demetrius Spence is the woman from the Zeus Batty show that went on Instagram live prior to this when police said that they were looking for the 9 1 1 caller to explain just you you like, why would she do that dumb ass to explain her part of the story?


Because people were giving her so much hell because of young scooters passing God dammit. Why y'all ain't gimme that I could give her donkey the today I Don dunno. Why you way, Well let's take a listen to what she said. There's a reaction for every, every action. This is part A. You guys didn't have part A, you guys only have Pa, part B and the narrative. It looks like I was trying to set this man up because you guys don't have part B, I'm giving you part B, I'm giving you what led up to the call. I was physically abused. So I called to protect myself. That's the, that's the issue. I never had any intentions to get anybody hurt. And I came here to say my truth. That's it.


That's all. I don't want no clout. At the end of the day, I'm a woman And I was physically abused multiple times. I'm so confused. Yeah, no you not. What Are you confused about? No, I really am. Ask Me. No, y'all not. Y'all got this shit. So she got abused. What was, she said She got abused in the past before And I guess this was her way of allegedly getting revenge back on it. So she was saying the reason she did it was because she got abused. Not that she was getting abused in that moment, but she was abused before and that was her way of getting revenge to jail. Go ahead. I know that. But she is in jail right now, right? Yeah. So right now she's in custody in Atlanta and the charge actually that she is being, that she's facing is false transmitting a false public alarm.


And that's under a certain law in Georgia. And this is what you can be charged with if serious bodily harm or death results from a response of a public safety agency. So because the police came out, he scooter, young Scooter fled from police where he got that leg injury and then bled to death. So yeah, she's gonna be facing some charges. And I will say yesterday Young Thug and a few other people were online talking about that young scooter was actually shot and that they had, there was an autopsy that was released that confirmed that that was not true. Atlanta police have come out with a Fulton County like the results of the autopsy that do mention the puncturing of his leg after trying to hop what seemed like a wooden fence, right? Or something like that, which resulted in his death.


So the police have been doing a really good job of trying to clear things up and keep things factual. And that Young Thug tweet was deleted. Okay. Damn. All right. Well that was the latest with Lori Charlamagne. Who you giving that donkey to? Man? We need Kevin Hart to come to the front of the congregation. We like to have a world with him. What? Kevin Hart, but Kevin and D. Yeah, I know damn well is it? Is it Kevin or is it Chocolate Dropper? It's Kevin Before, after the hour. You gotta stay tuned. He is a Clown. Which one? Kevin Emini here. Not Kevin Charlamagne. Next it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, you out The Breakfast Club. Your execution on the Donkey of the Day is something to go. We read, They gave me Donkey of the Day And I deserve it.


You need to know. Well you need to tell them I am. You have the voice. Tell them. Tell tell. It's time for Donkey of the Day. It a read, but you're so good at it. You trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne. Only one Charlamagne Damn Charlemagne. Who you giving Dusty today to? Now Donkey today for Wednesday, April 2nd goes to Kevin Hart. Kevin Duran Hart. That is okay. I'm gonna make sure to say Duran or Kevin D because I don't need y'all thinking this. Our guy from Philly. Philly. No, Kevin D is a 47-year-old California man. And yet another reason why Noah only allowed animals on the arc. I'm telling you right now, my anxiety, I'll never be able to shake it off.


Okay. And it's because I have to read the news every day. And when you read the news, you come across stories like Kevin D and the headline I saw this morning on law and crime And I grabbed my intention that grabbed my attention was imagined infidelity. Okay? That title piqued my curiosity. And I'm like, what's that? Imagined infidelity? Is that when you dream of cheating on your significant other, is that a crime? Now it's just like the movie Minority Report. Has there been a specialized force created that apprehends you because they use for knowledge or they're using for knowledge to grab you when you daydream about cheating? What is imagined infidelity? Well, soon as I read the article, I instantly regretted it because it's just a reminder that we live in a world that's simply out of our control.


I know you left your house every day in peace. If you like me, you said your prayers this morning, you read your daily affirmations, you meditated. You probably went to therapy yesterday, you did all of that. And you still can't control what other people do. And Kevin D is yet another example of that. Let's go to Ksbw eight for the report please. A seaside church community mourning the loss of one of their own 65-year-old Jackie Robinson Police say she was killed by her daughter's boyfriend. 45-year-old Kevin Hart of Patterson Hart allegedly beat her to death using a glass tabletop. Seaside police said Hart was visiting the home and he allegedly killed his girlfriend's mother.


Police say Hart van resisted arrest and obstructed police. I promise you I read this story And I immediately asked chat GPT how to avoid humans. It told me, stay home limit social interactions and employ strategies like avoiding eye contact and wearing headphones to signal disinterest. I would love to stay home. I'm a cancel. I'm a natural homebody. If I could be in the house quarantined every day, I promise you I would. And when folks ask me what's the pandemic, what am I quarantining for? My answer would be people home. Old sapiens. Okay, this man Kevin d killed his girlfriend's mother because he thought his girlfriend was cheating on him.


Well, what the hell the mother got to do with this? I am so sick of people projecting their hurt on the others. You mad at your girlfriend because you think she cheated on you and if she did cheat on you. So what? I don't know if this woman was cheating on you or not, but I would never understand the logic of men throwing their lives away for women. Honestly, I think that's gay. You can't tell me you like a woman so much that you would do something that would take you away from all women forever. You claim to like women so much, but you doing things that's gonna land you in a prison surrounded by penises. Don't add up to me. And I'm just sick of people who make decisions solely based on emotions that leads to poor judgment and regret. Okay? You gotta take a breath and consider potential consequences before you make choices like this.


You killed your girlfriend's mom because you thought she was cheating on you. A suspicion with no basis in reality. There is no justification for this murder, even if you knew she was cheating on you. But this is just what you thought. Beat this woman with your bare hands and a and a piece of glass from the table. Lemme tell you something, Kevin. If your girlfriend for what, for whatever reason wasn't feeling you anymore, guess what? She was correct. And that poor young lady is gonna have to live with the the regret of her poor choice and a man for the rest of her natural born life. This poor woman's mother was the president of the senior usher board in the church. Man. Her obituary said she had a very kind and loving heart with a smile that made anyone who came into her presence feel loved.


And you killed her Kevin, because you thought her daughter cheated on you imagined infidelity. Kevin is facing 26 years of life in prison. He was convicted by a jury on Friday of first degree murder. And I pray he gets forever. Okay? For in prison. You are named after the wrong comedian, sir, because you have caused a pain that nobody could ever laugh at. Please let Remi ma give Kevin Duran Hart the biggest. Hee-haw. Heehaw Heehaw. You stupid mother. Are you Dumb? You telling me that? Don't want make you wanna stay in the house? Hell yeah. I ain't know it was another Kevin.


I'm thinking chocolate drop. But Kevin hard. That is sad. That is super sad. Very. All right. All right, well thank you for that donkey today, sir. Now when we come back, we have Reverend Al Sharpton joining us. Reverend Al will be here. That's right. We gonna kick it with Reverend now when we come back. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Laura Osa filling in for Jess. We got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. We Have Reverend Al Sharpton. Welcome back Rev. Thank you. Glad to be here. How you feeling? I'm good. I'm real good. You got to workout in this morning, you know, every morning, seven days a week. I got to Get up and do it. Now last time I seen you reverend.


Now we were coming back from DC we were on a plane together. This is right after Kamala Harris I lost. Very upsetting. What do you think about the new presidency and what he's doing and all the things that that is affecting our communities? What's your thoughts on that Emini here? First of all, the only surprise I have is that everybody's surprised. Mm. He said he was gonna do everything he's doing. Terrorists that he was coming after DEI, diversity, equity, and inclusion. He said that he was going to go after his enemies or those that he felt were opposed to him. So I don't know what the shock is And I don't understand where all of the people that were saying, they didn't see the difference between Trump and the Democrats.


How they have gotten meningitis now and have not come back out and said, 'cause none of what he's doing, what a Democrat's doing now. Nobody's been more challenging to the Democrats than I have all my life. But you can't act like that was the same thing. He has done a direct affront on black people and working people. And no apologies, Emini here, when you take down black servicemen's pitches on the Department of Defense's website, including Jackie Robinson and me s you can't be more intentionally offensive than that. So I think that the bad side is what he's doing. The good side is I think it's going, I think it's gonna wake a lot of us up sometime.


We need something to happen for us to understand what is really happening. But when you're dealing at what point disenfranchised people, how do you tell them that you know, if they're already living in hell, how do you tell 'em things are gonna get hotter? Because they get hotter Emini here. But you already inhale. Well you inhale, but it is the heat is up in hell. And the fact is, we inhale economically, Trump is now saying, I'm gonna make it worse. I'm going to use social security money, Medicare money. You had that in hell. I'm gonna use that to balance the budget and pay for my billionaires to get a tax cut. So when we tell ourselves it can't get worse, it can't get worse when Trump say, I'm gonna bring back stop and frisk, which we all Nash actually never was part of helping get down.


That means you're gonna get thrown up against the wall again when Trump says that, I'm gonna deal with getting rid of all of these sentencing rules that can help you get outta jail. So there's a big difference in doing two years and doing 20. So yeah, you in hell and you are now, the fires in hell is being turned up. And to tell yourself to try to rationalize your inactivity does not make you smart. 'cause a lot of brothers and sisters saying that to me, well, we are doing bad anyway. That's trying to rationalize that you are not trying to do better. To say that a man with 34 felony convictions found guilty of sexual harassment is better than a woman who did everything right.


Lawyer, attorney general senator went to Howard. And to give that example to your kids that nope, I'll go with the felon 'cause he got swagger is to make us appear like we're not serious. I don't think that's a fair comparison though. And the reason I say that is 'cause I, I don't think the vice president, you know, of course she didn't run a perfect campaign, who does? But I think that she suffered from being a part of the Democratic brand as opposed to her. It wasn't the fact that they chose the Donald Trump over her. They chose Donald Trump over Democrats. Because I feel like it was the same thing in 2020. You had to fight to convince people to vote for Joe Biden. It was definitely the same thing in 2016. You had to fight people to convince for Hillary Clinton the only, the last time Democrats had been cool in the eyes of the people that have been oh eight and oh 12. Well then why did Biden win?


The reason I don't accept that Biden won a series of ex extraordinary circumstances, meaning George Floyd. And you think it was extraordinary Covid, you don't think it was extraordinary? No, no, no. George Floyd and Covid happened. Yeah. And so did 34 felony. We saw that this is the only time we seen American history of man stand up in court, having to defend himself and attacking black prosecutors. He went after Alvin Bragg. He went after Tish James. And the fact is that, that Donald Trump was the president when George Floyd happened. I did. George Floyd's funerals led to big marching. We could not get a peep out of the White House. Mm. So that don't wash with me when you are standing there saying, this man was president during Covid and told y'all to drink bleach was president when George Floyd and never opened his mouth other than one time, walked across the street from the White House to the church and held the Bible upside down and reprimanded the protestors.


We we all got amnesia in two years. That's What happened though. You Think it's crazy that, you know, you look at Trump, right? Like him love him, hate him, whatever. The fact that he gets in office and he actually shows the power that we thought other presidents should have had, especially Democrats like Emini here the first day he gets on stage, he gets a pen and he signed an executive orders left and right. Emini here, his guys that's getting, that has 20 years And in prison, 10 years in prison, pardon them immediately. And then you look at some of our democratic presidents and you'd be like, man, they could have helped so many people for good. It just never did. Just was was cowardly and didn't. So how does that give the people confidence? It Doesn't. And that's why guys like me that would come to the Democrats and ask them to pardon people and didn't, can be disappointed and say, I went to Biden and asked for certain pardons that we couldn't Get.


He pardoned his son, But I couldn't get him to pardon Jesse Jackson's son. Mm. And, and, and who should have been pardoned and, and others. We went there. So how Does that make you feel? As much as you've done It Makes me feel like I'm not getting everything I want, but I'm certainly not going to go on the other side. So we need to then put the right kind of leadership there. You don't, you don't, if you are on a team, if the quarterback or the OR or the OR or Tacklers can't work, you get better team players. You don't join the other team. So that's why I'm saying there's a difference in the frustration some of us are showing and, and some of you expressed, And in those that went and joined the other team, they went and supported Trump.


Like that was an alternative. The alternative to having a head cold is not suicide. So how do you look at Eric Adams? I was about to say, you decided whether you backing away from Eric Adams. How do you Look at Mayor Eric Adams? Yeah, because How do I do what? Look at Mayor Eric Adams. I look, Eric And I go way, when I started National Action Network, he was one of the founders where he is now. I think that he has made some positions that I disagree with and I've told him that whether he made a deal with Trump or not, I don't know. But I know that there's some things in policing and all, we disagree with some things that, that we agree with. But I think that he's in a very, a peculiar political position. I don't know how he can get reelected. So, because before the, the conversation is that you are having a conversation about whether you are gonna back him as mayor or not again.


So you have made a decision not to I I I don't know that he's running yet. He's has, he said he's running. He Hasn't said he has to Thursday to say if he's running again. But if he does say right now, do you know what you would do? Call me Thursday night. I I really call you, I really call you for that Because I think for me, I'm, you will, I'm looking at it because I I definitely will. I'm looking at it because you've been so vocal about him and now you're vocally like, I don't know what I'm gonna do. What do you want him to do? Like what do you expect him do? I want him to continue to fight for the things that I supported him more like the right kind of policing in our community. Like being fair to people that are getting cut out of, of jobs in the city of New York.


Like standing up to Trump on a lot of this stuff that he is agreeing with Trump on. I do not agree here.


Everybody, it's your favorite play cousin Jr. From the Stray Warning Show. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability climb side of tundra and experience the uncompromising strength with its available I force Max Engine. The Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out a Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trail. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today, visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


September, 1979. Virginia's top prison band, edge of Daybreak is about to record their debut album behind bars in just five hours. Okay, We're rolling. 1, 2, 3, 4. I am Jamie Petra, music and culture writer. For the past five years, I've been talking to the band's three surviving members. They're out of prison now And in their seventies, their past behind them, but they also have some unfinished business eyes of Love. The air to daybreak eyes of love was supposed to have been followed up by another album. It's a story about the liberating power of music, the American justice system, and ultimately second chances. Listen to Soul incarcerated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Harry Houdini. Harry Houdini could make elephants disappear, walk through walls, and escape the Chinese water torture cell. But he was also on a mission against mediums. I have never seen one genuine medium. Join me, Tim Harford for a Cautionary Tale's trilogy on the world's most famous magician. It Takes a flim flammer to catch a phlegm Flammer. Houdini wanted The World to see reason in an age of spiritualism, he went undercover to seances, exposed fakes and charlatans, and even tried to convince Washington lawmakers to ban mediums for good. A campaign that cost him friends and made him many enemies. They're going to kill me. Listen to cautionary tales on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You say you'd never give into a meltdown, never let kids toys take over the house and never fill your feet with kid photos. You'd never plan your life around their schedule. Never lick your thumb to clean their face, and you'd never let them leave the house looking like less than their best. You say you'd never put a pacifier in your mouth to clean it. Never let them stay up too late and never let them run wild through the grocery store Up on aisle six and aisle three. So when you say you'd never let them get into a car without you there, no, it can happen. One in four hot car deaths happen when a kid gets into an unlocked car and can't get out. Never happens before you leave the car. Always stop. Look lock. Brought to you by Nitsa and the ad council


That we should put Haitians and, and people of color in a category that can be picked up by ice just because of what they look like. That is racial profiling. I want to do those things. Alright, we have more with Reverend Al Sharpton when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Steve j Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LER is here as well. And we're still kicking it with Al Sharpton. Now I got a question. What did you, how did you feel, you know, I seen the press go at you and go at a lot of the people at Kamala Harris' campaign gave money to during the campaign. So what, what was, what was your thoughts on that? That I expected that I thought they was late. Kamala Harris gave some civil rights groups money to help get the, the vote out nonpartisan signed a contract with us that we could not in any way endorse Canada.


So that they were protective Weaver protect. Nobody ever asked does, did y'all have a contract? I think she gave several groups, couple million dollars she gave National, actually there were 500,000 and the tour we took, I took Central Park five, two of them all over the country, which cost us more than that. We had to raise more money. So I expected them to do that. And my thing is fine, we could bring the contract. Let's go to court 'cause then I'm gonna ask you about all the monies Republicans was given. Some of these Christian conservative churches and these groups, it would, they going to take a shot. They are not going to mess with you unless you messing with them. Isn't it interesting you got some of the people that you referred to that got some of that money during the George Floyd?


They ain't talking about them. They ain't prosecuting them. They're going after other people. I'm talking about people that did crazy stuff with that money. None of them have you heard, got a problem. But they still beating up on us. And, And I want to ask you too, I know that, you know, y'all have driven a lot more traffic than Costco because Costco is somebody who stood by their DEI initiatives. What is Costco doing for the movement? We want co Well they don't have, I don't want 'em do nothing for me personally. They've never donated to nothing. But I want them to open up some Costco stores where we can own some of those stores. We can franchise some of those stores we want to see. We went to say we gonna do a buycott to go in there and buy 'cause they stood up for us. But now do business with us.


I don't want, again, for us to always be the receivers of what is considered charity. Give us parody. And you got the National Action Network with, it's coming up this week, right? Starts Wednesday. I know you're honoring Ms. Patti LaBelle. Miss Pat label. Pat LaBelle being honored. We going to have everybody from the governor of Maryland, west Moore, who's the only black governor to the chair, the Democratic party. We gonna ask some hard questions. We gonna have Ben Rums coming with a lot of the cases that we have fought. Everybody's gonna be there. Dr. Michael Eric Dyson. And it's four days a week. Our convention, we always have thousands because it's free. And we even had Charlemagne tha God there once.


That's right. Absolutely. I'm gonna be there. We I'm, I'm I'm be with Ms. No, you, you gonna be there because of her. Not he's no. Oh, you don't know about that. You he loved. No, lemme be real clear. He's not coming outta respect to me. That is not true. He's coming. That's crazy. Sit with Patti LaBelle. Yeah, pat LaBelle made it clear. Charlemagne tha God is sitting with me. I'm not sitting with you reverend. I said okay. Period. But they told me what it was. I'm like, oh absolutely I'll be there. Yeah, no, he's been there for our youth day and all that. He's done that. How did you, when, when ASAP Rocky was going through all of the stuff that he was going through in court and you tweeted out about the black jurors that the lack thereof, how do you decide when things like that come across your desk? What you put like put your, your, your name on? Well, First, the first law I use is that I don't ever get involved in something unless somebody involved ask me.


When he was in jail, his mother came to me and that's why I stood up for him. Then Trump helped get him back. I give Trump credit for that. Oh. When he was over in Person one over there. So I knew him. Mm. So when he's on trial this time and somebody in his legal team called me and said that, you know, there's an all white pool that they're choosing from. I said, that's wrong. He said, would you come out here? I said, I don't have to come out. I can tweet. And I tweeted, I wouldn't have done that without the legal team 'cause I wouldn't have known what their legal strategy was. Right. Anytime you see me out there, it's because some of the family members of the legal team have called us. I don't chase ambulance people.


You know people. Oh they ambulance chasers. No we ain't ambulance chasers. We responded to calls. I I like the study movements that were successful and you know, those movements were successful on so many different levels. What should this generation be learning from that Civil rights movement in the sixties and what wasn't done in that movement that that should be be, be done Now what they should learn is if the objective, you should judge people by the objective. You cannot in any way gauge people by your objective. Gauge them by theirs. And the objective was they wanted to break down apartheid segregation and change the laws on voting. They did that 65 Voting Rights Act, 64 Civil Rights Act.


They did that. So what King and them were, after they did that, then they wanted to build economic basis, Jesse. And they did that. They were able to break in the First Blacks to get on boards and the First Blacks that would own a lot of franchises and Reggie Lewis and all of them, they did that. What we did not do is institutionalize those things. So from generation to generation that continued. And then we built our own businesses. We could say what we want. I've been to a different school of thought than the Nation Islam. But Elijah Muhammad built businesses. That's right. Any community you win in that's not there no more. So what we've gotta now perfect is how do you pass it on in your lane?


And I, and you know, people come to me, I I'd like to be the next guy in national action, but you got to be about what we about. If, if, if something happened to the Pope, you don't get a Baptist to be the new Pope, you get a Catholic. So if you not in in what we believe in, you cannot be in that. But if you in that, we need to continue that. And that's what we not done. We've seen too many just go all political and get out of the economic. You can't afford to be political if you don't have money. Mm, that's right. So yeah, so, so even with what this administration is doing, you know, rolling back a lot of things that have helped black people move forward, we can still build those institutions. We could because we doing it then he can't make us spend money they want. He cannot do that. And if you put the right pressure on them corporations, they can make him turn around.


Why is he talking about tariffs and all that now? It is all economic. He's a businessman. Donald Trump has never held office in life. He went in there from business. And that's why I say we've got to have an economic strategy. That's Right. And join them this wednesday@nationalactionnetwork.net. Sign up register. So many people are speaking. I'm looking at right now, attorney Benjamin Crump. Stacy Adams, Michael Eric Dyson. Of course Patti LaBelle is gonna be honored. Charlamagne's gonna be at her table. Congressman Al Green will be joining us. Dr. Jamal Bryant, I see you having a conversation with our DA Alvin Bragg. Yeah, we'll have DA Alvin Bragg there. We gonna talk about a lot of the criminal justice stuff from the inside.


And then Ben Crump is gonna talk about it externally. It's all free. All they have to go, go to national action network.net and they can register online. We already have several thousand but we, we can handle it. But it's all free if, if they go in and register now. And That's the Sheridan, New York Times Square. So definitely go register and you, you gotta come up here more often Reverend Nile. All You gotta do is invite me. Alright, Say no more. I had to count Charlemagne tha guard man stop now. Get up Computers. Time is Reverend Al Sharpton. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy.


Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren Becoming the street face. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. Well she gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit About everything and She be having the latest on Lord the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What's the Latest? The On The Breakfast Club. Talk to me Now. There is this report going around on the internet on the blogs that 1 0 6 and Park is coming back and that the first, Ooh It's not true. Oh what? Well damn Emini here.


It did come out on April Fools guys. Yeah it was April Fools. I Really feel like I saw before that but maybe so. Hmm. But okay so this report has just, it started circulating on X and now it's making its way over to Instagram and the report is that it's coming back and that the first episode is actually set to air or to tape in a few weeks from now actually. But we've reached out to some sources who would know, who tell us that this is completely not true. The report was that Kiki Palmer and Kai Sanat would host the new version of 1 0 6 and Park, which would actually be kind of like Cool to see. Yeah, definitely see that. That would be dope. Yes. Do Kai and Kiki have time for that? I don't think so. But it BET got the budget for that. No, But does anybody watch videos like that anymore? So what would you do? That's The thing though. That's why you bring it back.


'cause that I, I just was saying that the other day. Yo, I feel like we've gotten away from that music video era. But that's what we need. Ain't nothing wrong with watching 'em. It's just I feel like people don't make them anymore. They Don't, they don't. Don't have And they don't have a place for us to go to watch. Yesterday when you was showing me Drake, that was Drake No Care. Drake's no Noia Nokia. I did. I Thought that was Kendrick's Super Bowl performance. Yo shut up. That's basically what it was like. It was like a replica of not like us Quabble up music video and the Super Bowl have time performance by Kendrick. That was Drake Sir. Okay. And I feel like Drake was, was trolling Kendrick. A lot of people showed Feel Like that. I watched it on YouTube. But if they had a place for me probably to watch em all at one time, I would. That would be cool with some dope hosts. Like 'cause Kai is entertaining.


So is Kiki. Kiki gonna find time for a job. That's, that's one thing about it. But why would you wait to see a video? 'cause before you had to wait 'cause there was no other place to see the videos. Now I don't have to wait. I could just go right to YouTube or the persons whatever. But it's not really all about the music videos. 'cause remember one of six and Park, they only played about 20 seconds of the video anyway. But it was more so about like the topics and everything and the guests that they would bring on and performances and stuff. Yep. Blind Fury. Y'all remember the blonde In South Carolina all day. Oh, oh for Real? Hell yeah. Yeah man. South Carolina I think Go would've been dope. My bad. Go ahead. No, I was saying I think 1 0 6 and Park and just the nostalgia of the brand. I think people would tune in. They would have to find a way to keep it like fresh, new and fast. But to your point about the Drake Nokia music video, that music video has been like news wise, it's breaking records right now for, it was like most watched, most trending or something like that on YouTube over the weekend.


So like that people were having a conversation about whether he's trolling Kendrick Lamar or not. He was. But imagine if you had a show dedicated to just breaking down exactly like y'all just did. Boom. Emini here we do it here so Right. Yeah. Stay with The Breakfast Club. But like you said, yes that's like strictly for music videos. That would be dope. Dr. Ski somebody else. That would be dope too to do that. Yeah, Dr. Ski would be great on a show. Like that Would be Dope as like the Like the fun. Yeah. Dr. Ski and Pretty V would like kill that one Six and plug. That would be dope. And stop acting like Drake fell off like oh Drake had. Yeah he's still Drake definitely still Drake. I Know he still Drake, but I think people just because of everything people point out, I don't even remember what the stat Was. It makes she look at stuff differently. Right. Yeah. Don't get us in trouble again Jess. Oh sorry.


Love you Drake. But yeah, I thought that I enjoyed the video but yes we were told that that is not true. There is no one in 6, 1 0 6 and park returning with Kai tonight and Kiki Palmer. So sorry to shut your dreams down. Ah, Okay. Was April Fools there? I just wanna put that out there. So Nobody really came. I'm so grown. I ain't even, you can't even think about it. Just say my first yesterday. That was it. Yeah. I didn't even realize it was too, so in other news, so Denise Richards actress Denise Richards, she is now opening up and talking about when Charlie Sheen, who was her ex, who she shares two kids with, came out on the Today Show with at the time with Matt Lauer and talked about the fact that he was HIV positive. Come On Man. That's not the first time she heard that. Right? I hope you told her for us before he went on tv.


That's exactly what we're about to talk about. She said, she says that she was upset because she didn't let, she didn't let him know that. Let them know, let her know that he was gonna be sharing it publicly before he went on the show. Damn. Oh she knew but she didn't know he was going public with it. Yeah, she didn't know that he was going public with it. Let me clarify that. Yeah, yeah. Double check Know because you asked me that and I'm like, wait, hold on. But yes, she didn't know that he was gonna go public with it. So she said she was on the wind down with Jana Kramer and she was asked if, because you know Charlie Sheen has some very controversial, you know what Emini here, past stories and she's had a little bit of a time herself and she was asked, do you ever have to sit your kids down and have a conversation with them about anything before it hits the internet?


Like any past stuff or even when they were growing up. And she says no because Denise Richard said no because their daughters are not ones to Google them. Like they don't care about that type of stuff. But she did say that when Charlie Sheen sat down with Matt Lauer, she was upset because you know, he went on and talked about this publicly, but she felt like she understood why he had to be, because at that time the Tablos had already been talking about it. They were accusing him of basically like endangering other people's lives. So he wanted to go and clear it up so she understood. But she just wished that their, they had had like some sort of conversation because of their two daughters and then because of that she then had to go pick the daughters up from school because she didn't want anybody in the school to say anything to them. Sit their daughters down and have a conversation with their daughters about what their dad had just revealed on the show and kind of explained to them what it was.


Yeah, she said that, you know, they didn't really understand it, they didn't really get it then, but she did have to have that conversation. I don't, I don't feel like that that that hurt Charlie Sheen in any way though. 'cause Emini here, the only thing I remember from that era is winning, winning. I remember everybody was screaming, winning, winning. I don't remember people's Low key. I feel like all of his controversy it like, people talk about it as if it's like a, like a notch on a belt. Like they don't, it doesn't it, it doesn't, like that's not, And I guess 'cause of the stigma of h You know what Emini here, like The stigma of HIV has been pretty much erase for a long time anyway. Yeah, Yeah. Like the not Emini here, like the, like they talk about him like, oh my God, he just had this big grand fun, crazy life. But they don't, I don't even the people talk negatively about him.


It doesn't affect him in my opinion. Right. Man. I remember seeing a video that went viral from a Charlie Shane interview and the lady, we interviewed him in his house and she was like, are there any drugs in the house? And he was like, if there are, you need to find them and give them to me immediately. He is hilarious yo. Yeah, he's looked at as like the rock star that just, you know, had, I guess that's what it was. The life he lived is like, yeah. Yes. You got HIV. Okay. Yep. That sound about right. It is what it is the way you was living Now it sound about right, but It did at the time of it. I feel you. I feel, and plus the, the stigma of HIV, like I said, was pretty much gone. So nobody, nobody cared. And he had said at the time when he came out about it that he had been diagnosed four years prior. But he, again, he was talking about it because then tabloids grabbed it.


So he wanted to have conversations and clear up some of the things that were being said and the stigmas around it. So People were still scared back then when he got Yeah. 'cause it was, it was only one person known to, to beat it. But other than that we, people were dying, people passing. It Was 2015. What did, What did they be talking about this morning back Then? I know what you mean. Back then people, People was still scared in 2015 Was what? Back then? It was yesterday, 2015. People were not scared. The stigma 10 years ago, the stigma h HIV has been gone for a long, long time. Commercial, I don know still make the mosquito references. Like if it's somebody there at a, at at the cookout with shut Up And I know that's say yo, If a person with you know, you know HIV is at a cookout and mosquitoes is around, it's like whoa.


You know what I'm saying? Shut up. That I, I've heard that. So people do be scared in the summer, Those prep commercials be looking so happy. Yes, yes. As they are designed cheer because those people are happy. The stigma from H HIV V speaking is not what it was in any way, shape or form. Speaking of mosquitoes, did y'all grandma used to make y'all put on that Avon Oil? Yes. Hell AV stink so bad. Yeah, she wrote me down. So Avon Oil, what the hell is that? Hell yeah. Oh really? Black. Exactly What you talking, Avon used To smell so bad, not black. If you didn't get the Avon oil for the mosquitoes in the summer and your grandma, The skin's so soft. Yes. Skin so soft. Come on now. Soft. My god you really not black Like talking to you. My mama Dominican biggest spray.


Y'all. We didn't even have, have you ain't never Had an Avon lady visit your house with some skin So Soft. No, I recently went to a Mary Kay convention, the other. Okay, so that's kind of like that. But Avon was was the joint back Man. Not just mosquitoes. Ticks too. Grandma tell you that Avon skin so soft was for ticks and mosquitoes. I feel like it didn't work still. I don, I didn't feel like it worked. I'm, I don't remember getting bit like that back in the day. I'm from New York. We ain't got no ticks tonight. We ain't had no ticks like that. Y'all got Mosquito thought you ain't had no good C and we sprayed off. You mad at us because you ain't no good childhood. I had a great Cut. You missed out, sprayed off all NP had all the all brain cereals too. Yeah we did. And that is the latest with Lauren Actually F Frosted Flake with a real tag on it.


We had flakes and just go get it. The big box. The big one for the family. Yeah, we had Corn flakes raising brand and all that. Oh I know that's right. I know that's true. All right well that is the latest with Lauren And I just wanna tell everybody out there, it gets to a certain age where you can't do April Fool jokes no more. They tried to do one yesterday on me guy, act like he passed out And I called 9 1 1. Oh my god. I called 9 1 1 And I too smart. Oh, when you was doing the mouth to mouth I was minding my business. I tilted. I promise you. I Started doing the mouth to mouth. I started dude on the ground. I, I kept going. I was not And then you got your pink hoodie on today. I was like oh okay. You know what it People's choice mixes up next man.


The Breakfast Club. This play out The Breakfast Club Morning. Everybody is DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club now We got a salute to Bubba Wallace for joining us this morning. The Good brother Bubba Wallace NASCAR's on. I thought he was the first black NASCAR driver, but he's the second I think he Think the second. Yeah, he said there was others. Yeah And I also, he came with the chief executive officer, I believe of the Robin Hood app. Steve Quirk. So salute him as well. And also Reverend Al Sharpton for stopping through Reverend Al, the National Action Network Summit is happening all week. I'm talking about starting today. Starting today. Starting today. Yeah. They're honoring Miss Patti LaBelle tonight. So I'm gonna go, I'm go pay my respects to Miss Patti Labett.


Yeah, Reverend Al is on live this morning talking about it. So salute to Reverend Al. He had, he was holding the camera, right? He was in the gym? Yep. Oh, okay. Yo yo yo. Somebody was holding it for him. He was doing it himself and He was holding himself. Okay. Salute the river now. And Jess, you got shows this weekend? Yep. In Raleigh, North Carolina. I will be there. You said it's Raleigh, it's not Rally right Raleigh. That's my goal, Sam. Okay all. So it is Raleigh. Alright, that's what it is. I will be there at the improv. We got two shows this Friday. Two shows this Saturday. Get your tickets@jessofficial.com or improv.com. I will be there Friday and Saturday And I will be there Sunday for Dreamville Vest too. So yes. I can't wait to see y'all Riley. Alright, when we come back, positive notice to Breakfast Club.


Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's time to get up outta here. Charlamagne, you got a positive note? I do have a positive note, but before that I wanna tell everybody, make sure you go get your tickets for the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival happening Saturday, April 26th at Pullman Yards in Atlanta. What is today's date? Today is the second right? Second, Second, Second. So you got 24 more days, man. 24 more days before we're in in Atlanta for the third annual Black Effect podcast Festival. Sarah Jakes Roberts, Carrie, champion Tank and Jay Valentine, they will all be hitting that podcast stage. So go get your tickets@blackeffect.com slash podcast Festival. Now the positive note is simply this release self-judgment.


Did you hear what I just said? Release self-judgment. Even the opinions you have about yourself are not necessarily true. Therefore, you don't need to take whatever you hear in your own mind personally. Have a blessed day. Breakfast Club bitches. Y'all finish or y'all done?


Hey everybody, it's your favorite play cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning show. You know the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra. With available I Force Max Hybrid Engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


45 years ago, a Virginia Soul band called the Edge of Daybreak, recorded their debut album behind bars. Record collectors consider it a masterpiece. The band's surviving members are long out of prison, but they say they have some unfinished business. The End of Daybreak Eyes of Love was supposed to have been following up by another Apple. Listen to Soul Incarcerated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Did you know that 70% of people get hired at companies where they already have a connection? I'm Andrew Seaman, LinkedIn's editor at large for jobs and career development. And on my podcast Get Hired. I bring you all the information you need to, well get hired. Landing a job may be tough, but Get Hired is here for you every step of the way with advice on resumes, networking, negotiation, and so much more. Listen to Get Hired with Andrew Seaman on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you like to listen.


Ever Wonder what it would be like to be mentored by today's top business leaders? My podcast, this Is Working, can help with that. Here's advice from Google, CMO, Lorraine Tu Hill on how to treat AI like a partner. I see AI as an incredible co-pilot. You may use different tools or toys to get the work done, but AI is just the latest flavor of that. You are still the judge of what good looks like. I'm Dan Roth LinkedIn's editor in Chief on my podcast. This Is Working Leaders Share Strategies for Success. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.