
Everyone knows PayPal is a checkout button for online payments. But now you can use your PayPal debit card online and tap to pay in store. The PayPal debit card is your ultimate pal in paying smart everywhere. And now it earns you 5% cash back on a monthly category of your choosing. Restaurants, apparel, groceries, health, and beauty, and gas on up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. So let's do this after the podcast start earning 5% cash back with the PayPal debit card today. Don't just pay PayPal terms apply. See PayPal app. This card is issued by the Bancorp Bank. na, pursuant to license by MasterCard International Inc.


Hey everyone, it's Jay Shetty And I. Am so excited to let You know that my latest podcast interview is with the one and only Tom Hanks. I have left many wonderful atmosphere or a loving atmosphere without thinking, oh, things were really wonderful back then. I wish I was back there, Jay, I don't think I've ever thought that. Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Trust me, you won't want to miss this one.


Hi, I am Marie and I'm Sydnee and we're mess, well, not a mess, but on our podcast called Mess. We celebrate all things messy, but the gag is not everything is a mess. Sometimes it's just living things like J-Lo on her third, divorce Living Girls Trip to Miami Mess, Ozempic. Messy, messy, skinny, skinny Living. Well, you get it. Got it. Live Love Mess. New episodes available on November 7th. Listen to Mess with Sydnee Washington and Marie Fosten on Will Ferrell's Big Money Players Network starting November 7th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Julie Delman. I'm Rob Gronkowski. And we are super excited to tell you about our new show Dudes On Dudes. We're spilling all the behind scenes stories, crazy details, and honestly just having a blast talking football. Every week we're discussing our favorite players of all times. From legends to our buddies to current stars. We're finally answering the age old question. What kind of dudes are these dudes? We're gonna find out. Jules new episodes drop every Thursday during the NFL season. Listen to dudes on, dudes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hello, my unde Deadly Darlings. It's Theresa, your resident Ghost host. And do I have a treat for you? Haunting is crawling out from the shadows and it's going to be devilishly good. We've got chills, thrills and stories that'll make you wish the lights stayed on. So Join me, won't you? Let's dive into the Eerie Unknown together. Sleep tight. If you can listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Good morning. USA Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo. Good morning, Lauren. LaRosa. I'm actually envy. It's Halloween. I'm envy today. You Gonna be Envy for Halloween And open a show. Oh, Okay. Well, good morning. Peace to the Planet. I go by the name of Charlemagne tha God. That's LL Cool Bay over here. I don't know where the hell envy is. I could not take you serious in this costume like this. Happy Halloween. Happy h Envy. Oh, oh Yeah. Okay. Happy Halloween from The. Breakfast.


Club. Oh my God. What's happening? My God. How y'all feeling out there? Did you drive in like this this morning? I did. It gave on. I mean, I can't put my headphones on. That's the only thing. So that's good. So we can talk like this. Me Now, today is Halloween. Happy Halloween. You are Raphael from the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. Cowabunga. Cowabunga. That's actually my favorite Ninja Turtle. Yes. Lauren is from Delaware and I'm from, I'm Wolverine this morning from the Xmen. My, my costumes. You guys will know my costumes when I put it on, but it has to be staged. So we will do a photo once we are done this. And then you guys make sure you go to my Instagram or Twitter. What's that? Lauren La Rosen. You'll see it. Why Don't you have it on now? Because if I sat here in it, you wouldn't get it.


Just why not? Just trust me. I woke up this morning and had to wake the wife up to help me put this thing on. Do it You know how to get in that catsuit by yourself. Girl. Don't act like That. It's not a catchup. It's Giving a one piece. This is, This is outfit little One piece. It's not a one piece. You got the waist thick in it. First Of all, You know anything about Wolverine, dresses and layers. Oh, okay. Okay. This is the layered outfit. Yep. I definitely needed some help this morning. I'm not gonna lie. Somebody hit me in the back. I was like, how do you women do this with the zip in the back? You don't be making fun of me when I be need to get help in here. 'cause I'd be like living by yourself. Nobody can help you zip up anything. Oh, that's why I made, I, I made sure to empty out before I left the house this morning because You know I I poop on a very regular schedule. Okay. And so I made sure this morning I got it all out. 'cause I know it ain't gonna be none of that until about 11 o'clock.


Yeah. This is, this is ridiculous. But happy Halloween every day. It's Not ridiculous. The reason I love Halloween is 'cause You know when you get older and You know you got a lot of childhood things that you love that you never let go of. For me, it's comic books. You get to go out there and cosplay as your vape. Your favorite comic book characters you wearing that you can do it really, really right. When you Take you taking your girl trick or cheek, you wearing that, you Damn right. Yes. What you mean? Well, See, the reason I started wearing the mask is 'cause it was usually cold Halloween. Yeah. And I was freezing. So probably a mask. That's right. But it's gonna be hot as a mother effort today with this stuff for Yeah, it's gonna be hot today. My kids are super duper excited. I've been scaring the hell out of 'em all day. So we having fun. They scared of the Nja turtles. Yeah. They're scared of turtles. Big Mask. I'm be honest with You know how we gonna do front page news.


I can't put my headphones on here, Morgan. Yeah. So good luck. Yeah. Erika Badu will be joining us this morning Talking about superheroes. Yes. She'll be joining us this Morning. My two favorite superheroes are superhero healers are Erika Badu and Wolverine. That's right. So Ery Badu will be here this morning. You know she was, she's the newest recipient of the Council of Fashion Designers of America's Fashion Icon Award. That's right. I don't know what that means. They Just said CFDA just said C-F-D-A-C. That's that. That means she she be killing it When it comes to fashion. Yeah. That means she's the biggest, don't play with her. Ery. Badu deserves all the awards. So You know whatever award they gave her. I say she deserves it. You ordered that online. Well, else I got it from Vy. Not Rent Mine. That's why I asked. No, I bought this. I went to movies store. And, I. I don't, I wear these after Halloween. I got Black Panther, iron Man, Wolverine.


Where do you wear it to Wear at home? Whenever I feel like it. Like if I'm like, I be, I might be at home watching Wolverine and Deadpool one day or watching X-Men 97 and decide I want to dress up like Wolverine. Y'all know I got a tattoo of Wolverine on My arm. I I know. We, we see, I got this tattoo when I was 18 years old. You see that? See? And You know why I got it on my arm. Why? Because I've always loved his healing powers. And now look, look what I do. I'm a mental health advocate who's healing himself and helping other, I just can't unsee you sitting in your living room dressed in that costume watch. Like, I just can't, You can't see nothing past those eyelashes, Lauren. Okay, let's talk about, that's, talk about show cracking. Let's talk about how life looks, looks, looks to you. Those long ass eyelashes. Wipe It to the healing superpowers. It's still the shady ones over there for the Girl.


Put thriller this morning. I mean, it's Michael Jackson. Can we just put Kendrick to the side for a sec? Alright, let's go to Thriller. You should play Kendrick. 'cause the, well, we silence to the Dodgers. Dropping the close bonds to the Dodge. Oh, silence The dodger time. I text in the group chat. Put your helmet on. Something good. Something good. It never goes good. Just put your humming on so he can't see you. Cry. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning K. Happy Halloween. See you and yours. Morning everybody. We all The. Breakfast Club. Now let's get in some front page. News Sim. I need you to come buckle my shoulder. Pad Buckle. Just had to, My wife helped me with my shoulder pad this morning. They, they came off a little bitch, Tim. Come on, come help me Out. Now, last night, yes, the Yankees did lose. I actually went to the same bar to watch the game again. They were up five, nothing. And then I left the bar.


I went home. And by the time I got home, my daughter's boyfriend was there, Andrew. He was like, ah, ha ha. I'm like, ha ha. What? We up five? Nothing. We gonna win this today. He was like, no, you don't know. I said, no. What? He's like, the score is five five y. Y'all had three errors. So they score five unearned runs. So if you don't know, they look like a little league team in the, in the fifth inning when I mean dropping popups, the fir the pitch, not covering first base. They were throwing what, less than 10 feet away. And he threw it to the, to the ground. It was just disgusting and nasty. But congratulations to Dodge. I no idea Dodge idea what you're talking about. But they should have been on steroids. That's number one. Congratulations to the Dodgers. The Dodgers beat the Yankees last night, and they don't Deserve win. After they robbed Mookie them, them two white men assaulted Mookie. The way that they did that was karma.


Dammit. Yeah. Don't do that To little. That's Right. Anyway, well, good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. Happy Halloween. Y'all happy Halloween. Good Morning, Morgan. Who are you? I'm, I'm such a doll. You know You don't see the Chuckie resemblance. Oh, Okay. I'm a good guy. Yes. Okay. So yes, the countdown is on with election day Tuesday, November 5th, what now? Six days away. And on top of the front page news is making sure you exercise your right to vote. So former president Donald Trump, he showed up to his most recent campaign event in a MAGA themed garbage truck. The former president spoke on Wednesday at a rally in Green Bay, Wisconsin, which Wisconsin is a swing state where he rode in on a garbage truck that he said was quote, in honor of Kamala and Joe Biden Trump rode in on that truck in an effort to draw attention to comments made by President Biden.


What a way to flip it. Who called his supporters Garbage Biden said he was referring to a joke made by a comedian at a Trump rally who called Puerto Rico a floating island of garbage. But Trump has then flipped the script. So he rallied in Rocky Mountain, North Carolina, where he responded to the president's comments about calling his supporters garbage. Let's hear from Trump's rally in North Carolina. Joe Biden finally said what he and Kamala really think of our supporters. He called them Garbage You. know what the truth is? They've treated our whole country like garbage, whether they meant to or not, because they're grossly incompetent people.


For the past nine years, Kamala and her party have called us racist bigots. Fascist deplorables, irredeemables, Nazis. And they've called me Hitler. Actually, that was your running mate, JD Vance. The thing I don't understand, right? Like we all know it's a double standard when it comes to Donald Trump and everybody else, but it's not even just a double standard, it's just a short term memory. Everybody has, like Donald Trump, literally just called America a garbage can, like last week. Like, like, like literally, like literally just called America a garbage can last week. So it's just amazing to me how, not just the double standard that exists, it's just the short term memory everybody has. It's just people seem to forget everything Donald Trump has done. Even him saying that, yo You know, they called me a fascist Trump.


You called him fascist too. Like what, what are we, what are we doing here? Yeah, but any Type of motion that Trump feels like he can use, he's gonna use, right? Oh yeah. And Biden Biden, when Biden said his, his supporters were trash. Okay, well get the garbage truck. Yeah. And somebody just need to sit Biden down. Biden, we, We got this Biden. I know that, but I don't have a problem. I don't have a problem with You know Donald Trump doing that. The problem I have is that Democrats never know how to respond and the media never knows how to respond because he's done the exact same things he's accusing people of, but You know. Now this just takes up all the headlines. Donald Trump pulls up in a garbage truck. But what about Donald Trump saying America was a trash can just last week. Right? But it's because the pulling up in the garbage truck is a bigger antic. That's louder. So even if they respond, He's trolling, the garbage Truck is gonna go more viral.


He's Trolling. Yeah, he's definitely trolling. But Trump told the crowd that of course they're not garbage. And it's Biden and Kamala Harris who treat them like a subhuman because they're voting for him. Meanwhile, the vi the White House has tried to distance themself from Biden's. Comments on press Secretary Queen John Pierre, not so much. Well, they're, they're You know. They're clarifying the, the comments. Press Secretary Karine, Jean Pierre spoke about what President Biden meant to say in regards to this. So let's hear from White House Press Secretary. KJP. So he was regarding to the comedian And I quote, I refer to the hateful rhetoric about Puerto Rico spewed by Trump's supporter at his Madison Square Garden rally as garbage.


His demonization of Latinos is unconscionable. That's all I meant to say. The comments, the comments at the rally don't reflect who we are as a nation. Listen, if you think Puerto Rico's garbage, you're garbage. It's that simple. Yeah, it's Pretty simple. What are we talking about here, man? It's Pretty simple. What are we talking about? Yo? Well, we, I was gonna say, well, we can move on 'cause I know we gotta wrap anyways. But that's just front page news for 6:00 AM at 7:00 AM We'll get caught up with what's going on with VP Harris on the campaign trail. So yeah, Sam, come help me out. Sam. Now, as I was watching the game last night, I was, like I said, watching the first five innings. I didn't see any commercial. So did they not run a commercial with me and Charlemagne on it?


All right. No. Maybe they ran outta money. I don't know, but I have No idea. I didn't see it last night. I was, Unless they got something new they about to drop. Got something new they about to drop. Yeah. Well, our lawyers have been sending a lot of legal letters. I thought they'd be listening now. Yeah. At the bottom of the ninth inning. But You know who Knows pretty much. All right, well everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Let us know whatever's going on with you. H for Halloween, if you're dressing up for Halloween, if you're excited about Halloween, if you're not excited about Halloween, whatever it may be, get it off your chest. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's This? It's Joey. Joey. What's up? Get it off your chest, Joey. Hey. What up? Empty. What up, Charlamagne? What up, Lord? Peace. Peace. Hey Joey. Peace King. What's happening? Hey man, what's up Black Blessing. Highly saved this one, y'all. There you go. I wanna get off my chest. And I. Want to shout out my girlfriend? This woman is the love of my life. I genuinely love this woman. She made me a better man. That's what I like to hear, brother. That's And. I say this, when I'm out with her, I'm lost. I feel incomplete. So I give out. I'm shout to my girlfriend. What's her Name? Name is Jamia And. I gonna say, baby, I love you.


Woo. I can plan on going with you, baby. There You go. Whatever You got in trouble or something, you No, this is the person. I'm Ain't get in trouble to say you love his wife. I'm just making You said she's your girlfriend, right? You sound like you about to. Yeah. And I. You ready to take it to the next step? Yeah, I am. I'm ready to take it to the next step. To a I love that Char man. Yes, sir. Char man. I'm a, I'm a, I'm a water sign like you, bro. A what? So I wear my, I'm a water sign. Like you A water sign. Oh, A cancer You. know what? You is A Pi? Yeah. I'm I'm a Pisces. Okay. Do your thing, brother. Make sure you propose to her and make it nice. Oh bro. Yes sir. Hey Lauren, I wanna tell you this too. Oh God. Do not let Charlemagne get to your head. Ain't nobody worried about Charlemagne in that little crazy Of all.


Can't nobody get the Lauren hand Helps. He better hope that helmet. She wears a helmet every day. I knew That's where he was going. You better help. Hope your helmet stay you on that greasy Head. She wears a fairy helmet every day. Don't, don't talk to You like that. You don't worry about him. Hello. Who's this over there? Yeah. Hello? Hello. Hello. Good morning. Good morning. What's up, bro? My, my name Mike, man. Good morning. What's up Mike? I was, I I was born in Ham, but I've been here Phone sound crazy, Mike. Hey, I've been here since 85. Yeah. I listened to the 85 South Show too. No, I don't. He said that. Oh. Hello. Who's this? Hi, This is Una. Hey Shawna. Good morning. Good morning. I'm calling from South Carolina.


How are y'all? Hey. What part of South Carolina are you from? Charleston? 8 4 3. What's happening? That's home. Oh yes. Oh yes. There's a lot going on down here recently. What happened? There's a whole lot. You know. It's just crazy. I don't even need to get into it, but I just call in to get off my chest. That recently y'all have been talking about how nobody is waving their finger at the white women for not voting how they need to be voting. And That's right. I wanna be that person because Trump is not for women in general. So I don't understand why women in general would even want to vote for somebody that doesn't have our rights in general, in the forefront of their mind.


Like even abortion rights aside, like he doesn't have fertility rights to privacy, any of that at the forefront of his mind. But like, why are you considering somebody that wants to vote that, that wants to like, put that on the chopping block? Are you a white woman? I am. Okay. Well, 52% of white women voted for Trump in 2016. 55% in 2020. I, I, I, I would hope that number is significantly lower this year. I, I do too. I fortunately, at least for the people that I have spoken to, I see that number decreasing as for me in my household. I know who we're voting for and it is for Madam President. That's great. So, Okay, because y'all vote, Shauna, you definitely voted against your own interest in 2016.


That's why he was able to put all those Supreme Court judges on. And that's why Roe v. Wade got overturned. So don't make that mistaken this year. Hopefully, hopefully not. Last year was my first year to be able to vote. We voted in our interest, me and my household, this is only our second election, so we've only been able to vote for the last two election years. And we've seen our rights on the chocolate block both of those years. So. Oh, so you young, you're 22? I'm 25. 25. Okay. So I've only been able to vote twice. Yeah. Okay. Well thank you mama. Thank you. Let's go white women. Get it off your chest. I never heard. Swear. Go white women. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now.


It's The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast. Club. Ray. Ray. Ray. Yo. Man. Envy. What up? Are we Lying? This is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a Outdoor pool. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. We Can get on the phone right now here and tell you what. It's, we lied. Hello? Who's this? Hello? Hey, what's your name bro? My Name is Isaiah. What's up bro? Get it off your chest, man. Ain't nothing man. I, I mean, I ain't really that excited for Halloween. I'm just, I'm just doing it 'cause I got a daughter. You know. She's all excited. How is your daughter? You should be excited 'cause she's excited brother. My daughter's seven and yeah, that's why I'm excited.


But other than that I can't, I ain't buy no candy. I'm hoping the house I go to, they got You. You don't got a costume? Nah, I'm gonna get a mask from like seven 11 or something like that. Or maybe I can make one real Quick. I'm gonna be honest with you man. Just go as yourself man. Be a clown because you sound like a clown right now. Damn man. Come on man. Able to Afford it. I mean, I'm just celebrating for my daughter. Well get more excited, more enthusiasm for her then. That's right man. Listen man, I'm doing my best. At least I ain't cancel Halloween to try to say like some religious stuff. I, I'm doing it. You know I don't even, nothing. I ain't hear nothing. You say just now I got my mask on man. I barely can hear you bro. You said At least he ain't cancel Halloween in his household because of religious regions. Oh, I grew up Jehovah Witness.


I grew up Jehovah Witness. That ain't no excuse. Goodbye. I'm making up for years of Halloweens that I didn't get. We could tell. Oh, we Could tell. Yeah, we, oh my God. It makes so much sense. Hello, who's this? Hey, peace and blessings man. What's going on? Hey, What's good morning, Sean Stone. Sean Stone. What's up brother? Hey, good morning Charmagne. Good morning envy and good morning Lauren la Good morning. How you doing? How did you feel When Trump pulled up in the garbage truck, brother? Hey man, it's little slu that guy pulling up in the garbage truck, man, I like that. 'cause You know I'm in the garbage truck right now myself. That's cultural appropriation. Donald Trump is culturally appropriating and you exuding that. What culture? I'm synonymous with a garbage truck. Listen.


Garbage truck people. Garbage truck people. Sanitation. Hey, I wanna shout at all the, I wanna shout out all the sanitation driver out there. Well, listen. Hey, show man. Lemme ask you a quick question. Yes sir. Would you guys ever have Donald Trump on, on, on The, Breakfast, Club So you guys could grill him? Of course. Yeah, of course, of course. So why you guys never invited him up There? How You know we haven't. Why you just, why? Why are you just assuming things? Why are you just saying things that ain't true? So he declined and send the white Lady, what's her name, Send the White lady. Then not only did he get a formal request, he's actually had people reach out to us. Yeah. And You know several times and we've said yeah quite a few times. But he never came. They Said they went through the vetting process, all that.


But we haven't heard anything. Okay. Okay. As long as you guys invite him You. know what I mean? That's cool. If he decide not to come, I don't know why not? Sean, I want you to listen. Sean, listen once again. Not only was he invited, yes. They asked us quite a few times. Yes. And we said yes. Yes. And nothing came of it. Oh wow. That's crazy. Well, that's crazy. But also I want to talk about little Dirk. I don't understand these rappers. You come out of the ghetto, you start making money and you're not appreciating your blessing that God bless, bless you with. And you're committing crime and then putting it in your song. I don't understand that. If you going to slide side for your kids, make sure they good.


Make sure your wife is good. Make sure things that home is good. So I I really don't understand these rappers, man. I was really rooting for Little Dirk, but damn bro. Well, he's innocent until proven guilty. Yep. Hey, Dar, man, these dudes be committing crime and putting in their song. You feel me? He's innocent until proven guilty. Songs sometimes could be considered as arts. And, and we can't make a until we hear all the details, bro. That's what anybody charge. Envy. Envy. Somebody could get shot by the tree and, and, and, and one of these rappers would be like, oh yeah, I shot him by the tree. Yo Dei You know. Like, Well, Sean, lemme Sean. Sean, I remember when Trav Trav, who's our, who's our friend, but he's a, he's a caller who calls up here.


He's gay. He said in his dis record, he said in his dis record you tried to holler at him. Yep. And he let you taste it. Yep. Is that true? That Might be true then because he just said if they put it in a rap, it's true. Is That true? He was rooting for You. Know You know what? That might be true. We still You Know why it would never be true. He put in a rap. It's True because people in The, Breakfast Club been hearing me for 15 years. They know I'm not gay. I don't, we don't know that You know nothing. We don't know nothing about We crib. We don't dunno what you doing in your house. Lauren. Lauren, why you be rapping with you Scott? I be listening. I don't know. I especially don't know. Yeah. Now all of a sudden you don't wanna believe rap lyrics. Tra said you tasted it. Rap lyrics. I would. I would. Listen guys. I would.


You stuttering. Why you stuttering? You stuttering? 'cause you're mouth watering. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Cow bunga. We got just what the mess with all Lord coming up. We do. We What costume is this? This Is just You know Fly Girl. My costume is coming later. Please relax later. The people won't get it if I just sit here in the costume minute. It, it needs to be staged. Make sure you follow on Instagram. 10 You. know that right. The show's over at 10. Lauren La Rosa. It'll be posted to Instagram Now. The Delaware Dodoo. But Od Butt, the Delaware.


Hi, I am Marie and I'm Sydnee and we're mess. Well not a mess, but on our podcast called Mess. We celebrate all things messy. But the gag is not everything is a mess. Sometimes it's just living. Yeah. Things like J-Lo on her third, divorce Living Girls Trip to Miami Mess. Ozempic. Skinny, skinny Living Restaurant stealing a birthday cake mess. Wait, what flavor was the cake though? Okay, that's a good question. Hooking up with someone in accounting and then getting a promotion. Living. Living, breaking up with your girlfriend while on Instagram Live, living, living. It's kind of mess. Yeah. Well, you get it. Got it. Live Love mess. New episodes available on November 7th. Listen to Mess with Sydnee Washington and Marie Foton on Will Ferrell's Big Money Players Network starting November 7th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Julian Edelman. I'm Rob Gronkowski. Guess what folks? We're teammates again and we're gonna welcome you guys all to Dudes on. Dudes. I'm a dude. You're a dude. And dudes on Dudes is our brand new show. We're gonna highlight players, peers, guys that we played against, legends from the past. And we're just gonna sit here and talk about 'em. And we'll get into the types of dudes. What kind of types of dudes are there? Drunks. We got Studs, wizards, we got Freaks or dude's. Dude, we got Dogs Dog. We'll break down their games. We'll share some insider stories and determine what kind of dude each of these dudes are. Is Randy Moss a stud or a freak? Is Tom Brady a dog or a dude's? Dude, we're Gonna find out. Jules new episodes drop every Thursday during the NFL season. Listen to dudes on, dudes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm a superwoman fighting off all the demons in this room. A k, a Delaware. Dude, If you going laugh at that kind of funny, it's kind of funny. We do have just with the Dangs, we have Jess with the Mess coming up. We about to talk about Diddy and some updates and all the Diddy stuff. All Right, we'll get to it next at The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Don't You know. Don't be here. Joking. All Right. The Breakfast. Club. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Not like us. Congratulations to the LA Dodgers. Dropping a cruise bond to the Dodgers man. Be happy for people man. When you see other people get SI said congratulations and you see other people doing things that you wanna do, salute them You. know what I mean? Like the West Coast has been having a fantastic year. Phenomenal year. They have, they have definitely. Dodgers got that Cyborg, what's his name?


Tani. Tani. He's not a real human. He's not. Okay. He was created in a lab. They need the drug test. Well, robot test him it. There's an o tiny lab somewhere in Asia that he was creating. And I'm telling you. All right, well happy Halloween. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the Mess with Lauren LaRosa. Real Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't Do no lying. Don Don't nobody World mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the Lauren. Lauren Osa. I'm back. And. I got the Mess. Me to me Wolverine, you ain't over there. Yeah. Let me take my helmet off so I can hear.


Lemme see. Okay. Yo, that's why you was looking at me like that. Yeah, He can't, hey, he can't put his head on. That's why Healing Powers for real. I want this hairline to heal, but continue Your hairline. Yes. It doesn't exist. It's never, it's never gonna exist. Put your head down. Let me see where it start. Oh, Jesus Christ. Oh my God. All the way back there. All the way Back there. I wish you had the healing powers too. I ain't never wanted nothing more for you When I come in here with that Leafblower tomorrow. Alright, alright. Alright. So in New Diddy updates, so remember we had talked a bit about Carolina Harper, who was a part of Dirty Money with Dawn Richard because Dawn Richard had filed a lawsuit and in the lawsuit she named Ms. Harper like 33 times over 30 times. Yes. Saying that Ms. Harper witnessed a lot of the things that Dawn said.


She went through. She said, Dawn said that they saw Diddy abuse Cassie allegedly hit her hit Cassie, throw Cassie against the wall. They, she also alleged that she had been locked in a car and that remember she was locked in that like a bad boy like Maybach when he Puffy got upset that she was late to the studio and that she had to call her Dad. Yep. And Ms. Harper was in the car. But basically a lot of the abuse that she's filing in her or claiming her lawsuit, she's saying, Hey, she was right there and she saw it all. Now Kalana is speaking out. She spoke out on a Trapper's Anonymous podcast and she talked a lot about the Dawn Richards filing. Let's take a listen The name quite a few times in Dawn's lawsuit. What was it like finding that out when you woke up?


I was, I was angry, I was pissed. I'm working on my project. I'm at the end of it and then all of a sudden it's like a rib shot because Don knows me and she know that all she ever had to do if something was going on was to say something and it would've been like Donkey cool. Like we would junk. That would've outta, but that wasn't the case. I think she just possibly thought Puff gave me more than her and she just didn't have that. But that wasn't how that went. I think it's, I don't wanna say Bull, I think maybe Dawn and I don't know, but I will say Broke Mother would make you, they would do anything for money. And I just want what she's saying to be the truth. I never understood the phrase that song like Donkey Kong 'cause on Don't Wrong Ryan with Kong And.


I don't remember Donkey Kong being on like that. Mm. We played it. It wasn't on like Mike Jackson punch out the Mario because he used to Tech Mo. Ain't that the game where like he would jump on everything. Donkey Kong? Yeah, they didn't jump on everything. It was like on Maybe on. Okay. And what do you call it? You call it Collina? It's it's Kaena. I think it's Kalina. Kaena. I'm okay. I'm sorry. I, I Don don't, I think so. I think her name is Collina. Right? I don't just call her Ms. Harper. You guys know who I'm talking about? It's Ka She's the other member from Dirty Money. But I will mention too, remember when Diddy went to go try and get that bail, they mentioned that he had reached out to her like over 50 times. She also talked about that too. Just real quickly. She said that like, she kind of like, almost like laughed about about it a bit like she was saying like, oh yeah, he got in trouble for calling me all these times.


And she was saying that like there were a bunch of other different people that called her and that You know, like, it was almost put in a, in a, in a way of her saying at the time when everything was happening, of course he would've called me. Like, so She, she didn't say he was threatening you just said that. No, there was no she in, in this video. She's not, she's basically saying, I didn't see any of that stuff that Dawn is saying, if I did, I would've stuck up for her because she talks about her how in her past, some of her family members were abusive, both You know sexually and, and emotionally and all that. So she wouldn't have stood for that as what she was saying. But then she also talks about Cassie because she's asked how was her relationship with Cassie? Let's take a listen. Cassie Lover to death naive, like getting high, she likes partying.


She liked that. That was the thing. She's a mom. She was well taken care of. You told me a story about going to an apartment one time. Yeah. Which one? The one that looked like a closet. That all white condo in New York, that's just glass with glass stairs escalating up the 70 foot ceiling. A hundred foot ceiling while spoiled. I'm not saying Cassie is not deserving of any of these things, but this was her life. Yeah. So for this part, What, what is this interview about? Yo, Lemme tell you. Okay, so I wanna just say it. And I, I, when I was watching And, I'm like, is she okay? She didn't, it was times where she was like it, she just didn't appear to be fully all the way there.


But the interview was basically her speaking out because no one has really heard from her since Dawn's lawsuit and since they made those claims in court that she was called all those times by Puffy. Right. In my opinion, and this is just my opinion, this lawsuit was her taking up for Puffy saying like, he's the man. The who? This interview, you mean every Yeah, this interview, this, everybody enjoyed him while he was here. And now everybody is trying to get money. And she at the same time says like, I'm not trying to take away anybody that's claiming something happened to them. Like, she called Cassie like a hero at one point. She's like, if this is her being a hero, more power to her. But then she also says Cassie was just like, it just made, it was very contradictory. Here's the thing I don't understand about stuff like this, right? So You know you say all of these things and you try to paint this picture about somebody like Cassie.


We all still saw Cassie get abused on a video. She that too. So it's like, I don't, I don't understand what, what what, what are you trying to say here? Are you trying to say that You know you should put up with that type of abuse because of the lifestyle you was living? I don't know. I'm just asking. I haven't looked, watched this interview. I'm just Hearing click. That's what I took from it. Because at the same time that she said Cassie had a great life, she was spoiled. She also said she saw the video, but she was not around when any of that happened. And it's like, and and, and she literally said it. She's like, but at the same time, I wish Cassie would've talked to Cassie would've talked about the good stuff. Like, 'cause she went back to Puff after. Don't that, don't have to know. Just 'cause somebody does something good for you does not mean they're good for you. I want y'all all to remember that lesson in life, period. Just because somebody does something good for you doesn't mean that they are good for you.


And it, it is just mind boggling to me that everybody keep acting like The. World didn't see a video of Diddy beating. Yeah, we Cassie up. Yeah, we definitely seen the video. But this is what I don't understand. People say Cassie should be talking about the good stuff. Cassie hasn't said anything at all. Cassie hasn't did an interview. Cassie hasn't made a statement. The only thing that she did was the lawsuit that we all seen Cas Cass Cassie Don't have to say anything. Yeah, that's What I'm saying. She hasn't said anything and she shouldn't have to like, I mean people are looking video even with, with with Kaleena. I mean, she's gonna have to testify in trial You. know what I mean? So it's like the more you talk, the more they're gonna say, okay, well I want you to say that on the stand because she's inserting herself into this. You do. And I said this earlier already. I thought some of the claims too that she made in here. I'm like, Ooh. She like, legally I'd been, I wouldn't have got on the platform and said that just because any person you're claiming it about can come for you too.


Yeah. And, and that's my point. But I've al I've said this already numerous times throughout this whole situation. The reason you can't give people will not give Diddy the benefit of the doubt about anything is that video. 'cause he initially lied about Cassie's Cassie's claims and then the video came up. So everybody should just shut up That. And that's what Busta Brown said. Everybody says, everybody just shut Up. Everybody Shut up until let it go to court. Like, because nobody knows anything. And and like you said, nobody has to talk. Cassie doesn't have to say anything. Ca Yeah. Cassie is not gonna talk about the good or the bad. She hasn't said anything. And I'm not coming into nobody's defense if you already got caught in a huge lie like that. That's what, that's just common sense to me. Well, So you got, yep, That's it for this hour. What Are you gonna put your costume on?


It's Halloween. Damn. She got it on. I'm going to put, what am I? A Delaware dodoo butt. And I told you Know, dude, Can I say the a word on it? Yes. No. Which one Though Captain? You You know what I called you earlier. You can't put the hole in No far from amazing. Another a word Captain. Yeah, Captain ass. You can say that. My Costume will be later guys. It has to be staged. If I sat here in the costume, you wouldn't understand it. So when I put it on And I, take the photo. I promise you it will blow these guys two costumes out of the water. I don't wanna hear that. Just talk till you do it. All right, well when we come back we got front page news. Morgan Wood will be joining us and then Erica Badu will be our The God. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the Same Morning everybody.


It's DEJ Envy Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy we are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. And let's get back in some front page news. Yes, the Yankees lost last night. Congratulations to the LA Dodgers. Four one. It wasn't a suite we actually should have won last night, but in the fifth name the Yankees look like a Little big shit. Shut up. Gotta point out it wasn't a was a spliff. It Wasn't, everybody thought it was gonna get swt. It's like a winner's a winner. You said that earlier this week. Loss is a loss winning, right? We lost. I said we lost. I said congratulations to the Dodger fans. That's my aunt had a penis. She'd be my uncle. Okay, so shut up. What? Right the side sl to the Dodgers dropping the cruise bounce to the Dodgers. The west coast really has had an amazing year. This has been the West coast this year. This has been LA's year and it's not even close.


Alright, Well let's get into some front page news. What up Morgan Tyler, The creator just sold 250,000. Yes. I think they said more. You might sell like up to 301st week West Coast, man. Shees, chroma, Copia. All right, so good morning, y'all Envy Charlamagne. Lauren, how y'all feeling? Good. Good Morning. Peace Morgan. Ooh. All right. So the countdown is on with election day Tuesday, November 5th, six days away. On top of your front page news, make sure you exercise your right to vote. So vice President Kamala Harris, she's entered the chat addressing the comment made by President Biden, where he called Trump supporters garbage. And here's what she had to say in regards to that. Let's jump into VP Harris's comments on Biden's garbage comments. Listen, I think that first of all he clarified his comments.


But let me be clear. I strongly disagree with any criticism of people based on who they vote for. You heard my speech last night and continuously throughout my career. I believe that the work that I do is about representing all the people, whether they support me or not. And as president of the United States, I'll be a president for all Americans. Whether you vote For me or not, that's what a president supposed to do. She's very presidential You. know what I mean? Like she's gonna be a president for all people, whether they support her or not, whether they vote for her or not. Yes, she is very clear about You know that level of respect that she has for all Americans. Now, she was on the campaign trail in the battleground state of Wisconsin as well, saying it's back to it's good to be back in a town where she spent several years of her childhood.


She continued to touch on her own life saying she grew up in a working family. So she understands the challenges facing the middle class right now. She promised her proposed economic plan, excuse me, would uplift the middle class and give over 100 million Americans a tax cut while also slamming Donald Trump in Wisconsin. Let's hear those comments from BP Harrison, Wisconsin. If he is elected, it's not gonna happen. But if he were elected on day one, Donald Trump would walk into that office with an enemies list. You know he talks about the enemies from within. When I am elected, I will walk in with a to-do list focused on your me.


So her rally was also briefly interrupted by pro-Palestinian protestors, to which you used her famous infamous line You. know she did respond to them saying that she agrees that the war in Gaza needs to end and hostages need to be released. But I'm speaking. So she used that infamous line. Now, Republican vice presidential candidate, JD Vance, he'll be back in central Pennsylvania this weekend. Donald Trump says Vance will host a rally in New York on Sunday. Details about that event have not been released as of yet. Harris is also expected to make stops in Pennsylvania and she's also gonna stay in DC on election night. Sources close to the Harris Walls campaign. Say the Democratic presidential nominee will be holding event at Howard University, her HBCU, her alma mater, where she graduated in 1986.


Howard University officials say classes will be held remotely on Monday and the campus will be closed on Tuesday for election day. So is that Confirmed yet? This is according to a source, close to the campaign, the Harris Walls campaign, that that's where she will be as totals roll in. Now to your point in the last few days, we know that maybe the results may not be, may not come down on that night election night. So, but yes, that is where she is expected to be on election night. Now, as sources Say, sources say The Breakfast Club in the Native Land podcast, which is Angela Rye, Tiffany Cross, Andrew Gillum.


They may be broadcasting from Howard University on election night as as well. That's what sources say. I don't, that's what sources say. So I can't confirm. Can't Confirm yet. Deny can't confirm yet. But that's what sources say. Hmm. Okay, so you putting the pieces together, I see you there. I see you there. So as for tonight, Harris and Trump will be on Arizona spending their Halloween in Arizona. She will be in Phoenix rallying with Mexican American ban Los de Norte, while Trump will be holding a rally in Glendale with Tucker Carlson. Of course, they'll also be in Nevada today as well. And Trump will also be visiting New Mexico. So very busy on the campaign trail for the candidates, the presidential candidates.


Let's, let's switch gears to a little bit. I never Heard of that band, but they sound tasty. I mean, I like, I like Mexican food. Most tea girls dete Man, bring the salsa. Okay, bring the salsa. You crazy. All right, so Halloween costumes, some Halloween costumes are evergreen like princesses and pirates. But others come and go with Pul pop culture fads. So for example, this year's most popular costumes, Marvel's Deadpool and Deadpool Rine. Yeah. Rine our most popular this year across the country, following a massive following massive blockbuster film over the summer. Minions from Despicable Boom Me are also up this year.


Of course that movie was very popular as well as Pixars inside out. So the variety of emotions. So if you're looking for a group costume to do the variety of emotions as far as real people, people are going as Taylor Swift, that's a popular costume. And shrunken Bob from Beetlejuice is also extremely popular this year. Okay. In addition to the Australian break dancer who became a viral, that's funny. Olympics. Oh my Girl. What was her name? Nobody knows. I Would just like the record to show that I have been a Wolverine fan my whole life. That's why I have a Wolverine tattoo on my right arm, which I got when I was 18 years old when tattoos were illegal in South Carolina. And I have Wolverine holding a mic in my microphone in this hand. Mm.


And the reason I've always been attracted to Wolverine was because of his healing powers. Before I let I leave you guys, I just wanna let You know, since you were talking about You know, being a kid and in South Carolina, what is the age limit for trick or treating? What do you guys think? The age limit there one. Is there an age limit for trick or treating? I think so. No, I didn't think so. Yeah, You as an adult with no kids just going to houses. I got so many kids, we just never stop. So according to a survey from Fairlee Dickinson University in New Jersey, most most Americans say kids should stop trick or treating. By 13 and a half years old, at least 25% say kids should go go out, trick or treating as long as they like. Meantime, when it comes to the best cities to trick or treat in for Halloween Wallet, it Hub says New York City is the best.


And Jersey City in, in New Jersey comes in second. So shout out to y'all up there in You. know the, that Tri-state area. Yeah, Jersey New York is the best. I I would have to agree. I was gonna say check that candy though. You know I'm, I don't need to You know what's crazy. I don't even think we let our kids eat the candy, to be honest with you. It's almost just like a sport at this point. Yeah, they don't That Don the candy no More. I don't trust these people out here. Nah. What we usually do is we just buy candy. They give it to us when the kids, because by the time they get home it's too late anyway. So we just throw it out and just replace it with the candy we got already. All right. Well that's your front page news. You guys have a happy Halloween. Be safe. Thank you Morgan. Out there with the kiddos. I'm Morgan Wood. Follow me on social at Morgan Media for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network or download the free iHeartRadio App.


Visit us at BIN news.com. Happy Halloween y'all. Ha. Oh, I should have used the Chucky line. Elvis Duran is dressed like a banana. Yeah, he's a Banana right now. We are Friends Till the end There. Go all how go? Well, when we come back, everybody, You buy those eyes at the store or did, When we come back, Erica Badu will be joining us. It The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Happy Halloween. The Breakfast. Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Jess is on maternity leave. So Lauren LaRosa is filling in and we got a special guest in the building. The icon living. Yes.


Miss Erica Badu. Welcome back. Peace. Peace. Peace. How you feeling? How you feeling? Exquisite. There you go. All right. Congratulations on receiving the CFDA Fashion icon Award. Oh, thank you very, very much. I have no idea what that means, but super proud. I feel like you deserve all the awards. So congrats. It's, they say, I found out it's the Oscar of Fashion. Really? So that, that award means a lot to people in the fashion industry and to us as artists as well. You know creators who are, I love Art Isbell Trying to You know evolve our, our culture. Okay. You know. So that means a lot to be recognized. It's always felt like you had an effortless style. Do you really put a lot of thought into how you, how You dress?


Sometimes. Okay. You know sometimes I do and sometimes it's just grace. Now you said during your speech that this was an award that you wanted for a long time. Yeah. Was that true that long? Absolutely. You said as A childly since You know, I didn't even know that you could get an award for that, but just wanted to be recognized for the canvas that I create when I go out. I mean, it's really important to me. It's my therapy. You know I can't leave without having my, like I said in the speech, other You know. It's just something that came with my head. You know it's a a nagging thing. And sometimes when I don't try really hard, it sometimes gracefully comes together. I guess maybe 'cause of my intention, the fashion gods gave me the keys out here in these streets.


You talked about your best friend who accompanied you to the awards, Alfredo and Alfredo and him introducing you to a lot of the fashion houses and stuff like that. Were fashion houses, houses always like open and like rushing to support you and all of your creative ideas? Or did you have to, was there a fight? 'cause I, a lot of artists talk about it being a fight, trying to get into the couture houses. You know I was out since 1997 and social media was really the opening to a lot of these relationships because they could now directly get to the artist where they probably didn't know how to get to the ones that they wanted to feature before. Right. The first person that reached out to me was Tom Ford. Tom Ford wanted me to do a, a perfume at White Patchouli, which was his natural incense flavors.


What Year was this? This was 2000 thousand and two maybe. Oh, okay. 2002. Yeah. So that's Tom Ford and Tom Ford's from Texas as well. So we kind of formed a, a bond, I guess as I evolved my style other houses or artists. 'cause it's really the creative director. Yes. This the, the person he, he's the, he's the house at the time. 'cause his vision is trusted most. And they started You know, kind of paying attention to You know the, the Godliness or the Freeness or the hobo chicness. It was, it's been called all kinds of things. Next was Roberto tci. Mm. And he was the creative director of Vinci at the time.


And that was my first full campaign. And he let me co style with him and put things together. And I think it just after that I was kind of You know. I was on the radar for, for certain things. Definitely the page to go to if you want to know what's next. Right. And how do you pick, like the other day at the CFDA awards, you were in Tom Brown. How do you pick which designers and which houses now you wanna work with? 'cause I'm sure they're all banging you. You can do anything you want Now. Right in i, I picked Tom specifically for this event because he's the chairman of the event. Yes. And he's, he's also a very, very good friend of mine. And his art is just so amazing. So I thought since I was being honored, I would also honor him by wearing one of his pieces.


And I. I chose one from runway a, a really beautiful architectural shape. Real pretty And I said. But I need something futuristic ancient to go on top. And I saw this ai, I think you saw this post this morning, I'm not sure, but I saw this AI rendering of this, this headpiece, And I reached out to the person, And I told him, this is really beautiful. I would love to challenge a designer to bring this to life in the five D World, four D world. He said, okay. So I called a friend Chris Habana, who does a lot of crafting amazing jeweler. And he said yes. And he had three days and he pulled a team together and they did some 3D printing to try to really, it is, it's amazing.


It's amazing. Do you remember where you were at when you got the call that you was getting to see FDA or I was at home and my agency forwarded me the, the email. I was like, wow, okay. It's good stuff. That's good. Did you immediately know what you was gonna wear? Did you see that vision? Absolutely not. Okay. Absolutely not. This thing was three weeks away. I didn't know I was gonna wear it tomorrow. At that time, You, you've done capsules before with people and, and collaborated. You ever thought about doing your whole line like a full clothing line from America Badu from Ruda to TDA and everything in between? And. I have thought about that. I I had a chance to practice that with Marni in French. Francesco Riso.


We did a collab Mar and Badu last year. A lot of things happened for me in fashion last year. Right. You know there was the last two years, it was my first fashion week, so that's when I really started to catch the bug. And I met Francesco because we went to the Met Ball together and we drew up some things and talked about some things and had a capsule line that came out. And these sleeves are part of it. The collab was everywhere. It was So funny. Yes. Everybody was in y'all collab and Marni. That was your first fashion week? Yes. Oh, like you attending or like what do you mean by that?


Yeah. It was my first fashion week in 2023. Yeah. Wow. And that was, so during that time that, that collab is no 22, is that collab, the collab when you got to work with your daughter Puma too, with Marni? Or was it a different Yes. Okay. Yes. And how did that feel? Because like, okay, we see LeBron and Ronnie on the, on the court and they're like, You know, but like, this is your lane and now your daughter's coming into it and y'all are working with a fashion house. Yeah. How did you feel just doing that with her? It was surreal. It was a dream. You know, because Puma's such an individual person that I didn't know what direction she wanted to go in And. I still don't You know. She's, she's 20, so she's kind of finding her way.


And sometimes when your kid is an artist, they don't want to follow your shadow. Yeah. They want to find their own thing. But she was cool with supporting me and standing beside me and she was like, mom, I don't care. You know. This is for you. So would you do your own line? Do you want to do your line? Or that's not something that's in your culture right now? Absolutely. Absolutely. Would you have the time for it? Oh yeah. I would make time. I saw online you were doing some interviews just after the awards and you were wearing some Jordans. Yes. Were those There were, that was a Jordan Virgil collab. No, it wasn't. Okay. It was, that's not true then. Because they were saying it was like an unreleased clip. It Did, it was an unreleased one. But it wasn't Virgil. It was shoe surgeon.


Got you. Okay. Yeah. People just give you like, how do, how do you get your hands? Yeah, they do. Do people online. Were going crazy over the collab. Yeah. And they were trying to figure out where, like how you even got the, the shoes. Right. Showed up at my door one day. Yo. I was like, yeah. I was like, yo. All my fashion block pages are literally, literally trying to figure out Yes. Shoot y'all zoomed in on And everything. I zoomed in so, 'cause I'm like, I don't even see.


Hi, I am Marie and I'm sydnee and we're mess. Well not a mess, but on our podcast called Mess. We celebrate all things messy, but the gag is not everything is a mess. Sometimes it's just living. Yeah. Things like J-Lo on her third Divorce Living Girl's Trip to Miami Mess. Ozempic, messy, skinny Living restaurant stealing a birthday cake mess. Wait, what flavor was the cake though? Okay, that's a good question. Hooking up with someone in accounting and then getting a promotion. Living, living, breaking up with your girlfriend while on Instagram. Live, living, living. It's kind of mess. Yeah. Well you get it. Got it. Live Love Mess. New episodes available on November 7th. Listen to Mess with Sydnee Washington and Marie Foton on Will Ferrell's Big Money Players Network starting November 7th on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Drew Am Julian Edelman. I'm Rob Gronkowski. Guess what folks? We're teammates again and we're gonna welcome you guys all to Dudes on. Dudes. I'm a dude. You're a dude. And Dudes on Dudes is our brand new show. We're Gonna highlight players, peers, guys that we played against, legends from the past. And we're just gonna sit here and talk about 'em and we'll get into the types of dudes. What kind of types of dudes are there? Gros. We Got Studs, wizards, we got Freaks Or Dudes. Dude, we got Dogs Dog. We'll break down their games. We'll share some insider stories and determine what kind of dude each of these dudes are. Is Randy Moss a stud or a freak? Is Tom Brady a dog or a dude's? Dude, We're gonna find out. Jules new episodes drop every Thursday during the NFL season. Listen to dudes on, dudes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


See Any of Virgil's like You know he has the things that he does. Yeah. When You know it's him, I'm like, I don't see none Of that shoe. Hers to get busy. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe I'm not gonna say nothing about that boy. Nothing. What What? Say Nah. We'll tell y'all another Time when the news come out. That's right. He Said. How do you feel about that? Alright, we have more with Erica. Bad do when we come back. Don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess and we're still kicking it with Erica Badu. Charlamagne. Now you've always been an artist that's sensitive about your, you told that a long time ago, but you said in your speech at CFDA that is scary being a artist in the social media era.


Yeah. So how, how, how has social media made that critique worse, I guess. Yeah. It is scary. I mean, I've heard my own kids be afraid to express and share their art. Mm. Ery Baduy is scared to share their art and express themselves because the, the audience is so vicious at this point. And they have such a huge appetite for blood and they want people to be disciplined and humbled and punished for their success almost. That's right. It's what it seems like. So that's why You know a lot of kids are afraid to You know, share their work or share their art or feel like they have to come in, come at it with some kind of armor on.


And that armor doesn't allow for the art to truly express itself, in my opinion. So it's, it's a scary time for art. We didn't have to do that. Mm. We didn't have to deal with that. Y you heard the few little comments and things, but those weren't strong enough to penetrate a strong person. But these things are now, because when people come at you in numbers, we've talked about groupthink so many times. It was a prediction that I made with window seat. Window seat. That's right. In 2010, groupthink would overshadow art. And it's right now because people can, people can, I think it's very smart to get at the channels instead of getting at the, the, the vloggers and the people.


We see artists penalizing the, the, the channels themselves. And, I think that's the smart thing because that's what has to change. If that doesn't, if there's no place to do that, then, then it won't be done. I Agree. Does That make you hesitant to release music? No. Not me. You haven't dropped in 14 years. 14 years. It's been 14, 10, 20, 20 15. 20 fifteens. The next can use My phone. You think I can make you put your phone down? Yeah. 2015. That's 10 years. Oh, the, okay. The 10 Years Bling for the album. You put out an album since 20. Well, well one reason I don't have to is because I am a performance artist and I've been doing that constantly for the last 30 years.


Eight years out. Eight months out of the year, all year round. I do. So that's what I love to do. I only put out albums when I have something to say. Like I have something, yeah. Something pressing to, to say or push out. But I'm, I have more than enough space to get my, my art out on stage. So it's not totally necessary to put out albums for me. Yeah. I would just love to see the, the like the, the vision of God has shown you. 'cause like if you look at your catalog Right. Your catalog literally has predicted where we are now. Yeah. I can only imagine the stuff you creating right now. How far into the future you, you seeing things. Me too.


I mean, I'm writing right now. I got a project coming out soon. A a full album. Yeah. Wow. But I can't tell y'all about it. Ask the question. How soon S be Biden? I just got, I ain't, I just got goosebumps though. How soon? It's gonna be soon. Soon. Like By the end of the year. Soon or next year? Soon. We'll see. It's an important one. It's a collab album. Oh, you want another artist? Someone? Yes. You not gonna say, who are you? You get Andre 3000 to rap again. He's a guy. He's a guy. Just so y'all know. Wow. Do I think he'll rap again? I'd say, is this gonna be the collab album that gets him to rap again? And also you can answer. Do you think he'll rap again? And and why would you say, is this gonna be the collab album?


Because you're assuming that it's him. Yeah. I am. I'm asking. You can assume whatever you want, but I don't know. I don't know. I don't think he has to. He's speaking with, with that instrument. It's the same thing. It amidst the same kind of thing. Yeah. The way he make us feel when with Bombs over Baghdad is the way he makes people who are ready for that feel. It's the same thing. It's his energy. That's true. It's his air. It's his way. I feel it. That's the rap You know to me. He rapping to me. That's true. I can see where y'all are. Twin flames too. Because he was on stage and there was one part of the show where he just started going, making all kind of noises and the crowd was answering him back.


And then he goes, I wasn't saying He presented you with your CFDA fashion icon Award. Yeah. On the way. Did like I know you, you reached out to him to have him present to you and you guys had a conversation He was saying I I did. But well, it was a kind of tricky thing. I actually reached out to Tiana Taylor because I think she's next. Wow. Okay. Yeah. I think she's, I think she has a really good grasp on art and fashion functional art. I'm really impressed and inspired by her. But I asked her, I'd asked Andre before, but he didn't respond. And then they came back and told me after I asked Tiana that Andres said, yes, And I had to figure out how to do both You know Maneuver that.


Yeah. You know. 'cause that meant a lot to her. Oh yes. So I wanna tell her I love you so very much and I'm so happy that we are friends. And I hope that that did not bring a wedge between us in any way. But that's Andre 3000 girl and your Best friend. You gotta talk to people. You gotta talk to people to get to him. No. Oh, you just said they came back. My sister Okay. Told me that. He responded. Got you. Got you. Nah, nah. Well, sometimes You know. Depends. You know how busy he is. Yeah. I, I'll I'll follow proper protocol if I have to. Yeah. As an artist, when did you realize that you didn't give a fuck and you said you're gonna do what you want to do? You're gonna put out what you want to put out. You don't necessarily have to fit in the box of every artist.


You don't have to follow the platform and say this is it. Take or leave it. When did you get to that point In the contract negotiation in 19 97, 95. It was never a fair. No. I mean I was, I didn't have to do it. You know and they didn't have to You know. I figured it was a partnership. And I was doing the record label a favor. I knew who I was. I knew what I was getting ready to do. I had a mission and nothing was going to infiltrate it. Not even my own fear and doubts. And I'm still on mission. Mm. Best work is still in me. And, I have not accomplished whatever that is yet. 'cause there's still this feeling of, of use and greenness and growth. When you look at other artists without saying names, do you see it in them?


Like they're selling themselves out? I know they're different. What made me think about it is You know when j Cole jumped into that beef Mm. And he came back and said, this is not for me. Mm. What his assignment press people ed on him and said this, that and the other. But that was his assignment. And you can't be mad. That's right. His assignment. And even me as a fan was kind of mad. Well, He was on mission, right? He Was on a mission. Yeah. He realized, I understand that sometimes I, I believe that You know, being on mission or your assignment is not always to do something heavenly and great and good. Sometimes it's to create some chaos so that you may shake things up. Fertilizer is put into a pot to disturb the roots. It's poisoning them. So they have to move. You can't really judge it.


You don't know what somebody's mission is. 'cause it, it all counts. Say it's all matter and You don't know what journey God got them on. That's right. Right. I mean you don't, you don't get Malcolm X without Malcolm Little. That's right. You don't get Ery Badu without, I'm trying to think of a street name. You don't get Ery Badu without Butcher Knife. Betty. There you Go. Butcher Knife Betty. That's my new Monica. Everybody All, we got more with Ery Badu. When we come back, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. We all The. Breakfast Club. We're still kicking with Erika Badu. Lauren, Were there points like Bag Lady? I was saying earlier in the room that I remember when Bag Lady for me started hitting differently. And I was listening to it.


And I was like, Ooh, I get it now. When I was younger, I was just listening to it 'cause it was played in my house. And I loved the song. But I, I literally remember that feeling for you. Where there points in your life where you had to be like, Ooh, I get it. Like I feel it Bag Lady. Or like, was this song Yes. Of service for someone else? You mean feeling my own song? Your your feeling. Your Own. Just even before Bag Lady was created. Yeah. Maybe there was a time in your life that You know created or inspired the song. When did you get outta the bag? Lady phase. And what did that feel like for you? I'm trying to say she has a lot of baggage. Recently. A couple of men have told Lauren that, that she needs to heal. Needs heal. We're not doing this for Queen By Couple of men did that to Lauren. They said, I'll spend the block. What you need to heal.


You need to work on yourself. That's so what y'all think about the two guys that said it to her. They right. I think they right. But She on a journey. I told her I was sha she's on a journey. And the two men that you respect, One of them I respect Told you that you need to work on yourself. Yes. As an insult or as encouragement and love. The second one, I think it was an insult and deflecting the first one. I think it's All about the Intention. Yeah. The first one I think it was like, he really cares. Like, that's why when he said it, I was like, okay, I hear you And. I'm in a point in my life now where I can do the accountability like I can. So Does he need to work on himself as well? Yes, He does. Did does he know? Yes, He does. Okay, Cool. Second one. Really? No. Like it's, He really know he gotta work on his self. Oh.


I don't even want nothing to do with that man. Like it's, it's bad. But I ask that because like, I just feel like as I got older and realized how much you do care, especially emotionally sometimes Yeah. It weighs into other things and it closes doors or it cuts off relationships. Or you just miss out on good things. And I'm, every time I listen to that song, I'm like man, how does she know that people was gonna need this? You know I was writing what I felt You know in my heart. And I did hear it later. And I. I talking to myself, my future self. What Was, where were you at at that time in your life when you were talking to your future self? Like what was the transitions you were trying to make? I think I was transitioning out of a relationship where I was not happy about it. Yeah. And realizing that I had to leave some things behind, some parts of me behind.


So it felt like a funeral of sorts because you have a part, you has to die every time you evolve. You gotta leave it back there. You know you want it 'cause it's familiar. And a lot of times we like to resort to the familiar, even if it's toxic. So you have to leave that corpse, that beautiful old you that's be left and you have to walk forward and not look back. That's the hardest part. Not leaving the people, but it's leaving your always. And you, You're also playing Lucille in the Netflix Yes. Movie. The piano lessons. Were you a fan of the play? Absolutely. Okay. I went to HBCU, Grambling State University. I was a theater major. I was a thespian.


So we did a lot of August Wilson material, Lorraine Hansberry, a myriad of, of black artists and playwrights. But we did do that play as well. And Lucille's part is very tiny You know. But the most important role I played was composing music or for the, for the movie. Malcolm Washington, who is Denzel's son, is directing. And he called me and asked if I would put together some music for it. And I called my very good friend Daniel Jones. Got restless soul safe journey. Daniel Jones. He came and put some beautiful pieces together.


1930s And I wrote lyrics over them. Wow. And they're, they'll they're used in the movie, the piano lesson, I mean on Netflix. Denzel was, he was producing the piano lesson, right? Yes. Was he involved? Like was he He he was around. Okay. But he, he stepped back and let his his children work. Yeah. What do you learn from your children now, now that they're grown? Ah, so many things. Like I told you guys, there are definitely improvements on my design. Puma is at a place now at 20 that I was 30 before I was at her level of understanding and emotional intelligence and compassion for people.


Integrity, discipline. Yeah. I was still a, a child kind of 20. I learned a lot from them. And, and they aren't very judgmental. You know, so they just kind go along with whatever I do. We never had rules. It was just do what I say. And they did that. Watched me You know I never hid anything from them. Yeah. They, they turn, they're having their turn at showing me and teaching me patience and severity. Mama, you gotta say what you feel. Feel what you say, daddy. That's Mars. They telling you that That's Jay electronica little girl Mars. Yeah. They, they will, they'll tell me, you can only be so kind now. Da da. And our f favorite saying is a, a alistic saying severity without mercy is cruelty.


Mercy without severity is weakness. So we try to walk that line. You know, kindness isn't only being You know, appearing nice. Kindness is all also telling somebody to, to beat it. That's right. Conti so well you Now I seen the beehive. The beehive chased you a little bit For a little bit. Where's the beehive now? I ain't see still on Twitter. Where I ain't seen the beehive in a long time. And I love peace. They don't know. I like it. Love is And I totem. We ain't seen 'em lately though, have y'all? I see.


No, you Ain't seen They gonna tear me up. Yep. They you gonna see 'em tomorrow. See him tomorrow. I like the tweet when you said, Jay, you gonna let this woman in these bees say something. Jay, you gonna let this woman in these bes do that to me. Say so. I don't know why people think take things so serious. It's just my sense of humor. That's right. Yeah. I love Jay. When you saw the cover though, knowing that there is the inspiration, like, does do, do those inspiration moments, are you feeling like, oh my God, they saw what I was trying to do. They love it. They still doing it. Yeah. Or do you feel like, oh that was mine. Like don't bite it. Ah, I have to be very careful with this because my children are watching me and that generation is watching.


And as much as we love our art, it doesn't belong to us once it goes out in The World. However, though you can't manage what people are going to do with the art. You can't manage whether they're going to duplicate it or do another interpretation of it or just enjoy it or use it as an inspiration. You can't manage that. But you don't have to remain silent about it. You can if if, if it makes you feel a way you should say something about it. My last question, I feel like everything you do is spirit art. Like I said earlier. Is it even possible for you to do any type of art without divine energy being involved? I don't think so. Even if I'm not aware of it. It's al it always involved.


Yeah. Something. There's something. I know what it is. There's something we floating on that's given us life. You know choices of some sort. Yeah. You know. We're born, we're told You know once we're born You know our religion was here already. Our what we supposed to believe in the tribe. The ways, the haunting ways, the what we worship, how we worship, how we learn, how we cook, how we dress as a tribe. And you learn that hopefully you go outside of that once you are of age to explore other things because you wanna see if that is true.


And then now you are an individual human, which creative in spirit. And then you have to learn how to, to, to walk in that humanness, in that spiritualness.


And also you can check out bou world market.com if you want to get all types of things like The fun. Oh, we ordered it. We ordered the Funko though think it Is always sold out on there. Yeah, I know. I've been waiting to even, it makes sense. We, we don't realize how big the, the fan base is. The reach is.


Oh, this is the the figure that you created, right? Yeah. This is The Funko pop. The funko pop video. And this is the call Tyrone video. So then we, I actually reached out to Funko to do this because I thought it was important for my kids to have these. They love fungos. That's dope. And I surprised him one day and said I have a Funko. That's So dope. Like your own Funko. You fuck Yeah. Me. You. Yeah. Will you? This is beautiful. Yeah. That's dope. Well thank you again for joining us. We always appreciate you. I appreciate y'all always supporting me. Thank you. It's Erica Badu. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Thank you. Good morning. Let's get to Jess with the mess with Laura LaRosa News is real.


Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. She don't spare nobody bro. Why? Jess Worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's a coaches with Lauren. Lauren Osa. I'm back. And. I got the mess. Talk to me. So last hour we talked about Kaleena Harper from Dirty Money, And. I did wanna play this one last clip that I didn't get to do last hour because this I felt like was pivotal. We talked about the 56 times that Diddy had called her or the over 50 times and she says she's ready to defend him to the end. So let's take a listen. So they basically deny post bill because he called me.


You called? Yeah. 56 times. So I feel really bad because I feel like He called you. Yeah, but my Called me. I will get in court and stand up for my if I need to because it would be no different if it was you and me. And she's talking to the people in the room and, and to the person that's interviewing her because of the relationship they have. She's saying like, this is bro, he didn't call me that many times. But I don't know even if she got on the stand and said that, what that does, because I was saying this in the room. If I'm an attorney, how do you prove that in them 56 times? He didn't make her say what she's saying right now. And then how do you prove that she would've said it prior to the 56 calls. So I don't even know if, if it like, how that Helps.


I got, what is she defending? She's trying basically. 'cause remember they they made it seem like he was like interrogating witnesses and throwing his power around intimidating Witnesses. Intimidating. Intimidating. I'm gotcha. Fuck. She basically trying to say like, no, that wasn't even it. He just called me 'cause he my bro, like y'all trying to make him out to be this monster. It's not giving that. Yeah. Part of the reason why they denied him on bail. They said because he called her allegedly that many times and was intimidating. So now she's saying that there was no intimidation. That that's the braw allegedly. Yes. 56 times is suspicious. I'm going to tell you guys some gal 51 Would've been like I had 56 times is suspicious. Guys, 56 is a little crazy. I'm not, I'm not a prosecutor here. I'm just saying 56 times is six. Say that one more time. 56 times is su.


I already Said it. All y'all, y'all wanna play a game? It's Halloween. Guess what? Race? Oh, go ahead. Alright. No, not guess what race it is. We know her what race she is. What? Could you stand up real quick? This is for one time, please. What you Wanna see? I wanna see something Him and that One piece. No, I wanna see the letter on his belt. Lemme see. Yeah, I know. I ain't crazy. It is Raphael. It's right. I know everybody's about you. Michelangelo. No, you Rafael. I know Rafael. When I see Raphael. Yeah. And. I got the the things. Yeah. Raphael. Raphael. I know. I don't know what people talking about Danny. That's so stupid. Stupid. Still happy. They confuse me too. That we really being sync because that's the game we're about to play. You gotta guess the costumes or You know. I'll explain. So I'm gonna show you guys a picture. All right. And I'm gonna ask you a question. You gotta answer the question. You guys ready?


Yes. Yes. Put your helmet on so you can channel Okay. Some type of intelligence that you don't have normally. That's right. Charla. Okay. Mask On. Hold on. Lemme put my mask on. Okay. Okay, go ahead. All. So this right here. This. Guess who this is? This is Kha Rock. No, this is, you're close. You're in the the, you're in the market. This is a person in costume. That's Sean. No, it's not Chris Sean. They not Kan Rock for Sean. No, that's Kanun Rock for Christmas. You're in The. World. Y'all are, y'all are like lukewarm. It's somebody from the Zeus network. I can tell by the wig. This is black China's mom. This is Tokyo Tony. So this is a, a girl, her name is Aaliyah Muse on TikTok. She dressed up as Tokyo Tony. And she's gone viral. Now here's the picture to compare it to. Did she nail it?


Did she nail it? Mm. I don't know. I guess. Nah, y'all, she just got on them something red. She did good. Y'all okay, I guess I got hit. See the thing is you're, you're, you're showing us a picture. But what I'm realizing on social media is she's probably saying something that Tokyo, Tony has said Yes, but you but that's actually part of the costume as well. No, I think maybe you should take that mask off. I thought it was gonna give you some intelligence superpowers. But you can look at this photo With the team because she got the gap in tv. This was giving Tokyo, Tony, yes or no? A little Bit. A little bit. We move on. I guarantee what she's saying. Move on and giving more Tokyo Tony than the outfit. We gonna move on. What's next? Okay, so you guys are gonna know what this costume is. The Joker. The Joker, of course. Disrespect. What, what celebrity is this under this costume? I don't know.


I don't know. They costume. My girl did a good job. Shout out to Sweetie for nailing her joker costume. You wouldn't even have known Right? Drop Her bomb for Sweetie. Yeah. She would've not have known. Right? That was a good one, sweetie. Last person. We saw her dress up like the Joker. Didn't have a good year after that. Oh, Talk about Puffy y'all. All right, now this is my girl Sierra, who is Sierra dressed up as Gorilla. Gorilla. Yes. This is when Gorilla sat down with us. Speedy You know how I know that. For what? I saw the video yesterday. And I heard her talking. Yeah. It's not 'cause she looks like Gorilla. Kind of look like rock. Don't timeline. Don't look like rock. A little bit. No glow. And the reason I know that is because I saw the video yesterday.


And I heard her talking because I wouldn't, yeah, I wouldn't have. If I let her talk, you would've knew off the road. I wouldn't have known. Now some other ones that are just You know. Just, okay, lemme see. Just Dimensions. Coil Leray dressed up as Halle Berry from Catwoman. We have Lizzo. Lemme see. Telling people her face card never declines. Okay. She's a fixed card. Oh, she was American. You Got I knew that y'all were, y'all needed a moment to let that process. I'm not yo, by the way, dropping a box for Lizzo. Lizzo, you done lost Mad Weight. She looks amazing. She, Yeah. Linzel looks so Good. How? How much Liz un lost. I can look that up for you. But I know she lost a lot. 2, 2 50. Congratulations Lizzo. Wow. All right. Now what we have Halle Bailey, who is dressed up as Halle Berry from Dying of the Day.


She looks good. Now, people were also saying too that this could've, I, who was the second person they were saying this could have been, that looks like Halle. No, no, no, no, no. I'll come back and let y'all know. But yeah. So this is another tribute to Harry. That's a cheat code though. Because people be like, you look like Halle, but it's just Halle You. know what I'm Saying? Halle? Looking like Halle. Looks like Halle. Yeah. And now my girl Hallah, she did Berry from the Flintstones. Oh, Holly getting her flowers this year Is she always gets a lot of them. But I mean it's every single Year. Not like this. I mean Mo, most of the time people do Cat Catwoman. Yep. Catwoman. Yep. This is the first time I've seen them do the Flintstones in the die of the day. Yes. And. I. So I just wanted to do the costumes. You know I To listen. I know y'all should have been to Crackhead.


Y'all should have been when Holly Berry played the Crackhead and Monster Ball. No Jungle Fever. Was it Jungle Fever, monster Ball? No. Who was Holly played the crackhead and one of the Spike Lee movies. Look it up for me. I think it was Jungle Fever. It was Monster Ball, right? No, she wanted to know Crackhead and Monster Ball. It was Jungle Fever. Jing Fever. Yeah. Oh, Okay. Well yeah, costumes. 'cause we're all in here in costume. Well I'm, yes. You're in costume. In Costume. I'm giving Radio Barbie. You guys are like you you not Radio Barbie. I tell you, gimme Delaware. Dood. But Delaware Doodle. But whoever You're now who working the close down Pepsi factory. There used to be a Pepsi plant in Delaware with a closed down. Yo, All the corporations are based in Delaware. Yo. Okay. That because of the taxes. Now really quick little Dirk. So I know it seems like after the whole little Dirk, him being detained and taken into custody, it just got really, really quiet after that.


Like we didn't hear anything. Correct. So there has been an update. So TMZ released a story that little Dirk right now is planning to plead not guilty. So there's no actual word yet of when he'll actually be taken to California to face the charges. Officially the charges are murder for hire for the background. For anyone who didn't know he's being charged of being the funding person that paid for some of his OTF members to take to kill or try and kill. Allegedly Wando Rondo. But he is planning Plead not guilty. They say he's in great spirits. The only issue he has right now is that he hates the food and the facility that he is in. Which is the, he's in a detention center in Miami. So, alright, Dirk is holding up. Just a little update there.


Okay, well that is just what the mess with Laura Laro when you putting your costume on. My costume will happen after we wrap the show and the pictures will be posted to Instagram and Twitter because you need to stage it to understand it. Okay. Okay. I don't even care no more. You can you fix your mask. You you're No, no, no. It's to the side. No, don't let 'em fix it. Just let him be over there just


looking. Hi, I am Marie and I'm Sydnee and we're mess. Well not a mess, but on our podcast called Mess. We celebrate all things messy. But the gag is not everything is a mess. Sometimes it's just living. Yeah. Things like J-Lo on her third. Divorce Living Girls Trip to Miami. Mess, mess. Ozempic. Skinny, skinny Living restaurants stealing a birthday cake mess. Wait, what flavor was the cake though? Okay, that's a good question. Hooking up with someone in accounting and then getting a promotion. Living. Living, breaking up with your girlfriend while on Instagram. Live, living, living. Mm. It's kind of mess. Yeah. Well you get it. Got it. Live Love mess. New episodes available on November 7th. Listen to Mess with Sydnee Washington and Marie Foton on Will Ferrell's Big Money Players Network starting November 7th on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Julie Edelman. I'm Rob Gronkowski. Guess what folks? We're teammates again and we're gonna welcome you guys all to Dudes on. Dudes. I'm a dude. You're a dude. And dudes on Dudes is our brand new show. We're gonna highlight players, peers, guys that we played against, legends from the past. And we're just gonna sit here and talk about 'em and we'll get into the types of dudes. What kind of types of dudes are there? Drunks. We got studs, wizards, we got Freaks. Or dudes. Dude, we got dogs dog. We'll break down their games. We'll share some insider stories and determine what kind of dude each of these dudes are. Is Randy Moss a stud or a freak? Is Tom Brady a dog or a dude's? Dude, we're Gonna find out. Jules new episodes drop every Thursday during the NFL season. Listen to dudes on, dudes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


It's sad that everybody think you in costume, Lauren and you're not. You think it's the wig? Think it's the wig. Whatcha giving your doggy too, man? Four, after the hour, we need a young man named Khali to come to the, what's his name? That last name, but I think it's Khali Williams. I can't So worried about my Wig. You don't know that name? I can't scroll right now 'cause I got all my claws and gloves. But he needs to come to the congregation because election day is Tuesday and people should be able to vote in peace. We will discuss. Alright, we'll get to that next call. Bunker. Dude, Charlotte, you a part of my costume too, so I'm gonna need you. No, that sure. That's The. Breakfast. Club. I gotta rat. Two fold. The Breakfast Club your mornings zone. Never be the same. Make sure you tell him to watch out for Florida man. Florida man, the craziest people in America come from the Bronx in all of four.


Yes, you are a donkey. A Florida man attacked an ATM for a very strange reason. It gave him too much money. Florida man is arrested after deputies say he riggs the door to his home. In an attempt to electrocute his pregnant whites. Police arrested an Orlando man for attacking a flamingo. Put The, Breakfast, Club, bitchy donkey other day with charm. Hane to God. I don't know why y'all keep letting him get y'all like this. All right. Can't hear nothing. I don't have my, I have, I don't have my headphones on. Donkey today for Thursday. October 31st. Oh, I can't do it like this. God dammit. I'm trying. Y'all try. Hold on one second. Hold on. I'm turn this up. Okay, donkey. Today for Thursday, October 31st go to an 18-year-old named Khali, James Williams.


Now election day is this Tuesday, November 5th. I hope everyone is registered to vote. And sadly, for months on this radio, I've been forecasting what we all know is gonna happen on Tuesday. And what's gonna happen? It's simply the bs. Okay, look, man, America has never been perfect, but I can honestly say in the 46 years I've been alive, I can remember a time when we were better than this. I remember there was a time when I thought racism and white supremacy would die out simply because I thought all a racist and white supremacists would die out. But nope. Racism and white supremacy are learned behaviors. And sadly they are behaviors that can be passed down. See, according to Neptune Beach, police Chief Michael Key, Jr. Khali and seven male juveniles went to a parking lot at a really busy early voting site in Duval County Tuesday afternoon with the intent to protest and antagonize the opposing political side.


Guess what side he was on? That's right. He was waving Trump flags and they approached a group of people waving signs in support of Kamala Harris. And Khale escalated the situation to the point that that little 18-year-old boy pulled out a machete and held it over his head to threaten two women ages 71 and 54, who called the police out of fear for their life. You think I can't make this kind of stuff up. Let's go to a b, C news. Oh no, that's not it. Hold on. God damnit, I can't. Let Me swear that while you took it off. I need to get on. I'm under my Weed. No I'm not. You can't scratch your weed. Go to CBS News Jacksonville for the report Please. We now have video that appears to show the 18-year-old accused of threatening people with a machete at a Neptune Beach polling place. We blurred every face other than Caleb Williams because the others are underage.


Someone who claimed to be one of the teens there sent us this video. They said Williams was using the machete to hold up a Trump flag and was not threatening anyone. Police say he raised the machete of two people, including a 65-year-old woman and was there to antagonize others. As we get more details on this investigation, we will bring them America. Cut it out. Okay, everybody cut it out. All right, Steve, if you have to do all that for your candidate to win and maybe just, maybe your candidate isn't as strong as you think they are, okay? Who you vote for should be about character and policy. So if you are a person who has such bad character that you would pull out a machete on the bunch of old women to try to intimidate them from voting, what does that say about you and the person you are voting for?


Okay, Khali, do you understand? You could have got shot and killed in Florida. They have a stand your ground law in Florida, pulling a machete on someone is a complete threat. Okay? One of them women are, are, are one of those older guys could have pulled out a pistol and sent you straight to the graveyard. One of our great black philosophers gorilla done told y'all she just drove by the cemetery and there's plenty room for holes. Therefore, I know it's plenty room for young, dumb, misguided potential future white supremacists. Listen, seriously, we don't need this now and we don't need this on election day, okay? Whoever wins Tuesday have to be a president for all Americans. And we should elect the president that our elected person that wants to be a president for all Americans, okay? You shouldn't be willing to go to jail for any elected official, and you're damn sure shouldn't be willing to die for any elected official because they not dying for you.


Okay? They not going to jail for you. I don't care what Donald Trump tells you. He didn't go to jail for you. He went to jail because he was allegedly committing crimes. Some of the crimes he's already been convicted of. Okay? He attempted court in his country he's been charged with, but we saw it with our own eyes. My point is, he's not going to jail for you. He went to jail because he did some things wrong. And you khali are a reflection of what's wrong with Donald Trump. And. I feel bad that your young impressionable 18-year-old mind has been corrupted the way it has. Okay? Voting is not our only, right? It is our power. Okay? We all need to use it wisely, respectfully, but most of all, peacefully. I saw something happen in the beautiful town of Orangeburg, South Carolina, dropping the police bombs for Orangeburg.


Somebody sent me a video last night. A guy came in wearing a let's go Brandon hat. And the sister's working the pole, not stripping. I'm talking. Oh, 'cause you confused me for a second. I know he put the S You. Know why You know You know it's hard for him. Sorry, I'm talking in voter polls. All right. Okay. The sisters working the poll told him he couldn't vote with that hat on. All right. My fellow Americans, I don't know if You know, but almost half of all US states prohibit anyone from wearing campaign apparel are buttons within a certain distance of a polling location. This applies to people working for campaigns and organizations as well as voters heading in there to cast their ballots. This man came in there wearing the Let's go Brandon hat. It led to a kerfuffle, a little skirmish between this one man and a woman. All because these women were doing their job and he got mad at them for doing their job.


I hate, okay, I hate, I hate, I hate it because I know where this could lead in the south. Everyone got guns. And I'm gonna tell you right now, you going look really dumb making a permanent decision based off a temporary situation. When it comes to this voting thing, imagine doing something at a voting location that causes you to go to prison longer than the president is gonna be in office or causes you to die longer than the president gonna be in office. 'cause the president only gonna be there for four years. You gonna be dead forever. Now, I'm one of those people who feel like if Trump wins, he's not leaving until he dies. But let's act like this is a normal election. You get sentenced to over four years and the person only serves four years. You really wanna be in prison longer than the person you wilding out for is in office. Huh? All this won't even matter four years from now.


Listen, all I want you all to remember on Tuesday is voting is the cornerstone of democracy a right that deserves respect, safety, and peace. When we vote in peace, we honor our freedoms and protect the voices of our communities. All I'm trying to say in the words of push your T when it comes to presidential candidates, damn people ain't dying for you, so don't get killed for them, okay? Please give Khali James Williams the biggest hee-haw. And I misspoke. Four years from now, who you vote for? Tuesday will matter. Okay, I just wanna put that out there. It will. Alright, well thank you for that donkey today.


Yes. Now when we come back, I need help because of these pause or whatever turtles, call 'em. I can't go on my phone. I thought you, you was pausing And, I thought you said you need help going to pee. I did Need somebody to, I did need help. Somebody had to unzip me to go. You Need to pause. Both of y'all Left here at the same time. Did you help em? I Don't think turtles had pa When you gonna put your costume, when you gonna put your other costume on? Because right now you dressed like the little grandma that like to workout. She's 72 years old and she's still workout. Yes. So you got your workout outfit on and your workout wig. You walk around the mall, but you just finished working out, but you about to go run out for cigarettes and, And no, I'm not gonna go run out. Well, I am gonna go run out, but I'm gonna tell my grandkid go get my Pepsi from the corner store too. That's what it's giving. Yeah. Oh, you do look like the grandma just finished working out you that you just walked around the mall.


The The recovering attic. Grandma too. She's pretty now. I ain. She's pretty now. Okay. And you got the cigarette voice. Say something. Hey, go get my cigarette. Get my cigarette. I just finished working out you number 10 minutes on the elliptical to keep your heart racing heart going. I'd be like menthol, But blame my numbers too. You Need help with Right, right. Play my numbers is so yeah, Definitely play your numbers. Yes. Yes. So on brand, yes. I'm so, that's not the costume though. I can't wait now. I, I cannot wait. Take $5 off the top Drawer to the costume with you. I don't wanna hear about this costume. You putting too much sauce on it. Time coming. It's not gonna, it's not gonna meet expectations. Okay, cool. All well let's talk about your friend. Oh, My homie friend, She got a friend.


You all in my business. He think we talking about a man Definitely knew was talk about A man, not talking about no man. So I got a homegirl and okay, so my homegirl and her guy got into it. And, I. I wouldn't even say got into it, but she brought it to the group chat because she loves Deter. Yeah, because basically, what the Hell is deterred upset? That's Deed. That's how you don't act like you wouldn't say like that. You know. You can't hit the as. I've never heard de disturbed before. Disturbed. I've heard perturbed, perturbed, Perturbed. All right, whatever. And, I. And y'all went to college. Both of y'all. I, We moving on. So, okay. Anyway, so she was, she's a little bit upset because, so her boo they recently made it official where You know it's just them. They're exclusive and a girl dmd them and was basically trying to get with 'em and trying to holler, holler like, like it was going down in a dm.


For real, for real. And he responded and was like, nah, I'm cool. I got a girl. So he showed her the DM basically saying like, Hey, You know, just wanna let You know that this happened. And she's like, well, why did you respond? Like no response is a response responding. Like if she can respond to you, she can get, she can get you. So why would you even respond? So she brought it to the chat like, yo, am I wrong for telling him You shouldn't have responded because if it was, No, I think she's right. I respected what your homegirl said. Like, you should not only should you ignore the woman, you should block her like immediately. If you shouldn't even have to tell her that you got a girl, just, just block Her. But it shouldn't have been, see, I, I don't think it should have been an issue. Said it was an issue because if he's, if he You know turned it down and showed this girl, he was showing this girl like, look, this is what's happening.


I'm gonna block her now. I think it should just come be a conversation. The Only reason I have an issue with this is because with guys, right? Like if, if somebody hit me up, And I responded, be like, no, I'm good. The first thing the guy is gonna say to me is love. If he can respond to you, he can get you. Oh, You know what? Don't worry about what's going on. Reading my, my dm. You Got I didn't say that. Oh. Oh, I know you didn't say that. No, I Said you don't have that luxury. Oh, I Don't, I don't. Well let's open up the phone lines. Eight hundred five eight five my everything. One. You gonna be mad. Would You rather your partner ignore advances or respond and shut it down? Ignore 805 8. She kept trying five one. Let's talk about it. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning The Breakfast Club Daddy calling phone man.


It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. Now if you're just joining us, J Lauren is talking about her home Girl. Yes, my home girl. Who is she better? She's she's upset in the chat. She's just trying to figure out what she wrong or what she right for getting upset. So her boo had somebody DM him and the DM got all sorts of types of crazy. Like the girl was coming for him, she was trying to take him down and he responded and was like, nah, I got a girl. Like I'm cool.


Which caused her to respond more and try more because you opened up the line of communication. Right? So my home girl got upset and she You know, she's asking us like, yo, am I wrong for being upset? 'cause he's making it like I'm wrong for being upset. I think she is wrong for being upset. Why? And I'm gonna tell you why. If she feels that way, and obviously he wasn't trying to high at it 'cause he showed this girl. Just have a conversation. Be like, yo, I I think it was disrespectful. Just block the girl so we don't have to deal with it again. There should be no up upsetness. We having a conversation, we're grown. Right. That's how a relationship should work. Correct. But I feel like when you get in a relationship, it should be to a point where you don't have to show me stuff like that. Like I trust that. But He's showing you stuff because he respects you. But why? No, I gotta let You know that these ho still on me. Okay. I gotta, I I gotta let You know that I still got it and you ain't the only one out here that want me.


You hear me? If you my man, what, what Accent was that? I don't Know. I don't know. That was like, he get, I don't know if you my man, I know you attractive. I know women are attracted to you and wanna talk to you. That's why I'm attracted to you because you're attractive. You don't have to prove that to me. So why would you, there's no reason for you to Show me. It's not, it's not proven. Just still want you. I still want want want you to know You Know what I'm saying? But I, you should know any person in a relationship should know that if your person leaves you, they can go find somebody else. Like that's not, that's that's rocket science. No, I just, I don't think there's nothing wrong with receipts, just letting people know. But I do think your girl is absolutely right. I don't know how, I don't know what level of upset she should be. Correct. But I will say that if you are in a relationship, whether you married, whether you in a, in a committed, serious relationship, if somebody dms, you block 'em.


Yes. Like You know, don't even, there ain't no response like, yo I'm married. Like they, because nine times outta 10, they already know that they just being disrespectful and they trying your stupid ass well to see if there's any interest whatsoever. Don't even spy don't even reply. You ever heard the statement? I'm not even gonna dignify that with a response. Yes. That's how it should be. However, I will say this is a new relationship. It's a new situation. So maybe the the girl doesn't know, but I still think you didn't have to respond. Hello? Who's this? This is Joe Black from New Haven right up the street. Joe Black from New Haven. You ain't gotta yell, but it says that this happened to you recently. Yes. Very similar situation. I had an advance for my long time girl.


We've been, we've been together for like 11 years now. I call her, my wife and You know somebody hit the dm. And I showed her. I was like, look, this going on. Very much a similar situation. And and she had a problem with me. But Did You respond though? Did I, did you block her? Respond. Did you respond to the girl? What'd you do? I I shut it down. I shut it. You responded to the girl As a response? I did. What made you feel like you had to respond? Is this somebody like y'all? Is it like a friend of the, of your girlfriend's or like why did you have to respond? Nah, it was just somebody from back in the day. I don't even remember exactly how it went down, but it was a, it was a situation like that. And I listened to daily And.


I had an issue just very like a couple months ago. I can't even understand. Is this my mask or is this his phone? Phone? Not the phone. Sorry about the mask. Hello. Who's this? This Is Joani. Hey Johnny, talk to us. What's your thoughts? So I would be good with, with my husband responding to the message, as long as he is saying something like he's happily married and if he shows it to me, then You know That shows that he is promote the trust in our relationship. But I kind of see both sides because I mean, You know you want him to ignore the female altogether, but in the event that he does respond, then I would like to know how he responded.


Yeah, I don't think there's any reason to respond. 'cause here, here's the thing, when a person responds, it's kind of like letting, it's kind of like saying, look, I got a man, or I got a woman. Say, now you got a man. But that's right. It's like a but almost. It's like, but Don play with, but, but in case we do break up, I'm still here. Exactly. Don't even respond. Right. Like, don't show this person no interest whatsoever. Don't dignify them trying to holler at you with a response, period. I'm with you. I I, I would show my girl and then I would block it. I would block it, but I would show my girl I wouldn't respond. And the, and the main reason I wouldn't respond is because people would be playing with them. dms and them texts and they could change things to look any which way. Nah, Exactly.


Nope. Not responding. And, I blocking You. And what that woman said just now, when she talked about the person who the guy I was talking to was somebody he used to choose to deal with back in the day, them be the main people. It'd be a person and you 40 something years old now, what's his name? And they acting like it happened yesterday. What's his name? You. know what I'm saying? But by the way, and You know what I, You coming to you clean right now. Lauren And I really want you to understand this, Lauren. 'cause I've had this talk with all, all my other nieces. When you are a person who starts to grow and people start to know you and know who you are, all the body's coming back, baby, all the body, all, I don't care if it was a body that happened 15, 17 years ago.


Oh, you lo I I hit Lauren LaRosa. Mind you, you was 17. Okay. But they gonna be out here bragging on it, I'm telling you. So be careful about that things Aren. That that helmet is ma the healing is working. I'm Just letting You know. I'm looking. Can you say I'm serious with the helmet though. This the way he holding his teeth. He got his hand, His tea. Like, Girl, lemme tell you something. Okay. 801 thing. No men going do. 805. That's right. 5 1 0 5. One of you just joining us, tell us what happened with your friend. So my home girl, her and her new boyfriend, her boot got into it because a girl DMed him. He responded back to say like, nah, I'm cool, I got a girlfriend. And then he showed her the DM and she was upset about it.


She was like, you shouldn't even have responded. So she wanted to know from us like, yo, am I doing too much? Like, am I okay for being upset? 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What's your thoughts at The? Breakfast Club, good morning. Made it. If y'all talking about it, You know we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne tha God. We are The. Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. If you're just joining us. Jess, what happened with one of your friends? Lauren? What happened with one of your friends? That's okay, Lauren. Okay, so one of my homegirls, her and her boo got into it because new relationship, And I You know he got a DM from a girl and the girl was trying to get crazy with him.


She was trying to take him down and he responded and was like, no, I got a girlfriend. So she was like, well why did you even respond? Like you, you didn't even need to respond. So she got upset and he's like, yo, why you tripping? So she asking in the chat like, y'all, am I wrong for being upset about the fact that he even responded because why did you have to respond? I'm gonna tell you something else too. Another reason people do that, A guy or a girl will be like, nah, I got a man, or Nah, I got a woman. They wanna see if the person gonna keep going. They wanna see. I'm telling you they wanna see That too. But I doubt that because he told his girl what was going on. But see, the bad thing is, is is how mad she got. Because if she overreacted and got too mad, he probably will never tell her anything again. Right. Because they have a relationship, which is a great relationship where he feels comfortable telling his bay, his girl, his homie, his friend, anything that's going on in the relationship.


Now if she gets too mad, he's gonna be like, whoa, whoa, whoa. I wasn't trying to holler at him. She's not mad that he told she's mad that he was, that He responded. And the thing is too, is like after that, after he responded like, nah, I'm cool. The girl kept going like, 'cause now you here. Like, so now she hit me like, oh you got girlfriend? Oh that's cute what your little girlfriend do. So, And she, and, and all she gotta be is like, I don't care what your, what your little girlfriend gotta do with me and my mouth. People, People be wanting people in relationships. That'd be a thing. Yeah. Hello? Who's this? Hi, is this Shawnee? Hey Shawnee. Good morning. What you think Shawnee? I think it's very respectful and inclusive that he, that he told her. I feel like he also set a tone for what he wants for his relationship. The fact that he told her, it's telling her that You know we're gonna share this information.


We're not gonna keep anything private. See And I personally feel like she should appreciate stuff or any person should appreciate stuff like that. Their person is come to them and let them know everything's on the table. And that's probably what he wants. So he's setting the tone for their And I think she should appreciate it and understand that. I mean this, this world of social media is just too much in your relationship. How do you want things to be handled? Do you want things to be hidden? He doesn't have to tell her, do you want to be hidden? Do you want, and he also responds to the woman very respectfully. So I, I personally would Appreciate it. See, that's what I was saying. He told his girl because he, he probably don't care. He was like, I'm telling her because that's my friend and if she, I don't know how she reacted, but if she overreacted, he's gonna be like, I ain't telling you nothing again.


Exactly. Well I'm telling you, a lot of times people do that for ego. They, they replied to the person and say, I got a man or I got a woman. 'cause they want to see how bad this person really wants to get with them. So if the person keeps going, it's a ego booth. Hello, who's This? What up? This is Ron from Houston. Ron from Houston. Talk to us. What your, what's your thoughts? Hey man, I think oh girl, kinda wrong. The reason I say that is because oh Buddy was transparent and he shut, he shut it down and he couldn't hit it. And another reason I say that is because, just 'cause you don't answer somebody, people be persistent these days because you don't answer somebody that don't mean it. They not going to keep missing you.


I've been on both sides of their boat. You get what I'm saying? So I feel like, oh, but it was right because he could have just lied about it or, or he could have responded and hid it. But he was transparent. Alright, thank you Jeff. He's the transparent. He said he the transparent Hello. He was just throwing labels on people now trying to be correct. Hello, transparent, translucent. What's your thoughts mama? So I feel the way I feel. Well sorry. Good morning. Good Morning. The way I feel I wouldn't want him to even open, open, excuse me, the message or DM to even have females to know that he's acknowledging 'em.


Really? So And I feel like that. That's how I am. So I don't want guys to know that I'm acknowledging 'em by opening the message and even like seeing that I've seen it or You know Reddit or anything. So I don't even want him to have females to have that. Keep acknowledging the, Okay, thank you mama. I think that's what it is. It's And I promise. Y'all like, vice versa. Like with guys, they be, you can't respond like you can't acknowledge it at all because they feel like the acknowledgement makes another man feel like, okay, I could get her exactly. Like there's literally memes that'd be like, if, if she responds she's yours. Exactly. Alright, don't even reply. Like if, like if a person trying to holler at you and you in a committed relationship or you got a wife or you got a husband, don't even dignify them with a response.


I agree that if you reply You know. What'd you say this now about Deme. If she responds she's yours. I don't know about it is yours, but she Documentary. But that's what, that's the sentiment. Yeah. Alright, well Granny, we got Justin the mess with Laura rest coming Up. Greta? I said granny. Oh granny, he Didn't call me Js He didn't call Gta. Greta's a granny Name. Yo. Gre. No, Greta, but Greta not the fly granny. You gotta do a better, you do. I'm telling you, It's like Rhonda don't fly. Granny Bertha is not a fly granny either. Bertha's like a Tyler Perry Florence, you, you, you running out to go pick the kids. The grandkid up real quick. Florence is giving Fair Foster. First of all, y'all better get fair her her just do y'all acting like fair is like a, a aged woman is high girl. That is the we name our units, the girl's name their units.


Come on Nana. Okay. Nana. Nana. Okay. So, wow. Yes. So we do have Jess with the mess coming up. We are gonna talk about Dread Michelle 'cause she's denying that she got dragged by her vagina and her collarbone and we gotta get into it. What, What happened? Now We'll do that when we come back. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Bombs for Deacon Glory. Rilla. Just because We was in here taking shots. 'cause it's Halloween. No, You was in here taking shots. That's you y'all. That's you Taking shots? Y'all Are no fun man. No, We just not alcoholics. Yeah, you would take shots. Morning everybody, we are The, Breakfast, Club. Happy Halloween to everybody out there. Make sure you have fun with your kids today too.


Dress up. Yes, take 'em trick or treat and make sure you keep an eye on all the candy. If, if your area is not as safe and you don't wanna be out in the streets, go to the mall. The malls always have You. know the stores usually give out candy. So just take your kids have have fun with your kids today. All right? All right. Now let's get to just with the Mess with Lauren LaRosa News is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don she don't nobody. Why? Just world mess on The. Breakfast Club. The coaches. Who? Lauren. Lauren back. And. I got the mess. Talk. Talk to me. All right y'all.


So Drea Michelle is denying and fighting back against being that Laura Govan saying that she dragged Drea by her vagina and her collarbone. Jesus. Excuse Me. So listen, I'm gonna break it down for y'all. How you do that? I don't know. Listen. So Laura Govan was sitting down with Carlos King. You guys know he has this show that he does where he does the one-on-one exclusive interviews. Yep. Shout out to Carlos Kings. To Carlos. Yes. So in this interview, Laura started talking about when she found out that Drea was involved with Gilbert Arenas. Let's take a listen. Drea was brought on basketball wives as a friend. If I'm not mistaken to my


Hi, I am Marie and I'm sydnee and we're Mess, Well not a mess, but on our podcast called Mess. We celebrate all things messy. But the gag is not everything is a mess. Sometimes it's just living. Yeah. Things like J-Lo on her third, divorce Living Girls Trip to Miami. Mess, mess. Ozempic, messy, skinny living restaurants stealing a birthday cake mess. Wait, what flavor was the cake though? Okay, that's a good question. Hooking up with someone in accounting and then getting a promotion. Living. Living, breaking up with your girlfriend while on Instagram Live living it's kind of mess. Yeah, well you get it. Got it. Live Love mess. New episodes available on November 7th. Listen to Mess with Sydnee Washington and Marie Foton on Will Ferrell's Big Money Players Network starting November 7th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Julie Delman. I'm Rob Gronkowski. Guess what folks? We're teammates again and we're gonna welcome you guys all to Dudes on. Dudes. I'm a dude, you're a dude. And dudes on Dudes is our brand new show. We're gonna highlight players, peers, guys that we played against, legends from the past. And we're just gonna sit here and talk about 'em and we'll get into the types of dudes. What kind of types of dudes are there? Gros, We got Studs, wizards, we got Freaks or Dudes. Dude, we got Dogs Dog. We'll break down their games. We'll share some insider stories and determine what kind of dude each of these dudes are. Is Randy Moss a stud or a freak? Is Tom Brady a dog or a dude's? Dude, We're gonna find out. Jules new episodes drop every Thursday during the NFL season. Listen to dudes on, dudes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts


Sister. And guess what? I liked her because I was like, oh shit, I like this chick. Like she's How cool. She's funny. I had no idea that she was there being Gilbert's jump off. So then when I found out it was when I was going through some papers at the house, And I saw that he had given her $25,000 and brought her to La And I. Remember going to where she was filming here in Hollywood, down the street. I remember showing up And I was not supposed to be filming And I walked past everybody. And I beat to her and it did not air. I picked her up by her, her collarbone and threw her and then I spit on her. Mm Jesus. Yeah. This is why you gotta love black people.


Now she know damn well she didn't pick that girl up by her ppo, but that's how you tell the story. You know black people. We though we put so much sauce on everything. That's amazing story though. Picking a woman up by the P PPO and slamming her as a fatality movie with she Mortal Kombat. If Trump was a hidden character, he talking about and then you spit after Jesus. So for context, there had been this rumor for some time that Drea was involved with Gilbert Arenas and there was like a a one time Gilbert and Nick Young had actually went on Instagram live and they were having a conversation about something that happened in the back of a car. Now mind you, Laura Govan says in this interview that Gilbert came out and told her like, yeah, I was involved with a girl from Philly. There was things that happened and like a car, like she kind, he kind of tells her about it but doesn't say who it is from what she tells us.


And that's what she's saying has made her so, so upset. 'cause like she feels like Drea. Then you got on the show and became my friend knowing you was doing whatever with You. know what I mean? My situation. Now take a listen to Nick Young and Gilbert Arenas That day when I was riding home with Philly in the car. Yeah, I don't know if I can tell that story if you want me to tell that story. Nah, nah. She's a mother now. She's a mother now. Yeah. We can't do that. That day changed my life. That's when SW P was like, okay, now I got, this is what NBA is about. I'm riding in a car. He in the back seat I turned my head against. Huh? Nah, what was you doing in that back seat? You, huh? What was she doing in that backseat? Who went to Club?


He said, huh? My grandma said, if you can hun you can hear Why they figure that was Dre in though. Well, I, okay, so well, Laura, Laura said that she was told that it was Drea and that's what she, that's when she was, when she was told she was, it was Drea. She got upset. She went to the the studio and she alleges that she grabbed her by the vagina drug. Her dragged her by the vagina in the collarbone. Why all these Grown people talking about this again now? Like, because Laura did the sit down with Carlos King and he brought up the time of like, just, just the rumors of them dealing with each other in a fight. Oh, fight You got you. Okay. And she rehash it and just confirmed certain things. Now Drea, so The fight was on camera, so it was while they were taping housewives. Now listen, so Laura is saying that the fight was on camera, but it never aired. Now listen to Drea. Drea spoke out about this. She said, I didn't mess with anyone's husband. Let's be clear that no one was married.


Let's also be clear that the interactions I had with him were years before I was on the show. I didn't know her then. I also did not know her when I agreed to be on the show or her sister. I didn't even know either of them were going to be on the show. So to say the word friend is a huge stretch. She's saying that she came on as a friend of the sister, didn't know either one of them for real. But even if she, even if they had told her like, oh, this is Laura. She still wouldn't have known who she was. She, Drea continues to say, to be honest, during my time on the show, it was the highest ratings that it had ever received. Many of y'all won't admit it, but I brought comedic relief in a breath and a breath of fresh air. And most importantly, relatability to the normal girl who watched the show. They're talking about basketball wise. For anyone who doesn't know, I'm almost to the end. But I will say my storyline carried the show.


And she said, carried, carried, carried three times Had there had been something involving me, trust and believe it would've been put on air for further enjoyment of the people that watch Trash tv. Again, I don't get on this internet and bash anybody. I certainly don't blame any woman in any situation where I, I am owed some sort of respect from any man. But I don't get on this internet and tell my side of the story often because I respect the fact that it's not only my side. I give a lot of people grace by being quiet and not sharing. So basically what Drea is saying, I didn't even know homegirl at the time I was dealing with him. I didn't know who she was when I came onto to the show. So I wouldn't have been able to even connect the two. We weren't real friends. I was paid to come on this show and act like a friend. And I mind my business. So why y'all coming from me and you saying that all this was filmed?


Drea says I was carrying the ratings. Why? They didn't narrat it, it would've made great tv. Why didn't they air it? So You demand to see it. You wanna see it right now? Oh my God, Dre is better than me. And. I'm gonna tell you why. Because If you was jacked by your vagina, what happened? No, No, no. Her baby daddy. Her baby daddy, her boyfriend just signed the deal for three years for $105 million. You think I would respond to y'all? And? I will say this. Drea, yes I do. Envy. I absolutely know you would've. You Right? Ain't watching. Should've been like Jack. It would've been on one on one camera right here from Jack by Vagina. Exactly. It Cut Out. What do you mean? But I will say this, Drea has done a really good job of being quiet even when they be getting on her by Her getting $5 million.


You talking about her, her, her new. It's not her money. Her new baby's father, we don't even know. They go together. We don't even know that confirmed. She hasn't even confirmed that we still, we be seeing stuff, we be seeing like whatever, but they don't say anything. She's done a really good job of learning. What would Beyonce do since her wholeness has been deleted And y'all remember Drea said, and when she said that she changed everything, she stepped away. She's been doing a good job. But I think she addressed this because it's the whole, I was married and you pretended to be my friend. That's not a good look. Well, dropping the clues bomb for Gilbert Arenas, okay? He was out here tricking you hear me? It ain't tricking if if if she's worth it, if You tricking or you treating And it ain't tricking if you got it, 25 grand Ain't nothing stuff. Gilbert Arenas made a lot of money. Shout 20 5K on a easy little cash app here babe. Take this. I told you that one time I was in the club with Gal Gilbert Arena and he bought so many bottles.


He must've bought a about 500 bottles. What you do, girl? I ain't talking about the bottles. I know. He was like, oh my God. The ballers. The ballers. This baller alert. Baller alert. There was so many bottles. You know what He did. Gimme a couple bottles. Dj Forget y'all. The ball in the, can you, can you ask Gilbert, can we get a hookah You know what It Was just before. Hook you buying Hookah two, Gil. That's right. Nobody called him Gil. Gil, you buying Hookah two? Forget y'all. Forget y'all. That was champagne. The you remember, don't you? Hmm? What kind? Champagne. Wet and Drink. The Ace of Spins Rose wasn't, This was before Ace Spin. It was Fall. Oh, crystal was back in them days. She Back In them days. I wanna ball Gil with Arena.


He tricked on Envy and Dre. Okay. He Love a light skin. Oh my. He Love a good light. Dre bad I Don Dunno About Envy though. Red Bone Bad though. You don't forget y'all salute to Gilbert Arena. It's all right. Let's You know what? I hate y'all. I hate this place. Why you bought it up. We would've known none of this. You've always volunteered information. Didn't get mad. We use it against you. That's we none of this. Okay, You mixing up next. Happy Halloween morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. And we got a salute, Erika Badu for joining us today. Man, Queen mother goddess Erica Badu. Lemme tell you something man. I will beat your ass for Erykah Badu. You hear me? Okay?


I love value and appreciate that woman so much, man. She just won. What award did she win, Lauren? She won the C FDA's fashion Icon of the Year award. Yes. And she's gonna be in the the Netflix movie, the Piano lesson, which is based off the original stage play. And she says she's got original music on the Netflix, I mean on the, on the piano lesson. Yep. Soundtrack. That's right. Yes. Yeah. So Salute to Erica Badu. And she says she working on, she got a a new album on the Way too. It's a collaborate. She said she collaborating with somebody. A Collaboration. Another guy person is A guy she hasn't said yet. That's right. Yeah. So Salute Bad Door. I'm sure she'll be back up hopefully to talk about that. Who is it though? I Don. I thought it was three stacks, but she she shut me down so I don't No, she Didn't shut you down.


I You didn't think so? I thought she was. You think she left it open? I think she though. I gotta go back and listen. I don't Remember. All right, well salute to Erica Badu and when we come back we got the positive notice. The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast. Club. Lauren la Rosa. Filling in for Jess salute to everybody out there, happy Halloween. I just wanna say salute to everybody out there in their costumes. I'll be out and about today with my kids all over the place. You know we do these videos each and every year. Yesterday my daughter was Little Kim. My son was little CS baby. She ate that. Yeah, she killed that. Ate that words, everything. Today we gonna post a video. London did Aaliyah over, we did a whole Aaliyah video over, we got a couple videos coming out.


We just enjoy Halloween. It's just a a, a great time for the family to get together and just do some cool stuff. And especially when You know the people like Little Cs and, and Kim and their family friends and it's just pretty, pretty dope. So salute to to all of them. 'cause my kids You know they're dancers and actresses, so the actors and actresses. So they actually like to get in character. Like they know they want. We could learn about the person. Everybody was so sick, we could tell that's what they Do. They nailed it. So they do so that they, they're always excited to You know to, to get a new character and learn that character and try to embody them in, in their acting and, and styles and stuff. So seems like that's what their passion is. Now what you up to? Yeah,


So I wanna tell you guys, I announced this yesterday, Saturday, November 2nd, which is this weekend. Lil Louisiana Fest is going down in New Orleans. And I will be there. Shout out to Mouse Jones and Wayneo. We will be hosting Amazon's live stream. They will be live streaming the concert. So you can watch it on Amazon prom, you can watch it on Amazon's Twitch account. But I'll be there, I'll be hosting it. I'm so excited. This is my You know first Louisiana Fest. So yeah, new Orleans. Oh yeah, I'm been there. New Orleans. I've been New Orleans a couple times. Okay. Orleans, ive been Orleans a couple times. But yes, I'll be there doing that.


And then on November 17th I will be back here in New York with the dear woman like me panel. I'll be moderating it. I'll be in live conversation with Daja China who was putting on the event. Lady London, Ron Brown it, Erica m This is gonna be an amazing day just celebrating womanhood and, and cheers into the fact that like You know when women get together, we do amazing things. So you can get your tickets at dear women like do eventbrite.com. And I will see you guys there as too. So New Orleans to New York. We be outside as much. You, You gotta go to our guy Larry Morro spots. Yes. Okay. I set you up with Larry. That's, that's my bro. Oh, You know Larry. I know him. I'm gonna hit him. You good? But maybe if y'all hit him he might respond. 'cause I hit him last time. My family was there and he didn't respond. So maybe You know y'all got the sauce. You been to Morrow's before? I've been to Morosa.


I go every time, every time I go to New Orleans, I go to New Morros restaurant. You Should go to Morros and you go to Morero States. We can, we, me and the Amazon family are, are doing dinner, so I should text them and tell 'em, make sure we do it at Morero. I'm, yeah, AB tell 'em do it at Morero steak steaks. Okay. I'm tell to Amazon people tell em do And out to Sierra and, and and Felicia over at Amazon. Like if you guys have ever saw any of the amazing things they do in hip hop and with music, it's a lot of black women behind that. And I man. They're amazing. Like I love them. So shout out to them as Well too. Absolutely. I'll tell you another good brunch spot to go to in New Orleans. Up in Adam Eats Up in Adam Eats. Okay. Yeah. Me and my wife went there for brunch Saturday. Okay. In incredible. They got a seafood biscuit. Lord have mercy. You Love a good biscuit.


Listen to me. You had a biscuit in Atlantic City. You know Biscuit and Nola. I love, I'm from South Carolina, I love biscuit, but they got a seafood biscuit at up and Adam eats. My God. Really? Okay. My god. And if you wanna party, you gotta go to a tree house. Oh yeah, that's, that's Larry. Yeah. I ain't never been to Tree House. Oh, tree House is amazing. I have not been to Tree House, but they, they said Flo J is having a birthday party so we gonna slide by there as well too. Who from LSU? Flo. JLSU. Oh, Flo JI thought you said oj. I was like oj, OJ don't want me. I mean I'm blind but right now oj, OJ don't want me at his birthday but I Know he is But he wouldn't want me at his birthday. Okay. I'm not his type Well or wasn't his type. Well I hope you go down there with the right wig. Don't go down there embarrassing us You. know what? Shout out to my girl Nies.


My girl Ms. Miya. Stop playing with them like dang lady. She is she ready. Period. Leave N Is ready. Leave Nana. Is she ready? I'm Glad you got all hands on deck. Farrah Farrah, however you wanna call. Leave Nana alone. Don't call me Nana. Don't don't call me mama. Mama. Grandma call her Fara. Address the unit by such Grandma. Farrah mama Farrah Big F, not the little one. Alright, Well you got a positive note? Yeah. My positive note is simply this. If they respect you, respect them. If they disrespect you still respect them. Do not allow the actions of others to decrease your good manness because you represent yourself, not them. Have a blessed Day Breakfast Club Bitches. Y'all finished or y'all done?


Hey everyone, it's Jay Shetty. And I. Am so excited to let You know that my latest podcast interview is with the one and only Tom Hanks. I have left many wonderful atmosphere or a loving atmosphere without thinking, oh, things were really wonderful back then. I wish I was back there, Jay, I don't think I've ever thought that. Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Trust me, you won't want to miss this one.


Hi, I am Marie and I'm Sydnee and we're mess, well not a mess, but on our podcast called Mess. We celebrate all things messy, but the gag is not everything is a mess. Sometimes it's just living things like J-Lo on her third Divorce Living Girls Trip to Miami Mess, Ozempic, messy, skinny Living. Well you get it. Got it. Live Love mess. New episodes available on November 7th. Listen to Mess with Sydnee Washington and Marie Foton on Will Ferrell's Big Money Players Network starting November 7th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Julian Edelman, I'm Rob Gronkowski and we are super excited to tell you about our new show Dudes On Dudes. We're spilling all the behind scenes stories, crazy details, and honestly just having a blast talking football. Every week we're discussing our favorite players of all times. From legends to our buddies to current stars. We're finally answering the age old question. What kind of dudes are these dudes? We're gonna find out. Jules new episodes drop every Thursday during the NFL season. Listen to dudes on, dudes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hello, my unde Deadly Darlings. It's Theresa, your resident ghost host. And do I have a treat for you? Haunting is crawling out from the shadows and it's going to be devilishly good. We've got chills, thrills and stories that'll make you wish the light stayed on. So Join me, won't you? Let's dive into the Eerie Unknown together. Sleep tight. If you can listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome To Gracias. Come again, A podcast by Honey German where we get real and dive straight into Tolo Al. We're talking Sika los and all things trending in Michael Cultura. I'm bringing you all the latest happening in our entertainment world and some fun and impactful interviews with your favorite Latin artists, comedians, actors, and influencers. Each week we get deep and raw life stories, combos on the issues that matter to us, and it's all packed with gems straight up com and that's a song that only can sprinkle. Listen to, gracias, come again on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.