
With the holidays right around the corner, Macy's has got you covered from home decor to holiday fashion. Erin, make this season stylish by letting Macy's be your guide to gifting and hosting this holiday season. Yeah, you can give Love, give style. You can shop at macy's dot com or visit a store near you.


The holidays are in full swing at Home Depot. If you wanna make the most of your time with your family, they have everything you need. Like the KitchenAid Artisan sir stand mixer with 10 speeds and a five quart bowl that can whip up a nine yes, nine dozen cookie at once. That helps me out. You know I got six kids, so I need more than nine cookies, but plenty for everyone. Even the big guy. Get a gift. The whole family can gather around. Enjoy up to 40% off Select furniture, decor, and Kitchen Essentials at the Home Depot. Shop now@homedepot.com.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 Technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of AppleLink Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@stayfarm.com.


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple Intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime at and t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming 4 20 24 with Siri and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime. Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject. To change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply c att.com/iphone four detail.


Good morning, usa. Yo yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo Yo. Just Hilarious. Wake your asses up. Charlamagne the guy. Peace to the Planet is Thursday. Good morning. How y'all feel out now? What's Up, Jess? How you feeling, Jess? I feel Good. You right? Yes. I be getting some really good rest. Still a three hour, three hour intervals, but it's, it is really good rest. That's good. And the baby's great. Yes, she's great. Okay. Yes. Is the milk coming though? Yes, it is. It's like, it fluctuates. 'cause like, when I notice, when I do a lot more, like I have to get up at three And, I, do makeup, and then I shower. I do all of that stuff. And then I exercise and all that stuff.


That like decreases it. Mm. Like I don't, I don't pump as much when I'm, when I have so much to do. Like when I'm flying and touring, like, no. But if I'm just, if I have a chill day, like when I'm off, I just have to like relax. 'cause then that's the more milk I make. Wonder if that's the thing. If you relax, you lactate. Yeah. Relax, ate, relax, ate, Relax. Ate, relax. Ate. Yeah. Relax, ate, relax, ate. Oh, we can make a pillow Or blanket you not good with pillows. Sell it on a pillow. Put me a floaty that I know that's not, you sent me the link for a floaty and said it was a pillow. Didn't. That's how they, they promoted it. I, he sent me something. I asked for a bed pillow. Remember that my belly could go into Yes. I don want to sleep on my stomach so bad.


And. I couldn't. And it was a floaty. I'm like, I'm not getting in the pool. Why Now? Right down. Yo. Why couldn't you get it was winter time. No, that was before winner. It was not winner. No. I gave it the ash though. How y'all feel though? I'm blessed. Black and Holly. Favored man. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. That's right. Okay. Thank you. Everybody who came out to the grand opening of Astoria yesterday in Newark, New Jersey. Man, it was insane. It was dropping a cruise. Bumps for everybody in Newark, New Jersey, all surrounding areas who came out the, the grand opening of Astoria, which is a new premium dispensary in Newark, New Jersey. SL through the Good Brother Rayquan and Bakari Sellers. My guy, jet and Josh. Man, we had a fantastic grand opening, so thank you. Dope. Dope. Thank you.


Dope. Thank you. Thank you. Everybody Who I saw out there too, I saw Beanie Siegel pulled up. He ain't had a food truck though. He ain't had a food truck. He ain't had a food truck. OGs like Smith and Wesson and Okay, Lord. Okay. Yeah. It was amazing. Okay. It was amazing. Congressman Kelly, mayor Baraka pulled up. It was beautiful. Dope, dope, dope. SLU to Newark, man. Lot of Brick C. Yes. Sluts Everybody out in Newark now. Cash do will be joining us today. Detroit's own. Nice. She has a new album, the Last Doll, which comes out this Friday. So we're gonna be kicking it with Cash. dol. How Ms. Cash Doll? I know you ain't come to work. She was That true? Yeah. She, I like, I like, I like Cash Doll. Yeah. Yeah. So Cash Doll got a new project coming out this Friday. We going play a, a joiner two off the album and chop it up with her in a Little bit.


That's good. All that melanin was in here, man. Eclipse and all of that. Bei is over there. That's beautiful. Yeah. Yo, shut Up. Shut Your ass up. Queen Justin. Cash do. Oh my God. Red. Oh my Goodness. How you felt. Liked it. You liked it. You liked it. That's, Oh my gosh. All right, let's get the show crack. And we got front page News. Morgan gonna be joining us, so don't go anywhere as The Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get in some front page news now on Thursday night football, the Washington Commanders take on the Eagles at 8:15 PM Oh, that's good. I love the NFC East's rivalries. That's right. Because one, somebody gonna cancel each other out. It don't mean nothing for us.


Nothing. Because our season is over, but hey. Oh, wow. I'm lying. We still a pathway. Yeah. Shut up, man. It's still a pathway. Pathway to nowhere. It's still a pathway out there for us to get to the Super Bowl. Good morning. Morning. Good morning. Good morning, y'all. Good morning. Envy. Charlemagne and Jess here. Charlemagne You know y'all. All right. You still D Lulu anyways. That's right. Moving on. Okay. So y'all, president Biden met with President-elect Trump at the White House yesterday to discuss a peaceful transition of power. Now, before Trump arrived, Biden spoke about the state of the economy and bragged about the things his administration accomplished. Let's hear those comments from President Biden yesterday at the White House.


Not everyone has felt the progress, because it takes time. We've emerged from a crisis. We have the strongest economy in The. World, more, much more to do. The key pieces of the investing in America include historic laws that I've signed, the historic investments and modernizing our roads and bridges, our ports, airports, public transit. Yeah. So before his meeting with President Biden Trump, also, he met with House GOP leaders, where he expressed his gratitude and he touted the election results. Do we have that audio? No. I just wanna thank everybody. You've been incredible. We worked with a lot of you to get you in, and you helped me, and you helped me too. We won the majority by 7.1 million.


We won, which is great. 'cause Republicans aren't supposed to be winning The majority. Marjorie You know that. Right. And we won that, and we won it every, every way. All seven swing states by a lot. Yeah. So this comes as NBC News is projecting the Republicans will keep control of the house. Republicans keep the house, but very narrowly with a small majority. The win gives President-elect Trump an easier path to enact his policies. Now that the Senate is also under GOP control, the GOP won the needed two hun 218 seats to keep control. And that news broke yesterday on Wednesday. Any thoughts there? Oh, well, I, I just don't understand the White House visit.


Now, granted, You know, I'm glad it's a peaceful transition of power, but what happened to the threat of democracy talk? What happened to the fascist talk, by the way? I know I've said those things about Trump as well, but I'm not talking about me. I'm talking about his political opponents like President Biden, when they say it, it holds way more weight than me. I'm just trying to figure out how do you go from he's anal existential threat to democracy to welcome back. He Was happy too. He was happy. He was smiling. He was grinning. He was cheesing. Say cheese. He was saying he was cheesing. Bro, I'm just trying to figure out how I, I, I understand President Biden believe in pin political norms, but damn That man, happy as hard leave. He don't care. He want to go. Yep. Outta here. I was gonna say, it's definitely giving You know in inside a house thing, don don't know.


Like you You know, it's the family is fighting inside, but then the moment that somebody from the outside come in, it's like, hold on, wait. So it's giving United front on a global stage is all I'm seeing. And that's just my opinion, y'all. I ain't gonna get too much into that. But the white, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna stop minding white people business. That's what I'm gonna stop. So the White House says the meeting lasted for two hours and it was substantive. Biden also congratulated Trump and shook his hands. And of course, like we just spoke about, the two showed a united front. Now speaking at the White House press briefing, press Secretary Kare Jean Pierre said, leaders can covered a significant amount in the meeting, including national security, domestic policy issues and more. Let's hear more from White House Press Secretary, KJP. It was substantive meeting and exchange of views.


They discussed important national security and domestic policy issues facing the nation. And The World, we will have an orderly transition and a peaceful transition of power. Yes, of course. This all comes as the nation's 45th President, president elect Donald Trump is set to take the na set, set to take office as the Nation's 47th President on January 20th. Inauguration day. Yeah. So do we I was gonna say, we running outta time or no? No, we have no more. Now we have no time. We've got no more time. Okay. So the Trump continues to make moves, and we'll talk more about that at 7:00 AM in addition to what's going on in New York with congestion pricing. So stick around more front page news at seven. All right. And everybody else get it off your chest.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent phone line to wide open again. (800) 585-1051. Call us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. I'm tall. I'm tall. Hey, what you doing man? I'm call calling. Yo, This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello. Who's this? Hello, this is James calling from Lumberton, North Carolina. Hey, James from Carolinas. Get it off your chest, brother. Yeah. That song IDGF with Chris Brown in it.


You know You going to give it up or whatever. Yes, Sir. Song. Let's see. Chris, that's A disrespectful song, man. This, this woman is telling him that she's in a relationship. She's good. He treats her good. The states are good. Everything. And he steady talking about, well, I don, remember when we used to get down? Let's go get a room. Come on, let's go. You know. That's so disrespectful. How old are you, king? I'm 44. I'll be 45 next month. Okay, so we in the same age range. I'm 46. We've heard more disrespectful songs, bro. I mean, that's just been the norm in r and b and hip hop for a long time. You know. Men don't care if you got, if you, if the woman that the woman got a good man. You Remember Carl Thomas? I wish, Oh my God, that man was made because he was a stalker.


And that man had a family stay with her family driving by the crib. She needed to build a wall around Carl Thomas. Carl Thomas needed to be arrested. My man stay. But what about me at the least? Investigated. He was stalking. He was stalking the woman. He sure was. Thank you brother. Maybe alive. I know she regret giving that man. Yes. Any ppo? Hello? Who's this? Hey. Good morning. Good morning, man. This is Gavin calling from Long Island. What's Up brother? Get it off your chest. And I. Just wanted to speak on this transition of power. I know I heard all the, all the rumors about You know what Trump was gonna do, taking away our rights, our, our democratic rights, You know took Project 2025 and, and putting women back into slavery.


I heard all types of rumors. That's just political, slander, propaganda to try to swing people's votes. Everything I've heard this man say so far since he's been in office has been positive. He spoke about You know, trying to get schools to have a little bit more equality in their selection. I've heard him say that he's now putting tariffs on doctors that are doing surgery on, on minors who want to, who, who wanna change their sex. Hey, really? What are we talking about here? Well, listen, well, two things I don You know so far. Well, two things I'd like to say. Yeah, go ahead. Ahead. Number one, the the jury is still out. Okay. But I am hoping for the best that, that, that's number one. And number two, we also gotta remember, people didn't just make up this rhetoric about Donald Trump.


They made up this rhetoric based off the things that were coming outta his mouth. So let's look at it two ways, right? They were saying things You know, based off what he was saying for political You know points. And maybe he was saying what he was saying, You know, even though it was wild, crazy, reckless unpatriotic stuff for political points. So they both were doing it. Yeah. On both sides. Things were said about Kama, Kamala Harris also You know, right? But what you gotta do is You know. You gotta look through the smoke screen and look at somebody's track record. You know the election is just a job application. These are two people applying for a job. So of course, if they're going against each other, they're gonna try to smear each other. But the truth of the matter is, I made my decision. I voted for Trump based on performance.


I've seen four years of what Kamala Harris did. And Kamala and Biden, Kamala And I seen four years of what Trump did. And, and just based off performance. I said he was the better man for the job, regardless of how they look. I disagree with that, but that's a whole other decision. I'm not your decision, brother. Thank, thank you for calling in. I totally disagree with that. The mishandling of the pandemic You know of, of Covid You know it's not So You know the way, the way the economy was going before Covid. Like, we forget about a lot of that stuff, but hopefully we don't get a reminder. That's right. I, I'm wishing for the best. Get It off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning The Breakfast Club. It's a new day.


This is your time to get it off your chest. Wait, wake up. Whether you're mad or blessed, it's time to Get up and get something. Call up now. (800) 585-1051. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello, Who's this? This is Coco. Good morning. Hey Coco. Good morning. Get it off your chest. Okay. Y'all don't think I'm crazy, but I just find it crazy how this dude, Matt Gates, they're all over the media, but I haven't seen them say nothing one time about the congressional hearing. Hold on y'all baby man. About the congressional hearing that they just had about aliens. The people in the military was there.


They talk about how they got military bases under water. They done seen these things come out the water. They got like UFO retrieval programs. It is crazy. Listen, experts testified before lawmakers that America is running secret as they call 'em UAP programs now. Okay? Yeah. They just had that congressional hearing and they talk about how they have, like, people have gotten hurt by trying to reverse this technology. How they actually have like aliens in their possession. It is. While y'all need to go, listen. They do it. They do it. It's A congressional hearing, so you want More alien talk.


They they do it every other year. I they did it last year. And there's always something that distracts from the hearing. Yeah. There's Matt Gats stuff. I'm sitting here listening to it at every time I walk past the tv they talk about this pedophile, about the D Attorney general. Now, Matt Gaetz might be an extra terrestrial. Did we ever think about that? He looked like one. He looked like one. Come on now. Goodbye. Cocoa. He do. He Looked like he do. Come on Al, come on. I Want you Coco cocoa. Me and you right here. Bye Coco. Listen, every year I get on this radio and talk to y'all about these congressional hearings. And these people are sitting up on the stand admitting that there's extra terrestrial admitting that the America knows what's going on with UFOs. The World knows what's going on, but nobody pays no attention.


And it's not like, it's not front page news. It's right there. It's in the USA today. It's in NPR, it's in the Guardian. Y'all not paying attention. And. I would love for some extraterrestrials to come down right now. That's what we need. Hey Tyler. Hey, how's it going guys? Are you an Alien? No. No. I You know what I, I'm not even, I'm not too sure. Okay. Alright. Just Curious. You are an alien to somebody. Sir. We we're earthlings, we live on the planet earth. There are other life forms on other planets and other solar systems. The universes, we are aliens to somebody. Tyler's Like, what did I call into? Right? Come on Tyler, get it off your chest, bro. Man, I just wanted to shout all you guys out. I've been listening to you for over a year now. Back and forth to Barber school at Ron West Barber College in Dayton, Ohio.


Okay? And I've, you guys have just kept me going, man. For real. I've had two jobs going to school three days a week busting my ass. And you guys really just keep me going, man. Thank you sir. Ute To you, Tyler outta here. Thank you so much. I appreciate that. Tyler, have you ever cut a alien? Cut a No. Not yet. Not yet. Okay. Just curious. Alright, Tyler, you have a good one. You think you not an alien? You a you a Dominican? Okay. You alien to somebody, right? You going I'm Black. All's all fun the game. So Donald Trump start deporting alien and stupid after January. Get off your chest Alien too. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We got just with the mess coming up. What we talking about? Yes, Jess. Hilarious stars in a movie that drops today.


Okay. Okay. And you better not H more than CS Act. What is the movie called? What is it dropping on? I gotta let y'all know We be back. We be back. Okay. Alright, we'll get into that. Next is The. Breakfast. Club. The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the mess. Real Hilarious. Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't nobody, nobody Worldwide. Jess Worldwide on The. Breakfast Club.


She's a ship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it off. So yes. Drop a clues bomb for your girl, Jess. Hilarious. Okay. I star in a movie that drops today on Peacock. Y'all All right? Yep. It's called I Hate I Love You. It's directed by Jre Mc Macintosh. You you? Yeah. I hate I Love You. That's what it's called. It is directed by Jemele Mc Jre McIntosh and written by J Carter. And it's about a successful couple. They are a married couple and they are in the art industry and they have an art gallery. And then they start like betraying each other and infidelity comes into play and all types of like, scheming and stuff.


And it ends up being like every man for himself. They, they, it, I ain't gonna give it away. It's A movie or you said a movie, right? Yep. It Is a movie. I I can watch it in one sitting then Yes, you can watch it in one sitting and you better watch it. Yes. Yes. I love watching you in movies. No, Shalene. Whatcha Talking about chat about to be popping. One, one of my screensavers is you holding the head from the, not just screensaver you, you lie. You Better watch it for real. Because every time I ask you to watch something, you be like, oh yeah, yeah. We gonna watch you. We gonna watch it. And you wanna Watch. We watched, we watched Beauty in Black. You watched the Whole Beauty in the Black twice. That's right. And you, you, you was jumping on that Beauty in Black was hilarious. Beauty. Beauty in Black. Oh yeah. Beauty. There you go.


Beauty. He Like that same what I got turned around was like, you gonna miss this every Day on that? Charlemagne, come and show me a scene from that. Look at this. Hey, that theory was good. And I. Don't care what y'all say. Make Sure y'all check it out today on Peacock. Yo, What's it called again? I love you for real. I hate, I love you. I hate I love you. Yeah. Yes. On Peacock, Jesus. All Right, mark Zuckerberg in the studio with tpa. So y'all know yesterday I reported that he was in the studio with him and we had a few questions. We ain't know what was going on 'cause he had only posted a picture of it. Last night. Mark Zuckerberg shared the actual song, the hem and t Pain recorded Day six.


You can it to me. One to the drops. Now why is Mark doing this? Is he bored? What's the the reason? Okay, So it's when him and his wife, when him and his wife met right back in college. That's the song that was playing when he met Priscilla, right? Oh, the Yin Yang Twins get Low.


And so he wanted to remake the version with T Payne. But my thing is why he hit the Yin Yang twins. And, and one of the producers was like, damn, he probably thought that that was the T-Pain song. 'cause that's the yin Aint Twin song. Nah. Get Low. That had nothing to do with T-Pain. He would've thought that he probably just cool with T-Pain. Just like T-Pain. Yeah. On he is a good question. Why is, why is T-Pain doing that? That should be Little John and the Yin Yang doing. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I On Why is that? He Probably is. I mean, I taking nothing away from him being cool with t Bain. He remade Also, I was thinking about the other songs Low, low. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yep. I like the song. I I like it too. I like it too.


T Payne had took to the internet when people was like giving him negative backlash about being in the studio with Mark Zuckerberg. And this is what he had to say. All the people that's like, oh, you just trying to get in front of the Mark Zuckerberg thing and Mark Zuckerberg, there's Mark Zuckerberg. That and You know. Yeah. You know what I'm, that's what I'm talking about. Y'all don't like when people have fun. Y'all don't like when people do wholesome things. Y'all don't like when people do stuff for they wives, And I that that's all good. But when I do songs with known drug dealers, when I do songs with mother, with actual murders on their goddamn on their hands. And when I do songs with my known scammers, when I do songs with mother brag about all the bad they done done in their life, that stuff is fire. That s hard, that's, that's that real real streets.


No, that's, that's what talking about when my is actually doing something good in a goddamn damn life, then all of a sudden I need to distance myself shut the hell up. And furthermore, hold on. And furthermore Riss okay, because I want to in on this toothy pan, they mad at you for being in the studio with Mark Zuckerberg and they're complaining on Facebook, they're complaining on Instagram. That's right. These platforms that Zuckerberg owns. Do y'all realize how stupid y'all be sounding? Somehow I don know Mark Zuckerberg sitting back probably laughing like he threw this for his wife. Like this is something he's dedicating to his wife and he and and CPA enjoyed on dope. He was glad that he made him a part of that. So that was amazing. Y'all Love complaining about these billionaires on the apps they own.


Absolutely. That makes no sense to me. If you really don't like these billionaires, how about delete your accounts from Facebook, delete your accounts from Instagram, delete your, your accounts from how Yeah. Won't do that. And furthermore, further, furthermore, I wanna know how much keep paying charge ball Y'all. What You got in back? Didn't even get money. You getting stocks? Did he get, because what's, because like that's important. Yeah. don Don't need no money. Gimme some Stocks. You. know what I mean? That's Mark Zuckerberg. So he probably got a You know a share in something. I'm not sure. Jazz Christmas is coming up. I think you gonna help me do a song for my wife? Yes. 3 6 9. Damn, you're fine. Yeah. Damn. You're fine. Yes. You'll said I'm hoping you can talk it to me baby. One more time. I can't wait to play that. Me and Crystal gonna take it down tonight. That that's nice.


Alright. Quincy Jones. Cause of Death Revealed, as we all know by now, Quincy Jones passed away. He was 91 November 3rd. I know he, he lived a long, full life. Yes, he did. Call to death was deaf call. The death was deaf. Yo. I know he was 91, But You know people still wanna know whatever. Right. TMZ obtained his death certificate and he died from pancreatic cancer. He was 91. He lived a full, very successful life. But that's what he died from. Yes. Pancreatic cancer. He lived a very long, long whole life, Man. Sure. Absolutely. Absolutely sure did. So we're sending love and prayers to his family. Yep. And. I ain't got time for this one, but that's all good. Alright, well that is just with the mess.


That's just with The mess. Now When we come back, Morgan will be joining us, of course. Front page news and then cash dollar will be in the building. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are checking out. The. Breakfast Club. Good morning everybody. It's DJ J nv. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Now let's get in some front page news. Now in Thursday night football a commander take on the Eagles at eight 15. What's up Morgan? Woo. That's gonna be one, that's gonna be a good one for the NFC East. Let's see what it do. But I'm not gonna get too much into that. Let's get into this politics news y'all. So South Dakota's John Thune is the next leader of Senate Republicans, Thune and Texas's. John Cornyn faced off in a secret vote after Florida's Rick Scott was eliminated in the first round ballot for Senate majority Leader Nal Thune will replace Kentucky's Mitch McConnell, who is stepping aside as Republican leader, senate leader elect.


John Thune said It's a new day in America and they will support President elect Trump in any way they can. Let's hear more from Senate leader elect John Thune. It's A new day in the United States Senate and it's a new day in America. The American people have loudly rejected the failed policies of the Biden Harris Schumer agenda. And this Republican team is united. We are on one team. We are excited to reclaim the majority and to get to work with our colleagues in the house to enact President Trump's agenda. We'll make sure that the president and his team have the tools and the support that they need to enforce border security laws and to remove the violent criminals who are wreaking havoc in every one of our states.


Yeah. So as Trump continues to build on his administration, he is nominating Florida Congressman Matt Gates for Attorney General in a post on truth social, Trump said Gates is deeply gifted and a tenacious attorney, the President-elect added few issues are more important than ending the partisan weaponization of the justice system. And a post on X gates said it would be an honor to serve as Attorney General. I know the caller not too long ago was talking about that You know Matt Gates and him You know. Well he's You know he's had some, some, some court cases in the past. He's no stranger to those things. You know underage. It, it, it's amazing to me that we just report these things like it's normal though.


Like Matt Gates is just a normal attorney general Appointee and You know what and we're, we're not lacking. There's so much more to report. Yeah. And I don't have enough time. Yeah. Like, I mean he, he was being investigated by the Department of Justice for sex trafficking You know. Yes. Yeah. One of the allegations was that he had sex with a 17-year-old girl and paid for her to travel across state lines. I'm just saying Yeah, You Know. Whoops. I'm just saying. But it's just like You know. But he's the, he's the attorney g he's the attorney General And. I'm not saying that he did these things. I'm just saying that You know, we, we report on these things like they're just normal. Like Matt Gates, They are who we thought they were. Well, don don't know. don don't know if he is who he, who people believe him to be. I'm just saying that that that is out there is what I'm saying. Well, speaking of Attorney Generals New Jersey Attorney General Matthew Plat Ken, he's letting president elect Donald Trump know that he's, he's prepared to protect state laws.


Now Plat King claims the incoming president has campaigned on issues that could violate people.


The holidays are just around the corner. And if you anything like me, that means you'll be hosting all your family and friends, whether it's making holiday cookies or getting your space ready for guests. The Home Depot has furniture, the decor and kitchen essentials at 40% off like the KitchenAid Artisan sir stand mixer. Not only does it look sharp on your kitchen counter, but it also got 10 speeds. A tilt back head for easy ingredient mixing. And a five quart bowl that can whip up. Ready for this nine dozen cookies in one go. Enough for your entire family, friends, neighbors. Oh, and the big guy too. The KitchenAid Artisan Series stand mixer comes with dough hooks, a wire whip, and a flat beater. So it can do a lot of really cool things. The holidays are happening at Home Depot, which means right now you can save up to 40% off select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials. So go to Home depot.com to shop now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-Wheel Drive, the Kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple car plays a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Now streaming on Prime video You can Call me. Detective Alex Cross Based on characters created by James Patterson. Detective Cross, you've been doing this a long time and you're The best. And created by Ben Watkins, Multiple victims I connected to. This Comes a thrilling new series. He's a serial killer. I don't kill for foot. Ms. Killer Thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. There's a lot of sicks out there. He actually believes he's an artist. You're gonna be part of a masterpiece. This is the product of an unbelievable obsession. Aldis Hodge is DC's funnest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance again. 30 years knowing Cross, I learned to dress his gut against inside his head. Clock's ticking. He was hitting my house. He messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. Do, you think you can stop him? I know I can cause I. know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime. Video watch now.


Hey Fab. If you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


What Does it feel like to get the new iPhone 16 pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first pick up those tongs and you're now the one running the grill, it's indescribable like something you've never felt before. All the mouthwatering anticipation of new possibilities, whether it's making a perfect cheeseburger or treating your family to a grill baked potato, which You know will forever change the way you look at potatoes with at and t. Next up, anytime you can feel this way again and again. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 pro with Apple intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime at t connecting changes everything. Apple intelligence coming fall 2024 with Siri and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime future may be discontinued at any time. Subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone four details


People's rights adding he's prepared to sue the Trump administration if necessary. Now, Platon also says, the United States is a nation built on laws that do not change when the presidents change. However, the, the Attorney General says he respects the outcome of the election and called for a peaceful trans transfer of power. Let's hear more from New Jersey Ag. Matthew Pla. It's not something that I wake up every day dying to do. It's not the reason why I was honored to take this job. But it is something that I'm now prepared to do to protect the residents of this state. It's core to who we are as a democracy. And President Trump is now the President-elect.


He won the election and he will be president come January. And that's something that everyone must accept. It's funny too, he said, he said Trump. He said what? He said Trump. He said, laws don't change when Presidents change. Yes. Well, this president has the House, the Senate, and the Supreme Court probably gonna end up putting two more judges on the Supreme Court if, if a lead and Thomas retired. So Trump gonna be out there like, watch this, watch this, watch this, watch this. Watch this. Laws don't change. You think laws don't change. Okay, watch this. Watch this. Right. Alright, Speaking of which, oh, excuse me. Let's bring things home. You know Y'all already up top with New Jersey. Let's bring things home to New York. So congestion pricing, which seems to be a big deal in New York now multiple outlets are reporting that New York Governor Kathy Hofer will announce the return of the controversial Manhattan Toll program.


The reports say tolls will be lowered from $15 to $9 to drive below 60th street. And that all tolls under the revised program will be 40% lower than announced this summer. Now, the NTA board would have signed off, would have to sign off, and that would appear to just be a formality. They're also expecting a, a Biden Transportation department to also approve, which seems likely. Let's hear more about this from Governor Kathy Hoel, That when inflation was escalating and New Yorkers were struggling, that $15 was just too much. I've said it over and over and over. And I'm doing the best I can to ensure that all the requirements are met, the environmental issues, congestion, mitigation.


And most important to me is funding for the MTA. That's whack. And the reason that's whack is because when, when, of course, election happened, she pulled it off the table to make sure that, that everybody, all the Democrats were covered for election. As soon as she was put in the, the elections were over, they put it back on the table. $9 is very expensive for people to come to work if they have to work in Manhattan. Especially if they have to come from someplace outside of the city where they have to pay for a toll to get in. And that $9, it's very disrespectful. And, I think it's very high. And they're saying that they're trying to do this before Trump gets in office because they feel like Trump is gonna squash this and he should squash it because $9 for people that come to work, it just doesn't affect the people that come to work. It also affects the goods that have to come into the city as well.


So if you, if you buy bacon, egg, and cheese every day, it's probably gonna go up in price. If you buy an orange juice every day, it's probably gonna go up in price. That is too expensive. I agree with envy. Not right now, Kathy. All right. Not at a time like this. Why do they think people have extra money for this? Talk about tone. Death, inflation may be down, but everything else is too high. And what bothers me about this the most is New York City ain't fly. Yo. No. Okay. With all the money that we we spend in this city, Can't always Say that it is not fly with all the money we spent on this city for tolls and parking, all of this other stuff. It should look like Dubai. That's right. Or Abu Dhabi. At least Charlotte can New York. Can New York at least look like Dallas, right? Yeah. Like New York ain't fly y'all.


I don't know. You know. I'm just telling you, for all the money that we spend in this city on things like this, it should look a lot better. Absolutely. Too many people. Sheesh. Well, New York City mayor Eric Adams, he also jumped into the chat. He talked about congest congestion pricing, which of course You know. You mentioned that Governor Hoko has paused now saying the city will take a look at a new bill and hopefully will make the tax more affordable. Let's hear really quickly from Eric Adams. People are lean leaving the city because it's just too expensive. And we need to find ways of ensuring that we get that affordability. Yep. And that's pretty much it. Draw sentiments. People are leaving the city because it's too expensive. So I know how to remedy that.


Let's charge 'em extra $9 to come into the City charge money. It makes no sense that it really makes no sense. Come on Governor HoCo. Come on man. You being very, that's very tone deaf right now. Very. All right Charles. So that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood. Follow me on social at Morgan Media. M-O-R-G-Y-N-M-E-D-I-A. And for more news coverage, follow us at Black Information Network and visit at us@bnews.com. Download that free iHeartRadio App ian, have a great Day. All right, thank you. Now when we come back, Detroit's own cash do will be joining us. Her album, the Last Dog comes out this Friday. So we gonna talk to her next. So don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast. Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy.


Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. We got a special guest in the building. Y'all try to rob her. Last time she, so she brings all her jewelry with her. Now she got every piece of jewelry with her in that case. She said you I ain't leaving nothing home anymore. Nothing. She got 10 birkins outside. She got 20 Chanel bags. She got everything with her today. Ladies and gentlemen, we have cash. Dog. Welcome. Yes. What's up baby? I'm in. No, yes, no, I'm not joking. Why you got all your jewelry? Why you got so all Of It? That's just, oh, I just seen your big bin. Yeah, Just a little bit. Okay. But whatever I do travel with, I just You know. Keep it with me instead of leaving in at Hotel. Hotel. You don't play that game. Huh? That Is sketchy. You know that you got valuables. You know that You know that.


A lot of money, man. That's right. It's hard. Even get insurance on it now. So you gotta protect your investments, man. That's Right. For sure. But how you feeling? I'm feeling good. You feeling good? Hey, I got some rest last night. Okay. So I'm in there. Especially Since baby girl. How you feeling? You got your girl and your boy? Yes you do too. What's up? Yep. I sure Do. What's up? But I feel good. I'm just blessed man. Them kids is my world. Yeah. They like, I love them kids so bad. I, I hate being away from 'em, but I know that's a part of the job. You know. But they motivate me. They motivate me to get out here and do different things to make money where I ain't gotta leave this much You. know what I'm saying? And. I. Just see life different man. I mean, I'm enjoying myself a little more too. Yeah. It's like mama fun is different.


Yeah. It's like you drink different. That fun. You this fun. Gotta count. We're supposed to have a good time. I'm away from my kids. We better have a good time. Make it worth my wild. Make it worth my while. 'cause I go back home and lay up and cuddle with my little snuggles. That's right. You know. So it Take the cool outta you too. Like you think you cool until you got kids. Do all type of donky stuff. You'd be like, like I would've never did that before. You, Like, you made me corny a little bit. But no, I, I'm feeling good though. I'm in a good space today. Nice. Yeah. You know every day, every day. But today I'm feeling good. That's Good. Yeah. Now you said you wanna stay home now that, that's not possible in this industry between acting music on tour.


So that must, this must be your last album. If you say you wanna stay home more, 'cause the last, there's no way The last dial so it Is, It's the last You know what it can mean so many ways because my indecisive Pisces ass, you just don't know the last doll could mean I'm changing my name. Got you. The last doll could mean clarity is the last doll. The last doll could mean I'm tying my tubes and it bit not be no goddamn more dolls to come. Got Damn it. Or the last doll could mean whatever the case may be. However I'm feeling I covered all ground. So all Yeah, that's what that meant. Damnit at that time. Yeah. Okay. I have been saying that you did wanna drop the doll from your name though. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I'm just grown. I'm grown. Yeah.


I'm grown. That's how I feel right now. I'm grown And. I'm tired of the doll You know. And then also of course, I can't deny that it's just been too many. Yeah. And I hate that You know. I can't even be in a regular rap conversation. 'cause it's like, what about the Dolls? Who's the best doll? Da da. And that just aggravating. Yeah. You know And not nothing to the girls. You know. 'cause we all had You know we squashed. I ain't, I ain't got no feeling to them. But I can't help out. I feel You know. So I kind want my own identity. What took you so long for your sophomore album? Because this is The last dog was A sophomore album. I know, right Jess? It took a long time. I yeah. You know. It's so crazy. I never noticed it. Yeah. Until Notice it took that long. That it No, I was enjoying my dumb ass self.


Like why didn't, ain't nothing wrong with Take Me that long, that long because it was like, I did, I I wasn't as consistent. But You know when you have teams and different labels, you don't mentally be there. You know. And it took me a while to register. Like, damn, I really haven't dropped a project in five years. That's crazy. Yeah. And I'm wondering why I'm not getting the things that I want. So now I'm like, I'm in a position. I have a great team, a better system and more motivation. And now I'm ready to, 'cause I just dropped a project last year With DJ Drama. Yeah. With DJ Drama. And then I'm dropping the album this year. This the most assistance I've ever been in my life. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So now I'm like, all right, I'm in there. 'cause now I'm feeling it.


I'm feeling it. So I'm finally there. It took time. Y'all, I was traumatized from being locked in that contract. I was traumatized. So now I'm finally like, damn, I can just do me have more creative control. Just do me and just put it out and go by my business. But that's where I'm at now. The the main reason I think You know where I don't think I missed you as much because you were always on a blog. Like some people you don't see and you, they they just disappear. Yeah. But you be on the block for your hair. Like your hair be on the block. They'd be like, here comes cast all again with that hair. I see. I'm be like, Ash got a new record. Her hair come cash again. It be her hair. Like your hair got names like nicknames. Them bitches be switching out.


Them bitches be switching out. Yeah. Listen, And I just had a show in Detroit. Right. And I was like And, I You know. I talked to to Cash all the time. And she was like, what's up? You coming to the city, you need your hair done. And. I was like, oh my God. I didn't. But I was like, yeah, but I ain't had enough Time to get it done. I was so Mad. You in and out. Yeah. So I started To head her back. Like, do I still got that? 'cause I come back next weekend if I can get my hair done by the same girl who do your Yeah. I I'm make sure my girl good. Yeah. Yeah. You know in my city, I'm like, no, you gotta get your hair You. know what I'm saying? Yeah. But you be looking good. But thank you. I was just extending the Yeah. Offer You know what I'm saying? But don don't know how I al I'm always out. 'cause it's, it'd be hair and it'd be everything. It's always something. And I don't understand it. That's A good thing.


Yeah. Because it could be worse, it could be some bad things. It's always positive. Yeah. Yeah. It is always positive. And that's what I'm grateful for. Right. You know. Because I mean, that's just who I am too though. You know you get what you put out. So I feel like I'm, I'm probably just a relatable person or something because I was just really listening and And I was doing a lot of podcasts and everybody was saying, and I'm like, damn, it's not just me. 'cause I live in my own little bubble. Like, I feel like I only see me everywhere because I only wanna see me. I don't be noticing that everybody sees the same thing. And I. Because I be in my own world, y'all. Yeah. Like, and a lot of times that's good too. 'cause if you see everything, then you start to respond and then you start to get discouraged and then you start You. know what I'm saying? Yeah. So that's really good. But I've been seeing you all over the place.


You've been doing your press man. Yeah. Like I'm very, very proud of you. Thank you. Appreciate. Yeah. You appreciate that. Talk to me about that. Appreciate that album. Like what is, what is the last though? Like what are you talking about in this album? How is it different from the last album? It's different. 'cause I'm, I'm different, but it's more of an enhanced project from like Stacked. It's just like El it's elevated. It's like I'm seeing it on this one You. know what I'm saying? I got songs about my kids. I got more meaningful songs. I have mental health songs. You know we go through postpartum for real You know more experiences. But then also I'm turning a on there too. I'm not a Y it wouldn't be a Cash album. And if you ain't turning up on this.


Yeah, I'm turning up. So it's like as soon as you get in there, I'm in there. Pow. Yeah. Pow. Pow. But then I kind of let you get in my feelings a little bit. I talk about my son, I talk about my daughter. I reflect on my life and where I'm at and where I want to go. And You know. It's, it is a vibe. And I don't really have that many features. There's only like three features. Yeah. I see. And you, you, you mentioned postpartum. Do you have postpartum You know what? When when I say postpartum, it's like You know postpartum depression Is different. Different from postpartum. Postpartum. That postpartum. Like right now I'm five months postpartum. My daughter just turned five months. Right. See, I had to learn that too. Yeah. I had to learn the difference between the two. Okay. Yeah. See, I didn't go through postpartum depression. Okay. I'm a mental strong person. Not to say that I don't go through things everybody else go through, but I kind of just know how to take my mental off of depression when it gets there.


I have times where You know it could happen, but it'd be like, all right, let me, yeah. Do something else. You know what saying so I don't get there because it could happen. All right. We have more with cash. Do when we come back to Don. Move is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's T-E-J-N-V. Just hilarious. Charlamagne. The guy. We are The. Breakfast Club. We're still kicking him with Cash Doll. Her album comes out this Friday. And I. I wanted to to go back 'cause of course I know your story and a lot of people might not know your story. When I was joking earlier, And I said, you carry your jewelry and you have the bags out. Something that happened to you was probably my biggest fear in my life. Right. And it, and it happened to me too, especially now, right? Because I got six kids and my kids are home. And that's, that's one of my biggest fears. I actually was on vacation. The reason why I don't post when I'm out of town or I don't, when I'm on vacation, I came back from vacation.


And I had to do a show. So I, I was driving to Boston. My family comes back to my house. My daughter comes to the house. She was about 17 at the time. So she got out the car first. She types an alarm code, types in, alarm code. Beep, beep, beep be beep, beep, beep, beep. She looks upstairs, somebody bust open. My bedroom door is carrying a safe in his hand. And she seen, she seen, yeah, seen. Runs out the back. Hops off the balcony and runs into the woods. Right. They call the police. It was dark. The police were, they was scared. They was scared to go into the woods. So the guy got away with a ton in my wife's jewelry. Right. The police were scared to go into the woods. Police were scared. They was like, let's wait for the dogs bro. By the time you wait for the dog, guy's gone. Gone. So the guy was gone. But you went to something similar. Oh yeah. Twice. So explain to twice why.


Explain to people what happened that don't know. The first time I was out with Joey in Cali. Yeah. And. I was just, this was my fault. You know. I was just really tired. I just flew in from Cali. That's a four or five hour flight. Yeah. I had to shoot nine pieces of content for something. And I. I was there, I had my jewelry, I had all my purses and clothes. And I just kept changing and stuff. And then when it was time to go back, y'all, I'm tired, but I always put my jewelry aside. So I put my jewelry in the back seat. And I. Put all my clothes in my bags in the trunk. So when we got out, me and Joey, we got out, we got all the stuff out the trunk. We forgot to get out the backseat. Mm. Okay. I shouldn't have separated it, but I always like Yeah.


With my jewelry. 'cause it's expensive. Yeah. You know. And as a rapper, when I'm moving around, I had to have it. 'cause that's a part of the costume You. know what I'm saying? So somebody broke in a car and got it that night. And they, but, and the thing was, I was not set up that we seen it on camera. A man was going through each car door. Oh, okay. Oh, he get jackpot with your car. What are the eyes, y'all? I was hurt. And. I say when I, I woke up the next, didn't even realize it. I woke up the next day getting my hair done. I'm me and Joey being us. And I'm like, all right, I'm done. I'm about to go ready and go do an interview. I'm like, put my jewelry on. I'm like, so she comes back in like, I'm like, no, it, it has to be in there.


I went out there. Y'all just laid in the back seat, like no. Yeah. What the, that was so much jewelry. We talking about half carrot stones and whatever. Right. So that was the first time. The second time somebody just broke my house in August in Atlanta, I'm gone. But I got cameras because at the place before this place, somebody just kicked in my door at my townhouse when my son and my sister was there. When me and my child's father was gone to Jamaica, we uploaded it. Somebody tried to go in there, they didn't get in there 'cause they heard somebody. So now I'm on tip. I'm like, I need cameras. I need all this shit I need to see. So I got all my cameras, I leaves and get in the car from leaving one of my friend's birthday dinner.


We had no service down there. So you don't get it. But I came out in the car right on time. I get a alert. So I'm thinking it's probably just my, him walking in the house. Oh. Just see, I get a dare alert. One of them dares be walking past the cameras or whole And I check every last alert that comes through. I don't care. You Like, fuck that. What is it? That's me. So I checked it and it's three dudes running through my backyard. Y'all with guns? I said, what the fuck? I'm in the car. Right. I got my kids, I just strapped them in. I called Tracy. Hey the is at my house. He, I'm about to go get to go get them anyway. He nine minutes away. Right. Yeah. Because he a little, little, Yeah. Yeah. He fly to the house. So at the time I'm sitting here and I'm waiting to see like, did they get anywhere in else in the house?


All I got was that alert. So I have cameras in all the spots, but I didn't, I didn't get another alert. So I'm like, all right, maybe they can't get in there. Right. So I'm sitting here, I'm watching, they in my bedroom. Oh my God. I'm like what to do? What to do, what to do what To do what to do. Feel me? Because they gotta get the fuck outta my room Bro. Because I'm stressed out. Just I'm mad bro. Right. So I'm looking, I'm all like, man, I'm driving fast down Jefferson. I'm in Detroit. I can't get there. I'm just driving fast. Pissed. Like You went to, and it happened in Atlanta, but you driving fast, driving. Where the hell you going? I dunno, wherever I'm going, it's about to Go now. So I'm riding fast. My girl in the car. Ja, Ja. I'm like, call the police, tell him to go to my house. Tell to go to my house. But I forgot I could speak on the speaker.


I got that too. Camera. I got that too. Yeah. So now I'm like, they done got the crocodile, the ostrich. I said, oh no, no. Not the crocodile. Stop the cross. No. So I said, Hey y'all Better get the outta my House. Right. Y'all, I got the video, I'm gonna show y'all wan to the house. They stopped like they looked back. Them got the fuck on. One of em fell. I'm like, yeah you, He fell. Yes. You feel Me? He fell. But that still had my bag. Y'all Drop the crack. You better drop that crack Crack if you ain't gonna do the ostrich doodle crack running through the house. Running through the house. So by this time, baby daddy pulled up BBBB Pow out there.


They better. It's on the flow now. So they, they they getting shoe out. So they driving. They hit the corner. Police on their ass. So look y'all, I'm On they ass. You know. So the police, soon as they hit the corner, y'all The police on their ass. Right. I think I'm there. Think I'm she in Detroit. She in Detroit. Right. So they driving. They driving, they driving And, I. Guess the, they end up hitting a bump or something. But they couldn't get away from the police. Police. It's a long street to get to the freeway. So they didn't crash. Now one of 'em getting a shootout with the police critical condition. Dumb ass. And they, all of 'em in jail. Mm. But but look at God did get your croc Back?


No. 'cause I think they left them in the woods or something. Well, I got my crock back. But the ostrich and the white one, I ain't get back. Mm. You ain't go through the woods. They did the, the, the investigator did, but he didn't find, he didn't, he found the crop like closer to like down like it's like four or five houses. And it's like they was jumping fences and Oh, And. I'm like, well damn, what the fuck One Of them cops wives got that He got gotta go, go great Christmas gift, a Valentine's Day gift. Yes, it's Used. It's like what you do, you used like, but yeah, y'all, so, So for the regular folk out there that don't know a crock is about anywhere from 70 to 90,000. Resell is about buck 50. Not so, so even if it's you, it's still about a good $70,000.


At least $70,000. And. I was just like, damn man, that was a hard, that was a hard buy. Like you I was putting that. That's right. I was getting prepared for that one. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? You know we worked so hard for our things and people just come and try to take it instead of getting a job. If you put all your energy into getting your own, you wouldn't even be risking your life and your freedom to take somebody else's. Now we sitting around, like you said, camera system, dogs, training, All of that. I got train dogs. Now you come crazy's going At You know I'm saying, and now you can't even enjoy your vacation. You can't, it's like every alert on your phone. It's that it's so up and like, and like I gotta feel bad for being successful because you about to come try to take my, now I'm walking around with.


So does that make you wanna move out of Atlanta though? Yeah, I just did. You alright, so you did. You are. Yeah, Because look, they Broke.


The holidays are just around the corner. And if you anything like me, that means you'll be hosting all your family and friends. Whether it's making holiday cookies or getting your space ready for guests. The Home Depot has furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials at 40% off like the KitchenAid Artisan Sirius stand mixer. Not only does it look sharp on your kitchen counter, but it also got 10 speeds. A tilt back head for easy ingredient mixing and a five quart bowl that can whip up. Ready for this nine dozen cookies in one go. Enough for your entire family, friends, neighbors. Oh, and the big guy too. The KitchenAid Artisan series stand mixer comes with dough hooks, a wire whip, and a flat beater. So it can do a lot of really cool things. The holidays are happening at Home Depot, which means right now you can save up to 40% off select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials. So go to home depot.com to shop now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Now streaming on Prime video, you can Call me Detective Alex Cross Based on characters created by James Patterson. Detective Cross. You've been doing this a long time and you're the Best. And created by Ben Watkins. Multiple victims I connected to. This Comes a thrilling new series. He's a serial killer. I don't care for foot. This killer thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. There's a lot of sicks out there. He actually believes he's an artist. You're gonna be part of a masterpiece. This is the product of an unbelievable obsession. Aldi Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance. Again. 30 years known cross. I learned to trust his gut. Get inside his head, the clock's ticking. It was hitting my house. He messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. Do, you think you can stop him? I know I can cause I. know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime. Video watch now.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been. Because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


Black Friday is coming. And for the adults in your life who love the coolest toys, well there's something for them this year too. Artesian is the premier craft cocktail maker that automatically makes more than 60 seasonal and classic cocktails each and under 30 seconds at the push of a button. And right now Artesian is having a huge site-wide sale. You can get $100 off any cocktail maker or cocktail maker bundle when you spend $400 or more. So if the cocktail lover in your life has been good this year or the right kind of bad, get them artesian at the push of a button. Make bar quality cosmopolitans martinis, Manhattans and more. All in just 30 seconds. All for a hundred off. Amazing toys aren't just for kids. Get a hundred off a cocktail maker when you spend 400 through Cyber Monday. Visit artesian.com/cocktail. That's B-A-R-T-E-S-I-A n.com/cocktail.


Getting my mother house. Somebody broke in my car there. Somebody broke in my mailbox. I say yeah, I'm about to get, I'm breaking from his to broken your mailbox bitch. My American Express. Yeah. American Express dog. Right? Shout out To my business manager. Carrell. Yes, baby. All Shout out to them. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Cash do is in the building now. Jess. So You got a song on the album N wa featuring baby daddy. Yeah. So did y'all just break up? We did. I didn't wanna take him off. Alright, so This was, y'all already are. I hope you wouldn't have stood your baby Perry That I'm just saying. Right. I didn't wanna take him off. You know. Okay. Alright. That's still my friend. Okay. That's what I'm, I'm getting At You know because right now let's clear this up. Like, it's like a whole thing right now where people is like taking everything I'm saying in interviews and making it about him.


And it's not, it's just general. They, they'll, they'll ask me what I look for in men and I'll say, I want this, I want that. I want this. And then what? And when I say I don't want it, they'll be like, yeah, it's about him stuff. I'm not this and him. I have no problem. I'm not bitter. We're friends. I would like to keep it that way because it get to mess with him and it'll fucking our relationship. And we have kids. Yeah, right. You know what I'm saying? So it's no beef. I left him on there. Even in the clip of my rollout, he's still in there acting You know like I have no beef. That was a part of my life when I, when I created this, I was pregnant. We have two kids. Yeah, please Don. Don't have a problem hitting that man. I don't care. Yeah. Why didn't, why didn't it work between y'all two? Was it too much work? Was it relationship? Was it, and Was it mutual?


Like You know? Like did y'all both decide just to say no, it wasn't Okay. I ain't Gonna lie now. No. Wasn't mutual. What was the moment that you said that I don don't wanna do this anymore? 'cause we see y'all together so much. Y'all just, we Just, and that's what people gotta understand. You know. When you in a public relationship, when it breaks, people wanna know like, what the hell? It seems so good. You know. Yeah. But it's just things over time that just, it just ran its course for me. You know as women, we You know. We hold it down for a while. You know as far as like dudes like actually growing up. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Could it Be fixed though? 'cause dudes take a long time to grow up. Yeah, they Do. Yeah. You know what They, they do like they, they have to realize a lot of times what they lost or what they could lose to be like, You know what I need to fix the F Up.


But if you don't never realize it, it's how you handle it too. You know what I'm saying? Because people can handle it where you like. All right. But if you make a situation worse, it's kind of like you don't give a fuck. Yeah. All right. I gotta do what's best for me. And right now that's just where we at. I gotcha. You. know what I'm saying? I'm focused on me. I gave that a lot of me and now I owe myself a lot. Yeah. You know and it's no beef. I don't feel no type of way about him. I'm not dissing him. I'm not gonna do that with somebody I was just laying with for four years. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like what that say about me. It is just, is what it is. And, I'm glad this is a perfect place for me to clear it up because this is a perfect look. Yeah. Okay. That's Right. So I'm glad that this opportunity presented itself because it was just bothering me here because they're making it and he's feeding it to it.


And I'm like, no, it's not that course. And I'm not about to explain this because it's just like before my baby daddy was my song. When I was with me, I'm on a boat on a yacht with him talking my baby daddy. And he'll say shut up. But now if I'm singing it, oh she's singing this to Tracy and now he's like, you this and me. And I amm like no Hurts. It hurts him. 'cause yeah, that's how we know it ain't mutual. Oh you gonna sit all go. Yeah. I'm gonna send my to, but no, it's All love You know. I'm glad to see that You know it's two x That can still work together though. Yeah. Because like y'all do have two kids, so I know. I know. Although the breakup wasn't mutual, it's still good to see that. You still saying No, there's no problem. There's no problem. You don't even want nobody to think it's a problem. It's A problem. Don't create that in my, this is my personal life.


These my kids' father, this is their other parent. I don't want no smoke with them. Please stop it. Yeah. Stop. So you about to go on tour too? Hell Yeah. I'm Outside. I know it's outside. Stay outside. You outside. Okay. How are you gonna balance that with baby Clarity? She's brand New. Okay. So this is how I, this is what I came up so far in December. I got four dates. That's cool. They spread it apart in January. I have like two. So cool. I'm, they can stay at home. I'll probably bring 'em out to the Detroit show. Okay. But in February that's when they back to back to back to back, back, back, back. So I'm thinking one week on, one week off. One week on. One week off. Okay. Because it's overwhelming when my kids is around while I'm working. Yeah. It's, yeah, I know that could be a lot right?


Yep. And you got two little ones. How old are Because cashing running. Yeah, cashing he'll be three in January and clarity is five months. So it's A lot. They demand a lot of Attention. Yes. But I have my two beautiful sisters. I want to give a great shout out to my, my pumpkin and shiny Bonnie. Like one is 30 and one is 20. And when I say that is my lifeline, without them girls, I would not even be right here today. 'cause they got them. That's what it is. You know. So I'm so grateful for my, your village sisters. Like my village, my mom, my best friend. Everybody that sunshine, everybody that even my team, like when they come, they'll just be holding them and letting me do me like that is so important.


You. know what I'm saying? And I'm just grateful for everybody that helped me with my kids. They are my sisters is my girls right there. They get on my nerves a little bit, but they're my girls. Yeah. You know. They, they allow me to move around like I need to. Yeah. And, I can trust them with my kids. 'cause it takes a lot to just leave 'em and to actually trust people with you. You Think about 'em the whole time. Like I Need to get back to Yeah. It's like I know they good. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? You talking about that earlier about the village? Yep. Without that village, you in trouble. Especially listen, you need, it's hard aunties and uncles and yo take care of this Me as matter of fact actually I'm taking your ass to court. You a auntie and you don't wanna watch these money. I'm taking your ass to court. Come on, let's go. That's right. That's Right. Now do you, you prefer music or acting? I Love both.


I just think acting just because of the stability, right? Yeah. You ain't gotta travel as much. Like with music, you gotta travel, travel, travel. When you acting You know you stationed in one spot. Correct. So like when we filmed BMF, I was stationed there for like six months. You know. So now I have a routine. I know what days I go in. I know what's going on. I can God take my vitamins in the morning. My skincare routine. Eat diet. Right? Yeah. You know because when you on a damn go all that, everything is Yep. It's no routine. It's hard to keep a routine. You losing shoes at one spot, You know, you feel me? So I think that's the reason. But if it wasn't like anything that had to do with like traveling and stuff like that, I'll say both of them. Right. Yeah. And how was shooting BMF? How, how was that? Because I mean, you, you lived the story. I mean, you're from there.


Yeah. From the, you've seen it. You've seen it from the, from the top to the bottom. Yeah. You know, You know stories that we probably don't know. I wish, but y'all know I was a little, I was a ink little girl when BMF was out. So when, when they was doing that. But as I got older I heard a lot about them like damn You know. But that was a great experience to be a part of it and be from the D and like even in this whole moment of Detroit, like the, the lion's going crazy right now. Yeah. Like Detroit rap on the scene. It's like I'm just happy to be living in the moment of all of the Detroit love that's happening. Right. Because I feel like we was real underrated for It's about time. Very long Time. So I'm just happy to be a part of and then to be the chick from the D's, I'm happy as so that was a great opportunity.


You know. How did you link up with 50 to get a role in BMF? I ain't even link up with him. It's so funny 'cause I always wanted to work with 50. 'cause he's just, yeah, a pi like amazing. He's a, he's amazing. So I always wanna work with him. I used to send him videos in his DM of me acting doing dumb. I'm telling you put me on there, mom. No, he never, he still, I don't even think he ever opened them ever. And he know me. Yeah. So, but I was like, when I heard that BMFI was with Joey and Lawrence at the time. Okay. And they sent it in like they looking for some people at BMF. I'm like, hell yeah, that's, I'm about to do this or whatever. Right. So Lawrence already knew how to make the tapes. It was around Covid. So at this time it was no like going into stuff.


Yeah. You use cell tape. You cell tape. Yeah. So Lawrence like, I got you. Yeah. So me and Lawrence, we did our big one. We did our biggest one. So we sent in one and they was like, well send in one for this row. So we did it over and we sitting around anticipating me, him and Joey, I'm out in California. They was like, yeah, Fe said he gonna call you himself And. I'm like, all right. So I'm like, I hope he about to just tell me You, know what I'm saying? And then on my birthday, November the fourth, I'm gonna, no, my dad's birthday, November the fourth 50 called me You know I be sad 'cause my dad died or whatever. So on my birthday, he called me You know. And he was like, yeah Cass, you got it. And I'm like, I got what? Like don't play with me. Like my, my heart beating fast You know what I'm saying? Like you got the roll. I'm like, shut the fuck. I'm like, I'm about to get up 50. You won't even know.


Like I was so excited. And that's what's up I lady there and just was like, wow, that's crazy. He called on my dad's birthday. That's amazing. And ever since that's been my dog, but he changed his number and I'm out for his ass. He always doing something though. Okay ladies And gentlemen, Cashel, we appreciate you for joining us. I like you girl. And don't be a stranger. Love you too. I'm not Be a stranger coming back. Alright, good. It's Cash Doll. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to Jess with the Mess. Music Moore just don't do no lying. Don't nobody Jess worldwide on The.


Breakfast Club. She's the cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it on. All right, so Ray J says why his phone won't stop ringing. So footage from the TMZ documentary TMZ presents the downfall of Diddy inside the Freak Offs hit the internet. Right? And then a clip of the doc Ray j reveals that he knows who was at the Freak Offs and what was going on. You know people who have been approached by women, men, whatever, who have said, give me money. And I won't talk. Here's the other way around that Harvey, I'll give you money. Please don't talk. You are a well connected guy.


Do You know that what you've just described, is that going on now? Yes. They want to talk to me about what happened to them. They call me. They feel like they can trust me. Wait a minute. Calling you for What? Because they wanna tell me about certain things that happened with them. And Diddy Are these high profile people calling you because they've had some affiliation with Diddy that they don't want to come out and they think you might be the vessel for it coming out. Yes. That's exactly what I'm saying. And I Don't even know why I just said it, but I said it. So, so what? Okay. When the Feds call you after to come testify, when the feds come to your house, Ray J and want to go through your phones and your computer You know.


You know. That's right. Don't say you was playing. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I don't know why he putting himself out there like that. Acting like he knows so much And it's so hard to, to distinguish the difference if, if Ray J is serious or he, if he's just Ray J Well, They gonna come check to figure it out. Yeah. They gonna come check Fed to figure it Out. You said You know something. What? You know. Yeah. What You know. Okay, good. All right. That's what's up. Maybe we can get Lauren to reach out to them when they, when they figure it out, we going to know. Yeah. They They gonna, they definitely gonna up, they gonna check, they gonna check his phones, his computers, all that. That's what's up. Alright. Shine also spoke on Diddy. So he sat down at the Tamron Hall show and during their conversation he clarified his relationship with Diddy. They don't have No Shine audio. No Shine audio. Going once, going twice.


Okay. No audio Shine. All right. So we're gonna move on to Meek Mill. He speaks about the breakup with did. Oh, you got it, Sean. Okay. Alright. Well let's go back to Sean. Rewind. There's A clip of Sean Combs calling you his brother. Yeah. And people are questioning the relationship. I wish I was his brother in, in 2000 when we were on trial. And I. I wish I I wish I was his brother for the last You know, 26 years when You know my mom who is here with me, never got any assistance. Nobody ever, he never helped to, to dry her tears. Why did you agree to go on with him at the Beauty? 'cause I moved on. So you don't, you don't live in those spaces.


The documentary was very, the documentary, the documentary was very emotionally draining. Yeah. Because you can't tell the story. You can't say, Hey, shine is the next prime minister of Belize and he's done this great turnaround without showing all of the failure. That is, that was a great question. Tamron Hall asked though, because I mean, that is everybody's question. Right? What was that? If you knew, if you felt like he was such a bad person, why even reconcile with him later on? Yeah. You can let it go. But that don't mean you gotta be on stage with him kicking it with him. Smiling with him. Well, well, he said he, he did it for his country of Belize. He said he did the BET show because when he was performing, they had the big flag that came down to show the You know the Belize flag.


It was an Opportunity to put And he did it as an opportunity Yeah. To put on for his country of Belize. I mean, people, people do things differently. I mean, if I feel like I didn't shoot anybody and possibly you did it and your witnesses told on me, I don't know if I can ever forgive doing what? How, how, how long was he spending in jail? 10 years, 12 years? I couldn't forgive that. That's my family. That's my mom crying Between me. And I would've said that back then though. Hell with this whole not snitching thing. Okay. We give the damn. I didn't do, yeah. I didn't do a goddamn thing. All right. That was him, Sean. Right. Whoever. Sean, I'm not taking no time for You said I I've snitched 10 years ago. I I I'm not gonna be mad 'cause I made a choice. He made a choice not to tell.


Absolutely. You are right. He said it wasn't supposed to be about that though. It was supposed to have been about his, his country. So Yeah. I do wanna see the dock. Is the doc out yet The downfall of Diddy? The T MZ one? No. Oh no. Oh, Sean Sean's doc. Oh, Sean documentary. Oh, okay. We, I can look that up. But before I do, meek Mill speaks about the breakup with Diddy. It's a video that hit break with did No listen guys, please Don't wrong with Don't Child, don't be childish. Don't be childish. You it in the video. You it shut up in the video. He's making it clear that he's no longer affiliated with his boo. Oh wait. Let's see. Real nigga. No. Diddy Gang. Meek Million Real life ever disrespect me.


Talk that Meek. Yeah, meek. That's how I be my exes too. I be like, nope. I'm not even ready to do it. Nope, I'm not. I'm not. The internet did a number on Meek Boy because nobody was even talking about it. You just volunteered. No. Did again, like Know the guy came up to him just like, Hey Meek, what's up? No, he Stay off the comment. I haven't even heard Meek associated with this situation in a while. It's been Quiet. Long time. It's been quiet for him. Yeah. Why? I don't know. Because it's on his mind. Mind. It Probably irksome. He probably, he feels like he ain't got nothing to do with it. Keep me away from it. Why? Y'all keep joking and mentioning me? Yeah. Don't even bring it up Meek. Yep. I promise you if you ignore it, it'll fade away. These people do it because it messes with they know it. Messes with it bothers you.


And when the video hit the blogs, Diddy son Justin showed his disappointment by commenting, shaking my head with the emoji with his hand over his face. So his Diddy kid is getting fed up with these people. They are. He's getting fed. That's his pop. Absolutely. You understand Why? Well, I think it's also because these are people that they probably like saw around all they've Been around all the time down to the Crib. They was really, really partners You know. Yep. So that is just what the mess for this hour. Yo. Thank you G Charlamagne. Who we giving that down? Katu Man. Four after the hour is a bunch of names that I can't pronounce, but that's not new. But we're going to, we're gonna discuss the fact of why I believe the universe is segregated and why aliens don't want to use the same bathrooms as us.


Aliens use the bathroom, We'll discuss. All Right. And then after that, just fix my mess. So if you're having relationship issues or relationship problems, you can get on the phone lines right now. (800) 585-1051. Just fix my mess. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same. You trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne. Some donkey days just sold themselves. Been watching Charla, man. What's ready Forkey Donkey? I never heard Old Donkey other day. What is it to Donkey? Say it again. Charlamagne. I'm a donkey. Yes, you are a donkey. Donkey. Everything Charlamagne is saying is true.


Yes, dog. Here today for Thursday, November 14th goes the 26-year-old. Woo. It's gonna take some time. Ruben Tam Ian, 39-year-old Rokinon, 3-year-old VA Morad Kaan. Oh, this is good. And 39-year-old Alphia Zuckerman. Mm. Oh, you got that one. He got excited about that one. Got some names On. Yeah. I have no idea what these people's nationality are, but if President Trump sees those names, they getting deported. Okay. They sound like first round deportation picks to me. But that's not why we here today. We are here to discuss how there is no way in hell humans are the most intelligent life form in all the universes.


Okay? Humans aren't even the most intelligent life form here on Earth. It's just not possible. Yesterday Congress heard more testimony about UFO sightings and what the government may or may not know about them. How about our government needs to keep studying humans right here on this planet. Okay. Because we don't know much about them either because let me tell you why these four individuals are getting donkey today. See, they were arrested after they allegedly staged bear attacks. What do you mean Uncle Sharla? These individuals stage bear attacks. Well, let's go to KTLA five for the report please. Surveillance video shows what looks like a bear breaking into a Rolls Royce and tearing up the interior. But after closer inspection, investigators determined it was nothing more than a man in a bear suit.


Now four men are under arrest for insurance fraud after they use the video to place a claim. To make matters worse, well detectives found two additional insurance claims with two different insurance companies on the same date of loss and at the same location In total, insurance companies were defrauded of more than $141,000. Detectives executed a search warrant at the home of one of the suspects and found the tattered bear suit complete with metal claws. The in a rolls. In a rolls in A roll. Okay. What? Please do yourself a favor and go watch the video. First of all, when you watch the video, you see someone in a bad suit open the car door.


They weren't even smart enough to just simply have the window of the car down and make it seem like a bad put his body You know in the window, this fool open the car door like a human would and just started searching through the car like he was looking for his phone. And you trying to convince me that humans are the most intelligent lifeguard created. Yeah. I, okay. Not to mention, multiple claims were filed for the same location on the same date. All four of the claimants provided video footage to their insurance companies of a supposed bed damaging the interior of their vehicles. And all the videos were in the exact same location outside of the exact same residence. Okay. Other than buying the costume and cosplaying and smokey to bear, y'all didn't even try.


And what makes this situation even silly is the claims were made on what I believe to be luxury vehicles envy. Tell me if these cars are luxurious. Yes. Okay. Okay. 2022 Mercedes E three 50. Yes. Okay. 2015 Mercedes G six 3:00 AM G. Yes. A 2010 Rolls Royce Ghost. Yes Sir. These are the cars you damaging and claiming damages on. Now if y'all got these kinds of vehicles, then what the hell you committing fraud for? Right? I know what you thinking. Well, maybe that's why they can afford these kinds of vehicles because they are members of the scam tank clan and that's how they make their money. I disagree. I don't know what any of these individuals do for a living, but if they can afford those kinds of vehicles, if they are driving those kinds of cars, then they don't need to be committing fraud in any way, shape, or form.


Collectively, they defrauded insurance companies for $141,839 and they have each been charged with insurance fraud and conspiracy. And you wonder why the extraterrestrials don't interact with us earthly. This is why the Sola system is segregated and we don't even realize it. But Earth is in the idiots only section. These highly intelligent beings from other planets and solar systems that they was talking about in Congress yesterday, they don't wanna share no water fountain with us.


The Holidays are just around the corner. And if you anything like me, that means you'll be hosting all your family and friends, whether it's making holiday cookies or getting your space ready for guests. The Home Depot has furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials at 40% off like the KitchenAid Artisan Sirius stand mixer. Not only does it look sharp on your kitchen counter, but it also got 10 speeds. A tilt back head for easy ingredient mixing. And a five quart bowl that can whip up. Ready for this nine dozen cookies in one go. Enough for your entire family, friends, neighbors. Oh, and the big guy too. The KitchenAid Artisan Series stand mix. It comes with dough hooks, a wire whip, and a flat beater. So it can do a lot of really cool things. The holidays are happening at Home Depot, which means right now you can save up to 40% off select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials. So go to Home depot.com to shop now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple called Play and a panoramic moon roof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-Wheel Drive, the Kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Now streaming on Prime video You can Call me Detective Alex Cross Based on characters created by James Patterson. Detective Cross, you've been doing this a long time and you're the best. And created by Ben Watkins, Multiple victims I connected to. This Comes a thrilling new series. He's a serial killer. I don't care for foot. This killer thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. It's a lot of sickos out there. He actually believes he's an artist. You're gonna be part of a masterpiece. This is the product of an unbelievable obsession. Aldis Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance again. 30 years known cross, I learned to dress his gut against inside inside's head. The clock's ticking. It was hitting my house. He messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. Do, you think you can stop him? I know I can cause I. know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime. Video watch now.


Hey Pam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been. Because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


Black Friday is coming. And for the adults in your life who love the coolest toys, well there's something for them this year too. Artesian is the premier craft cocktail maker that automatically makes more than 60 seasonal and classic cocktails each and under 30 seconds at the push of a button. And right now Barian is having a huge site-wide sale. You can get $100 off any cocktail maker or cocktail maker bundle when you spend $400 or more. So if the cocktail lover in your life has been good this year, or the right kind of bad, get them artesian at the push of a button. Make bar quality cosmopolitans martinis, Manhattans and more. All in just 30 seconds. All for a hundred off. Amazing toys aren't just for kids. Get a hundred off a cocktail maker. When you spend 400 through Cyber Monday. Visit artesian.com/cocktail. That's B-A-R-T-E-S-I-A n.com/cocktail.


And I, don't blame them. Please give these names. I can't pronounce the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons Bon you of the day. You the doggy of the day. Heehaw The bed costume ain't even legit. It just looked like French Montana and a fur coat. It looked like French Montana in a fur coat getting inside his rolls. Roy searching for his phone. So If you was out there, you wouldn't, you would've immediately known it wasn't a bear. I don't know if I would immediately know I would. I would've glance And I. Like, ain't that bear moving like a human You. know what I'm saying?


You Say was looking like he was looking for his phone. Yes. Look at the video. Heop. He opens the car door. I beg you to differ. Oh Lord. I'm looking at it now. Right now. I show You know you aint the brightest show a video of a bear trying to open a car door using his paw and pulling the actual door Handle. Oh yo. Yeah, he did it. And it's a real bear. He did yo. Yeah, he checking him like he looking. What do you mean just stuff to steal? What? It's a, it's a black bear. It's a video of a bear. And he actually is pulling the car door handle like he's a human. That's the same video. Justin. That's not the video. Not he's showing you the video. That's not the same video. No it's not. That's a random bed. That's Tennessee. Different. But that's different. That bed took some time to do that.


The bed. It can open the door. Man, look at the other video. And You know what, that's why you be getting caught in a situation. You get caught in right there because you're dumb. Damn. I'm telling you bands do that. You don't man. No. Not like don't. Y'all got got They don't do it like that. Go watch the video with a guy broke into the car. You'll see the Difference. New York and New Jersey Bears is different than your beds because these beds be opening. This bear got Tims on and he open, he's actually opening the doors. His Beds Up here. If the bag got timms on, it's not a real bear jersey. Oh my God. I'm joking About the Timms. Oh, we don't know when you're joking or not. We've learned that over the last couple of years. Not the brightest we don. Oh wow. We just don't assume you're joking, sir. Jesus Christ. Okay, if I'm not the body, he's not the bodies either. My pants be opening the doors. You need a helmet. Right? It's been proven.


Remember the last time you said about that? What'd that kid do to you? What Put you to your, he almost killed your ass, Man. What are you talking about? That was in school. Knock it off. A kid with a helmet. Yo. City. See what school you? You see what school you Was in? Yes. Absolutely. X. Just fix My car. You know my nickname for NB. Oh. Little Red Riri. Low red riri. That's what I call, I'm Not messing with y'all Today. Just Fix my mess. 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. Just fix my, you see what school he Was in, right? Little Fred. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast. Club.


Tell up baby. It's the real deal. Help me. Help me. Oh my God. I'm all up in your mess. I'm gonna fix it. Fix it, fix it, Fix it. Just gonna fix your mess. Because my advice is real Morning everybody, it's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. It's time for just fix my mess. Hello? Who's this? Yo, I'm calling Anonymous anonymously out of Ohio. All right. Anonymous out of Ohio. You just could have made up a name, but we gonna rock with you. What's your question, bro? I mean, I would love to promote myself, but because of my question, I'm like cool on it. My question for Jet is, first of all, thank you for what y'all do for the culture.


Appreciate y'all. My question is, my girlfriend went out all night and stayed out all night. I know what I could assume, but I'm wondering if maybe I'm tripping. Okay. Well did you ask her where she was? I mean she, your girlfriend, y'all lived together. You have more than enough right to ask her where she was. Just hilarious. Okay. Alright. Well she got her own crib. I have an apartment. I asked her where she was. She said she went out to dinner with her friend and then she said she stayed with her homegirl all night. But I'm like you 29 years old. Who's doing sleepovers? The slumber party? Yeah. I use that one many a time in my day.


But do You know that home girl? I don't know her Home girl. You don't know how long y'all been together? Just like three months. Three months? Okay. Yeah. So y'all still in the probationary period? Nah, she wasn't Where her home girl. Did you talk to her throughout that period? Like did she call you? Did you call her? Were y'all texting? Did y'all, were y'all communicating? And then it stopped outta nowhere. Well, she's really good at checking in and all that. But I was asleep 'cause I I, I go to sleep early. I wake up early. So as a matter of fact, I told her, I was like, don't worry about me tonight 'cause I'm asleep. Oh, You the perfect person to cheat on. I know that's right. Damn Jesus Christ I don. I don't wanna have to worry about it You know what I'm saying? I want to be able to sleep.


And, I have to worry about all that stuff. Yeah. I was like, I said don't worry about coming to the crib because I'm gonna be asleep. Okay, but that didn't mean stay out all night. Stay out all night. No, for sure. Yeah. Well I I don't think she was at her home girl house. But that's me projecting. 'cause I I, when I used that, I wasn't at my home girl house and Yeah, at a certain age you just don't do sleepovers unless it's a planned girls night out where you're going to stay with your girls. So had that conversation with her. That's let her know that you, you feeling some type of way about it. I ain't gonna say leave her, but just definitely let her know that you think it's something you on tour. Hey, I already told her I can't move forward in a relationship, but thank you.


No problem Man. Y'all, y'all the stuff. Appreciate you. Thank you babe. Alright, just fix my mess. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Hit us up. Now it's The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning. X about me. Relationship problems, X about me. You Need to beat your coworker's ass. Ask about me. Your coworker need to beat your ass. Call it up then. Dr. Jess, I'm here to fix your mess. Fix your mess. It's getting very much messy. Let me fix it. Morning everybody. It's djj. nv. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. It's time for Jess. Fix my mess. Hello. Who's this? Hi, my name's Rosie from Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. Hey Rosie from pa. What's your question for Jess? Hi Jess.


Also, I wanna say congratulations. Thank you babe. No problem. But my relationship question or fix my mess is not dealing with a spouse or anything. It's more so with my father. Okay. And do you have any advice for me to get over the fact that he does not want a relationship with me? So he still currently does not want a relationship with you. How old are you? I am 28. I tried to rekindle our relationship maybe like two days ago and he just shooted me away and locked the door on that.


Damn. Okay. Have you ever had a relationship with him or has it is never been a relationship with your dad? It's always been rocky, but I became a first time mom last year. So congratulations. I'm realizing and how much it hurts that he's not in my life. Yeah, because you want your dad to be a part of your child's life as him or her granddad. Right. Is or her granddad. Right? Yeah. Yeah. I would suggest therapy. But if he, if he's not even open to having a conversation with you, that's something that he has to work on. It is, I promise you it's not you. It's definitely him. Have you talked to your mom about anything?


Like has like what transpired with them? Yeah. I talk to my mom every day. They're divorced. Mm. So they were married. They, they, they were married. It wasn't like a, a situation where it was like a one night stand and then you happened to or whatever. Like they were in a full blown marriage. Yeah, yeah. No. And also my father remains a relationship with one of my siblings but not me. Mm. So it kind of makes you feel like, what did I do? Why am I not worthy of that daddy daughter relationship? I definitely understand it. That's something that he has to work on. You know, I I get it. You only gonna have one dad. You only have one mom. You know And he can't make another you, he can make another child but he can't make another you.


But you can't make someone have a relationship with you. And I know it hurts. But if, like I said, if he's not open to having any, if even a conversation with you, it'll probably be even more of a struggle to get him into a therapy session. But that's what I do suggest. I'm sorry about that. Okay. Well thank you. Yes. I'm in therapy myself. I'm not sure for him, but yeah, we'll listen To that. But that's all you can do. That's all you can do is work on yourself and and be the parent that he wasn't for you, for your child. You know. And that's exactly what I am. Yes, thank You. No problem. Feel better babe. Thank you for your time and also again congratulations on your newborn.


Thank you honey. Alrighty. That's just fixed my mess. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we have just with the mess coming up. Yes. I'm trying to figure out how two achieves players got their house burglarized within hours of the same. Within the same, like the same day. Sound like a scam. I Was app apart. Yeah, that's what it sound like. You Dressed like a bear. The person that burglarized. No, we gonna get into it though. All We'll get into when we come back. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Oh You. know who the biggest instigator is. Charlemagne. I just You know. Not that I just realized that, but I just confirmed You are the biggest. Yes. You all I can. I encourage y'all to get mentally healthy and to turn to God. That's what I be encouraging people to do. That's what I instigate. Mm. Okay. You ever check yourself with bipolar?


'cause like some days you be on that and then some days you just be the biggest Instigator. You know what's so crazy how you used to get slapped in the nineties? Who? Who? Who? Wow. I'm not messing with him Today. Nobody got more fake war. Thug stories than envy. You hear me? Right? Oh my God. I got no stories. Am I Lying? I was A cat. I wasn't there. I was. The Catholic school would always press somebody. I never press nobody. You always pull his hand out. I'm a good guy. Never. Nobody Knows those things but him. Nope. Yo, I was a good gentleman. don. Don't know what you're talking about. Nobody around. There's no witnesses. What you saying? I'm a father of six. A husband. A god-fearing man. I don't know what this gentleman is talking about.


That's right. Don't judge me on the past. Judge me on now in the future. You Don't have a past. You just said You don't have. Exactly. That's what I'm talking about. Yeah, he can't even help himself now. He about to tell a lie right Now. I went to Catholic school. I don't know what you're talking about sir. Okay, let's get started. All right, let's get to Jess with the mess y'all. So right now You know what? Oh my God. Yeah, I heard that rumor too. You Ain't getting that one. Damn Moore. Jess. Don't do no lying. Don't spell nobody Worldwide. Just worldwide on The. Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She Was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see.


It's time to set it on. All right, so Patrick Mahomes and Travis Kelsey robbed back in October. Patrick Mahomes is house was burglarized, to be specific. It happened on October 6th at his home in Belton, Missouri. Right. And what makes it crazy is that less than 48 hours later, Travis Kelsey home was burglarized. And Travis lives in Leewood, Kansas, which is about 20 minute drive from each other. All right. So he lives, so for those who don't know Missouri and Kansas, they're two different states obviously, but they are like within minutes of each other, whatever, Like New York and New Jersey, I'm assuming. Absolutely right? Yep, yep, yep. So Patrick and Chow, Patrick and Travis, they haven't spoke on it until now in a press conference.


Patrick spoke lightly on it. Patrick, just your first reaction, I know it's been over a month since this happened, this burglary, but your first reaction when you realized you're part of this sort of targeting situation that happened? Yeah, I mean obviously it's, it's frustrating is disappointing. I mean, I can't get into too many of the details 'cause the investigation's still ongoing. But obviously something that you don't want to happen to, to really anybody, but obviously yourself. We know this happened midnight on, on the Sunday morning before that Monday night football game. Were you or your family? Were you guys home? Yeah. I can't, I can't speak too much about the, the details of everything just with the investigation going on. But I'm sure at some point that will, that will be talked about.


I'm shocked that happened 48 hours later. Yeah. Yeah. Because I would think, like, you would think it would happen on a game day because everybody know exactly what it had. But that's what he said. He said it happened the night of money. He said the other one happened 48 hours later. Yeah, that was, yeah. Not even 40 hours, 48 hours later. Yeah, Probably because they traveling. That's, that's the sad thing about a lot of these, these basketball players, NBA players and, and football players, hockey players, baseball players, they home. They know when they're traveling. 'cause you can just check the schedule. You know. Yep, That Is true. They also can afford 24 hour 7, 24 hour seven day week security too though. Yeah, Absolutely. Har yeah. Especially, especially Travis right now, extra girlfriend for it. It don't matter. Like, it, it don't matter your girlfriend, it's something you, you can afford it. But I'm gonna tell you, just for the record, Patrick don't look like he sound like that.


I didn't know that he sounded that way. Wait a minute. He's biracial. Okay. No. So he can tap in and tap out at any moment. Okay. Because he can be negro and he can be be Caucasian. All right. That was his Caucasian side. I see, I see. Child, You do the suspect challenge and tell on himself one side, tell on another side. Martin Lawrence on future projects. So he sat down with Jennifer Huss on her show and during the interview they spoke on some of his upcoming projects. One of your daughters is dating Eddie Murphy's son. Yeah. Wow. Woo. And he's, he's a, he's a great young man. I Love that for them. Yeah. We let them do their own thing and make, make their choices and stay out of their business and let them find their way. Just Thinking of you at Eddie Murphy, do y'all have any movies in the works coming together?


Some Eddie's working on something he, he told me about. I don't know the name of it right now, but, but there's something, we are working on something. Oh, that's How we want to hear. Is it a sequel to Blue Streak? Yeah. Yeah. We're gonna do sequel to Blue Streak. Don't do that. We're writing it right now and I don't, I all, I don't understand how it can be a sequel, but that's one of my favorite Martin movies. So I'm just going Blue, blue Streak. Yep. And National Security. But I, I don don't know. We it could Be, I thought he was talking about him and Eddie. I I would like to see a life too. Right. But it would have to be Oh wow. Their, their, their last days after they got outta prison because You know they didn't probably live that much longer. Yeah. But just to see what they did when they got out prison.


Remember they, they stayed, went To a baseball Game. That's what I'm saying. What else did they do? Oh, okay. That would be funny. They died. That's, They did die. You know they died. But, but how, what did they do in their last days out? Right. Yeah. That would be fun to watch. Well, hopefully we get that too. Keani addresses rumors. So Keilani is currently in court going through a legal battle with her baby daddy. If you remember a few months ago, he had made some allegations against Keilani claiming that she was endangering their child. He was mad after she made us all believe he was gay. So he said Keilani was in a cult and the cult was convincing her to make poor decisions around their child's wellbeing. Now some of the court documents are circulating in another allegation is that Keilani has an appropriate relationship with their daughter because she suggested that they were married in her past life, her and her daughter.


And she took to Instagram. What? I know that, that's, that's what it is. So she had took Instagram to post like screenshots of her and her baby daddy's text messages like to 'cause he all, so she went to a person that specializes in people's past life. Right. And she was just joking around and you can tell in the text messages that she was just playing and joking. But he had, she claims that he altered the text messages to make it seem like You know. Like he was basically baiting her into telling him everything that she's doing to endanger the child. But like if you read them, I'm gonna just read one. This is something that she said she was telling him that the lady told her, she said she got eaten by a shark in her previous life and after that she got shot off the boat by some Spaniards.


Dang. Like this is all what she says. LOL off while she got laughing emojis. And then in the at point in the conversation she says all these people probably lying. I don't know, You know what I'm saying? So, but he deleted some of his responses. He deleted the LOL and deleted the Yeah, so he's, his responses are like, oh brother gotta be way more skeptical of these people. What information did she use to reach that conclusion? But you can tell like he altered them or whatever. Right? So, and my thing is she could have just posted her side of it to see what he deleted, but she said she don't have to do that online. She's handling everything in court in Right. But some things she just wanted to come online to, to prove, because this is asinine, this is ridiculous.


So yeah, they're gonna be battling that in court. More, more updates coming on that. That's Jess with the mess. Alright, well thank you Jess. Now up next we got the People's Choice Mix. Get your request in right now. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The, Breakfast, Club. Reminding you guys this weekend Jess is gonna be out in DC I'm gonna be in DC at Warner Theater. The show starts at seven, the doors open up at six. Also DJ Quicksilver will be opening the show from six to seven. Get there, feel the vibes. Get your drinks before me and Desi come out on the stage.


Get your tickets@livenation.com or Warner theater dc.com. Or if you on my website, jesse arts official.com. I will see you tomorrow DC And then Saturday I have a, a movie premiere. My brother Dei is dropping his movie, his second movie and he's the writer of it director and everything. And I'm in the movie. So we Is that the one on Peacock? No, no, no. The one on Peacock. I'm actually executive producer of I forgot that. So yeah. Hey He I hate, I love You. It's streaming now on Peacock. You can watch it right now. After you finish listening to The Breakfast Club, you can go on there and watch it and let me know your feedback And my comments. The beauty of that is you get, you meet people where they are. So you got one movie on Peacock.


Yeah. Another one on two. You covering so much ground you. Is that you, is That a compliment or not? That's what you A compli a compliment. That's what I'm saying. I keep telling him Stop mentioning Tuby y. What's wrong With Tuby? Yeah, because we focusing on Peacock right now. Y'all. I'm moving, I'm moving up but But Dei is on Tuby. Why you guys saying like that? Because I Like Tubie. Okay, you was once on Tuby. I am on there. You see On BBC Plus. You on Peacock now. There you go. HB Om everywhere y'all, you Fox. Stop playing with me, You brown. Alright, when we come back, we got the positive notice. The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Nv, just hilarious. Charmine the guy. We are The Breakfast Club.


Now salute to Cash. DOL for joining us this morning. Cash Doll. Her new album. The Last Doll comes out Tomorrow. That's right, it's out tomorrow. Sam Mad I missed Cash Doll Man. Salute to Cash Doll. Yeah, Salute to Cash Doll. Now you got a positive. No Char Mima. I do. I wanna tell everybody I'm gonna be back on the Daily Show tonight man. So make sure you check that out on Comedy Central. And also I want to just thank the city of Newark, New Jersey, man. Yesterday was the grand opening of our legal dispensary in Newark, New Jersey called Astoria. The grand opening started at 11:00 AM 'cause those are the hours. 11:00 AM to 7:00 PM and man it was crazy. It was a movie out there, a SLU to everybody who pulled up man. It was literally a line down the block from 11:00 AM till You know We closed at 7:00 PM at night. So dope, dope, dope. Salute everybody at Astoria.


7, 9, 9. Broad thank you. 7 9, 9 Broad Street, Newark, New Jersey. Illegal dispensary in Newark. Okay, it's been a long process. Took us four years to get this thing off the ground, but we open now. So we appreciate your business and support. There you go. Now the positive note is simply this surrender and let go of the past. Okay? Whatever life takes away from you, let it go. When you surrender and let go of the past, you allow yourself to be fully alive in the moment. Letting go of the past means that you can enjoy the dream that is happening right now. Y'all have a great day. Breakfast Club bitches do. I'm finished or y'all done.


Chba looking for excitement. Chumba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere, play on the train, play at the store, play at home, play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for? Don't delay Chumba. Casino is free to play experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the Chumba life at Chumba Casino dot com. Pgw group. No purchase necessary void, word prohibited by law. Seek terms and conditions.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly, feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


Hey, it's me, Tyler. Both open earbuds are stylish. The color the way it looks, it looks almost like a earring. You know. So I feel like I could go with anything. My style is very fun. I feel like I always look like I'm on holiday. I just really like playing around with it and tying it to the music. So yeah, I really feel like the music I'm making right now feels like a holiday. So I wanna look like it too. Check out bowls.com for more.


The holidays are in full swing at Home Depot. If you wanna make the most of your time with your family, they have everything you need. Like the KitchenAid Artisan sir stand mixer with 10 speeds and a five quart bowl that can whip up a nine yes, nine dozen cookie at once. That helps me out. You know I got six kids, so I need more than nine cookies, but plenty for everyone. Even the big guy. Get a gift, the whole family can gather around. Enjoy up to 40% off. Select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials at the Home Depot. Shop now@homedepot.com.


This is Coke Zero. Sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall. Irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke Zero. Sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide.