
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you even had the time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully, at t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


Turn it up. Music fans. This one's for you. Coke Studio is dropping fresh music and performances from artists you love like new jeans. Carol G and Peggy Goo and Coke's, giving you chances to win a trip to one of the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke. Are Coke, zero sugar 12 ounce. Can the unlock fan fuel music moments no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility, and prize. availability@cokeurl.com slash Studio USA promo copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company


focus features presents piece by piece, a first of his kind Lego movie event. The story of revolutionary artist Pharrell Williams. Turns up the volume on your imagination with a big screen experience like no other. Discover what it takes to build the greatest music ever assembled with a star stud lineup. Snoop Dogg, Kendrick Lamar, Gwen Stefani, Justin Timberlake, Jay-Z Busta Rhymes, dab punk, and more piece by piece rated pg directed by Morgan Deville opens October 11th and theaters everywhere. Get tickets at piece by piece film.com.


Every wake up You guys really are like the Hip hop, Early morning, late night The Breakfast Club is the most powerful, popular urban radio show in a From the Black mothership in New York City. DJ Envy, Charlemagne De and Jess. Hilarious. Thank y'all for being cultural Leaders, man. I appreciate what y'all do for the culture Collectively Known as Breakfast Club Bitch. I'm always nervous when I do The Breakfast Club because sometimes you say stuff and it's just gonna get you in trouble. Everybody wait. Good morning. USA Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo. Laura LaRosa filling in for Jess.


Hilarious. Good morning, Lauren. Good morning. Charlemagne the guy. Peace to the Planet. It's Tuesday. Okay. Thought it was Wednesday already. Didn't You had to remember what day it was. That's all You know. It happens. It's all a blur sometimes. That's right. How you guys feeling out there? Bless. Black and highly favored. How y'all feeling? Happy to be here another day to serve our amazing listeners. I felt great. Well, rusted. I went to bed a little early yesterday. Did you? After I got my hair done. Yes. Yeah. You Needed it. What? To go to bed or you get my hair done? I was talking about go to bed. I, I, I agree with the fact she needed both. Okay. And I. Think that you needed to start wearing a helmet. Why do you wear Your hair? This guy is crazy. Why would I wear a helmet? Your hair needs a different kind of protection. Yo.


You have to. A helmet is crazy. You have the protective style like the braids. Jesus Christ. You didn't even when I was sitting in here yesterday with the hat on, you didn't even know what was going on under the hat. I did. You did not. Listen, you had a lock hat on. You was ready for wool. You did not. But look, homecoming, it was hot outside this weekend for homecoming. Normally it was great. Normally to see the weather breaks a little bit. It feels like normally, like today, at Homecoming, it was so hot. And I was in leather. My hair was, That video you posted last night was amazing. The video where her head wasn't done, and she was about to get it to, she was like, You know how I, my name's Lauren Osa. You wanna, you wonder how I got here? I laughed. I laughed. I laughed. I laughed. My hairdresser was so over me. He was like, I'm on my way.


Well, we got some special, The hairdresser call you and say, look, I'm on my way. I'm on my shout. Gotta quote me. Shout out to Doctor the hair stylist. I think he listening in right now. 'cause he at work. And he said, I'm on my Way, man. You be making that man work. He was like, why? Do you have a hat on? I'm on my way. Jesus. Oh, gosh. Well, we got some special guests joining us this morning. Who we got, we got Matt Barnes and Stephen Jackson from all the smoke podcasts that be joining us. Man, listen to All The Smoke Podcast can be heard on the Black Effect iHeartRadio podcast network. But today, Matt Barnes and Steven Jackson are celebrating five years of all the smoke. So they have released a coffee table book, all the smoke, all the stars, all the stories. No apologies on my book. Im Print Black Privilege Publishing with Simon and Schuster. That is out today. So all your, your favorite, all the smoke interviews from Kobe Bryant to Allen Iversson, to Kevin Durant, the Dion Sanders, the Don Stanley, they're all in this book.


And they'll be here to talk about it this morning. That's right. And also, Morris Chenu and Emmet Cornell. They'll, she'll, they'll be joining us this morning. Reasonable doubt. Season two is on Hulu, so can Handle all this handsome. What, What you mean? Can they Handle all this handsome between me and Mars Chestnut? I'm just saying. Okay. But Is it between Y'all? No. First of All, I think he's carrying that race on his own. Boo. Sh First of all, everybody Between y'all. It's crazy. Yeah. Between y'all is Crazy. Throwing yourself in that is a little insane. And Chest, you just don't throw me by the, by the way, By the way, Morris Chestnut was on Jennifer Hudson's show oh my, about a year ago. And he said, he gets mistaken for me. He was on Sherry Shepherd's show yesterday, and he said he got mistaken for me too. Mistake mistaken doesn't mean that, listen, a win is a win.


You follow This man's life to see. Soon As win If, you If, you people tag people tag me in these things. A win is a win. There's blind People. Everywhere is a win. That's the same thing when people get on line. Be like, it's steal my joy because y'all was asking me steal my joy. Aint nobody asks, you can't break soul. Tag me myself means nothing to me. Nothing. There's a lot of blind people out there. All this pessimism gets reported as porn in my life. Nobody, don't even listen to it. Nobody Prepares you. God. Y'all don't look alike. God, God, take it up with her. Okay. All right. She made these factory models. You could call, you could call not anybody. Y'all don't look alike. Okay? I'm just letting You know. Just letting You know what the streets say. The streets right here, right? Just letting You know the alleys Where, oh my goodness.


All right. Well, you feel that? No. You feel that? I don't feel nothing. It's called hate. Means nothing to me though. Nothing to me. Let's get the show cracking. Front page news. Morgan will be joining us. I'm sure she'll break down presidential election, the hurricanes and more. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV, just hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast, Club Law on the rosa of filling in for Jess. Let's get in some front page news. Now, Monday night Football, the Chiefs beat the Saints 26 13. Their record is now five in, oh, tonight the Connecticut Sun takes on the links at 8:00 PM N-W-N-B-A. Now, last night, game Five, by the way, that's the Game Five. Game five. Yep. That's, that's, that's the final game of that series. So whoever wins that goes to the WNBA finals to play the New York Liberty.


Now, last night in baseball, the Royals beat the Yankees. They tie the Series one one and the Tigers beat the Guardians. They tie the series one one. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. That sounds like a lot of fun. Unfortunately, right now, and front page news, top of the headlines, we're looking at this hurricane, hurricane Milton. As it approaches Florida. Now, president Biden is signing an emergency disaster declaration. As Hurricane Milton approaches Florida, it'll authorize FEMA and Department of Homeland Security to use their resources for hurricane response. Now, this is the second major storm in the past month to hit the state. After Helene at last check, Milton was a category four hurricane this morning with potential to strengthen to a cat five with maximum winds of one fifty five, a hundred fifty five miles per hour.


And its forecast to make landfall. Late Wednesday or early Thursday, counties along Florida's West coast have been ordered to evacuate. Over 50 are under a state of emergency. Fortunately, Milton is not expected to have ma any major impacts. It's not expected to have any major impacts on already battered North Carolina as it continues to deal with the ath aftermath of Helene. Now, meanwhile, Florida Governor Ron DeSantis, he says, hurricane Milton is a really, really strong storm that will produce major damage. He says, the state is ready to have resources deployed to the expected hit, hardest hit areas, and everyone in on Florida's West Coast should be prepared for major impacts. Let's hear from Governor Ron DeSantis out of Florida on Milton.


We Have made a pre landfall declaration request from FEMA for support, and the federal government has approved a portion of our request for pre landfall items. And we expect the remaining parts of our request subsequent to landfall for debris and individual assistance once the storm hits will also be approved. We have 5,000 National Guardsmen that have been mobilized. We will have, before the storm hits another 3000, we're also deploying major heavy equipment to assist with debris removal. And of course, national Guard will be a, a big part of any search and rescue that needs to happen. Yeah. Hurricane Milton is not playing in, in any way, shape, or form.


Category four R five in 2024 with the weight, climate change and global warming has made these storms stronger. It, it's going to be catastrophic. Yeah. People can't leave. They're saying that they're stuck. They're saying that the flights are canceled on. They're saying highways are crazy. Yeah. So people can't leave. So definitely pray for your family members. Pray for anybody that You know that's gonna be affected by it as well. Yeah. So Pinellas County Sheriff Bob Gualtieri, he says, residents, business owners and employees with barrier Island reentry permits will have access. But as of 7:00 PM tonight, all access for everyone will be shut down for those barrier islands. He also says, based on the magnitude of Milton, they will arrest people who refuse to leave restaurants, bars, businesses that are still open.


Not to say it like that, but maybe You know that could be a, a, a, a safer place to be. I don't know. Yeah, no, I see what you're saying In prisons, it's as crazy as it sounds, those jails a good shelter. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So recovery efforts, and then switching gears just a little bit to Helene, recovery efforts are still going on in North Carolina. The death toll has climbed to more than a 75 with Western parts of the state being hardest hit Governor Roy Cooper says Things are getting better though, so hopefully this isn't one of those politicized situations. Governor Roy Cooper, he's a Republican. Hopefully he is getting that resources to his people in North Carolina. Let's hear from Governor Roy Cooper outta North Carolina. There is progress in Western North Carolina toward recovery.


We are still opening roads. We're still working to reach communities. We still have search and rescue occurring as we speak, but we know, we know the people of North Carolina, and we'll pull together and that the people of Western North Carolina will recover from this storm. Yes. I'll yield the last few comments to you guys. I mean, what's going on with these storms? To your point, Charlamagne is not to be played with. So If, you do know someone in those areas. You know. Y'all need to get the move on. I spoke to my neighbor yesterday, she's in Tampa, and they've been told to be evacuate as well. So, wow. They're my old neighbor. Yeah. I, I can't believe, I think I was watching, I was watching that video yesterday of Kamala Harris who says, and Ron DeSantis is refusing to take her.


Her calls about Hurricane Colleen, hurricane Helene, And, I just can't believe you have politicians who will politicize these natural disasters. Like Mother Nature should be the most humbling thing Yep. For humans, because Mother Nature don't care what race you are. They don't, it doesn't, mother Nature don't care about your sexuality. Mother nature don't care about your religion. Mother nature don't care about your political party. And there is nothing you can do, but prepare for the worst. Right. When one of these storms are coming. So this should be the time where everybody should be coming together. That's Right. Absolutely. And If, you live in Florida, you need to hold your elected officials, local and state elected officials accountable for these type of things. But we, I won't get too much into that. That's your front page news for 6:00 AM 7:00 AM We're gonna catch up with the candidates. All right. Everybody else get it off your chest.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open. Again, (800) 585-1051. Call us up right now. Is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. I'm Telling, I'm telling. Hey, what you doing man? Call calling. Yo, This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed. 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello, who's this? This is Lex. Hey, Lex. From New Brunswick. From New Brunswick. What's up Alex? Good morning guys. Good morning. Blessings to you all. How you feeling? How are you guys doing this morning?


Good. Black and holly favorite. Oh, I hear you. I hear you. So I'm gonna take, I'm gonna turn this from a negative to a positive. So I'm gonna start with a positive. Okay. So I started a new job yesterday for the City of North in finance department. So, okay. I, that was a blessing. That's dope. But I, I'm also wanted to express and get some advice. My boyfriend of almost two years ghosted me. What you mean? Ghosted? Dude Ghosted me because of, because a certain issue we had and And I, and I'm gonna put him on blast because he, he needs to wake up, call his name's migs. He's from north, the city of North Brick city.


And because what, because of someone in a Schwartz skirt all of a sudden came and said, sweet. Nothings in his hands. You could pretty much say that. Oh, you, so you're gonna throw away something that I'm holding down when you were jobless. But I was, I kept it real with you. I went through the good, the bad, the ugly and the ugliest with this man I gave, I opened up my heart, my family, everything. And this is how you're gonna do me. So listen, I'm sorry, what was that, Sherman? I said your legs too. You opened up your legs. You, you Exactly. I agree. And it's, and, and I'm gonna keep it real. It was good. It is good.


So I'm not gonna deny it, but hey, You know what? We're adults. Keep it real. Now, hold on. You know what? Did he leave you or did he just step out on you for a second and now you don't want him back? Yes. No, he actually, right now, currently, I don't even know what it is, Chardonnay, to be honest with you. He, he, he doesn't answer the calls. He doesn't wanna say anything. And what? So I'm supposed to what? Wait, He just bounced out and be patient. There's no reason he just bounces. One day he woke up and he just out the house. No another Girl. Oh, No, no, no, no. The thing is, is that supposedly the friend is a best friend and Okay. So he was like, my best, best friend wanted to meet me.


Okay. What is her name? Avoided the question. Never responded. So I, I, I asked him beef straight up, what's going on? Nothing. So I pretty much what? He hasn't responded anything since Friday morning. Wow. And he, and he is the one that encouraged me to actually move forward with getting this job. And I. Appreciate that. That I appreciate a thousand percent. But when I was, when you were down And, I, I was there. But when I need your support, even though I don't need a support from man or anyone, because I know who I am and what kind of woman I am, but, wow.


Well, you said it's just been since, it's just been since Friday. So, I mean, let's give, let's give it a moment. I don't, we don't even know if this guy's in trouble. He might be in the hospital. Is he okay? Like, you don't No, no. He's okay. Trust you, me. Trust you. Me, he's okay. He's real. Okay. Damn. Well, let's give it a minute. Let's see what happens. Like You know, let, let, let me know what happens by the end of the week. Call us back the end of the week and, and give us an update. And he's listening. He's listening. What's his name? He, he, He migs from Newark. migs from Newark. Y'all call in. What's your name, ma'am again? Lex Migs from Newark. Alexa. Alexa wants to know what's going on. She wants to know where y'all stand. Are y'all still together? She held you down when you was nothing.


Obviously They're not together anymore. Obviously. Decided business too Much. If he call, if he call you, you there tomorrow, you down like you just, is y'all back together? Yes, they room. And We would, we would have to sit down and really talk and put things out on the table because we just, we just came from Vegas for my birthday last month. No unprotected sex in Vegas. Y'all go together. For real, for real. Boy, they went Together. Alright. Thank you mama. Alright Guys. Thank you. Alright, have a good day guys. Now, you've been ghosted before. What? What, what would you tell her? Lauren? Whoa. I've been what? No, I've never been ghosted. Oh. I Don't like when guys do stuff like that. Especially when you an adult. When you're an adult, just tell the woman what's up and, and vice versa. Just tell the man what's up.


Maybe he Did tell sometimes guys need a minute. I was about to say sometimes guys need a minute. And I. Think sometimes I, well, from my own experience, there's been times where like, I didn't hear it. Yeah, you probably told her. So she had to take a little minute and then come back and conversation. You probably told her but she didn't hear it and she or she heard it the way she was. Want to hear it? She heard she Didn't wanna hear. It's He heard it. She didn't want to hear it. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Hit this up. Now it's The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. It's a new Day. This is your time to get it off your chest Wake. Wake up. Whether you're mad Or blessed, it's time to get up and get something. Call up Now. (800) 585-1051. We want to hear from you on The.


Breakfast. Club. Hello? Who's this? Hello? What's going on? It's Aaron. It's Get it off my chest. Aaron. What's up? Get it off your chest, brother. Not much. I'm talking about the hurricane. Hurricane Milton down here in Florida. I know Morgan was like, it was a category four, but it reached a category of five last night around like 8:00 PM They said the Max Winds was like 185 miles per hour. Man. So everybody in Florida, man, y'all be safe man. Y'all get prepared. Get off the roads. It, it's gonna be crazy man. For Absolutely be safe out there for Florida Brother. Especially Tampa. I heard Tampa about to get hit hard praying for Tampa, man. Yeah. Yeah. It's crazy out here, man. But appreciate it. Y'all, y'all, y'all stay blessed. Alright Brother, have a good one.


Hello. Who's this? Yo, DJ Envy. Charlamagne. Good morning Ms. Osa. How you doing? Good morning. I'm you brother Davis. Get go to your chest. Alright, listen, yesterday I was, first off, let me say Ms. LaRosa, you are doing a great job up there in, in place of my home. Girl You know, just with the mess. Just hilarious. Yesterday you was talking about your ex. Yeah. Just hilarious. You was talking about your exploits with your, your your Delaware State and you mentioned my man, my homie son kid, me You. know that name sound mad familiar. And I was like, yo, who is that?


And I. Remember that was my homie's son that's doing his thing down in Delaware, but he's also in New York. Gotcha. He's New York. He's outta Queens. Okay. You know. So You know that. I appreciate you shouting him out yesterday. Yeah, For sure. He was. He was, he did a really good job with the crowd, so That's great. That's great to know. That's great to know. But You know what, you definitely doing a great job up here and just hilarious place You know. I hope they have you come up every now and then and You know when she's out. But y'all keep doing y'all thing, man. I love listening to y'all in the morning. Y'all have a great day. Thank you Coach. Hello. Who's this? Hello? Yeah, this is Tony from, yeah.


What's up Tony? I can hear you now. Get it off your chest brother. Man, I got a question for Charlamagne man to get a question to the vice president. Man, I worked for construction. I'm a I'm a welder by trade man. That's what I do. And You know when Donald Trump said he wasn't gonna take overtime. You know a lot of people I work with You know. They, they, they like to hear that You know we work 70, 80 hours a week. And I wanted him to, to see about questioning Kamala Harris. Kamala Harris about how she feel about not taxing overtime. How does You know? How does she feel about not taxing overtime? Yeah, because You know. She said she got a plan to as simulate the middle class You know we work a lot of hours. You know we work You know we work these outages and turnarounds.


I don't know If you familiar with it, but You know we, when we were in there, we shut these power plants down. We work 80 hours a week and You know and not tax our overtime to put another three to four grand a month in our pocket. Okay. You understand what I'm saying? That is a very valid question. And a lot of people I've worked with and You know you always talk about You know, picking up a trade and being a welder. You know and, and a lot of our people, man, that's what we want to hear. How we gonna put keep our money in our pockets. That's right. So I mean, and stimulating the middle class, we are the middle class, right? When construction workers are not working, the economy is bad because nobody's buying nothing. You know. So, I don't know, man, it that, that's gonna be a hard one to the, the the to going in the, in the voting booth and be like, oh Yeah, nah, she keeps saying she she wants My family, my family's voting for comic You.


know what I'm saying? So I'm not, I'm not a Trump supporter, but it's going, it's going be a hard bargain. You know to, to not go for that If. you want to keep money in your pocket You know You know what I'm saying? Well, well hopefully we get to ask her that. If, if not You know. She's doing The View today. She's doing Howard Stern show today. She's doing Stephen Colbert show today. Maybe one of them is listening to us. And they'll, they'll, they'll ask that question You know before, before one of us get the opportunity too. But how, but how does she feel about not taxing overtime? I think that is a very, very, very valid question. Especially for somebody who has the opportunity economy plan. Like the vice president that wants to rebuild the middle class. Yeah. 'cause she keeps saying she wants to to the rich to pay their fair share. And And, I always wonder what that means. Is that mean that you're gonna start taxing some of those billion dollar corporations that are not tax Exactly what Means?


That's what she said. Okay. Yeah. That's exactly what it means. Okay, Good. Alright. And. I ain't mad at that. 'cause some of those billion dollar corporations pay zero tax. I don't know if y'all saw the 60 Minutes interview that, that, that was her answer verbatim. Like You know. Yes. But we do that by taxing the most wealthiest amongst us and those co and those corporations. And, but I just wonder also how that affects, so if, if they do tax those billion dollar corporations, do those corporations say, You know what, I'm gonna stay in the US or do I go international with my work where You know labor is cheaper, You know they're Gonna track it around, but I think that can't they create laws where certain things have to stay? You can't make somebody stay here. I don't Think everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need or want it.


Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. It feels good knowing that at and t has your back. They take out all the guesswork and the stress letting you get back to simply doing you. Whether you're a dedicated entrepreneur, a multihyphenate creative, a busy parent, or all of the above, you deserve a service provider that gets you and your needs. So relax and let at t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


That Messes up something. I have no idea, but that's what Trump was saying. Trump was saying he wants more business to stay here. That's why a lot of those corporations got those tax breaks. But get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We got Jess with the mess with Laura LaRosa coming up. We do Miss Sissy Houston. Whitney Houston's mom passed away yesterday. So we gonna take some time for her. Send a tribute out to her. Alright, we'll get into that. Next. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Good morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to just with the mess with Lauren La Rosa. You music is real. Whether hilarious. Jess Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don't do, she don't spill nobody worldwide mess on The Breakfast Club.


She's the coach, says Lauren, Lauren LaRosa And I got the mess. Talk to me. So we wanna take some time to send a rest in peace and some love to the family of Whitney Houston. Her mother, sissy Houston was announced last night that she passed away. I spoke with a rep for Sissy Houston who told me that she passed away at 91 years old. She was surrounded by her family in New Jersey, in her New Jersey home. She was under hospice care. She had been dealing with Alzheimer's disease for some, for some time. She was, I believe I said she was 91 years old, but 91. Yep. Yeah. People know, a lot of people know Sissy Houston as Miss Sissy Houston as the mother, Whitney Houston.


But she was also a very, very successful gospel single, a gospel music legend. Two time Grammy winner. She began singing back in 1938. She collaborated with Beyonce Luther Vand draws she s some backup for Elvis Presley, Aretha Franklin. Chaka Kahn, Dion Warwick, Jimi Hendrix. So You know she blazed the iconic music trail of her own soul. Absolutely. Wanna take some time to, to show her some love this. What A blessing. To live to be 91 years old man. I-I-I-I-I-I would love to see 91 years on this planet. I want 101, but 91 is a blessing. Yeah. So she lived a very long, full life. Yes, Definitely rest in peace and yeah, she did condolences to the family. Now another news. Kanye may be on his way to another divorce.


So Kanye and his wife Bianca Ri, there are reports out right now on TMZ has confirmed a story that their two year marriage may be ending. So right now, from multiple sources, close, they, ooh, you don't wanna hear this one, huh? Oh, I'm sorry. Mm. No, no, no. Love for y this morning. This this man that might be going through You know a war. Me and Dr. Omar. Don't care. Jesus. Me and Dr. Don't give a, lemme get, lemme get, lemme Get through the story before y'all, y'all send the lashes over here. Okay. So him and Bianca since so were married for two years. This is the woman that he got with after leaving Kim Kardashian. Yes. That everybody was like, oh, she looks just like him.


She walks around naked all the time, right? She does. Okay. Yeah. But she has been a, a big part of the family. We've seen her out with North and the other kids as well. Now multiple people around this couple tell TMZ that they are split right now and that they've been needing to split up for some time. There are also reports that Bianca took a trip to Australia to be with her family since the split. And that Kanye is plan or yay is planning to go to Tokyo once the divorce happens and be there by himself. Now ya has been seen out over the last couple months, a couple times without her. Normally they're always together. There's no word though. What prompted the split or who's the one who actually pulled the plug in this? So, So listen, they were really married. You would know 'cause you worked at TMZ and all that. Like they really had marriage license and all that.


I never knew they were actually married. From Everything that I knew they were. I I, yeah. From everything I knew. Well, another interracial relationship bites to Duff. Okay. Poer. Yeah. I mean it seemed like she kind of helped him. Poor. Why not? Poor Bianca. Yeah, we don't, we don't know. Poor Bianca. Poor both of 'em. Diversity hold on. Hard on both parties. Kanye seemed like the exhausting one, but once again, me and Dr. Ard don't. Oh man. Yeah, he's been going through a lot. So po Yeah, Well, yes. We'll, we'll be following that. See Happens Mouth. It seems like right now they're just taking a little break from each other. So we'll see what happens. Yes. So speaking of taking breaks right now, Holly Bailey and DDG, you guys remember we reported that DDG came out and made the statement Yep. That they were not together right now that they are family, they're gonna You know effectively.


Co-parent. Well, since then, he has a podcast called Not an Ordinary Podcast. And he's actually, You know, been speaking out a bit just to clear some things up. So following their breakup fans begin to drag him online. Now, this is not something new. They were already dragging DDGA lot of fans of of Halle. They feel like she's a Disney princess. She shouldn't be with him. You know. So he deals with a lot of that online. So he got online to address some things and he talked about the fact that, that they are, regardless of what always going to be family, let's take a listen. For a long time people feel like I didn't belong the industry or the music industry and this and that. Especially me being with Halle, that's she's a superstar.


She's the greatest ever being around her. I feel like it made a lot of people side eye me because they had You know she a princess. So they already had they mind set up about her and they look at me, And, I don't fit that image, but it's cool. It's a reason why she stayed. It is a reason why we had a child together. It is a reason why all of this happened. Like me and Halle are forever family. I will Swiss Cheese your granny over Halle and that's just what it is. That's called family. I feel like the term baby mama does sound a little ghetto. So I like to call it mother of my child. The mother of my child is forever protected by me. Drop on a close bond with DDG. Yeah.


Stay focused young man. That's the one thing in the conversation that I believe to be very true. That he said, don't forget they still family. He's still the father of that child. That's still the mother of, of his child. If. you think at some point in life those two won't be back together. You're bugging. Right? And, I. Listen that when I watched the podcast, because I don't really know too much about him. I I've been to like a, the, his label had like a, a, a dinner thing for media. And I went there and he was You know super. He was super sweet in person when I met him, but I've always seen the fan trolls online. So I, when hearing him talk like this, I'm like, man, like that's a great support system for her to have. It's really tough being young in front of people and y'all have a baby. Yeah, He seems mature and he seems evolved. Exactly. Handles it well, bigger, it's bigger than just what You know, whatever they might have going on.


But then he also got into, 'cause a lot of people felt like, well he made this announcement because they're both really public figures, so maybe he's about to have another girlfriend or she's about to have another boyfriend. So he talked, he kind of spoke to that as well too. Let's say, listen, Like, and I'm kind of thinking he might have met somebody already or he's ready to start dating and he's just trying to Avoid No, let me say that right now, y'all, I am not dating anyone. I don't have a potential girlfriend. Nor do I even think about that whatsoever. I don't plan on getting into another relationship at all unless it's Halle. That's the only way. I am not finna get a new girlfriend. I don't have the desire. I don't want multiple baby mamas.


I don't want none of that. We taking a break, like I said, I'm finna go pick my son up right after this. Let me live my life. That's none of your business. That was another clip when I heard, when I saw heard that response, I was like, he's carrying it the right way. And I feel like absolutely. As they're gonna get back together. Yeah. But they're so young. And what a great way to launch your podcast, bro. I mean, everybody talking about you You know, forget going somewhere and giving them the headlines. You got your own platform. Put Your own headlines. That's right. You control your own narrative. You know. Yeah. I I I love that. And it's actually good when things like this happen because you get to see who's for you and who's not You know. Yes. So, and the podcast has only been gone for a month. They 44.2.


44.7 subscribers. But I mean, DDG is really good at this internet stuff. So You know the numbers are there and he's, he's smart about addressing things. And I think there's been a lot of conversation online around them too, about why is he the one speaking out so much and not her. But I think she's always been a person that's been kind of to herself, her and her sister And I. I, I hate when people say stuff like that. Like, like, like we be, we be saying, why doesn't this person say anything If? you look at their history, they never say anything. Right. Yeah. Like, and he seems like he's the one that's willing to You know he's the shield. He's gonna jump in front and take all of You know. 'cause there's backlash that comes when you speak out. So Yeah. So I, I mean I hope they figure it out. I think they're adorable with their kid online and listening to this podcast has made me like him a whole lot more. What's the name of the podcast Again? It's called I, I said it wrong earlier.


It's called No Ordinary Podcast. No Ordinary podcast. Podcast, yes. D who else? Who's the young man on there with him? I'm not for sure who the young man on there with him is. I know it's a friend of his, but I'll I'll get the name. Okay. All right. Well that is just with the Mess with Lauren LaRosa. Now when we come back, we got Front page news and then the real Morris Chestnut will be joining us. What you mean the Real Morris Chestnut? The real, I've never claimed to be Morris Chestnut. It's just that people in the street say that we, I wasn't talking To you. I just said the real Morris Chestnut. I don't like The Little shade. Didn't didn't Being disrespectful. Hey, dogs will holler. I didn't say nothing about you with Morris Chestnut. I just said the real Morris Chestnut Water If. you didn't draw, you didn't draw the beard in. Right here. Got, I didn't draw. I didn't touch anything. You got a big chunk missing right here. I didn't touch anything. It's a, no, I'm not even joking. It's a big piece missing. There's nothing missing. It's the same Je I lying.


Red Red. You see it, right? I'm not even Joking. It's the same as yesterday. Well, You, you need to fire your barber 'cause he put a big chunk in your Big Oh my goodness. Okay. You'll hate it. Like I said, I'm not eating it. J piece missing The real Morris Chestnut will be joining us in a little bit. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning The Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same. Morning everybody. It's EJ NV Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Laura LaRosa filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page news. Start off with some quick sports. And Monday Night Football. The Chiefs beat the same 26 13 Now in WNBA, the Connecticut Sun take on to Minnesota Links tonight at 8:00 PM This is game five and last night Major League baseball.


My Yankees lost to the Royals four two. They tied the series one one and the Tigers beat The guardians in that series is tied to one one as well. Good morning, Morgan. Good Morning. Good morning. You. know who else is tied up? Trump and Harris in this race. It seems like they are neck and neck. Well, let me get into this. BP Harris is again saying she will pay for her economic plan by taxing the rich. Now, while appearing on 60 Minutes, the VP was pressed about how she'll get the money from Congress to invest in small businesses. She claims she has a lot of support to get her tax the rich plan through Congress from congressional leaders. Let's hear more from VP Harris in her 60 minutes interview.


Well, One of the things I'm gonna make sure that the richest among us who can afford it pay their fair share in taxes. You know when you talk quietly with a lot of folks in Congress, they know exactly what I'm talking about. 'cause their constituents know exactly what I'm talking about. So Republican critics point out that the top 1% of income earners in the US earn 26% of all income and pay 46% of all federal income taxes. Her appearance on CBS news show's show comes about four weeks until election day Trump has consistently polled better than Harris on the question of economy in terms of his handling, now I know you just had a caller not too long ago who talked, who asked about taxing overtime.


Now, the former p she and former President Trump have said they will not tax tips. And Harris, his plan does include tax breaks on housing and childcare as far as overtime, I'm not sure that she has mentioned that just yet. This also comes on Monday as Vice President Harris. Remember the victims of the Hamas terrorist attack on Israel saying, The World must never forget October 7th and make sure nothing like the horrors of that day can ever happen again. She repeated the pledge and always to ensure that Israel does have the right to defend itself. Now she says she will always work to ensure the safety and security of Jewish people here and around The World, the Democratic presidential candidate also said she'll work to reunite the hostages held in Gaza with their families and she'll never stop fighting for the release of all hostages.


Now meanwhile, Ohio senator and Republican VP Hope will JD Vance. He was on the National Mall yesterday where he spoke on the anniversary of the Hamas attack on Israel. Now, Vance said the incident was also an attack on the United States. He says he and Trump support Israel, but he is calling out Vice President Harris to secure the release of hostages. So let's hear from JD Vance on that. Sadly, many Americans do not know the full truth of the Holocaust, and many Americans do not know the full truth of what really happened on October the seventh. It is disgraceful that we have an American president and vice president who haven't done a thing. Vice President Harris, our messages bring them home.


Use your authority to help bring them home. We believe that the Jewish state has a right to exist and Donald Trump And I will fight for that every single day when we're in the White House. So the Ohio Senator said the only way to end the war is to release the hostages. The Republican vice presidential candidate says his ticket with former President Trump supports Israel's right to defend itself. That's what everybody keeps saying and to do what it takes to end the war. Any thoughts on that? I don't have thoughts on that. I have thoughts on what you was talking about earlier with You know Kamala Harris on 60 Minutes though You know Their economic plan and the taxing and stuff. Yeah, I think, I think one thing Democrats never stress enough is that since World War ii, the economy has historically done better under democratic presidents.


I think that they need to stress that more. And they, they, there are a lot of wealthy people who want to pay more taxes. You know, like Bill Gates, like Bill Gates You know he, he said if, if he would've paid tens of billions more in taxes if he designed the US taxes system. So he's a person that's saying he wants to pay more taxes. So I think she's right on the money when she says she wants to You know tax the wealth and tax these corporations You know to help fund some of these things. She wants to do You know for the middle class and, and And I just thought, I thought the 60 Minutes convo was solid all together. You know it was edited weird and 60 Minutes was putting its own narration over her answers. I didn't like that. I don't want to hear 60 minutes interpretation of their answers. I wanna hear their actual answers. Alright, well, speaking of actual answers, let's bring it home to New York.


Another high ranking member of New York City Mayor Eric Adams. Administration is resigning and another aide may be next. Now, mayor Adams tells New York one that Deputy Mayor for Public Safety, Phil Banks, is stepping aside, bank resignation follows several other top aides to step down. Let's hear from New York City Mayor Eric Adams on Phil Banks resignation. He reached out to me and and stated, Eric, I'm looking to move on and this is a good time to do so. Wow. Yeah. So he said there are reports that that, well, excuse me. Not that he said, but there are reports that Deputy Mayor Sheena Wright will also be resigning. Both banks and Wright had their phone seized by federal investigators last month before Mayor Adams was charged with federal corruption.


The mayor has pleaded not guilty to those charges. And of course this comes as more heads are rolling from the Mayor Adams administration, Reyna, Abba Sova, longtime Adam staffer, who is according, according to the indictment of Mayor Adams coordinated improper straw donations and luxury travel accommodations for Adams and his campaign. She's been terminated from her job director of protocol for inter international affairs from her job as director of Protocol for International Affairs. She had been on leave from that position as she's believed to be cooperating with federal authorities. In addition, Winnie Greco, who's the mayor's director of Asian Affairs, whose home was recently raid by the FBI, she was also let go. And one more person, Mohamed Bahi of the mayor's community affairs unit is also out.


The move comes of course as New York Governor Kathy Hoku applies pressure for the city to city hall to just clean house. So even as all of this is going on, new US Democratic House leader, Hakeem Jeffrey says that Mayor Adams should not resign despite his recent indictment on federal corruption charges. He's also supporting saying that Adams is entitled to the presumption of innocence and by, and a trial by jury. But at the same time, Jefferies does, says Adams need to articulate a path forward to ensure the city is continuing to function and run in a manner that meets the needs of everyday New Yorkers. You guys are Being, I agree with Hakeem Jeffries. I agree with Hakeem Jeffries finally a Democrat with some s You.


know what I'm saying? Like that, that that's what Hakeem said is exactly how it should be. He's innocent until proven guilty and he should not resign. Right. Like, like he should not resign. Like I, yo I see everybody jumping ship around him. Cool. You know what I mean? They, they falling Like pins over there. They Falling flies. Yeah. Like, Like once he should not resign. Like once again, I I I've been saying this like when you look at You know everything that Donald Trump has gone through legally and the fact that he's still able to run for president and ain't nobody trying to push him out. Mayor Adams should, should, should, should sit, should be 10 toes down too and Been saying that for the longest. That's what we've been saying. He should. He he he's he's innocent until proven guilty. Right. That, that that's the law, right. Abs Ab Absolutely. Absolutely. There is a mayors poll that was recently released that says that 69% of New Yorkers surveyed do things that Adams should step aside.


But to your point, I mean innocent until proven guilty. Well That's because people didn't like Mayor Adams before You know You know what I'm saying? So it's not like he, it's not like he was a popular president, I mean, popular mayor in New York City before. So I understand people wanting, wanting him to step down and to me, this isn't about whether you like him or don't like him as a mayor, it's just about principle. What's what's right. Me as well. That's what it's about for me, is just about principle. I think the principle says he shouldn't step down right now. Right. It's the principalities. That's it. Alright. Yeah. All right. Well that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood. Follow me on social at Morgan Media. M-O-R-G-Y-N-M-E-D-I-A And from a news coverage follow at Black Information Network. You can see it spelled out right here. And download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@binews.com.


Thank y'all. All right, thank you, Morgan. Now when we come back, Morris Chestnut and Ma Yati Corona will be joining us. Reasonable doubt. Season two is streaming on Hulu every Thursday through October 17th. And we're gonna talk to them. Next is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is on maternity leave. So Lauren Ro is filling in and we got some special guests in the building. Yes, indeed. We have Morris Chestnut. He's here. And we have Emma Yati Corona. Did I say your name right? Well done. I'm practicing. I appreciate that. Wow. Go front. I gotta start like this. Emma.


Does Charlamagne look anything like Morris Chessman? I was just looking. I was just looking. We're here to talk reasonable doubt too. No, no, I wanna start there because he's been talking so much. He thinks he's Morris Justice. He's under reasonable doubt After that and then after. No, no, no. Beyond Reasonable doubt. Does he look anything? I knew this was gonna come up. I was prepared for this. You were prepared because I've, I've heard squint your eyes a little bit. Now here's The thing. Cover one eye cover both eyes, Both beautiful chocolate baldheaded men. Thank you. I see that. Thank you. Resemblance. Yes. You see a resemblance in That what I just said. Oh, Okay. You, you scared me for a second. In the factory model, what you said, just the fact, the details.


You scared the factory model What? I said. Yes. Now Morris, does it bother you? When, when this, this brother over here that looks nothing like you, claims that he's you for his birthday. He posts pictures of you. Is my birthday. I'm telling you, somebody came to me on the street. That's a lie. I said I'm dead. No, no. I wasn't on the street. You're right. I was at a hotel. I was at the valet and one in the valet. The valet. He said, that's what he said. He said, yo, You look Like Charlamagne. He said, yo. He said, yo, you Charlemagne. I don't know If you was trolling. But he did Say that he should afford 'em. Right? Wasn't it dimly lit valet area? Did he have glasses? I I, no, he didn't have glasses. You know. But it, it did happen. Damn. It did happen. Well, It did, Lord. Yeah. Y'all didn't, that didn't go the way y'all thought was going.


Welcome guys. How, how you guys feeling? So good To have y'all feeling fantastic. Yeah. Now what, what roles?


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether or not you need or want it. Well, thankfully at t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. It feels good knowing that at t has your back. They take out all the guesswork and the stress letting you get back to simply doing you. Whether you're a dedicated entrepreneur, multihyphenate creative, a busy parent, or all


of the above, you deserve a service provider that gets you and your needs. So relax and let at and t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life. Cite you nowadays, marsh. Wow. Because you've been in the game so long. Mm. You know what this role did excite me. Okay. It, it really did. You know the the one thing I I love, first of all, she's incredible. I mean, she's incredible at what she does in credible actress. I mean, she's incredible. But the whole production, so the production starts You know with Onyx Collective, we have You know black female executives there.


And then of course Carrie Washington's company is producing Simpson Street. Simpson Street's producing it topnotch there, Rama Muhammad, black female showrunner. All the scripts were on time before I had never gotten scripts on a show like that this early. Yeah. I would get a script we, like we was, we would be on the second day of an episode and get a script for the next episode. That normally never happens. So everything was top. And then working with her and the cast, this role did, did excite me. Now for people that don't know, what is reasonable doubt about? 'cause y'all on season two, so if, if they don't know, what is it about? Break It Down. You know. It's about this high powered You know black female attorney You know who is about her business.


You know she handles all of her business when she's, when she's in the office, when she's in court, You know, but she's trying to juggle it. You know she's a mother, she's a wife. And sometimes You know some of the balls drop outta the air You know what I mean? She, she fails at times and she makes questionable decisions, makes mistakes at times You know. But it's about this woman, it's about this marriage, this black marriage. You know, we get to see them trying to figure it out. We get to see them making mistakes. We get to see them You know really living their life in this way that we don't often get to see on television along with the, the courtroom drama of it all. You know we get to see her really in her element because the show is loosely based on Sean Holly. Oh, that's True. I heard that. Okay. Yeah.


She's a very high powered defense attorney in La You know. And so we have all of those elements. It's, it's a good blend. Yes. Of the courtroom drama with the character driven kind of piece. How, when you say handle that business in court, is that all the place you handle the Business? I mean, she does what she got to do Anywhere. Anywhere and everywhere. Did You sit with Sean at all? Did what? Did you spend any time with Sean? Oh yes. Oh yeah. Before we started filming, we You know. She invited me to her home and You know we sat and we talked for hours. You know, I got to really pick her brain about how she chooses the cases that she decides to take on. Because that's the thing You know, we really, I think, nailed that in the show with the kinds of cases that Jax chooses to accept. Can sometimes cause issue with her friends or her family.


You know, why are you not defending black women? Why did you choose to defend this, this man? And that's what Sean is about. You know. And that's something that I admired and wanted to know a little bit more about. What goes into her selecting the kind of cases that she chooses to represent. Is it hard to leave your character onset? Is it hard? No, no. I, I've, I've learned how to just make the separation. I've learned how to make the separation and especially with someone like Jax You know she, she has a lot going on You know, so I'm thankful to just leave that there and go home to normalcy. You know, I wanted to ask actors, like, when you have to play a traumatic scene, right? Like when Rickey gets killed in Boys in the Hood, being that they play that so much on tv, does that trigger you when you see it? Like, do you feel That doesn't trigger me.


Okay. One thing that did trigger me when I did the First Best Man, it was the first time that I had to be such an emotional space. When I did a wedding scene, I was crying. And I had to be in an emotional space for so long. That triggered me for just even thinking about it for at least, at least five to seven years. Wow. What about when y'all did the TV show? When the, when the Day. See, I was, see I had already You know as an actor, I, I had grown And I kind of let some stuff You know It's You know as actors You know, we use our, our trauma Yeah. And our pain to get there. So I You know I kind of worked on that, but it triggered me for a long time on, on The First Best Man. Because Did you ever get Tired of it? 'cause Boys of the Hood was so long ago. Did you ever realize how impactful that was gonna be when you, when you shot it?


I didn't. I didn't, I had no clue because when I, when I, I mean I was the lead in the movie that nobody knew who I was. Right. And no one knew who Cuba was. You know. People knew who Ice Cube was. Angela wasn't Angela, Nia wasn't Nia. I mean, everybody was You know, just popping off. So I didn't think it was gonna be that big. Nah. That, That's interesting what you said about the Best Man, because to be in a role when the TV show came where in, in that iteration of it, You know your wife was Deceased. Yes. You had to tap into that emotion of being a man who lost their wife. Right. How'd you leave that at home? Well, so it's, Oh, leave that on the set, right? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So it's, okay. So the, so that was the first Best Man I had that.


So the Second Best Man was tough because she was battling cancer. And I had to do a lot of emotional scenes then. So I've just learned to manage kind of those emotions. I've learned to deal with some of that trauma in a different way now. And actually, actually acting is pretty much therapeutic because you're able to release certain things. And so over the years that's, that's what's happened. Were You a fan of Reasonable Doubt season one because you came on season two? I was, because I literally, I was on, I was, I played a Saturday basketball game and one of the, one of the guys there, he was like, yo, he said, well, normally after we play, he's You know we talk about stupid stuff, do stuff in the gym or whatever. And then he just said, Hey, you guys seen the show? Reasonable Doubt.


And I knew about the show. 'cause I knew Eli was on it. And, I knew Emi was on it, but I hadn't seen it yet. He was like, man, it was just so odd to hear him say that on the court. Right. You know what I'm saying? And so he said, you gotta check it out. And so, yeah. So before I did the show, I was definitely found, 'cause I watched it because he told me to. And what was harder for you? Because Jax is different season one versus season two. What was the harder draw for you as an actress, like pulling from the experiences? Was it harder for Season one or harder for season two for you? I think I would definitely see, say season two, just because of You know. She's showing a, a lot more vulnerability as a result of what happened in season one. Yes. You know. So that just, it required, just like Morris was saying, You know I gotta pull from some of those places.


You know, that kind of thing. So it was, it was more of a, of a challenge in that way. You know, I had to decide to, to open myself up. Alright, we got more with Morris Chenu and M ati when we come back to Don't Move, it's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Morris Chestnut and Aya Corona. Of course. Reasonable doubt. Season two is on Hulu everywhere. Now Emma, you started off in soap operas. Most people never leave that soap opera world. But you did. So, so break down the soap opera world and what got you in the soap opera. I first, I wanna know how you got into acting because you are a military child. Yeah. Usually that means you're traveling all over the place. Your parents are heavy into education. What got you into acting from the start?


It was something that I always loved, I always loved, but I didn't know that it could be a choice to be a career You know. And for a long time it was just fun. Just a, just a hobby. And I thought that I had it planned out. I was gonna go to law school. I was gonna be a lawyer. My father wanted me to go to the military, but I said, okay, I think I'm gonna be a lawyer. But in high school, I had a girlfriend who also wanted to be a lawyer. And we had our whole plan. It was gonna be Cornell and Sweeney Incorporated. There you go. You know. But I realized thankfully before You know graduation, okay, no, I don't really wanna be a lawyer. I'm not trying to go to law school. Like she was taking it serious and would fill out these SATs. I'm like, I'm not doing all that. Is she a lawyer now?


She's a lawyer now. She, oh, she, oh, she's Okay. So we, we went in the right path. I realized, no, I think I just, I like the drama. I like the suits and You know all of that in the courtroom. And so that's the moment when I knew And I kind of started pursuing it at that point. And this was in, I graduated high school in Jersey. My last two years were out there or in, in Kansas. That was all over the place. And then went back to Jersey and really started studying and back and forth up here to New York. All my off, off off Broadway classes and all of that. And then that was it. That was it. And, and my first role was that, that role in Young and Restless. Young and Restless. And that was because that was my mom's show. And she said to her, You know that was me making it, That you made it when you was on, when you was on her soap opera, bro.


She said, you gotta get on Young and erect around the Restless. Tell Victor I said, hi. Oh, Victor. And so the bittersweet moment about that for me is because my mom passed before that happened before she got to see. And so as soon as I got on the set, I said, Victor, I just gotta tell you You know my mom just loves you. So, and that was a small, that was a really small role. And I think that's how I, the reason why I didn't get caught up in it and staying there because it was a small role, but it was truly one of the most meaningful ones to me to this day because of that. Oh, wow. Yeah. That's so aligned for You. Your first, your first scene, Morris is a, is a, is a sex scene. Right? Right. Right, right, right. Now, do you ever have to tell these studios not to, not to objectify you because because we heard Method Man once that he always You know, pushed back against his sex symbol status.


Mm. Do you ever have to tell these studios like, look You know. I know I'm Morris Chestnut. You Can't be a stunt double, bro. I'm just A stunt. Don't, don't objectified. Make, Explain. They would, we would know the difference. How do you ever feel like you're being objectified? Maybe is a better question. I I Don't, I don't see that, that at that way You know. It's almost like, 'cause people sometimes they ask me, they say, do you get mad when people call you Ricky? All the time when people see me on the street. And honestly, the one thing about me is that I have never ever forgotten where I come from. Mm. Right. And, and when I was an actor, just starting out, trying to get an agent, just trying to get a part. Just say, oh, just please somebody cast me. I just want to be seen. I want to be known so I can get more work. And so it just so happens that that role that I was dying to get, to be able to get more work was a role that it was a, it was a, it was a blessing that it's still relevant and people still refer to it to this very day.


So now, just because people say Ricky almost every day, I'm not gonna turn around and say, oh man, I hate when people call me Ricky. Yeah, yeah. Because I was so, I would desired it so much. So to your question about You know studios, I don't think they objectify me. I think that I've been in the business a long time and the, the younger Mors would not have imagined that he would be here to this very single day after all these years. So I'm just, I'm, I'm just blessed and And, I'm very appreciative of the fact that they still wanna cast me. Because in our industry, You know no one really retires from our industry. Our industry retires us.


The phone stops ringing. So as long as the phone's still ringing, I'm gonna keep picking up And I, And I. Appreciate it. But It's one thing to be a great actor, which you all, but it's another to be considered a a heartthrob. Right. It's only like a kind like, it's, it is like Denzel Morris. Who else fits in that lane? Lauren? Like historically Omar s was there. Yeah. Morris And Denzel. Michael B. Jordan. Michael b Yeah, he was, you kind of say that. No Wood. Okay. Underwood. Underwood, Yeah. From Queen Sugar, dark Skin, queen Sugar Boris Kojo, dark Kofi Kofi is the, he's, He's there. Calm down, Lauren. Calm down Where we at right now. But I think honestly, you Denzel, it's, it's y'all level of, it's, it's like maybe two or three that are the Go-tos.


It mainly you though, like, you get, you do get a lot of the posts and stuff online. Oh, thank you. A lot of 'em come from Charlemagne's Instagram. But Shut up. I think to, to, the answer to that question is for me, I don't, I don't focus on it because You know. It's, it's, this is the type of industry. There's You know there's, there's, there's gonna be somebody else tomorrow. There's gonna be somebody else the next day. So I just focus, honestly, I just try to focus on doing the best job I can as an actor with each job. And if that comes with it, I'm appreciative of it. If that's what people say, I'm appreciative of that. But I don't, I don't focus on that. I just have to focus on the work because that's gonna keep me here longer than being, being a You know.


If people considered sex, were you the Real, the real More is Chestnut was the sexiest man alive in 2015. The reason I gotta say that is 'cause sometimes he puts his face there and acts Like, I've never done that. But If, you wanted to call him the sexiest man alive. That's fine. And If, you wanna use me to do that? That's fine. I've never done was I was gonna ask, how does your, your wife deal with it all? You know with, with women hollering when y'all allow and, and the comments. How does she, how does she handle it? Well, I mean, my wife is a star in our family for sure. I mean, she's the one that, I mean, she's a star in, in, in the family. And, and she knows And. I'm a homebody. I'm, I'm home all the time. And honestly, the, the older I've gotten You know.


I mean, she's, she's just not even, she's not stressed by it. She's not even, she's just not, she's not really interested in the industry. She's, it's like, we've been together a long, long time. And so You know, she knows what it is. You know I'm not going nowhere. Hopefully she's not going anywhere. But it's, she's, she's cool with It. And what about your kids? That's a that's an interesting question. We've never really had the conversation about it. My son has made, has, has made comments about it. Does he have jokes? No. No, he doesn't. He doesn't, he doesn't, he doesn't have jokes. He doesn't have jokes about it. What are The comments that he's making to you? Well, so that's a good question. We, we have, we have my son and my son's 26 years old right now.


Okay. No, 20. He just turned 27. And we just basically have a lot of father son conversations and, and my conversations are more geared towards preparing him for life and, and, and trying to get him to see The World from different perspectives. Yes. Primarily from a, from a a business perspective. A young man who's gonna be taking care of a family perspective. And he'll make comments just in terms of when I'm trying to explain certain things to him, how things go in life. He, he, he feels, sometimes he'll make a comment like, well, you haven't had to deal with such and such because such and such You know, but You know And I.


Keep having to tell him. I keep having to remind him that You know. I, I You know I slept in a room with my brother till we went to college and we couldn't even open the door. It was so tight in the room. We had bunk beds, we put the bunk bed down, we couldn't even open the door. So I didn't, I didn't, I wasn't born into this You know. And so there's a lot of discipline and hard work to, that has and a blessing You know from God, but discipline and hard work that has me where I'm today. Alright, we got more with Morris Chenu and Ayat Cornell when we come back, don't move us. The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ N nv, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Laura Osa filling in for Jess.


And we're still kicking it with Emti Cornelli and Morris Chestnut. Of course. Reasonable doubt. Season two is on Hulu. Now Charlamagne, what, What did y'all two learn from each other on set? Oh, well, I would say I definitely learned You know, when they asked me how I felt about Morris coming onto the show. Number one, I was just excited. I mean, it's Morris d Chestna You know the, I mean, it's true. You know, just, it's just, he brings a level of professionalism and, and ease. But yet very just approachable and, and, and kind and giving You know what I mean? In a way that you just may not expect for someone who's been in the business for so long, for someone who knows that they have this particular status You know what I mean?


But, but he didn't have any of that You know. So I definitely just appreciated and respected that You know about You. And I appreciate. So the, the one thing You know on a set, the, the number one on the call sheet is the heartbeat of the set, right? The set goes how the number one goal, if the number one's not feeling good today, the set's not gonna have a good day. If the number one's not a good person, it's not a set that you want to be on. She is literally one of the, the best number ones and that I've ever worked with. She, she, I mean this is, it's so hard because when you're, when you're, when you come to a set, You know we have the scenes, we have our lines and we, and we have to worry about our character. And ev she knew everybody's name on the set.


Everybody's name And I. I've been on a set, I've been on a set right now for six months. I still only know probably about seven names outta like a hundred people. And that was just so impressive to me. And, and it was really, she was really inspiring to me just to see how she was doing that. And she made me mad one day. 'cause I always like to be, when they call us to set, I like to be the first one there. And she beat me one time. And I was like, oh, I can't have that. I cannot have her beat me to set because I gotta be there. That too. Yeah. I said I got, I can't have that. So she's just, and, and everything that she does, and she, with all of that, You know she had her daughter there. She's taking care of her daughter. She has You know she's carrying the load on this show. She did it so gracefully, eloquently, and just an incredible actress.


So I just have a huge, she she's inspiring. Now is there Somebody, you talked about number ones. Is there somebody that you say, no matter how much they pay you, you without saying names that you just won't do a movie with them because they just don't act right? Oh no. Oof. No, no. The oof was a, maybe the oof was a baby. No, because someone popped into my head, but I don't, that's just based off of what you hear. I don't know. You know what I mean? I don't, I can't judge someone based on that. So no, I I wouldn't say that Morris. Oh, oh yeah, I have one. He Said I have one. He You know. Yeah. He doesn't, I I'm not sure if he's, I don't think he's done anything too much lately. But yeah, it's, yeah, it's, it can be a really, really, really bad set.


It's just not a good, it's not a working, it's not a free working environment to be an artist when you have everyone walking on eggshells and this person just dictates the whole mood. Yeah. Just of the, of the set. And it just makes it so challenging. Not even to just do your job, just to even be there. Because we spend 12, 13 hours a day. It's like a family You know you spend more time on a set than you do your family. So yeah. So its Probably one question. Let me ask you, I have a question for you. I had heard Erica Alexander talk about how when black women play strong roles on tv, it boxes them in. It's like a good thing 'cause your representation, but it can be a bad thing because it boxes you into this.


Like you always have to, that power, you always have to be tough and rough. Do you think about that when you're picking roles? I know 'cause Jackson's becoming a household now, household name now. Like people love the show. Do you think about that? Do you think how that will affect you? Has that been You know something you, you and your team have talked about? You know, I, I understand what she's saying about that because that is, You know. It's, it's almost can even be a stigma even that's placed upon us as, as black women. But it's not something that I think about because there's an element of it that is true. It's there We are strong. We've had to be strong for so long, for so many reasons. So You know, I, it's not something that I feel like I have to lead with or something that I have to be cognizant of. Yeah. Because I don't, it doesn't, it doesn't, it doesn't bother me in that way.


I see You know what I mean? And so I think I, I do choose roles, not necessarily if I see a role and it says, okay, she's a strong woman or what have you, You know. I know I'm gonna put my own spin on it. And I may not feel like she's strong in the way that they think she's strong. Right. You know what I mean? So I can make a different interpretation. Interpretation on it. Gotcha. Well I know y'all gotta go, so I got my final question. Other than when I'm around Mars, oh my God. Do you ever walk in the room and say, I'm the most handsome man in this? Oh my gosh. No. No. I I I never say That. You did say that one day when we, obviously he did I say that Now.


Don't want you are in the Family Feud video. Right. Jay-Z's Family Feud. Yes. Yes. How, how were you casting for that? Are you cool with the fam or how did that Happen? Ava. Ava because Ava directed it at you. Ava DuVernay. I think that's how we met. We met at Ava's Ava's house. House. Yeah. Yeah we did. She was more chef Now when you was there, Be Honest. Not even close. I didn't, I didn't Thought was help. You thought it was the help. I didn't. Gotcha. He thought it was the help. I was like, well five years ago. Five, six years ago. Yeah. Something Like that. Yeah we were watching the movie or something and Ga no Fight The Fight Fit Mayweather Knight. That's what was, that's what it was. But yeah, that's how that came about with Ava was the director. Yeah. Gotcha. Well We appreciate you guys gotta run. Yeah, Super doubt. I wanna say something to you guys.


I really appreciate what you guys are doing for the culture. I mean I see the guests you guys have on, I see the topics that you guys talk about. And. I appreciate what you guys are doing because especially now in our community you talk about therapy a lot. I love that you guys bring up current topic, current event topics, politics. And so you guys are, I was really excited to come back 'cause I've been here before but I was really excited to come back because I appreciate you guys what you guys are doing for the culture. So thank you guys for that. Thank You very much. You So much Reasonable doubt. Season two is out now on Hulu. Ladies and gentlemen. The Breakfast. Club is Morris Chestnut and Em ATI Corona. Thank you so much. Thank thank you for having Mr. The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Hate I Experience in this room needs to be studied. Lauren? Yes. Got an op over there named Taylor. Yes. Op over there named Lauren.


A op over there named Rashan. People say Ops everywhere man. When the real Morris shows up there's no comparison. So when the Bentley pulls up next to the Chrysler 300 Chryslers generous. First Of all, when I come I'm gonna come here. Yeah do in here. Look as that's what I'm gonna do. You be lotion down six times a day. When Morris came in here you was looking Ashy You know what? I'm gonna come in here tomorrow with a fresh Baldy. Okay You know what I'm gonna put some just, I'm gonna put some of that just for a minute in my bed too. Just to, just to show you while You ain't prepared for a Morris game, somebody said they do look like Brothers You know always the one brother. That's fine. And the other brother that's ugly. Yeah. You like You know when you be like do you got a brother, this don't even bother me And you be disappointed when they bring the Charlemagne. Don't none of this bother me whatsoever. Okay. Yeah. When one thing you can never do is break my soul.


All. Okay. Morning everybody. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Yes. That op over There salute to Morris Chestnut for just leaving and ate. Hmm. They look nothing like Charlamagne. What the hell Did you just say? I said salute to Morris Chestnut and ate for joining Us this morning. Oh SLU ate what you Thought he Told you? I thought he was saying fine and Asian or something. You said you called him fine and Chinese look de Morris's Chestnut for being emti. What? Hell, that's what he talking about. What's Wrong With you man? Yo, yesterday. Hold on, hold on. I gotta tell this story. Oh we was sitting in the room after Morris's Chestnut and Emti left and Emmy just for no reason. Everything was quiet. We was just sitting here. Mine and all been, all of a sudden he goes, they both look good.


He's like what? Yeah. Am I lying Alone? No, no, we No didn't hear it. I did because I it came outta nowhere. It's you was sitting and pondering they Both look good. Nah. 'cause the brother Morris Chestnut is 55 years old. Envy. And she, how you said it was 45? Four six. And I'm like they look great for their, you sounded like You was over there. Brick Up brick pondered. You just sit and ponder Is wild. Up is wild. He was over there Up. Bricked up is wild. I say they look Good for the age. No bro. You was over there. YSL Woody you talking about yo, they both look good. I didn't. That's what you said bro. Why L Woody? Yo. The brother is 55 years old. The sisters like 45. I was like, they look good. We need that dictionary for 2024. You older than Her. I said they look good. I can't say somebody look good age.


He's 55. Nah, You, you really just wanted to say more. That's that's what was looking at. What you added her in because you didn't want us to get on You. Now we talk But during the interview y'all, y'all listened to the interview. Me and MAIT we was sitting here like do we even exist in this room? Y'all were, you were. Mm. It's okay. Let's get to Jess with the messing on the roast please. It's up. Jessica Robin Moore just Don't do no lying. She Don't spend nobody Bro. Why Jess World? Why mess on The? Breakfast Club. She's the coach with Lauren. Lauren LaRosa, I'm Back. And. I got the mess. Talk to me. So Gorilla has announced her features for her upcoming album, her debut album.


Glorious. Now this album has 15 tracks and yesterday she posted some photos. So I'm so excited for her. So she has lotto on this project. Okay. That's dope. She has Sexy Red, sexy red, sexy on this project. I love Sexy and Glow together. Money Long will be on the project as well. Kiara, she am I saying her last name right? She, yes she Kara Sheer Heathen will be on. No, I just always say she she I say it wrong. Always we'll be on this project as well. Chandler Moore will be on this project as well. They all on the same song by the Way. Megan Thee stallion. I love a visual boss man. dlo will be on this project.


T Payne. T Payne. Friday. Friday. Yep. Yep. Yep. Kirk Franklin. Y'all. Kirk Franklin. She got her Kirk Franklin feature. That's Dope. Kirk Franklin, Kiara shared in, what's the other gospel brother you just named? Chandler Moore. Chandler Moore. They're all on the same song. It was called Rain Down. Yes. Now listen, a year ago about Gorilla was on the carpet at the Grammys and Kirk Franklin was interviewing her. Let's take a listen. So are You asking for like a like a like a song? Is that what you're trying to say? What? Somebody coming outta her? Is that what you're trying to say? I Got it.


I am so happy for her Gloria. Hallelujah. I am so happy for her And I know the Mu music is going to be great. But she gorilla ever since she's come out, she's been the person that I think all of us just root for. You just want everything to work out for her. First of all. She's very dope as a rapper. And all I'm gonna tell you is Gorilla album is top tier. Now you're talking to a person who listens to a lot of gorilla and a lot of people put out a lot of music right before their So-called debut album drops. Yes. And it's just regular. No Gorilla definitely elevated her art on glorious. And that's all I'm gonna say. I'm excited. So it's Glow. I'm excited to hear it Now in other news, Diddy News we, why we haven't done Dinny in like what, like two days. We did Diddy yesterday with his mom. Really? Dang. It's Always something. I ain't never did Diddy. See that's how people get indicted right there.


I ain't never did Diddy a damn my goddamn life. Now If, you want to admit that you did Diddy, that's on you. You said Diddy News? Nope. You be hearing what you want to hear. Yeah, he over there so nervous. Yeah, he Over there. I ain't Diddy, I ain't, I ain't do. No, don't worry Charlotte, this one's for you. 'cause they're talking about the people that may pop out in You know some of these little tape. Hang on. I can say that without a shadow over doubt. So Tony Busby, who was the attorney that is representing the over 120 people that did that big press conference, he did an interview with law and Crime and Law and Crime. Is that t that network that like shows all the cases live in the court? Yep. And he told them that 12,000 people called the hotline that they set up for Diddy. For Diddy accusers within 24 hours.


Of course they did. Because you put it on the internet. Yeah. People Wanna check. They gonna say anything they possibly could say To get a check. And not even that people playing. I'm not saying that there's not real accusers and there's not real, there's lot people playing, but there's probably more people playing. That's what I said last week. So listen, TMZ did an interview with him and they got into this as well. 'cause they wanna know how do you vet all of this? I say listen, And you were there in the room or you participated or you watched it happen and didn't say anything or you helped cover it up. In my view, you have a problem. As we file each one of these cases, we're gonna make an effort to resolve them on the front end. But failing that, we're gonna file public lawsuits and pursue these cases aggressively. So who will be named when? They will be named? All that will come out in due course.


All of these individuals and entities in my view have exposure here. Are we talking about celebrities on The level of Diddy? I Would expect so, yes. But There are also people who wanna jump on the gravy train and wanna make money. And that's gotta be a big slice of what you're getting. You know you get 3,200 calls and that turns into a hundred some odd clients. I think you see the process that we're involved in. We're doing a lot of vetting, a lot of due diligence. What's What's the process? What's the vetting process? Yeah, I Was gonna say, does he have that much staff to do that much vetting? Like 3,200 people calling. Thousands of people calling. I'll try and find out and figure that out. That's A lot of, I would love to know what the ting we'll come, that's a I'll try to figure, I'll try and reach out and figure that out.


But yeah, let's Let, let's let the record show. He said If, you was at the parties, you had a problem. I told y'all, I told y'all this two weeks ago that If, you ever was around any of this. You did You know you probably gonna have a problem. There's only one person in this room who's been to a Diddy party. It's not me. I've been me Either. I I've been, but I don't know about none of that crazy stuff. That's, that's the ones I was at was just a regular day party. I don't know. Subpoena, LaRosa. Subpoena. LA said Subpoena. Can we It's over. Wrap it up. It's time to go You whent finish. You was gonna say something else about a Diddy Situation. I was just gonna say I had some more numbers. They said in a 10 day period they got 3,200 calls and then after the press conference they received the 12,000 calls. That's crazy. How Do you vic that? Exactly. Come on man. We can't be this stupid as a society.


We are, once again, I'm sure that there's real alleged victims and there's, there's real alleged accusers, right? Well no, there's real accusers and alleged victims. That's the what? The proper wording. But If, you do a press conference and you tell everybody that there's a one 800 Diddy rape me hotline. You're going to have people calling the hotline playing. Yes. How do you vet that? There's People calling you. I'm show taping themselves to see if they got Through. You tried to call. Did you try to call? No. Did you? No. Oh, would I call? Mm. I was just making sure Charlotte was all right. Mm. I Didn't call you good. Hmm. Let's get to the donkey today. Who you giving a donkey to this morning? Four after the hour, we need Marjorie Taylor Green to come to the front of the congregation. We'd like to have a war with her. All Right, we'll get to that.


Next. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. You are checking out The. Breakfast. Club. This is a miracle. There is no question that there are problems in this country between police and community. Yes you are a donkey. The latest on that police killing of a black man. Now a new development in the deadly spa shooting rampage. Man, Yesterday was a really bad day for him and this is what He Did. And so we are in a state of emergency. Okay? White supremacist violence is, it always has been the number one threat to our society. But I'm also very proud that my wife is white The Breakfast Club bitches. Alright, Charlene, please tell me why was I your donkey of the day?


Donkey today for Tuesday, October 8th goes to the bleach blonde, bad built but bodied congresswoman from Georgia. Marjorie Taylor Green. Yes. The mayonnaise is heavy with this one. Oh, a human jar of Hellmans is upon us. It's safe to say Marrie Taylor Green is about as loony as a Batman villain, right? I mean she would be a platinum member at Arkham Asylum, correct? Well, today Marjorie Taylor Greene is getting the credit she deserves for being stupid because she just refuses to deal with reality. Okay? In this case, we all have seen the devastation. Hurricane Alina has caused over 200 confirmed deaths, destruction of homes, damage the infrastructure, severe flooding. It's just all bad. And what I don't understand is politicians who will politicize these natural disasters, some things should be bigger than politics.


I saw the Vice President Kamala Harris say Ron DeSantis won't even take her calls in regards to Hurricane Helene And I just don't understand that the same way. I don't understand what Marjorie Taylor Greene is saying. See, mother Nature should be the most humbling thing for humans, okay? Until extraterrestrials come. Because Mother Nature doesn't care what race you are. She don't care about your sexuality, your religion, your political party. Mother Nature is one of the few things that should bring people together. It's one of the few things that should make us realize in the grand scheme of things, we are tripping, focusing on our differences instead of focusing on what we have in common. Because in those moments, when a category four, a category five hurricane is about to impact your town, you all have one thing in common.


And that thing is survival. That's it. Nothing more, nothing less. And when you are busy trying to survive mother nature, the last thing you want to hear is someone like Marjorie Taylor Greene peddling conspiracy theories about why what is happening is happening. And that's exactly what Marjorie Taylor Green did. Let's go to ABC 10 for the report please. And tonight we're looking into a story getting a lot of buzz. In the last 24 hours, it claims Congresswoman Marjorie Taylor Greene is implying Democrats caused Hurricane Helene to harm Republicans. And folks, this one is true. Last night Green wrote on X, yes, they can control the weather. It's ridiculous for anyone to lie and say it cannot be done.


While she didn't say exactly who they are, the post came just hours after green posted this map showing the political lien of the areas impacted by the hurricane. And as you can see, there is definitely more red than blue. Green has pushed many conspiracy theories in the past, including some which have been called antisemitic. Marjorie Taylor Green says she doesn't believe in climate change. But If, you tell her the weather is controlled by the Illuminati, then all of a sudden she's a meteorologist. Who knows? They control the weather. Who the hell is they? That is always the question. Okay, is it the they DJ callers used to talk about? Is it the they, the L-G-B-T-Q community talks about You? know that confusing pronoun stuff.


Who is they? Okay, Marjorie If, you gonna make a claim like this? At least say who they is. Real conspiracy theorists say names like Harp. Okay, If, you would've said Harp controls the weather. Tin foil hat. Twitter would've crowned you Queen. Maybe they still did because of these comments. I don't know. But the reason Marjorie Taylor Green is getting donkey today, it is because when you make claims like this, it throws a middle finger to science. Not just science. It throws a middle finger to reliable sources of information. Okay? Leads people to believe in folks foolish feelings as opposed to actual facts. And what should really piss us off is when Marjorie Taylor Green spews rhetoric like this, it distracts from real conversations we should be having about A climate change.


And B, how to prepare for these natural disasters. Do you understand how difficult it is to get people to care about the truth? Nowadays we are in an era where facts don't change most people's opinions because most people don't use facts to form their opinions. They use their opinions to form their facts. So when a congresswoman like Marjorie Taylor Green starts throwing around nut ass conspiracy theories like they control the weather, you're just misinforming the public and your constituents. But you are also just simply undermining real science. And we will never, ever solve the problem of climate change if we can't even admit that climate change is real. And the news has to stop giving stuff like this oxygen because it spreads the foolishness more than it suppresses it.


I let you hear a, B, C 10 earlier. Let's listen to M-S-N-B-C. Now. The death toll from Hurricane Helene is now more than 200 people. 220 people, while hundreds of others remain unaccounted for such tragic figures. Didn't stop. Didn't stop some of the extreme members of the Republican party from gaslighting the American public about the cause of the storm with Marjorie Taylor Greene tweeting And I quote, yes, they control the weather. It's ridiculous for anyone to lie and say it can't be done. So Marjorie, who are they? Who are the they you are referring to?


Exactly. Democrats, Jewish space lasers. Who knows? You can't just report this stuff. You have to shoot it down with actual information and facts. Stomp it out. Can't just report it and leave it there. Gotta ask more than just who is they? Okay? This is why people are skeptical about scientific truths. And this is why no matter how hard America tries, we will never be able to solve real problems. Climate change, deia flat earth fools. We shouldn't talk to none of 'em after 5:00 PM and you shouldn't be talking to any of 'em for free ever. Okay? Now I have some flat earth fools in my life that I love, but I'm not taking on. No new friends that are flat or fools are climate change deniers.


Nope. You need to really reevaluate your life. If, you and Marjorie Taylor Greene are on the same page about some of this stuff. Okay? Marjorie Taylor Greene thinks climate change is a hoax. She's the person that will deny science because she probably believes the sun just runs on vibes. Okay? But the good thing about science is that it's true whether or not you believe in it. Please let Kathy Griffin give Marjorie Taylor Greene the biggest hee-haw. Please give this Giant jar of mail the biggest hee-haw. You believe in a flat earth? No, I'm not a flat earth. Okay, just making sure I have one in my life though. Okay. Who Is it? My, my brother.


Oh, The youngest child is always the most special. How do you feel about that when he says these things? I love Him regardless. Okay, but Do you tell 'em that there's actually people that have been in space and have seen, I Stopped telling 'em stuff Long, long time ago. Do you tell'em ago. There's, there's so many things that you can see from earth. Like the moon and like the sun. And you can see that those are spears. Mm. But You know, tell those things look delirious. Like this guy really thinks he looked like more a chestnut. It's the same as the flag you Think your did is real. You try to convince us every day that that's your real beard color. So what you saying? So, and you tried to go in and color that little hole in during one of the Bricks. I did not touch it at all. I did not move. I did not go anywhere. Yes you did. Yes did. Yeah. You are a liar. Yes. You, you Are a liar. You dirty liar.


Where's my, what's that drop? Where's the drop? You don't have that drop anymore. More What? Thank you for that dog and a day liar. What am I lying about Now when we come back, the fuck you went your classroom size? How big was it? Very small. Like the bus. Very small bus drove. I was in full class for a little second. Glad fell to standardized test just for some, just for like one time. I, Everything about you screams getting Patience. I was, I was in remedial English one time. You worse? I was. I was. I ain't gonna sit there lie about it. I was definitely in remedial English at one point. I was so scared. 'cause I used to, those are the kids I used to tease. They put in Not supposed to tease them kids. I know I was young. You gonna judge me before what I did when I was 17? Come on. Now everybody else does Know.


That's terrible. Gosh. All right. When we come back, Matt Barnes and Steven Jackson will be joining us all. All the smoke podcasts. Those brothers will be here. Please listen to the All the Smoke podcast. It's on the Black Effect iHeartRadio podcast network. And so many of you do. And today they are celebrating five years of all the smoke and they've dropped a new coffee table book called All the Smoke, all the Stars, all the stories. No apologies. It's out right now on my book. Im print Black Privilege Publishing. Simon and Schuster came out today. So they'll be here to talk about that. Yep. And we'll talk to them next. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Wake that ass up In the morning. The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody.


It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is on maternity leave. So Lauren LaRosa is filling in and we got some special guests in the building. That's right. We got Matt Barnes and Steven Jackson. Welcome fellas. What's up family man, how y'all feeling? Good. Good. Tired but good Ty. Be good. Collectively known as the All the Smoke podcast That right of their new coffee table book is out right now. All The Smoke Man You know. I always say like I know that there's a lot of athletes who do podcasts and stuff now. I don't know anybody before y'all. I feel like y'all started that whole wave. So to see y'all be the first with a, with a, with a coffee table book, man, that makes so much sense to me. Man. It's been a blessing. It's been a journey. I mean our five year anniversary is tomorrow.


Wow. If you would've told me like five years later we'd have a coffee table book, a whole production company and people working underneath us. I would've been like, you're full of shit. I didn't even know what a podcast was at the time. So You know, we are blessed to come together and, and and and fine. Lightning in a bottle and thankful for the opportunities. And obviously being able to partner with you and your, your, your company and, and be able to get this done was dope. How did this happen? A Lot of people don't know that, bro. Shout out to you. A lot of Success for You know a lot of stuff that we have going on. You brought our way and, and you thought about us even with Black Effects. So we appreciate you. Sure. A lot people don't know that. So we gotta give your props too. All Love 'em, my brothers. How, how did this come about though? This, this, this for a podcast like I know y'all was partners Together homie. Well we, I think we, I I think Jack retired maybe one or two years before me and we both got out and we were doing ES ESP n and Fox and getting positive feedback and people said we needed to do something together and we were at my house in the bay one time smoking and I'm just like, you wanna do a podcast?


And he is like, sure, what is it? And I was like, I don't really know, but I think I think we can drink and smoke. 'cause we were working ES ESP N and Fox You know you gotta kind of walk that line. So it was just a little bit more to our comfort zone and he said, yeah. So I started doing the homework and and we landed here. We landed at Showtime. Yeah. Kamala was your, your most recent said We did Joe Kim Noah after her, but yeah, Kamala was yeah. A big boy for us. And how was that? I know you were a little reluctant a little bit at First. Oh no. Every You know that I called him. I talked to him about it. Me and Matt, we went at it for a couple days about it. You didn't wanna do it at first? Nah, because I, I really don't want to get in politics. I don't, I don't even wanna be involved and a lot of people that support me don't get involved You know what I'm saying? I look at it the same way I look at it.


But as a friend and as a brother to him, You know anything that that that he asks me to do something You know nine outta 10 times. I'm loyal to a fault You. know what I'm saying? Even if it's something I don't want to do. But I know it's beneficial for our company. I know it's be And, I. See, after, after I did the interview, I see now I have a lot of women in my life. I have eight aunts, six daughters, You know. So I would look to them after I did the interview. I'm glad I did it now because they all look at her and they, and look up to her and, and aspire to be great like her. So I'm glad I did it. You know when he said he didn't want to, first of all I told him, I said Stack, have I ever led you wrong in a business decision or life? And he said, no. But You know when he said he didn't want to get in involved with the politics. I I, I told him You know, I don't think that was his choice because once he did that George Floyd thing, you put put a smack dab in the middle that right of the biggest leading, one of the biggest protests this world has ever seen.


So a lot of things come with that. A lot of good, a lot of bad. But a lot of things come with that. And I think that he implanted himself in the middle. And I always will respect his opinion. But I just thought this could be an opportunity for, he has a, a very loyal following and it could have been a You know. It was a, it was an opportunity for him to You know, get some stuff on his chest or ask straight to the face, You know, ask, ask her straight to the face those questions. So I'm glad he decided to come around. It took him a minute, like literally, Hey, let me tell you bro, until she came in the room, Jack wouldn't. Oh wow. Right. Until, so so she came in the room and then she took us away from the group and, and took us on a walk throughout the house and started showing us these, this dope black art and sculptures. And I opened up a little bit. Jack was still tough like this.


And then he saw this one piece of art he liked and she talked about it and she had moved on. And I kept following and he went and touched the art and looked at it. I was like, uhoh, she might be getting to him. And then he showed, she showed this dope ass chandelier. And then once she showed the chandelier and explained it and, and the jack started smile, I was like, all right. She got him. So we were straight. So it took him a minute to warm up. But she know. Did she know that you didn't wanna do it? She Hasn't, yeah, She had a little bit. She had a little, somebody might handed her. Did Y'all smoke before y'all got there? I did. Oh, of course. I I'm high now. Yeah. It, it was too presidential to be able to try to sneak it in and get one off and, and we was representing a lot of people so we didn't want get in trouble. But yeah, definitely we pregamed, You know that was one of 'em. Smoke, shower, You know in The shower Steam.


So don't mess up the hotel smelling like it. You know. Y'all had the last conversation with Kobe Bryant, last interview with Kobe Bryant. And. I always wondered, was that the last time either one of y'all actually spoke to him before he Passed? That was the first and last time I spoke to him since we played against each other. Wow. I know Matt, y'all had a relationship. Yeah, we would see each other a little bit more because he was coaching Gigi And. I was coaching the twins. So we had talked maybe one time after that. And then he had sent some shoes literally the week the, I think he passed on a Sunday. He sent shoes that previous Monday to the twins in their whole team. So they had just got fresh Kobe. So we had spoke and then obviously like I said, he sent some shoes the week of the actual, the past. So it was, it was tough man.


What stands out from that conversation? I mean, you have it, y'all have it in the all the smoke coffee table book, but what stands out from that conversation just from that date? We had a conversation in this office before we actually got on camera and he was really adamant about this next 20 years then. And, and for The World to be prepared for what he was doing in business. He was just finishing writing one of the children novels he was working on. And he was just like, fellas, like I don't want people to remember me for my last 20 years. I want them to remember me for my next 20 years. Right. You know he had the fund and had won Emmys and doing all kinds of stuff in the business space. And obviously really saw when I got to see him coach Gigi and, and just, he didn't always, never showed a ton of joy, but you can just tell he loved it. I mean he had these little girls running the triangle offense, which takes grown men a long time to learn.


He had these girls practicing four or five days a week, three hours a day. Like the thing about Kobe was he didn't take nothing light when it came to basketball. So these were little young girls, but they were running the Lakers offense to a tee. It was, but he was like a drill sergeant with it. But you could tell he loved it. You know all those little girls loved him and looked up to him and just the passion behind that was, was, was beautiful to see. For, for me, I think seeing, meeting him as a teenager and seeing him grow into the icon, he was, I I just admired that You know with so many players and basketball players, you come across doing a a u and traveling You know coming up as a teenager, you see so many people that's supposed to be great that don't live up to it. You know what I'm saying? He lived up to it and exceeded it. So You know just to be able to sit there to talk to him after our careers You know what I mean?


And go through the memories You. know what I'm saying? You know before he passed them and everything to me. Mm. Yeah. What do you think about the Lakers now? We see Bronny play the last two games and people are on Brody's ass when And that's a beautiful, I showed him the picture when we got in the car. We saw the That's the dopest picture when he helping his dad up. They that's the dopest whoever hat die. Yeah. I mean I think if anyone deserves this opportunity to play with his son, I think it's him You know what I mean? And and the fact that that whole thing was orchestrated for him to, to, to get to the Lakers is, is amazing. And I was, I was, I had a moment this past summer because my twins are 15 now. So I, I take them and play against grown men. And I remember one time me and the twins were on the same team playing and we was hooping. I'm just like, man, this is so dope. I couldn't imagine this on the highest level. Right. So to me, I mean the kid was the 55th pick.


Normally the 55th pick doesn't even make it so all these crazy expectations for him earlier ridiculous. Like allow him to develop. But You know we don't live in a world where development is allowed, especially on the highest level. So I think from a father son aspect is incredible. But You know the Lakers are are one of those teams where you gotta produce, what have you done for me lately? And they haven't necessarily done that. So it's gonna be interesting You know, scrutinized year, I think We were talking about that earlier. Do you think that bro will actually have the chance to develop or you feel like people are gonna pigeonhole him so much that it might I Think he has even more of a chance to develop 'cause his father's death. Like that's the motivation he have. And he, he's seen what it takes to be great. So all that is in him already. And now he's in the, in the, in the facilities where you have everything here to be great. I think. I think he has everything he need.


And I think he's definitely gonna blossom over there. And I also think too, I mean I don't think you look at Brony in the same light as you look at LeBron. That's what I don't LeBron Try to though Try. I just think, I think he's gonna be a very solid role player. I mean, he's got a HighQ high IQ place. Defense can make the right play can shoot the ball. So I just think he needed a little bit more time to develop and now he's developing on the biggest stage. But I think You know he's a three, four years, he's gonna be a very solid rotational player. I, we got more with Steven Jackson and Matt Barnes from the All The Smoke podcast when we come back. So don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is filling in for Jess and we still kicking it with Stephen Jackson and Matt Barnes from the All The Smoke podcast.


Charlamagne. What was The process of putting this book together? Like how did y'all choose which conversations to put in there? Shout out. Dylan Got into it. Publishing Company. Yeah, obviously. Yeah. You and the company. And then Dylan. Just understanding You know where we, the caliber of guests we had in and the different topics we spoke on. You know, again, there's a ton of people in this space now as far as sports, but I don't look as up as competition. I think everyone had their own journey and their own voice and their own experiences. And, I think, we still think with all the conversations we had, our conversations are still different from everybody else's. So just important You know, family, mental health, everything that comes along in this journey. And, and, and You know we've been able to transition from not just a sports show to just kind of a more of a culturally relevant show.


You know, absolutely You know. We're talking to the Kevins and the Wills and the Jadas and the Jamies and the, and the, and the VPs. So I just think You know high level conversations with high level people and You know being able to be celebrated with that. I mean, if I'm not mistaken, we're the first podcast with the coffee table book. Absolutely. So I think it's, it's, it's a tremendous opportunity. We're very thankful for it. And, and, and hope that everyone checks it out. How did, how did you guys know it was time to, you talk a lot about transition, that it was time to transition and, and like lean into like, okay, the podcast, the merch, like just the business side of things. Like, was that a switch? It probably was playing, but when did You know like, okay, it's time to jump the fence now. Man, the reason why I left the NBA the, the, the, the first year of a three year deal, I happened to win a championship with Golden State And I wasn't get a chance, didn't get paid two years after you got planned.


So I, I, I didn't, I wasn't getting a chance to see my kids You. know what I mean? So I, I You know the, it was kind of a perfect storm. We won a championship and, and And I was ready to move. So I was just kind of excited and, and And I think sometimes how, why athletes have a hard time transitioning because they don't get to leave on their own accord. Right? Most of the time it's injuries or a reputation or just teams don't want no more. But You know I was someone that just You know I was in the midst of a contract and I'm just like, man, You know. This is the blessing we won. I want, I'm missing so much time with my sons. I'm a You know I'm a father first. So You know that was my transitioning reason. And then once I transitioned I'm like, damn, what's next? You know, I, I had invested well and You know had some things moving, but I knew I was still needed to find something to do.


And You know Media came knocking for both of us. You know, we, we, we kind of ran with it. So, I mean Jack is the kind of guy that You know. He, he, he, he trusts very few. So if you're in his trust circle, he's gonna listen to you. And when I pitched him idea, he trusted me to run with it and, and make it happen. And You know that's what I was able to do. I wanna ask some basketball questions before y'all get up outta here. Play Thompson. What you think about him leaving the Warriors and and do you think it was time for him to go? I think it's a breath. A breath of fresh air for him. I mean some, some guys need that during their career. You know what I mean? You, you played at a certain spot for so long, it's a bad feeling in the body. I ain't one last couple years. So a lot of times they gonna try to find somebody to blame it on and it fell on Clay You know what I'm saying? Which, which is unfortunate because he's the reason why they have a big part why they have all those championships over there.


But this is how professional sports business goes. Yeah. This is how it goes. And I think it's great for him because he's landed in a spot where he can do what he do best. With two of the best one-on-one players ever in the Ky and Luca, he could spot up and shoot jumpers. So I think, I think it's a great, a great situation for him. 'cause I, I've been in a situation where I, I was somewhere And I needed to go to a different team to be, to flourish and be a better player when I came to Golden State. So that's kind of same for him. You play a hooper scorer. Clay is a hooper. Hooper, yeah. Oh yeah. He played on both ends. WNBA What are your thoughts this year? What a new excitement, new life. It, it, sometimes I ain't go front. It feels better than the NBA. It's, it's What's your thoughts on WNBA Kevin talking And I think it's Just the, the women's game is pure man You know what I'm saying? They, they, they all play it the right way.


It's refreshing to watch. It is good to see them start to get their money and get the attention that they deserve. I'm a hooper so I'm all for anybody that's hooping, that's putting in that work You know what I'm saying? That's grind all these years to get to the top. I'm, I'm happy that, that they're getting to just do, I think the growth of the game is tremendous You know the fact that we're talking about it and seeing it on ESPN and all the highlights and, and, and You know we're doing a piece that I'm excited about on Andrew Reese and Caitlin Clark and just their dynamic that they brought to the game and, and the vehicle of new fans they brought. And you've heard kind of some of the good and the bad that have come with that You know Angel spoke out on just the negativity and the racism that have come from some fans and kind of using them. But is That normal though? 'cause You know it, it seems like that's normal in the league.


I'm sure that you guys have been called 1,000,001 names. Absolutely. Absolutely. You get into a fight. Utah, Boston. You played in Indiana. Indiana, man. Like what? Utah Remember? Yeah. Oh yeah. I Had just got in trouble in, in Indiana. That's back when you still had the space between your teeth. Yeah, yeah. Had, yeah, exactly. Yeah. I had a dude had a cardboard cut out under the goal with me in a jail suit. Oh no. Shoot. It was funny too. We was all laughing though. We signed it for him and all. Yeah, no, but I just, I think the growth of the game is tremendous. I think it's gonna continue to grow. It's got new eyeballs and new sponsorship and, and new money and You know. We just want to continue to celebrate them. There was a video last year in November that went viral of you and Derek Fisher coaching the twins together.


That was a really, that video was like, I think The World was like, oh wow. Yeah. You know what I mean? The World. Yeah. Me. And I was there. I'm like, hold up Jack. We doing, I was I remember 2015 everything before that. Right. What was it like getting to that point where now we on the court, well it's important to do it, but what was That like? You know people don't understand that me and Phish squashed that summer after it happened. Like that happened at the beginning of one season and then the next summer, once I found out he was around and then twins cared about him. Like we squashed it because it wasn't about my ex And I no more. It was about trying to raise these young men. Right? So Phish has been in the boys' life for almost half their life. You know what I mean? So we've always been And I was real enough to sit down and have a conversation with them. Like, bro, I'm still playing, so you're gonna see my kids more than me.


I need you to teach them the ropes Right. While I'm not around. So to me, You know once I got over and once we talked about how I didn't agree with the move and it could have went a different way. Like it, like it wasn't about saving that, it was about harvesting and, and we gotta raise two young black men. So I mean, I think he's done a great job. I tip my hat to him all the time. I mean, he's, he's their second dad and he You know I coach him in the summer during AAU and he coaches them during high school. So I mean, when people see us, they still kind of trip out. But like we, our our beef was for a season wasn't even that long. Love that for y'all. Yeah. It's easy to squash beef when you win the fight. See back, don't even long time merch Matt, ball Steven Jackson, we appreciate.


Oh y'all, y'all got some shows, right? Live show today. Yep. Yeah. Philly with, with million dollars worth of game and, and a really special guest coming through with them, man. So we're, we're excited to be on East Coast. Yeah. Jim Jones Davies. All 'em said they was pulling up. So I'm looking to see Y gonna See, is it gonna be AI in Philly? How'd You know? We gonna see Who is that real? We Gonna see that's what that's happening. That's probably my favorite to Billy for that. The ai, all the smoke conversation is probably my favorite. AI convers That wasn't, it was deep. Yeah, That conversation is in the all the Smoke coffee table book, which is out right now. All the stalls, all the stories. No apologies. Go get it. That's right. It's The Breakfast, Club. Good morning, The, Breakfast Club.


Listen, make sure you go out there and grab the Good Brothers. Matt Barnes and Steven Jackson, new coffee table book, all the Smoke, all the stories, all the, all the stars, all the stories. No apologies available whether you buy books today. That's right. And let's get to Just With The Mess with Lauren Osa news Is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. She Don't nobody World on The. Breakfast Club. She's a coach. Lauren. Lauren back. And. I Got the Mess. Talk Talk to me. Fat Joe has a new show on Stars.


Okay. S look to Joey Crack talks and it's, it's, it's produced very, very well. Have you guys watched it yet? I seen some of the parts with Meth Man. Okay. I've seen Some The clips. Yeah. So If, you have Amazon Prime, you can get stars through Amazon Prime as well too. Oh, So it debuted already? Yes, yes. Oh, I Didn't know that. So First episode. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yesterday. Yep. I watched the episode. It's with Method Man and there's, it's, it's with two people. I only saw the method man part though. So he sat down with Met Man they talked about a lot. Like they take, they go back to Staten Island, they talk through You know the upcoming like of the, of their relationship and how like back in the day you couldn't like show emotion and You know just all that good stuff. And You know how Fat Joe is with telling stories and being animated. So it's, it is a really good watch. But they get into a conversation that Met Man has had publicly just about like depression and his upbringing.


So he starts talking about just his life and just some of the things that he's, he's went through And I think in that moment he realizes just You know how tough stuff was for him at one point. And they talk about the fact that he's actually putting together a book right now. Let's take a listen. You get a thought about, damn, I wonder what this person's doing. Act on it, call 'em. Yeah. See how they doing or just find some way to get in contact with 'em. It never hurts. You have no idea how much that could mean to them. 'cause You know I I go through these bouts with certain shit and Yeah. Do you still go through that? Yeah. Depress it never really goes away. You know I went through depression after my sister died. Pun died. My grandfather, I can Imagine, imagine Two years straight going to therapist and it could be a sunny day. The the dark outside, Was it an aggressive type of Depression?


No, I went through it through, yeah. I was sleeping in the bathtub with no water running. Wow. Yeah. Hooking up at the ceiling. And I went through a therapist and it took me two years of beating myself up. And so I tell people you could be in a gang, you could be in anything, somebody trying to kill you. Just move to another state. Another state. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. When you fighting your own brain, it's with you all the time. I love hearing Brothers have those conversations because the only way to eradicate the stigma around mental health is for everybody to tell their story. So I'm glad that they sharing their stories with each other. And the sad thing about it is like somebody like Met Man and Fat Joe is like You know they're celebrities, they're stars so people don't see that side of it. They just wanna see the turning on Wu-Tang all the time.


Yeah but You know everybody goes through something so salute some Met Man and Joey Crack And they're the go-to people in their family. Yes. So it's like who, who does the go-to person go to when they need somebody to to talk to? So And met the man actually talked about that too. He talked about how You know because Fat Joe was saying that You know sometimes he regrets a lot of just different things that he's done or just You know, like just kind of some of the grief that he feels like he's caused other people like his parents or like whoever because of the different things he was doing as he was coming up and having to learn. And he asked Metha man like You know, do you regret anything? And Metha man says You know. I wonder sometimes if my parents have regrets 'cause he talked about his mom being a very young mom. We have that second clip about the book that's Actually, I'm working on a book and the funny thing that's happened was this girl that I had the meeting with, the writer actually I grew up with her sister in Long Island.


She know my life and there was so many things that she didn't realize until I told her. Like even the family I was staying with, she thought that was my family. It wasn't, I was actually homeless and they took me in kind of You, know what I mean? I was in them street streets When I tell you I was out in the street, I was out in the street. We talking five, six years old coming home after dark police had to come get me kind of shit. Yeah. Used to drive my mother crazy brother. I'd be wondering if my parents got killed. But the book will explain And he talks about how on this side of things about the man because his mom went through so much. She was a young mom, three kids, no real help. She had a rough life and she did the best she could. So he said, he just talks about how he tries to make everything so good for her now because of so much that she went through.


But it was a really great conversation produced very well too. The visuals are really good as Well. And it is not just dark. They talk about him making records. Like the what with Notorious BIG. He talks about a lot of the stuff that he's done. It's just not all, all dark. No, No. It's a full encompassing conversation. That's Right. And by the way, to me those conversations aren't dark You. know what I'm saying? Those conversations aren't dark because they are leading people to the light because If, you don't deal with your trauma. Your trauma will ultimately deal with you. So when you hear brothers having those conversations, but then they're also talking about going to therapy and being on those healing journeys. Those aren't dark conversations to me. Those are actually conversations filled with light and The, and the great thing about those conversations is You know Fat Joe said he was in therapy for two years. Fat Joe makes it his business to check up on everybody that he loves.


They talked about that too. And I love Fat Joe for that. It doesn't matter what it is, it's not, he doesn't ask for anything. He calls the people that he loves around him. Not just his well family, his family and friends. Just to say, yo, how you doing? How is your family? Are you okay? Do you need anything? I love you and Joe calls me frequently just to make sure I'm okay and my head is okay. So Joey Crack, I love you just wanna Say that they was saying like in back in the times when they were coming up, y'all would be in the club and like you see somebody, you wanna say what's up? You won't be happy to see 'em. You couldn't be happy to see 'em. You just had to, everything had to be suppressed. So he said that they make it a point now And I, check it on your people. Envy left out the fact that job be sending him that. Why rewind the time. What is it? Why fight the time when you can rewind the time that beard Darkness.


Joe Actually hasn't sent me that, but I'm sure that he will send it to me now. What up Joe? Did he said that to you though in real life, right? He did. He walked it to me at the DNC and he, he touched my grades and he said why fight the time when you can rewind the Look at y'all Fat Joe Charlamagne at the DNC. That's right. That's a man Fat Joe having conversations about mental health like yep, I'm proud of y'all. Well my fourth annual mental health expert was this Saturday. I heard at the Marriott Marques Times Square from 11:00 AM to 4:00 PM early I I bring some of the best therapists, some of the best psychiatrists, brief counselors, spiritual leaders, and it's a free event open to all ages. Envy said early. Yeah, you should be there early. Good. Nah, you said you got something later, early tonight so you should Go early. No, no, no. It's during the day. My brother's baby shower.


My brother. What time I have to be there by like 11, 12 to set up Drop yesterday said three o'clock. Somebody gotta bring the baby in the family. What you say? Nothing. You Said somebody gotta have A baby. I did not salute her brother on her on his baby shower. That is not, I almost did you Whoa Issue Jay. Yeah, you be firing real heavy from over there. You gonna run outta ammo and when you do You crazy throwing bottles. Run outta am throwing Bottles. You Gonna go over there scrambling You know what I'm gonna Do? Never suit the black rob. Rest of this black Rob, you gimme too much great material.


Yesterday Lauren told us that Safari was her cousin. Safari is really from Delaware. Delaware that she be designing safari's, vest, jean jacket, jeans, jean vest. We looked it up on Chad. GB News T All was true. Fake news. News. All this is true. Fake news. Fake news. Then she tried to randomly, you just said Some people in Don today, Randomly in the group chat for whatever reason she was just like, y'all lucky I'm on the phone with my man. Me and Vy ignored her because we knew that was a lie. So, So anybody I wasn't on the phone with now they just don't feel like That's what you said in the text. Well stop lying. You ain't got no man, but That is just the Best osa yo Honestly. Oh And. I didn't even tell you. I did tell you what yesterday I'm leaving.


Oh, the lady in Walgreens, Oh, woman walks up to me and she goes, you leave Lauren LaRosa alone. 'cause I'm in the same struggle. I'm 37 and I'm single and it's hard out here, man. Singing struggle. I tried not to laugh, but boy I'm not, I I was doubled over in the street. Excuse me miss Lady. I appreciate that. Thank you for running down on him. But by 37 my boat is gonna be docked and I'm be looking out at the water with my family. Okay, don't, I'm so sorry. Put in the air. I'm sorry. God, It's over. I gotta a Plan for you. Don't talk to me about God. You All right? When we come back, we got the People's choice Mixes. The, Breakfast, Club. Come on morning everybody.


It's DJ NV, just hilarious. Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is filling in for Jess and let me salute to my wife today of was the day 31 years ago that I asked her out. I asked her on a date. Oh, 31 years ago today. What Y'all doing? What we doing today? Yeah. Oh, we got the kids today. One got dance, one got soccer and one got basketball. But after You know we have our, our nice little, at least you Remember That date. Yeah. So 31 years. I asked her when I went to, we were in high school together. And I asked her out and she said yes. And that's been my girl ever since. Aww, that's Dope. 31 years. Look at that Church. One year. What? What? You jealous. You jealous. I'm not jealous. I'm jealous. I do you do the 10 year orgasm anniversary too, because you wrote about it in your book.


I'm just asking Bro. Having a, having an anniversary of which you put away the rose is crazy. Oh wow. Actually salute to my book, which is a US today and it's a national bestseller. Real life, real love. If. you get a chance. I know that's right. Make sure you go out and get it. You know Charlamagne actually wrote something on the back of the book. He says, envy and Gia have built something really special. Amazing. And with the right amount of discipline, respect, and love, you can build something similar. Thank you Charlamagne. Let me write a chapter for the next one. I see that. Oh, What, what page is the page where you talk about how you couldn't, is there footnote or bottom make orgasm between you? Like do you give definitions of like orgasm Rose?


That was a good way to sell a book. I'm gonna be honest with you. I, I gotta tell you what else Rose stuff on the back of you could second it out for Yourself All. Well we come back, you See Sean Combs? Lemme see what it did for real. Yes. That's why put it down like that. Lemme see Sean Co With. DJ Envy and gig Casey. It's not just about having a beautiful family, it's about the work it takes to keep that family together. Sean, did he Combs rapper, record, producer, and frequent freak offer. Yo, get out here. That's what it said on the back of the book, man. No, it doesn't. Okay. It does not say that this is a very eclectic list. Yes. Who else on there or CE Clue Envy and Gia had a strong bond from the beginning. Not as strong as me and Envys, but they are the perfect example of soulmates who were meant to be.


Okay. Crazy. Say that he, Kirk Franklin, one 50 cent G and NB make you wonder what we all can build if we start with the right foundation. Okay. That're Kirk Franklin. Kirk Franklin ain't on here. Oh yeah. He thank God that he brings from the Ashes aau, huh? Thank God that he brings from the ashes authentic ambassadors of love like NBN gear. That's great. Yeah. That's beautiful. So If, you get a chance. Pick up real life, real love. That was our first book, which is a national best seller. We got another one coming out next year as well. Real Life, real Family, but Real Life, real Love is still out there. 31 years with My Bay. There you go. All right. When we come back positive notice. The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody.


It's DJ Envy, Jess, hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club, Laura LaRosa filling. And for Jess, we got a salute, Morris Chestnut and Aya Corona D for joining us this morning. That's Right.


Make sure you check out Reasonable Doubt. Season two, it premieres on the Hulu. It's out now. It's out now. It's out now. Yeah, it's out now. Okay, okay, okay, okay. It's out now. Oh, they wrote that. Oh, an episode comes out every Thursday. Correct. Okay. Okay. Through October 17th. Got you, got you, got you. Got You.


Matt Barnes and Steven Jackson for joining us as well. Man Salute to Matt Barnes is Steven Jackson.


First of all, make sure you subscribe to their podcast, to all the Smoke podcast on the Black Effect iHeart Radio Podcast Network. Fantastic podcast. It is. And make sure you go pick up their new coffee table book. If you're a fan of the podcast, even if you're not a fan of the podcast, but you're a fan of sports and culture, you should go get all the smoke, all the stars, all the stories. No apologies. It's available everywhere you buy books. Now, a lot of their classic interviews from Kobe Bryant You know they did the last ever interview with Kobe Bryant, magic Johnson, Kevin Durant, Allen Iverson, Steph Curry. Yep. Yep. A lot of different people. So go get it right now. It's available everywhere you buy books today.


All right, Lauren, how you doing with your man? I see you all Blushy this morning. Wait, huh? Huh? Look at that. He's confused. Alright, well you got a positive note, Charlamagne. I do, man. I really wanna just tell y'all that a lot of y'all be having bad days simply because you don't hop out the bed and turn your swag on. I'm serious. You know. Sometimes you have to take a look in the mirror and say, what's up? Like wake up after you say your prayers, wake up in the morning and just tell yourself how much you love yourself, how much you value yourself, and how much you appreciate yourself. You do that when you validate yourself. You won't spend your whole day seeking validation from a bunch of digital deadheads on social media who don't matter. No way. So have a blessed day Breakfast Club Bitches. Do y'all finish or y'all done


Happening now on the iHeart app, we're turning up the heat on all the smoke. As vice president and Democratic presidential nominee, Kamala Harris pulls up to the show. You do me great honor to be here. Thank you. Thank You. You know her as the trailblazer making history, but now she's ready to drop some knowledge in real. Talk about the 2024 race. How do you protect your mental space? Number one rule, don't read the comments Been nasty. This episode is going to hit different. Search all the smoke in the free iHeart radio app and listen to this groundbreaking interview.


Now, Dene Cara Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was assassinated Crooks everywhere, unearths the plot to murder a one woman. WikiLeaks, she exposed the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafia state. Listen to crooks everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. To listen to new episodes one week early and 100% at free. Subscribe to the iHeart True Crime plus channel available exclusively on apple Podcasts


In California during the summer of 1975. Within the span of 17 days and less than 90 miles, two women did something no other woman had done before tried to assassinate the president of the United States. One was the protege of Charles Manson, 26-year-old Lynette Fromm, nicknamed Squeaky the Other, a middle-aged housewife working undercover for the FBI identified by police as Sarah Jean Moore, the story of one Strange and Violent Summer. This season on the new podcast, rip Current Here episodes of Rip Current early and completely ad free and receive exclusive bonus content by subscribing to iHeart True Crime plus only on apple Podcasts.


Hey friends. Hey friends. I'm Jessica Capshaw and this is Camilla Luddington and we have a new podcast. Call it What it is. You may know us from Graceland Memorial, but did You know that we are actually besties in real life? And As all besties do we navigate the highs and lows of life together, big or small? We are there and now here we are opening up the Friendship circle to you. Listen to call it what it is on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm nk and this is Basket case. What is Wrong with me? A show about the ways that mental illness is shaped by not just biology swaps Of different meds, But by culture and society. By looking closely at the conditions that cause mental distress, I find out why so many of us are struggling to feel sane, what we can do about it and why we should care. Oh, look at you. Gimme therapy girl. Listen to Basket case every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.