
This is an iHeartPodcasts.


The best kind of help is the kind you don't even have to ask for, like your friend pulling up on moving day with a truck, a speaker and snacks ready to go. Well, that's the energy you get with at and t's new guarantee. If there's ever a network interruption, they make it right by giving you credit for a full day of service. Proactively credit for fiber, downtime, lasting 20 minutes or more, or wireless downtime, lasting 60 minutes or more, or caused by a single incident impacting 10 or more towers. Restrictions and exclusions apply. See att.com/guarantee for full details. At and t connecting changes everything.


If you own a home, here's an interesting fact for you. Today, American homeowners are sitting on a record amount of home equity. That's the part of your home you own Outright. Rocket Mortgage can help you turn that home equity into cash and that can help you fund a home renovation, pay for your kids' college tuition, or pay off consolidated high interest debt. To learn more, just call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com today. Rocket Mortgage, LLC licensed in 50 states, NMLS consumer access.org. Number 30 30.


You've probably heard that sickle cell disease affects a lot of black folks. It's more common than you think, and for those living with it, blood transfusions help with their daily battles. But did you know one in three black blood donors is a match for patients with sickle cell disease? That means you have the power to make a difference. So show up for one another because finding a match can mean everything. Donate today@redcrossblood.org slash our blood. Because blood saves lives.


The best AI assistant isn't one that knows the whole world. It's one that knows your world. A custom assistant built on Watson X with IBM's granite models can leverage your trusted data. Be easily trained on your workflows and integrate with your apps. It can be tuned to do just what you need, because the more AI knows about your world, the more it can help you do. Learn more at ibm.com/productivity. IBM let's create


Gangster chronic goals. This is not your average show. You are now tuned into the real MCA big stars. Hello. Welcome to the Gangsta Chronicles podcast, the production of iHeartRadio and Black Effect Podcast Network. Make sure you download the iHeart app and subscribe to the Gangster Chronicles for my Apple users. Hit the purple mic on your front screen. Subscribe to the Gangster Chronicles. Leave a five star rating and comment. I guess. Y'all see what's going on CN here. What's going on right about now? Gangster Chronicles another episode. Hey, what it do man? I see you got you a nice adjoin in your hand.


You, before you, first thing you did was find you a joint, huh? Yeah, 'cause I was asleep in the car on this Vegas drive and shit, so you know, I had to, you know, get out and relax a little bit. You know what I'm saying? You, You got to go do your shit, man. You know? Of course. I guess y'all know if y'all hear me talking about weed and all that other good shit, man, we kicking it with the homeboy exhibit tonight, man. Yeah, man. Ask what's happening man. What's up man? First of all, for having us man. Man, thanks for, you know, allowing us to come in this man beautiful spot. This is the spot right here, man. Hey, Yeah. Hell yeah. Yeah. I feel like I probably don't fucking made it, man. Oh yeah, around people with all these fancy people and shit. Sneak Over here, man. Glasses man. Tell him to stop already, Man.


This is what I do, g. Already know I'm gonna show my ass everywhere I go Rap Man. First I want to give you salute, man on that album, man. Album. Dope is a motherfucker, dog. Thank you, man. Appreciate it. Dope is a motherfucker dog. Yeah, you just came out and just haymaker they ass. Real. I love when OGs come out and just, you know, a few of them just, you know what I'm saying? Definitely Haymaker, you know, Kingmaker, that's what it's called. So you know, if you, if you ain't up on it, man, I, I don't know where you've been for the last 30 days or whatever you've been, but my man been moving, you know, got some good work out there. You know, it's, it is hard to come by, good work from, from us, you know, legacy Artists, Forefathers of this shit, you know, That what they call the now legacy artists.


I say legacy. Yeah, that, that's a good, that's a good thing. That's a good name For one. 'cause ageism is real and, and, and they try to put that only in hip hop. It don't exist in other, any, any other genre of music. But I don't believe that we need to be put in that box. I think legacy artists is fine. There's no New West Coast. It's only West Coast, you know what I'm saying? Let's, let's get into, let's, let's, why do you feel that us Legacy artists are put into that age discrimination box? Because they make it trap. They trying to make it so that they, we think there's only 10 seats to success. They're trying to make it seem like it's limited spots.


Like there's only so many spots that can feel that space in hip hop. But I think the opposite, I think it's so many at that hip hop has grown so much that it needs to be broken up now. We shouldn't be na shouldn't be in the same box of sexy Red or, or, or Machine Gun Kelly or, you know what I'm saying? Like, like, like, you know, we've had people come in, use hip hop and then move on Post Malone, you know what I'm saying? For real? Yep. Yep. Like, like, so now it's become something that is bigger than where, where it started. So I think adult contemporary hip hop needs to exist. I think, you know, alternative hip hop needs to exist, I think pop, you know what I'm saying?


Like, you know, all r and b hip hop, like all of those things. We need categories and subdivisions and that. I, I think that is going to serve better than trying to age people outta hip hop. And I think to answer your question, legacy artists are have, are looking at the pace and the growth of this thing. When we had only one or two things to get to the public and we had gatekeepers and labels and shit we had to deal with and people invested in our music. So it, so that was when people invested in your music and you was signed to a major label. That was how you got to the masses. So now we got these people that, that, you know, are looking at going from physical copies and now we got streaming, we got all these different things.


It's weird. I don't wanna do tiktoks. It's niggas doing weird shit on there. And then niggas don't even rap, but then they sell rap records because they doing weird shit on TikTok. I'm not doing that shit. You know what I'm saying? Definitely. So, so, so what what I have to do is kind of figure out where I fit in that. And I think that me putting out Kingmaker, it inspired a lot of people. It got a lot of people thinking like, oh, like we can do it a certain way. It may, you know what I'm saying? And if we consistent and we, we don't have to chase the algorithm, we don't have to chase a sound. I think we just gotta do what we do really well. Right. And what, when we, when we elevate our sound and make sure that everything is flawless, then I think the public is going to gravitate to it.


And I think that's what we did with Kingmaker. Well You know what, the illest thing I've heard now, I had to call eight, like 10 o'clock at night. I saw a dude online saying, why don't the old motherfuckers just get out the way and let us do our thing? Get me out the way. I said, what does that mean? Because hip hop is a competitive thing. No, no, no. Emini here it Get me out the way. Is it that, is it is the, is it the fear of competition? Is it the fear of feeling that legacy artists have a solid foundation that if me as a new artist tried to come out and say my record don't stand up to a, a ex record or, you know, it don't, it don't, it don't stand up to a snoop doggy dog of the past.


It don't stand up to a straight up menace. Yeah. That's just like, that's, that's, that's like when they started giving out participation trophies at fucking little league games. If I won a game, you know what I'm saying? Everybody gets a trophy. No nigga, you don't get a trophy. We won. You know what I'm saying? For real. So you gotta go back and work harder and come back and get me out the way. Well, I'm what I think, I think what I think it got weird when people were like, you know, I, I just, I don't like the lyrics. I just like the beat. And that opened the door to a whole bunch of other shit that made it acceptable in hip hop to be whack. You know what I'm saying? And then when, when, when niggas was, you know, making whack shit and you said it was whack, now you were a hater.


I like, wait a minute, I'm not hating. I I don't think you have skill. I don't, I don't, I don't, I compared to what I like, I don't think you are making what I like. So I think it's whack. Well, you Know what it is, man, I noticed with this generation, it's like this entitlement thing, like we was talking about on the way up here, you know, you got these kids, it's a group that's like from 16 to 23, 24. Yeah. Now to think shit is supposed to happen automatically before into this thing. It was a barrier to entry it, it was a barrier of entry. Yeah. Yeah. You had to go through some things before you, you had to kind of do your shit before you got put on. Right? Yeah. Same with you. You was, you know, out there battling everybody. You was doing your thing, doing whatever you was, you was doing it.


Then you kind of got the, you got on Redman had to pay his dues, everybody had to pay their dues. Now you can fuck around and just get a record man fucking around in your phone, but Yeah. But your room and have a record. And that's, and then you said it right there, this generation has grown up with convenience and it's become a handicap. So you can order a bitch, a sandwich, a motherfucking some shit from, from Walmart and all within 15 minutes and it'll come to your house. So why don't they think start 'em and, and hard work and shit come, you can get it out the phone and land at your house. You know, like they grew up with that mentality. It's, it's, it's the, it's the, it's the situation of, you know, still, you, you'll, you'll find this very fitting just like dealing with the sports world, right?


Yeah. When you grew up, when our age, you know, we came from sports teams or you joined the team or you tried out, you didn't make the team, you didn't make the team Work harder and come back again next year. Right. Today you don't make the fucking make the team, you don't make the team. You can just go start your own team. Yeah. You get me. So I'm gonna be guaranteed to play because now I don't have to go through the, you know, I'm like you said, it was a certain criteria. Everybody can't make it to the NFL. But now you can go to Arena Football, you can go to USFL, you can go to XFL. Yeah.


There's different opportunities. Man's a lot of different opportunities and a lot of them are presented by their own artists. But I just feel that, I don't know, like you said, in no other musical genre, do they exclude once you reach a certain point, right? Right. You know, rolling the stones will be done. Right. Eric Clampton will be done. You know what I'm saying? Like A lot of, a Lot of all that shit is really fucking a lot of the homies up. I ain't going to get the name of the homies names, but I'll talk to some of my people and be like, man, what you got going on? Oh man, I'm trying to do this, but I don't think they trying to hear me no more. Oh, come on man. And he, I'm talking about legendary dudes, Don't we? We don't need to get in our own heads and we definitely can't let other people's opinions about what they think is going to be the perception of your art to other, from other people.


Fuck that. Like, we just gotta, we gotta, we gotta focus lock in, do what we do really well and then let it let The World decide. You know what I'm saying? And then you have to also be un understand what your, what is your perception and what is your success? What does success mean to you? What does that look like? It don't have to look like what everybody else is or that what the next man is doing. Like I have certain things that, you know, I I I want goals in that I achieve don't, and that, that's how I feel like I've been successful. That may not look like nothing else that you guys are looking like, and it ain't just about material shit. Right. Time is the most valuable thing we have, you know, so how do I wanna spend my time? How much time do I wanna spend doing this?


Because, you know, once I hit that, then I'm gonna do this and then I'll be good, you know, and s ticking to that and living with that and be, and if you overshoot that motherfucker and, and get there faster, then so be it. But my goal has always been the same. And I always plan things five years out. So once I hit my five year plan, then boom, there it is. Some things worked, some things didn't. I know I, I know what the next thing is looking like, you know? 'cause I plan, I use, I plan using time. So I know I want to keep doing music as long as I feel it and as long as it come out my spirit the right way. But I, you know, when I got, I'm doing music 'cause I want to do it and not I Have to do. Right. I have to do it. Yeah. That's and that's what feel good. That's why Key make her sound like that.


You know, like, like I I love this shit. You know what I'm saying? So when I do something that make every ooh it shake the room, I know it's going, I know it's gonna work. You know what I'm saying? Man, let, let's talk about this man. 'cause I want to go back 'cause I've been a fan for a long time. Oh yeah. Like, like I know all the motherfucking records, you know what I'm saying? So how did you make the, I wanna talk about the transition. When you started out with, with Tela and them, those guys, you know, with King T and them, And I used to hear you on a wake up show every Saturday night, getting it in grinding. First of all, let's start with what was the first rap record you ever heard? What made you want to go? Oh, this is some, you know, because, you know, I know your father was an educator.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, so what made you go, nah, this is this. I got to get to where I gotta get. Okay, the first rap record I ever heard was the rapping Duke. The Hu The Hu. That's the first rap record I ever heard. And it was also Jam On It Burn, burn, burn Nucleus. So those were the kind of my introductions to that. Then my brother run DMC. But the first one I ever ever heard was, it had to be between Jam on It and rapping Duke. The what made me stop in my tracks would be like, oh shit, it was Rakim.


You know what I'm saying? Rakim, his, his whole style and delivery was unorthodox and it was different than anything. I was a fan of Big Daddy Kane, you know what I'm saying? All EPMD, all 'em dudes, ll you know, Rakim Was on that shit though, of Course, you know what I'm saying? NWA Eazy-E Contos Contos most wanted, you know what I'm saying? Like, all of these records were poor, righteous teachers. They were all the, the, the, the kind of wheelhouse where I was listening to everything. You know, even down south, I would listen to Poison Clan and you know, motherfucking DJ Magic, Mike Bass, Miami Bass, you know, the mini truck movement.


So, so I would listen to everything, but Rakim was the one that made me like, that's rap. That's, that's, that's some elevated shit. And you was always lyrical. That's what I was gonna say because you was getting it in on a Wake up show. I'm talking about because you was up there tearing, tearing cats out the frame. Yeah. What made you, what made you decide, like later on you pivot, you had, you know, you went through your whole thing with Loud records, you had a very critically acclaimed album was received well and then you hooked up with Dre, you was already a monster at making records. And it's like when you hooked up with him, it's like, it just went. Yeah. Yeah.


Did you Get any backlash from the homies at first? 'cause you know, people got a tendency to wanna make you kind of stay Yeah. Where we nah, see, I wouldn't call it backlash. I think, you know, we all, we all get what, when we, when we were younger, when all had dreams and aspirations and you know, seldom do you speak something into existence, you know what I'm saying? It's like when something actually worked and it shocks the like, oh shit, that shit worked. You know what I'm saying? Like, it was more like that, you know what I'm saying? Because we were, we, me, RA and Sophia, we were kind of the group that we, I, you know, even though I was with King Tea and Alcoholics, I was never into alcoholics.


Right. You know what I'm saying? Like, it was, it was the, the the trio King t and you know, and it was like the liquid crew. I was in the crew with them, you know. But I always wanted to be in the group. So me, ra I remember we sitting in RA's house and, and it be writing together and we all had different outlooks on how we was gonna make it. Right. So Ra was super anti-wear khakis. He was like, you niggas look like you about to go clean some shit up. Fuck you. You know what I'm saying? I was like, nigga, this is the, this nigga. So yeah. And so he had his, you know, I, I'll never, I'll never be you niggas, you know what I'm saying? And then I was just like, nigga, this nigga West coast rolling, we outta here.


You know what I'm saying? And then, and then s Sophia was like, well now you know, I'm from the Bay, you know, we say blood, we Wyoming blood. You know what I'm saying? Like, so it was like, it was like the perfect kind of representation of all of California right there. You know what I'm saying? And so that's kind of, that's kind of how we built it. And then when after the battle stuff and the Wake Up Show and Unity and all that shit, and Snoop called me to do the con, that's how we got connected with me. Dre Snoop, the whole camp. It was, we did Bitch Please for the No Limit Top Dog album. And then from there it was just like, boom, okay, you, we, we like what that happened.


It blew up. It hit okay, you gonna be on 2001, you want to be on the Up Smoke tour. And then from there it was just do, do do do, do. So the homies around, you know, I tried to include them, you know what I'm saying? But I think it was just more of a know. They, I don't know. I don't know. It, it just got weird for a second and then it got better. That's how it always feels. Yeah. It's Just, it's just growing you, growing pains. Growing pains. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Yeah. It, it's, it's always the, it's, it's unfortunate but you know, there's always a standout. Yeah. You know, same situation with me and Chill, you know, we started off together.


Everything was a grind, you know, whatever, whatever. But then when you, when you putting in a little more effort, then you know, maybe, you know, somebody else might be, or your, your delivery might be standing out or Right. Right. The way you present yourself in front of other motherfuckers. And so people start noticing, right? Like, we call eight eight, you want to get on something or you know, and it's not like Compton's Most Wanted, do y'all want to come? It's eight MCA. Yeah. Yeah. It's eight. Well, you and then attention, attention grows. You know, who did a really good job of having a collective and then branching out and all the members was Wu-Tang.


Wu-Tang Clan did a tremendous job of having a collective and then being able to outsource the standouts. People knew Method Man from that one first song was going to be, he gonna have some shit. You know what I'm saying? ODB Emini here, all these people that came together, but they had some kind of a, some kind of working method that was able to, to branch out and do what they did. I don A good job. But you knew, you knew that method Man Unequivocally was gonna be the shit when he came out. Oh yeah, yeah. You knew that ODB was so different and dynamic that he was gonna blow up. Right. You knew everybody else was dope. They whole, you know, everybody in the Klan is dope. From Ghost face on down to Ray to all of them dudes is tight.


But you knew that method Man had star power. But you, but even in their individual endeavors, they still represented Wu-Tang clan. Oh yeah, for sure. You know what I'm saying? And so I, I, I'd like to see that out here too. You know what I'm saying? Like, but the but Emini here, I know the game rules and everybody feel like, yeah, they wanna be the CEO of every goddamn thing. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Right. Yeah. For Real. So yeah, a little more unity, a little more cooperation. You know, just 'cause of one, just 'cause a nigga win don't mean you can't and that you're not, you know,


If you own a home, here's an interesting fact for you today. American homeowners are sitting on a record amount of home equity. That's the part of your home you own outright. Rocket Mortgage can help you turn that home equity into cash and that can help you fund a home renovation, pay for your kids' college tuition, or pay off consolidated high interest debt. To learn more, just call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com today. Rocket Mortgage, LLC licensed in 50 states. Nmls consumer access.org. Number 30 30.


There's something special about folks who come through without being asked, like your coworkers surprising you with your favorite coffee just because or your friend handed you the ox core. The moment you get in the car, no debate, no fight, just positive vibes that kind of love. It just hits different. And that's exactly the energy at t is on with their new guarantee. If there's ever a network interruption, at t will proactively credit you for a full day of service. No calls, no emails, no jumping through hoops is just handled. It's like the universe saying, I got you, except this time it's not. The stars aligning. It's your network. And let's be real. That connection is everything. Whether you're holding down the group chat, checking on your parents, scrolling, TikTok, your network's gotta come through. And if there's a problem, at t is on the case. No stress, no drama, just real backup when it counts. Credit for fiber downtime lasted 20 minutes or more. Or wireless downtime lasted 60 minutes or more. Calls by single incident impacting 10 or more towers. Restrictions and exclusion supply. See att com slash guarantee for full details. At&t connecting changes everything.


The best AI assistant isn't one that knows the whole world. It's one that knows your world. A custom assistant built on Watson X with IBM's granite models can leverage your trusted data. Be easily trained on your workflows and integrate with your apps. It can be tuned to do just what you need because the more AI knows about your world, the more it can help you do. Learn more at ibm.com/productivity. IBM let's create,


Hey good drivers. Yeah, we're talking to you. The ones who don't speed. The ones who avoid those fender benders and who always use their turn signal. Congratulations. You are a better driver. And that means you could get better rates with root insurance. It's time to stop paying for other people's bad driving habits. You know, like the ones who cut you off just a slam on their brakes or the lead foot speeding to work every day with Route Insurance, you'll get a quote based primarily on your driving. Just download the Route app, drive around like you normally would for a couple of weeks and boom, you'll get a quote that actually makes sense. It's that easy route because better drivers deserve better rates. Download the Route app today and see how much you could save. That's root Insurance Terms and conditions apply subject to underwriting review. See root.com for tells.


Do you think that today, man, because we missing some. Like I always tell glasses, we be talking And I say bro, man, I'm so, I feel sorry for you. I'm sad for you because you missed a whole experience. I remember man going to go to Tower Records, man to wait for the Ghetto Boys album to come out. You know, the one after Willie D came back, you know, you remember Big Mike came in on the second one, the Def DOAs Apart? No, not the Def DOAs apart. The first one with homeboy. Big Mike came in. Right, right. He took Will's place, we left the group. Then when I saw the ad and the motherfucking Murder dog or the Source magazine to where they was in the caskets. Yeah. It was like, oh shit. And you just saw a date.


I went up to Tower Records man, And I stood outside with all the people man going there and get what I got. And I got the record man. And I sat in the parking lot till like maybe three in the morning. Wow. Just listen to it and reading a liner notes saying just, you know, reading it, doing in stores, going to in stores, seeing your favorite rapper. That's how I met Mr. Mix. I met Mr. Mix at the in store, the homie from two live Cook, Right? Yeah. And he wound up helping me out a lot. You know, we, you know, had a bomb. You know, it don't always start off like that, but it was just, you know, And I think today they missing that dog. It's not the same experience. It's not, it's not the same experience. Do you think, man, with the way streaming needles and everything, it kind of diluted everything man.


Do you think it's still this, you know, it's not the same aura no more. Let them have it. We, we are Jedi people that are, have survived getting here through the time we had. 'cause we hip hop then like then these niggas couldn't survive then and, and, and work through what was done here. Right, exactly. So, so we can't abandon that. Right? So yes, we have to agree with the algorithm. We have to go, we have to participate because that is part of it. But we can't forget where our strengths are.


We got people that went and bought our shit. Just like you said, hard copies. Read the notes. Those people are still, there's, there's millions and millions of people that bought into that right around The World. So our bread and butter is get in front of these shows, organizing ourselves, stop waiting on people to come and pull us together, pull the homie off the couch, pull the homie off out, out the woodworks, put together something that we can go out and get in front of these fans, rock these shows, fill out rooms, put packages together, put merch packages together, use the algorithm to advance and, and let people know we coming, we go. You know what I'm saying? People depend on all the success and all these numbers, but nigga having a bunch of followers and social media people is like, having a bunch of monopoly money really doesn't do much.


You know what I'm saying? Right. For real. You know, I think it's, I think it's, it's awareness is important. Popularity is important. But the 1%, the new Paola is the playlist. The 1% is getting billions of streams. You know, know, we don't know who's buying that or who's doing that or s real whatever, but you know, the money, the the, the money that come in is going to be the one. You know what I'm saying? I think people are depending now a lot on streaming. They're, they, that's a whole new culture that is, is outside of the realm of what we do and create. But you know, I think that's what we can learn from, from that is not trying to copy them but come do it on our, on our returns.


You know what I'm saying? I can't do something every day. But if we organize 12 of the homies that wanna do that, then maybe that stream makes sense because it'd be me this day, this day, eight the next day, quick the next day, dah dah, dah, dah. And then that's, you know what I'm saying? Like now we have to funnel. But the thing is that, you know, we have to work together like the, the legacy artists. We gotta work together. 'cause combined audiences together. If we lock arms, then we go platinum every time, you know? Oh yeah, for sure. A hundred percent. When Everybody want to be the leader, I don't, I don't Okay. Niggas, okay. You know what I'm saying? Like fuck, let's just organize. Nobody has to be the leader. You know what I'm saying? Let's just make some shit happen. People just gotta have that title. People just gotta have that title.


Yeah. Fuck that man. Like I've, I've become comfortable to where nigga where you want me to go first or last, I don't give a fuck. Like Yeah, no, but Am am I getting paid tonight? Yeah. That, that's all that matters. Finding like-minded guys. That's How, that's how I work it. Shit. Yeah, it's finding like-minded guys with just the same business acumen that you have is the key. And it starts with 2, 3, 4 fives and then you'll find the right folks and then when it start working, then you can decide and choose to expand or not. But that's what we need, you know what I'm saying? And algorithm is part of that and, but I think that we as legacy artists just gotta fucking get out there in, in front of our people. You know what I'm saying? Like You said though, x it, it's about man really dropping the eagle.


'cause one thing I will say from the first time I met you Yeah. To now you've always been the same dude. Oh Yeah, yeah. Like, Like always been just like I've grown up a little bit. I've grown up. Yeah. I've grown up a lot. Hey, You know what I'm saying? You ain't never been Hollywood. Oh yeah. No, you Ain't never been Hollywood. You was always like, Hey how you doing? You know what's happening? I think today, like you saying man, I think it just gotta start off with a few people. It don't necessarily have to be a whole bunch of people. No, because I tell you like I talk to too short all the time, but too short is one of my favorite rappers probably. 'cause he just one of them real genuine cats. He's always the same. You feel what I'm saying? And I think people can feel that.


And I think right now everybody is kind of caught up in this thing to where they have to have an image. This character rap has always been professional wrestling to a certain extent. You know, you come up with these big dynamic characters, like you got the Busta rhymes as you got the mc eights, you got the exhibits, you got the glasses, Malones. I think it's always been that way man. But now it's all the authenticity is no longer there. Where do you think that comes from? I agree with you. I think Mike, the antics became bigger than the sound And I, I don't know what a disconnect happened, but that became a selling point.


And you know, somewhere along the lines, I'm not trying to be funny or nothing, but niggas stopped reading books, comprehension levels, you know what I'm saying? Like niggas making records with six words and shit. You know what I'm saying? Real Talk Like that became the norm and the standard. And you know, if I'm, if I walked in this room and started speaking Swahili and none of you niggas is Swahili, you'd be like, what the fuck did he Just say? That's what, when you try to use metaphors, punchlines, da da dah dah da, these niggas ain't, they ain't, they don't get that shit. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. They, it may but they don't want to hear that 'cause they make 'em think and that's why I said we don't do the same drugs either.


You know, like I couldn't imagine a cocktail of of of lean and pills and ups downs, all these other things. You know, we did forties and weed. Yeah. You know What I'm saying? Like, and we had some money, we had some Hennessy, you know what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like the Forties was good nigga. Like that was, that was the Shit Se seven or some, some bumpy face niggas g on some shit. Well you had to thinkn nigga you be rich as a motherfucker nigga. Sure. Selling dope. We getting two fifths of Christian brothers from save odds or some shit, nigga. That's What we, during our time period, it was an embarrassment to be a thing. You didn't want be a dope fiend. S that You was a cluck. You didn't want smoker, you didn't wanna be a smoker.


That was no, you didn't wanna be that now. And We lived differently man. I, I said, I said it the other day, the story of my life is, is I just grew up different than what you see today. A lot of things we frowned upon. Yeah. As, as, as young men growing up in the hood. It was just, it was detrimental to our character of trying to be that nigga from the neighborhood. Like smoking dope nigga, are you fucking crazy? You niggas popping. What kind of pills you popping nigga other than some motherfucking aspirin mama day before a headache. No fucking pills. Like pills and you niggas is drinking.


Nigga I hated cough some man. I was a kid, you feel me? I took off of smoking weed for the longest. Yeah man. Because I was always worried about somebody putting some shit in it. Yeah. I think our our that like you said, our our character and, and, and not to say that everyone is is like that today because there's a lot of young men who grew up on that, that role model character of of of frowning upon. But our generation frowned upon, you know, drugs and, and shit like that. Like you said, nigga, you be called a cluck head in a minute or some shit like this. Oh yeah, absolutely. You, you got frowned upon not being who the fuck you said you was.


I'm not. I came out to California in 1988, man from Cleveland, Ohio and that's when gang bang was at his, at his full peak and had the niggas on the football team. I'm out here to play football but I'm running with Insanes and twenties, I don't have no money. So the homie shout out to the homie Fabe, he says, Hey man Ohio, that was my name for the longest. Yeah. Ohio, because I'm gonna take you go see the homie today, we gonna get you some bread and them niggas hand me a motherfucking nap, you with a thing. And I'm like, what the fuck is this? He said, I got you. Let's go. We bouncing, we go back to crib. He chopped that shit up. I come, next thing you know I'm coming home, I got a hundred dollars. Right. And so I'm in in the game right now and I'm out here to play football dog.


But these are the people I'm surrounded with. I saw how easy it was to actually get caught up in being from a gang because them as homies, right? Yeah. Yeah. They're your friends, right? I think nowadays, man that shit is so manufactured dog, that whole experience. I, it's almost like they find these dudes, okay we gonna put some khakis on you. We gonna put some of this for you. We gonna let you hang out, we gonna go get you this record with exhibit, we gonna get you this record with eight and you go be on from there. I think a lot of that shit though is mixed with what the, the the the realization of social media Yeah. Has, has really upped the ante on Like my nigga glass to say social currency.


Yeah. Credibility and, and you know, it, it's, it's, it's it's content I think for half the dudes who do it. Because if I can be loud and boisterous and and gang affiliated, it only helps my content when I'm turning on these cameras because that's what I, I I'm trying to, the bottom line is I'm trying to sell something right here. Right. I'm trying to sell this image of being this hard gangster nigga and you know I'm from here and I'm from there and now I want to introduce you to my world of rap. You know, because that's the bottom line at the end of the day I'm trying to put out a record. Right. You know what I'm saying? So I think it uplifts their social content to the fact that that's what niggas aim for today.


You know, everything is turned the camera on and let's get some content you get right at What expense And I to they expense but you see their expense because a lot of, a lot of 'em will be returning back to jail. A lot of them still don't significantly put out any music worth even fucking with you get me. And so I say it's a lot of content because a motherfucker just what I tell you, nobody wants to be normal today. Yeah. Everybody has to be famous today. Like when I came up I didn't think I was going to be a quote famous rapper. My goal was nigga my father working at General Motors, maybe I can get in nigga Wooky woo or there that was something wrong.


There's Nothing wrong with that. You get me. Yeah I had no problem. You nothing Wrong with that. If I didn't feel like no I'm finna be the next NFL store 'cause you know that's the route we take. You either gonna do music or play sports. Yeah nigga I was like nigga I'm okay in sports And I can't play a fucking instrument so for real I was finna be a normal nigga around this. It was fine with least it was fucking fine nigga. I wasn't like god damn I need to go out here and start running circles butt ass neck just just so people can find you and be famous and shit. Shit I wanted to be an architect. That's what I wanted. I wanted to go to school to be for architecture. That's what I was doing. Ain't ain ain't nothing wrong with that. No, no. You know me and him talked about that one day every new rapper you see, you ask him what they was doing before.


Oh you know I was out in the streets. I said what streets? I said I don't think they sell crack. No why ain, she in the crack Here. What You doing nigga Just come and say you had a job somewhere. Ain't nothing wrong with that. Wrong. Yeah that goes, that nigga aint wrong with that nigga Hate being that's Why I really stuck with you because I think I was reading some shit. You was telling a nigga you I worked at the car wash. Yeah Man what this I had regular jobs I nigga I had regular jobs nigga. Shit, what the fuck? Yeah I was a horrible drug dealer. Horrible, horrible drug dealer. I told nigga that about same shit nigga I sold, I I had And I would buy dumb shit. You know what I'm saying? Like we part of a gold BMW and some gold Daytons in the little last town. Like we were very obvious. You know what I'm saying? It was like, and it was, it was, I don't even think I bought a car for my dope dealer.


I was just rent klut cars and able to go to, able to go to the ver Vermont drive in and buy some k, buy some khakis from the Swan. We going get cross color clothes. Them big ass green pants With it was a horrible drug dealer was horrible. Exactly. Nigga buy, nigga had a room with a whole bunch of stereo equipment in it trading for rocks and shit. It was horrible man. You know had no For i I just wish Like that didn't, that didn't work shit. Yeah, yeah. Like wait a minute, I spent this. Yeah I'm supposed to make back this but God damn only got yeah fucked all I fucked up my reup or something. You know what I wish though man. But these shoes look good as a motherfucker. I got on right there. You know what I wish though.


We in a man, we in a real ill time right now man because I think just, I think about the last 10, 15 years of my life, you know, we've seen our black president come in, we've seen all these, you know, different things just happen. This like man you, when you sit back and think about it, you like, damn man we done saw COVID. I never saw no shit like that. And I'm always a dude. I love the dystopian movies, the, you know, the shit. And I'm thinking that's about the time now this about it's about to happen now. The World about to end. I'm, you know, I glad I got all my guns and shit right to the point I'm buying the, I'm moving down to Texas. I keep telling them I'm going down there bro, just to build me a bunker. Seriously. I I'm gonna build me a bunker.


'cause I think that, I think we on the precipice man, there's some ill shit happening. Like I see all this stuff that's happening. Like it just started with the COVID stuff and then I see the stuff that's happening with them trying to, you know, get all the Latinos out with no due process. And now don't get me wrong, I do think if you in this country and you whacking motherfuckers and running back across the border, get rid of his ass. But the dude that's has this green card here And I been working here for 20 years and you know like I like the dudes to cut my grass. Man, I don't know them cats, I don't know wind them man for the last 20 years they come over man, I, I give 'em water and shit. We will sit out there and talk down seeing my Sonos like my son play professional football. He Just say, oh want something?


Hey I'm very proud of you. It's almost like he wanna take pictures, you know, with my son and shit. And I think that's dope. Right. I'm just mad at the fact we don't have no thinkers out here now documenting all this shit. And if you do have the thinkers like they not getting no attention because that's boring. Like I'm gonna tell you like even with this podcast shit, me and him always have conversations 'cause I see dudes man that have just kind of just come up, right because they stay on the bullshit all the time. They, you know, trying to embarrass motherfuckers trying to come in ask you fucked up questions to get you, you know, into some shit. Man, I, I think right now man, everybody is kind of doing whatever it is they have to do.


If I think if a nigga tell motherfucker, tell a nigga, Hey suck your mama's titty and you gonna be famous, they gonna be trying to suck their mama's titty dog. I think we so fucked up times. I I think, I think just to talk about what you was saying about going to Texas and building a bunker, I think we are witnessing a lot of destructive things from the root of really what's, what's trying to happen. The power struggle behind scenes and it's way bigger than religion and politics. You know, there's a shift that's happening and you know, I'm not a religious person, I'm not a political person, but I do notice that things are being fed to people that are willing to take it.


So, you know, when they program 80% of the earth to look down at these phones and not even pay attention to their surroundings, that's a big thing. And then when COVID happened, you know, and they were, they actually got everybody in The World to go home And economy boomed in different ways and all that other things that this is an experiment and then the, the, the way that people have been positioned here in the United States, everybody got guns, everybody watching the fucking walking dead and motherfucking the last of us and you know what I'm saying and all these survival thoughts that are happening and, and, and then they flip a switch and then the nigga go and all the toilet paper niggas fist fighting in, in fucking stores for toilet paper and I'm looking at all that, all this shit and people are actually scared to death and they're raising the temperature, raising the temperature, something's gonna pop.


Right. You absolutely correct something is going to happen. But what I think what what's dangerous about it is that we haven't started the discussion, especially through hip hop. People wanna be so popular, but hip hop used to be the voice of rebellion. Yeah, exactly. It used to be. Yeah, it used To be, it used to be where you could send things and say things in hip hop that you couldn't hear anywhere else. Not just about pussies, pussy holes and, and and and butt popping and, and fucking money and shooting niggas. Right. That was part of it too. But there was other things that we kind of, if we didn't, if we needed to hit the message, the message was sent. You know what I'm saying? Like no matter if you was gangbanger or a motherfucking a grassroots, you know, roots tor nigga, you was listening to fight the power.


You know what I'm saying? Yeah, definitely. You was listening to pe. So I think that people are scared to speak about what's happening because they don't wanna fuck up the a their algorithm. People have been punked into like not saying what they feel and believe and group thinking and finding their way through group drink, through group thinking. But that's a dangerous place to be, man. Like so Yeah man, you know, is it fucked up? People are being pressed against each other and divided and singled out. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? It's, it is crazy. But don't get distracted by that. You know what I'm saying? Like there's something happening that's going, it ain't just happening to the Latino and this Hispanic community.


Oh no. You know what I'm saying? It's, it's happening to all of us, but there's something bigger coming and they doing all this shit because that whammy is coming. So I would rather look for the big whammy than motherfucker. I'm gonna tell you something and you probably see you a student of that. You probably noticed this. Did you notice maybe about a year ago, they say something about Our life in outer space, like pretty much all but confirmed it and it was so ill the way they did it. Yeah. I had to rewind that shit I say and nobody gave a fuck and nobody gave a fuck. But then when they said something about, 'cause I noticed my kids, they didn't say nothing about that but when some other dumb shit came up. Exactly. Oh, did you hear about this? It was almost like they was programmed just to look past that.


Right, right. And it's almost like, man, I'm, I'm thinking what's happening between these phones, between television and all this shit. I was noticing man, like I go in to check on my kids every night since they was little. Right. I noticed that my daughter sleep on her bed with her phone right next to her. My son sleep on the bed. It's almost like they program these motherfuckers. I had to tell everybody at the table, man, when we at the table eating together as a family, put your fucking phones down as a matter of fact, put 'em up there, get the fuck out the house because I wanna be able to talk to y'all. I don't wanna sit the table like this and we just eating and everybody is just kind of like, no, put the fucking phone down. Like even with all this technology like glasses is like my little brother. I even tell him sometimes, bro, call me by yourself.


I don't wanna talk to you with 20 niggas on the phone all the time. Yeah, yeah. There's some shit I wanna just talk to you about. You know what, Emini here. No, he's talking to us. You know what I'm saying? He talking to us and, and so We on the phone God So it like, but it's like, it it, it is like bro we are not paying attention to what's going on. If motherfuckers actually paid attention to what's going on, they would be scared as a motherfucker. I'm at an age right now to where June 18, five be 55 years old. Right. My R 55 is much different than our father's 55. Absolutely. That dude had on Slacks, he had, you know, his pen up here and this and that. I still dress like I'm about to go to a fucking rap concert, do something, be the Bodyguard or some shit.


I don't know. But you know, I look at this shit right now man and everybody is falling for the dumb shit And I think it's almost like we being programmed by something, you know, whether it's television, whether it's streaming, shit I, I don't know if you remember this movie, it is one of my favorite movies. It was called The Guy that Did Beavers and Butthead did, what's the dude's name that did Beavers and Butthead from Texas? Mike Jug. Mike Jugs, yeah. Mike Jug. Good looking out dog. He had a movie called Idiocracy and when you watch Idiocracy Idiocracy came out years before the OTT, like the Netflix and the Hulu and all that. These people had huge TV screens like you can go to fucking Best Buy and buy a gazillion inch TV for $600 now.


It's not like it was, you know when you first we first got the motherfuckers right? Yeah. When you first came out they had TVs on the wall. A motherfucker would literally be watching people kicking each other in the balls. That was the thing. You didn't see entertainment. Did you see Idiocracy? I have, yeah, yeah, yeah. Our was in that movie. Yeah, it talked about it pretty much talked about what's going on today. Absolutely. We just a bunch of brain dead dumb motherfuckers out there dog. And if it ain't no shit talk me talking about a motherfucker dog. I'm gonna tell you what one of the homies told me one day, I'm not gonna say his name but he told me, I said man I like your new album dog I'm about to talk about in the show. He said, no don't do that bro. Say it's whack. I said what? What you mean dog? Say it's whack like I would, I'm not gonna do you like that. He said no say it's whack.


You get more attention that way. Oh no come on. They playing the, they playing the content algorithm Shit like motherfuckers retarded Now I'm not gonna manufacture a beef with my brother glasses or I'm not gonna call you exhibit before we come and say hey man I want you to hit eight in the hell with the microphone and then I want you to tear some shit up. This, this will be y all cool. You saw many society Got you saw that big ass Dempson Eagle. Yeah. Hey whip that The motherfucker shit.


But that's the thing though Don, If you own a home, here's an interesting fact for you today American homeowners are sitting on a record amount of home equity. That's the part of your home you own outright. Rocket Mortgage can help you turn that home equity into cash and that can help you fund a home renovation, pay for your kids' college tuition or pay off consolidated high interest debt. To learn more, just call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com Today. Rocket Mortgage LLC licensed in 50 states NMLS consumer access.org Number 30 30


The best AI assistant isn't one that knows the whole world. It's one that knows your world. A customer assistant built on Watson X with IBM's granite models can leverage your trusted data. Be easily trained on your workflows and integrate with your apps. It can be tuned to do just what you need because the more AI knows about your world, the more it can help you do. Learn more at ibm.com/productivity. IBM let's create,


We get it. There are too many car insurance companies trying to convince you that they have the best car insurance rates. We don't think we need to convince you we're root and we do car insurance differently. We don't think it makes sense to only base your car insurance rate on things that have nothing to do with your driving, like your occupation or education when you take the test drive Using the Route app, we price your car insurance rate primarily on how you drive. It's that easy. Just download the Route app, drive around like you normally would for a couple of weeks and get a quote based primarily on how you actually drive. Good drivers could save up to $900 a year when they switch to route. We're taking an old industry and making it fair route insurance because better drivers deserve better rates. Download the app today and see how much you could save terms and conditions. Apply subject to underwriting review. See route.com for the towels.


Bubba Wallace here from 2311 racing. Funny thing about being fast, you end up waiting a lot. First to show up first in line, then just waiting me. I rev up Chumba Casino with over 200 social Casino games. No slow lanes here. Why sit around when you can spin. Park your Inches. I'm already racing your turn. Play for free at Chumba Casino dot com. Let's jumbo Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Ford where prohibited by law 21 plus terms and conditions apply


Motherfuckers. You know what a dude told me one day? Yeah. And I was mad as a motherfucker. I'm looking at this penis shaft head motherfucker online and talk about me like a dog right after I gave him all kind of money and shit, dog. And, And I'm mad and the motherfucker, right? I called this motherfucker, he like, ain't nothing. Oh, what's happening dog? I'm like, man, motherfucker, you there. You like dog this content. You supposed I do you the Alley U bro, Man. Yeah. Said I threw you the Alley U my nigga. I said, what the fuck you mean playing with me nigga? Don't play with me like this. That's How I go. Nowadays, niggas feel that they need to establish more monetary success with social media by creating content.


That's whether it's negative or positive, I don't care. But long as I can get somebody to focus on it, then they gonna focus, then they going to focus shit. My son gonna be calling me talking about, Hey dad, so and so and so and so, and I'm gonna be like, you know, but it's the, it's the creation of the content that these dudes have figured out now. Like, I don't give a fuck if I start, nigga, I didn't mean that shit nigga. I'm just like, he said, I'm throwing you the AlleyOOP nigga, I'm gonna call you a dumb motherfucker. Say you stupid and all kind of motherfucker shit. And if you run up, nigga, it's going to be this and that nigga come get this fade. In the era I come from, we don't do all that because I'm never gonna come back online. Go get the camera.


Let me say this to it is professional wrestling. Yeah. It's Professional wrestling. It's like, bro, what the fuck? Because to me, I'm not gonna allow a motherfucker to play with my family. You say something about my wife or my kids, I'm gonna go to war with your ass. Well It's not professional wrestling because even though, you know, it is what it is, they still get in the ring. Yeah. These Motherfuckers aren't Gonna fuck out here out here. These niggas, this, it's the wolf ticket show. Definitely. I'm not playing that game though. I, you know, I, I got a lot of goodwill out there and that's 'cause I, my character, the way I carry myself, like, no, am I liked by everyone? No, but I don't like everyone either. You know what I'm saying? So it's, it's good.


You know what I'm saying? Like, I, I, I'm cool with the people. That's cool with me. And I, I'm good with that. So like I said, man, I focus on just what works for me. And you gotta look objectively at this stuff because technology, it depends on who's the user, right? So some people could sit up and, and figure something out and work out a whole fucking graph and be able to build businesses from a laptop. Other people just gonna be taking pictures of their food and sending pictures of their dicks to everybody. You know what I'm saying? Like, it's the user. So you gotta look at your brand, your equity, your assets, figure out exactly what, what works and who you're trying to target.


If you wanna target everybody, you gonna be swimming in the sea. You know what I'm saying? But if you could target where you want to contact your people, the most effective use of your time, then that shit, you can, there's tools that you can use to get there, you know what I'm saying? But you gotta focus and target your audience. And I think that's, that's, that's the overwhelming part. 'cause we all need people. Like, I don't wanna produce, I don't want to, I don't wanna do this, I wanna do that. I just wanna rap. So you job is to find people that can come around and, and, and actually facilitate those things with you if that's the way you want to go. Some people wanna do it all themselves, you know what I'm saying? But if you're gonna do it yourself, you gotta focus on what your target audience is and spend your money wisely.


Don't just throw it on there buying ads, because like I said, it's just, you don't, you can't, how do you get A-A-R-O-I? How do you get a, how do you get to quantify what, whether it's working or not, you can't tell by 'em numbers, you know what I'm saying? So, so we gotta trust our intuition and my intuition says we, let's go and get in front of the crowds and do our merchandising immaculately. And then the people that we meet in person now we can see physically, that's what's gonna make a legacy artist feel better. You can physically see who's there and now your job is to use the algorithm. And now you taking people that you actually meeting face to face and getting their information there. That should be one of the things that you do everywhere.


Whether it's a festival, whether you should have a designated person going out, emails, phone numbers, emails, phone numbers, contacts. Contacts, contacts, mailing lists, mailing lists. That's what the data is. We collect enough of those man and then a nigga, you'll be able to send, now you can use the algorithm the way you want. You can send that motherfucker out to the people you've contacted over the last however months you've been doing it. Thousands of people that you already hit and now you can correct hit 'em directly, you can sell directly to 'em, which is better than streaming. You can make them exclusive drops. You can do, you know what I'm saying? Like that's using the technology in a way that's comfortable for us. Well, you know, the one thing I've been on with the homies too, like, I always tell my guys, man, let's own our own shit.


Let's stop trying to look to take shit to Tubby, to Hulu or whatever else like this. We got all these fucking cameras, I got all kind of drones and cameras at the house. Let's go shoot our own fucking movie. Mm. You know, let's go shoot our own shit and, and start doing our own things. The next thing I'm on is like starting to really, I'm gonna tell you what really fucked me up back in the day. You remember that MySpace shit, I remember the publishing company I was working for, man, they went and spent all this money on my MySpace page. I had the coldest MySpace page ever. I had a hundred thousand motherfuckers on there. I remember, I remember Joey and induced homies, homies from the Giants used to send me shit on there trying to get me to listen to they songs and shit, right? And them motherfuckers coldest motherfucker.


Now go figure. Right? I remember we spent all this money on there, bro. And I looked up one day and my shit was back the same as it was and then the next day it was gone And I, we just spent $10,000 on that motherfucker dog. I see it from that point on right there. I would never build my business on somebody else's platform. Don't get me wrong. I say we need to utilize the YouTubes and the Instagrams and all that, but they have so many fucking packets that you can get now you can make your own fucking Instagram. You can make your own YouTube. I think we need to have things like you said, information is key, right? Information, knowledge is power. They always say that, right? If you can get motherfuckers data, if you can get their phone number to send them SMS messages.


If you can get their email to send them emails when you got that new shirt that's coming out, if you can, if you can fucking text 15, 20,000 people, Hey, I got a shirt out. And if you can convert 5%, 10% of those people you winning And you, and it is not always about selling them shit. Right? When you having that kind of connection with the fans, it's your obligation to give them an experience. Exactly. Right. And so what I plan to do is, you know, not only reach out and bring this, you know, use the new data that's coming in from Kingmaker and the people that are coming in and now going out to the shows, building that kind of data database that I'm gonna be able to say, okay, cool, if I'm sending you this, you've won this experience, this address, this time.


What, you know what I'm saying? That's dope. If you gonna be there, you come there it be like some food shit, some fucking dope ass concert, you know what I'm saying? Like in their town, you know what I'm saying? Like you gotta create the experience and then, you know, I've seen a lot of people do a lot of cool shit with merch, you know, sending motherfuckers a free shirt when they didn't order it. That's what they Emini here, that kind of shit. And you, that kind of fan motherfuckers gonna be like, oh, I'm fucking with this Man. That goes a Long way. Definitely that reciprocation is like, like, you know, we, we got back stock of all kinds of shit if we could just like, hell, yo, you, if you get an address, we send, we send you shit. You know what I'm saying? You don't gotta be mandatory. But if the they do do it and then you do send 'em something, nigga that, that shit's going and then, then, you know what I'm saying?


Like it's just, you just gotta be consistent with it, you know? And, and you know, we done, I don I don't know how you if you guys tour or, or that, but if you a legacy artist and you still going out there trying to go to after parties and fucking drinking and fucking around with bitches and all that shit, then you playing Russian roulette with everything. Yeah. For real. You know what I'm saying? Business, business, business, you know, I'm pretty sure everybody got their, you know, the, their, their shit together at this point that wanna go forward to be professional. But that's what we gotta be on. We gotta, we are the first of our kind, you know, it, we've, we've transitioned from physical copies into streaming into now, you know, we are legacy artists, you know what I'm saying?


We've seen transitions and now I don't know who's been in front of us that had careers like us, you know, so we got to, we, we gotta, we gotta, we gotta set the standard. We gotta set the bar and that don't mean sitting down, you know what I'm saying? Some people, some people want to expand, some people wanna still do music, but you can't, music is the catalyst of what makes all this work. Well, music is the commercial for everything else that we create, right? But you gotta choose what you create. You can't just like create what everybody else does. What do you do to really well that you can bring to the table and be the avenger that you supposed to be on the Avengers? You know what I'm saying? You know? And, and, And I think that's, that's what, that's what, you know, I did.


It took me a long time to figure out that, just that simple shit right there, you know what I'm saying? And make some decisions, change my circle, focus on things, you know, let some things go, take some chances, take some risks, you know, go without for a while. You know what I'm saying? Now If, if you could tell you Just say something that's real key man about changing your circle. I always tell my children, man, and just like the little homies, whoever the addicts you are, who you hanging around, if you hanging around motherfuckers that's telling you all day what you can't do instead of somebody saying, Hey man, let's figure out a way to do that. Right? You need to let them motherfuckers go dog. Because they going to keep like, I don't think people believe this man, but the tone does speak life and death.


If you got somebody's constantly telling you what you can't do or how it's not gonna work, how it's not go that I'm gonna tell you, man, I don say a Glass's name two or three times, you know why me and him fuck with each other? It ain't no, we know let's, we go figure out a way how to do it. Fuck we not gonna do it. Let's figure out a way to do it. To do It. Can't get it done. Yeah, exactly. Yo know, I, I I think well, I I didn't have to let people go. You Let the self Go. Yeah. You'd be amazed for what happens when niggas think it's over. You know what I'm saying? You be amazed. You'd be amazed how, how, how much space.


You get what I'm saying? Yeah. Come on. It's gonna have to end at some time. Shit. Like what were you thinking? You gonna have to, you'd be surprised how much space you get when niggas think it's over. And so I learned a lot about myself, the people that, you know, I had around the people that are still around from then. I think there's, I said it on a Kingmaker, I think there's royalty and loyalty, you know, for sure. I think there's, there's something about, you know, having a disagreement and then figuring out if you want to figure out a solution, you can, if you love the person, if you, if you really see that person as somebody will value not to use them, but you value who they are.


Oh Yeah. A hundred percent. You know what I'm saying? Not everybody move like that, you know what I'm saying? And so I'm pretty sure if I was a vicious motherfucker, I put, I could've really fucked some shit up and I'd be a lot further than I am. But I'm happy where I'm at And I still got my soul intact And I can still look people in the eye when I talk to 'em. And I'm not worried about keeping up with the lie that I told the nigga, the other nigga to not stew the other nigga to out fuck it. That's too much. My bandwidth is not that tight. You know what I'm saying? Emini here, I, I got a bunch of raps and shit up here and they, I don't fucking want to remember that shit. Like, who, what nigga, I forgot who, you know what I'm saying?


So, so I don't move that way my nigga. And, And I feel like a lot of people are, are, are in a position where they feel like they going to use people up or do all that shit. But I've never had to do that. And so my circle got really tight, you know what I'm saying? I'm not out there in the street. I'm not partying, I'm not moving, I don't, I got a lot of goodwill out there And I, I don't take that for granted, you know what I'm saying? I see it. Sure. I see it as a strength. You know, I don't have to prove shit to nobody. I want to do my art. I want to be a, a, a standout person when it comes to things that we build outside of music.


I don't put my personal shit in the street, even though, you know, whatever was happening with my fucking divorce, shit that everybody was talking about that nobody gave a fuck. You know what I'm saying? You know, like nobody gives a fuck about exhibit's fucking personal life. Like can it let 'em rap Straight up? You know what I'm saying? Like, I'm not, nobody gives a fuck about that. It's not, it is not that interesting, trust me. But yeah man. And so now going forward and just coming out the blue and having, and having been planning this for so long and talking about it and strategizing about it and if to actually come out and do what it did and now we gotta put the elbow grease behind it, nigga no new niggas.


I was sitting here for a long time, nigga sending out kites. Like nigga I'm out here like, motherfucking time Hanks nigga lost nigga help me until it was just like, oh, silence. Got it. Okay, let me get back to work. So nigga Iron Man built my suit out of this motherfucking shit I had laying around. That motherfucker worked like a song man. For sure. Motherfucker look at, you know what I'm saying? Now we out there and now we building them to Mark two man,


If you own a home, here's an interesting fact for you today. American home owners are sitting on a record amount of home equity. That's the part of your home you own outright. Rocket Mortgage can help you turn that home equity into cash and that can help you fund a home renovation, pay for your kids' college tuition or pay off consolidated high interest debt. To learn more, just call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com today. Rocket Mortgage, LLC license in 50 states, NMLS consumer access.org Number 30 30.


Your business deploys AI pilots everywhere, but are they going anywhere or are they stuck in silos, exhausting, resources, unable to scale? Maybe you don't need hundreds of AI pilots, you need a holistic strategy. IBM has 65,000 consultants with Gen AI expertise who can help you design, integrate, and optimize AI solutions. So you're not just deploying ai, you're scaling it across your business. Learn more at ibm.com/consulting. IBM let's create.


Hey good drivers. Yeah, we're talking to you. The ones who don't speed, the ones who avoid those fender benders and who always use their turn signal. Congratulations. You are a better driver and that means you could get better rates with route insurance. It's time to stop paying for other people's bad driving habits. You know, like the ones who cut you off just to slam on their brakes or the lead foot speeding to work every day with Route Insurance, you'll get a quote based primarily on your driving. Just download the route app, drive around like you normally would for a couple of weeks and boom, you'll get a quote that actually makes sense. It's that easy route because better drivers deserve better rates. Download the Route app today and see how much you could save. That's route Insurance Terms and conditions apply subject to underwriting review. See route.com for detailss.


Hi, it's Jenny Garth. We all know the importance of taking care of our physical and mental health, but what about our sexual health? I've been there feeling totally stuck when it comes to my libido. That's why I started taking Addie. And let me tell you, I have seen firsthand what a difference it can make in how you feel. Addie is the only FDA approved pill clinically proven to help certain premenopausal women have more interest in sex, have more satisfying sex, and lower the stress from low libido. Addie has helped hundreds of thousands of women get their drive back, including me. Talk to your doctor or visit A DDY i.com to learn more about addie. The little pink pill individual results may vary. ADDIE or Flibanserin is for premenopausal women with acquired generalized hypoactive sexual desire disorder HSDD, who have not had problems with low sexual desire in the past, who have had low sexual desire no matter the type of sexual activity, the situation or the sexual partner. This low sexual desire is troubling to them and is not due to a medical or mental health problem. Problems in the relationship or medicine or other drug use add is not for use in children, men, or to enhance sexual performance. Your risk of severe low blood pressure and faint is increased. If you drink one to two standard alcoholic drinks close in time to your ADDIE dose, wait at least two hours after drinking, before taking ADDIE at bedtime. This risk increases if you take certain prescriptions OTC or herbal medications or have liver problems and can happen when you take ADDIE without alcohol or other medicines. Do not take, if you're allergic to any of addie's ingredients. Allergic reaction may include hives, itching, or trouble breathing. Sometimes serious sleepiness can occur. Common side effects include dizziness, nausea, tiredness, difficulty falling asleep or staying asleep. And dry mouth. See full PI and medication guide, including box warning at addie.com/pi addie Visit a DDY i.com to learn more about Addie.


I think what you're saying, man, it is some real spiel, man. I think energy is very important. I'm an energy person, man. If I sense something even off with a motherfucker though, I don't fuck with a and yeah, because I was always one of the type of dudes that did right by people like I yeah. Pride myself on doing right. If we making some money together, dog, I'm gonna give you half of, to the point of where she be telling me, man, why you giving them niggas all that money and they don't do shit? You know what, Emini here. And I always thought that was me doing a good thing. But what I realized dog, is that you can't cast your pearls on swine on the next swine because everybody not gonna appreciate You, dog. We did it, we did it with a genuine, with a genuine spirit and you thought it was gonna be reciprocated.


You know what I'm saying? But it seldom, it seldom is, you know, but it is, some people, you know, it it, it is some people that you can't hand nobody a lifestyle. So that's number one you can help. Money is a tool, you know, but niggas don't want money. They want your position. You know what I'm saying? And that's weird to me. It's like nigga weird as a motherfucker. Like why, why the fuck? It's just, it's just different personality types that come around and different intentions from different people. You know, if we walked into a room with a whole bunch of producers, rappers and ask 'em, why do you want to do music? You know, you get a thousand different answers. Some niggas want to, you know, some niggas want a car, some niggas want to get their mama a new something or I want to get my family out the way or nigga I'm, you know, on the run And I gotta, you know, you know what I'm saying?


You know what I'm saying? Like it's a thousand different reasons, you know what I'm saying? So we gotta understand like we dealing with a whole bunch of people that, you know, in this industry that, you know, not necessarily here for the same reasons. So finding those like-minded individuals and keeping that in line, you know what I'm saying? Like it takes a long time to get to know somebody, right? But how we move around is industry and we meet different people, you know, and especially the gang rules of how California's broken up, you know what I'm saying? Everybody's clicked up and you know what I'm saying? Everybody has this group thinking idea when it comes to Durham, but there's certain people that move differently and, and, and, and have a different type of level of understanding that I get along with.


So I ally myself with those people, right? You know what I'm saying? Where, where before or when I was younger it was like, oh, let's let's go with the herd. You know what I'm saying? Let's go with the herd. I I'm not, I'm not there now. And so that's why when I say no new niggas, it's like if, if you didn't, if you weren't around what we was building over the last 20 years, and if you definitely wasn't around what we was building the last five years for whatever, I don't care if I know you or not, nigga, like the car is going, the train left the station And I know who's on it now.


You know what I'm saying? Like, can we build and expand, but it's gonna come from the like-minded individuals and the nucleus of what we have going now. It's a lot of good shit happening right here. And the creative shit is really dope. I'm protecting that like with everything I got. 'cause that's what's making everything feel so good, you know what I'm saying? Right. That's what's valued. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The way the music is coming out, the way the motherfucking spirit is, the way this motherfucker and you know, the, the public is receiving it, it feel right. You know what I'm saying? I feel strong and, and the people around me are here for a reason and a purpose and they qualify to do the things that they're being done. You know what I'm saying?


We don't have the homeboy hookup. Right. You know what I'm saying? Nigga? I love you man, but nigga you can't be a manager nigga. You can't do it unless You gonna bring some of this fucking table, nigga You can't do it nigga. You can't be a March person. You're not even a people person. You know what I'm saying? Like, you, you going to punch niggas in the face, you know what I'm saying? For, for say this nigga can't hear you. You know what I'm saying? He not gang banger, he's deaf nigga. You hit him in the face. What nigga, real nigga you. I I'm not taking no liabilities on the road, these niggas the yo are you going come to the album release party. You know what I'm saying? You going come to the motherfucking last show and then we going, I'm gonna see come back and and we gonna hang out.


You know what I'm saying? And that's it. That's it. I wanted something I want to ask you, man. Something I really applaud to you. Every rapper, it seemed like this out here. I'm talking about like from the dirty birdies man to the Giants to all these other rappers. It seem like you always put your hands like you reach out and touch 'em kind of and, and fuck with 'em a little Bit. Mm. What made you decide, man, I'm a mentor motherfuckers, That's where I come from. And you real genuine with it Too. Yeah, that's where I come from, g Like I, I come from backpack rap. That's what they used to call us, you know, I'm I'm saying like, like backpack rappers because we was lyrical or whatever.


And so I understand the grind, you know what I'm saying? And try to be unique or diverse and that sound especially coming behind death row g Funk, you know, ruthless, you know what I'm saying? The, the classic UNK sound, you know, classic West coast sound. It's hard to step away from that and you know what I'm saying, try to start something different. So when I see Dirty Birdie and the guy from the IE and, and, and you know, C four and, and the rest of that, the group's outta there, you know what I'm saying it, And I see people that have a lot of potential and talent and a sound.


I, I definitely put my hands on it, you know what I'm saying? Because nobody, if if, if King Tee didn't do that for me and like see something in me and be like, alright nigga, come on. 'cause I didn't know how to write a verse a a si a a a a hook. I just had a whole bunch of battle raps, like pages and pages, just long ass raps, you know what I'm saying? That's how I started. So King T was the first one to see some that raw, you know what I'm saying? I wasn't polished, you know what I'm saying? I was just battle rapping. So he, he was the first one that gave me an opportunity to figure it out, right? So why wouldn't I take that same energy and give it to somebody else?


You know? You never know who you're talking to, you know what I'm saying? That's dope. Yeah. It's okay to pass the torch. Yeah. You never know who you talking to. And then even about passing a torch, if somebody come to me and ask me something or see the value on what I do and want to know how I did it, and you really, you really want to come and actually sit face to face and, and get something done. Absolutely. You know what I'm saying? Abso fucking literally because you don't know what that conversation is going to turn into and what that person that you helping is gonna turn into that shit may turn around and be some motherfucking other shit. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. For real. Some, Some words to live by.


Yeah. Man, don't be afraid to actually help someone for real, for, you know, don't, don't be afraid to help somebody. You know what I'm saying? It ain't all about giving up your resources or money or doing lending something, but if you can help them learn something that's going to benefit them and they actually use it and go forward, think that's what it's about. Hey man, you know, before we get up outta here, man, And I gotta ask you about this, man. You like the, the the dawn of the marijuana gang? No, I'm not. Do not put that Jack, don't you put that evil on me, Ricky Bobby, Don't you put that evil on me, Ricky Bobby. No, man. But when you talk about, you know, when you talk about good weed brands, people who have survived, you know, who's been here for a while, right?


You think about, you know, you and you think about the homie be real. Yeah. Why do you, and you, you know, you told us about this earlier. Why do you think you've been able to sustain in that, in that game? Well, I think it is hard to have celebrity brands. People don't believe in that. You hip hop doesn't sell weed. Like hiphop can sell clothing, hiphop can sell concerts, hiphop hop, hiphop can sell alcohol, number of other things. But seldom do celebrity brands work in cannabis because first of all, cannabis has to work and people buy cannabis for different reasons.


And to manufacture a brand, it takes a lot of capital. And the licensing, especially on the legal side, is really difficult. You know what I'm saying? And if you going to be under the microscope, people will fuck with you. You know, it's hard. There's a lot of competition. There's people that undercut you, you know, do all, it's you. I thought the record business was tough. Cannabis is fucking rough, you know what I'm saying? So you have to learn how to pivot. And because I built a few brands and you know, I was up at three in the morning moving pallets. I did distribution, I learned every aspect of cannabis and how to get it from seed to sale.


I, I never most mess with cultivation because I just, I just, not my wheelhouse. But we know marketing and we've done marketing for a long time through our own music and other things. And those ideas still work in cannabis. You know what I'm saying? Target in your audience, knowing how to speak to 'em, speaking their language when they hear their song or they hear their words and they hear in in, and it's built into the marketing and that's, ooh, oh, that, that's my po they say, they saying there's bright shit over here. I'm, I'm going over here. We going over there. Oh shit, the city's great is built, you know, but I said, I'm gonna stop competing in this market with one brand and I'm gonna go to the retail side because why sell one brand when I could sell everybody's shit.


And that was the, that was the pivot for me. It was, it's really difficult to start a brand in California. It's easier to, it is easier to start in other places because the laws and are, and the tax structure is different, you know, and you have to think globally now because now cannabis is not just legal in the US it's legal in like, you know, Spain, it's legal in, you know what I'm saying? Taiwan, you know, you can go for the Taiwan to get blow now. Yeah, absolutely. You know what I'm saying? A lot of the laws are changing towards cannabis. It is becoming a billion dollar industry. And you know, just like when alcohol became out of ambition, there was brands that was on the black market that exist today.


You know what I'm saying? Like Jim Beam. Oh yeah, for sure. Motherfucking Seagram's. You know what I'm saying? Like all these brands were 150 year old brands as well as distributors, you know, man. Right? Correct. So they was already bootlegging and everything and then they just maintained great marketing. Yeah, they, they, they probably was getting beat Seagram's and all them was probably getting beat by niggas who had the brown paper bag with the X xx on it, you know what I'm saying? Selling motherfuckers like water, you know what I'm saying? But they didn't have a brand and that shit died out and eventually had to soak into something that did have branding. So them, so you have to look at, at cannabis the same way, you know what I'm saying? And, and like I said, it goes back to the people that, you know, always wanna do stuff.


They self, you know what I'm saying? I think that the pe there's only a few black owners and real owners in, in cannabis, you know what I'm saying? Al Harrington, you know, there's a, there's a couple other guys that, that are moving around really well, but really it's, it is the network. They want our culture. So people that that, that get behind, like even Snoop stores, you know, it's the smoke weed everyday store. Like it's important to support these brands because it's too easy for somebody to come and try to wipe it out. And then, you know, we have no representation and now here we are, you know, creating another billion dollar industry that we have no position in.


You know what I'm saying? We gave away our spots and then we hated the rest of the niggas out the way. You know what I'm saying? Like Cheat too, Man. Like, like, you know what I'm saying? There's no reason why these stores, you know, as we as, as we get back in, into these corners, you know, and then people are, are selling weed out the back door, you know what I'm saying? By the thousands and thousands of pounds on the black market and then the state does nothing to shut down the black markets. And even if they do get shut down, they open up the next day across the street and there's no taxes being paid. You know what I'm saying? So it's a really tough place to be, to be competitive, you know what I'm saying?


So all that being said, man, it's, it's like I think cannabis is a great place, but if you want to really get into the game, I think organizing behind people who already have the licensing already have the stores, already have the brands is where the next step for us to actually do something is going because we're competing against people that don't have to pay the same bills that we have to pay. Mm. You know what I'm saying? But if we can drive our community to support these brands, support these stores, and we get 200, 300 people through the store a day and then now we become like the first ones that get bought out when the motherfucking, the people come through. You know what I'm saying?


Like that's the play, you know what I'm saying? A lot of people wanted say, oh, I'm starting a brand. They, it's 1,050 brands already out in the stores distributed. Not to discourage you, but what are you going to sell in cannabis that's not already on the market? What Some good weed Niggas have got good weed. That's what I'm saying. Niggas got their own, niggas got little closet grows, they grow good weed. Exactly. You know what I'm saying? For sure. It's, it's widgets. We all selling the same widgets, but how cool can you make your widget commercial and how cool can you make your widget experience? That's what cannabis is. Everybody got good weed, but how can you bring in your people?


And I think that's, that's, that's the play. That's that's what I'm trying to organize and make people So retail. Yeah, For retail, you know, you know these people build, you know, wing stops and franchise days out shit out to they homies. Like you don't think I'll put an exhibit West Coast Cannabis with the homies in they place and then we build some shit. So then when pharmaceutical monies come through here, nigga we all got a piece of this motherfucker, your store do this and hell, you, you Know what I'm, because I'm gonna tell you this nigga What nigga? Boom. It's more people smoking weed than never. I'm gonna tell you, I was like I said, I was a, I didn't smoke weed for the longest dog. I didn't start smoking weed dog because I was in my late forties. Seriously, when you start getting them little pains in your body, shit Lower back, me hurting, you know what The fuck, shit, the homie let me hit the joint one day.


I thought it was the most amazing shit ever. I Said, man, And on that note, we going to end this 'cause we gonna start talking about this old niggas when we started smoking weed at fucking 50 years Old. Next episode, aches and pains on King Pro s Man, I appreciate you man sitting down with us man, and man, y'all make sure, man, y'all go, man, I can't say it Kingmaker man. Kingmaker man Kingmaker. Yeah. Y'all make sure y'all go knock that motherfucker dog And we about to announce tour dates, you know, we gonna stay out, you know, for the rest of the year and, and really man, just work hard, brother. I can't, I can't wait to see people out live And I can't wait to y'all to experience this record the way we, we love making it.


So thank you for having me. Yes indeed. Appreciate all day You. And on that note, we gone Jill. Well that concludes another episode of the Gangster Chronicles podcast. Be sure to download the iHeart app and subscribe to the Gangster Chronicles podcast for Apple users. Find a purple mic on the front of your screen, subscribe to the show, leave a Common and rating executive producers for the Gangster Chronicles podcast are Norman Steel Aaron, MCA Tyler, our visual media directors, brown White, and our audio editor is Taylor Hayes. The Gangster Chronicles is a production of iHeart Media Network and the Black Effect Podcast Network. For more podcasts from iHeartRadio, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts. Wherever you listen to your podcast,


The best kind of help is the kind you don't have to ask for like your friend pulling up on a moving day with a truck, a speaker and snacks ready to go. Well that's the energy you get with at t's new guarantee. If there's ever a network interruption, they make it right by giving you credit for a full day of service, proactively credit for fiber, downtime, lasting 20 minutes or more, or wireless downtime, lasting 60 minutes or more caused by single incident impacting 10 or more towers, restrictions and exclusions. Apply to att.com/guarantee for full details. At&t connecting changes everything.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February 20, 24 Nielsen report.


Here at the Almond Joy factory where tropical vibes are bound, we use soft, fresh tasting, coconut, the crunchiest, almonds, and delicious chocolate candy. Ah, but do you know what our most important ingredient is? Sometimes you feel like a nut, sometimes you don't. Almond Joys got nuts and something way better than that. Yes, Al Joy is made with Almond.


Hi, I'm Danielle Official from Pod Meets World. So for my two boys, I got Samsung Galaxy Watch for kids. And I'm not saying I'm kind of jealous of my kids' tech, I'm saying I am definitely jealous of my child's tech. This thing lets them call, text and explore all from their wrist. No smartphone required. And don't worry, you are still the boss. You control who they can talk to and yes, you can totally stock their location in real time. Get Galaxy Watch seven on T-Mobile. Now Kid ready with a new paired line. Visit T-Mobile dot com to order yours today. Parent and child must have a Samsung account and Google account with Family Link requires initial pairing with a compatible Samsung smartphone and qualifying wireless plan with LTE Service activated. Please check with your carrier for more information. Trusted contact applies to compatible apps. It does not restrict communication through third party or other communication apps. Emergency services and contacts remain accessible. Location sharing is dependent on network connectivity and device being recently active T-Mobile terms via 24 monthly bill credits. When you add a qualifying paired watch line, see additional offer terms on T-Mobile dot com, this Is an iHeartPodcasts.