
Piece of the planet, Charlemagne Tha Godhead.


And I want you to know from Curtis 50 cent Jackson and the executive producers of Power comes the explosive new season of the Stars original series Raising Canaan. In the riveting fourth season, slates have seemingly been wiped clean for Canaan Rock and the rest of the Thomas family. However, in the eye of the storm, when very dangerous obstacle looms large, unique is alive, unique makes a volatile and violent return as he hunched to upend the lives of the time family. Don't miss the season Premier Raising Canaan. March 7th, only on Stars in the Stars app.


Hey Everybody, it's your favorite play cousin Jr. From the Steve Harvey Morning show.


You know, the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra. With available I Force Max Hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


I'm Hunter host of Hunting for Answers on the Black Effect Podcast network. Join me every weekday as I share bite-sized stories of missing and murdered black women and girls in America. Stories like Erica Hunt. A young mother vanished without a trace after a family gathering on 4th of July weekend, 2016. No goodbyes. No clues. Just gone. Listen to Hunting for Answers every weekday on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Check out Pluto TV's, the Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent, both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norbit and paid in full binge series like Tyler Perry's Sisters in Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet, or phone. All for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream Now Pay Neville. But all right, y'all all across the USC Compton Watts Bay to La Pomona, California from Valley to Valley, we represent that Killer County.


So if you keeping it real on your side of your town, you tune into Gangster Chronicles. Every Gangster Chronicles. We gonna tell you How it goes. If I lie, my nose will grow like Pinocchio. We gonna tell you the truth and nothing but the truth. Gangster chronic goals, This is not your average show. You're now tuned into the real MCA big sales distinct from the streets. Hello, We j Welcome to the Gangster Chronicles podcast, the production of iHeartRadio and Black Effect Podcast Network. Make sure you download the iHeart app and subscribe to the Gangster Chronicles for my Apple users. Hit the purple mic on your front screen, subscribe to the Gangster Chronicles and leave a five star rating and comment.


Y'all know what this is? The Gangster Chronicles is Big Steel with the homeboy. Yeah. And we was having a conversation earlier today and that's how most of our episodes go. Me and eighth having the conversation and we just go with that. I asked the question, is it ever a time when someone is too old to gang bang a claim their neighborhood? I guess it depends on if, if gang banging is the backbone and the foundation of who you are as a, as a person. And what I try to, what I'm what Emini here by that is gang bang has been around for a long time and you gotta feel some to some, to some of us that was our heritage of foundation, right?


You know, you didn't have a, you know, you didn't have a grandfather who had the big farm and generational wealth was passed down or you know, you didn't have the celebrity, whatever. All we had was gang banging. Right? So that became your foundation because that was what you, you know, I didn't, after I turned a certain age and before I started rapping, I didn't think that, you know, my future existed as of of being the man who went to nine to five job and came home. You know, those years between 14 and maybe 30, it was, it was hood representation.


You get me, it was nigga khaki suits and you know, and okay, I started rapping and you're able to acquire a little bit of success or whatever, but that still doesn't transition over to the hood was everything you get me the hood, you know, allowed me to, you know, serve and make money. The hood allowed me a space to congregate with my peers to where, you know, you felt safe in your neighborhood to where you wasn't out of bounds or nothing. And so I say a lot of niggas, you know, some niggas who you know, went away to prison and got that 25 to life and whatever, and they're just now coming home.


You are welcome back to the hood. You get me. You're seen as that OG who represented who walked that line and, and, and who gave, you know, prowess to the neighborhood. So a lot of niggas feel like, yeah, that's Emini here. You know, some niggas come home and like I said, you back to the block, you where they niggas get killed, niggas go to prison, whatever, blah, blah. And then back to the neighborhood, they see us go because like I said, again, for a lot of niggas who don't change, the mentality of of the hood is everything. You are unable to go out and, and be, you know, a regular man and get a nine to five and whatever.


And then some niggas who still do that still go back to the hood and represent Hood. You get me? Well, well What do you say about the dude that's a grandpa? No, he's a grandfather. Let's say he on did a bed, he on been locked up and he come home after 15 years. He's a grandfather. Now he got grandkids and in some cases his grandson might be claiming the hood. He might be a little tiny lo or little tiny blood from the hood. You feel what I'm saying? So he's gonna be out there gang banging with his grandson. Like I said, he ain't gonna be out there putting work, but when you go to grandpa house, everybody know he was the OG from the set. You, I, it's, it's, it's like I said, it's hard to decipher 'cause a lot of people don't stand gang banging on the point of it.


And so, but yeah, a lot of that is family tradition handed down. I knew, I knew brothers, brothers that I hung with, you know what I'm saying? 30 years ago they had kids and they kids had kids. They kids just came in the hood. Yeah. That's crazy. You know what bro? I guess, and you know what I should understand gang banging. I've been on the west coast since I was 17. I'm in my fifties now. All my friends don't you? Right. Don't you know niggas that you hung around like you said you didn't gang bang, but you niggas, you, you niggas who bang All my friends are gang bangers with them Niggas with them niggas with them niggas turn around right now just on the strength and be like, what up C you know, blah blah or you know, they still saying where they from you get me.


It's not like a you half the niggas, you know, probably still doing that And it might, and you know what I'm gonna tell you like this, that's not a all the time thing now with a couple of 'em it is, but with most of them it may be when they get upset about something or maybe when something funny ha ha because said this ha you see blood did this. That's how, how it is. Right? But they for the most part kinda like stay in this kind of like neutrality about the whole thing. Now if somebody come tripping, they gonna let you know this such and such, you know what Emini here. Exactly. And they ready to flash at a moment's notice. I'm just saying, man, don't it get a little too old at, at some point when you become grandpa in the set man and your grandson is gang banging and you may have, your grandson may have a son.


Man, you, you know what I saw the other day, shout out to my homeboy Marv because he takes credit as the o oldest living prior roof. You know what, you know what I'm talking about? Yeah. I told La Marv and he's a funny dude. I told La Marv is 70 something years old, still look like he in shape. And I've heard, you know, allegedly that, that I don still knock the few dudes out. A few young dudes. Mm Put a few young cats in Their pocket. It's not impossible. Like I said, I guess I guess being of age and representing the neighborhood Emini here, you, you, you got OG status, you get me.


And then some are and and some are accepted for that, you know what I'm saying? Putting in work for the hood, going down, doing a bid coming home, people still recognize you as that. You know, they might not think like, oh this man, this nigga finna come home and he finna be on one and hitting corners and Wooky won, but you're respected because of the line you walked. And I don't know, I I don't know it, I don't know why it's, you know, it's frowned upon. Like I said, when you get a certain age, I, I guess you're supposed to transition, you know, just for anything as a man, you get me as we get older, we supposed to get more mature, wiser and you know, be aware and steer 'em on the path of a, of a straight line.


But like I tell niggas when that's your foundation, it's kind of, you know, it's kind of, it's kind of difficulty to to to Just say, you know, all right, you know I'm 50 now so the rag is put up so to speak because even though you're trying to walk a straight path, there's a niggas always out there who know you used to be from here and nigga might wanna test you still, you could have all the respect and whatever you want from niggas and the OGs love it and whatever, but you know, enemies is enemies and that's what it is. So you just always have to be fearful of that.


So that's why I think, you know, because gang banging is that generational, you know, that generational shit you get me, if, if I was, if I was still, you know, in the hood and living in the crib in the hood, you know, because some niggas do that, you know, on a regular, on regular shit, you know, you grow up in the hood, right? So it didn't become, you know, still with the podcast and the football and the motherfucking you regular nigga and, and you still in the hood, there's, there's, there's, there's a chance that you're not gonna venture out of the neighborhood nigga.


If you can rent a house around the corner coming outta mama's house, you get and you can rent an apartment around the corner, that's where you going to go, right? And then you going to go to apartment, you going to be in the hood still kicking it, whatever, or not too far away and then you gonna come to the hood every day and then you are transitioning of what? Getting around, oh shit, you know, I got a regular, I got a job nigga, I'm working construction or I'm down at the docks and you know, whatever, whatever. You still come to the hood every day when you got a lady? Yeah. That's The thing, right? Okay. Let's say you are one of them dudes that you know, 'cause you got dudes that still claim the hood, but I like to call them kind of semi-retired.


You feel what I'm saying? If, if you will, like they semi-retired, they still mess with the homies here and there, but for the most part they go to work and they hanging out with they families. They may have Gang niggas, you know, older niggas, niggas that was older than me that, that are still around and they still meet up at the park and they still kick it and barbecue and be in the alleys, you know, playing dominoes and it's niggas. That's just what else? Lifestyle. So, so would you say that gang banging is a lifestyle? Oh definitely. But it's, it, it's, but the lifestyle has been manipulated. You did me because the, the lifestyle has been mono monetized, the lifestyle has been openly accepted by those other people now.


So, and then there's, there's a lot of craziness with the shit now. You know what We were talking about, we was talking about Jim Jones earlier and Jim Jones is kind of like, I don seen Jim Jones reinvent himself a couple of times, right? You know, he came out, he was like Cams and them, he was like kind of like the executive slash bodyguard slash just the homie that was around a rep every once in a while to where he put out a hit records when he put, when he put balling out, he had a hit record. Right? Right. Then you saw him kind of as seeing to where he came with a certified gangster record. You like, okay, this dude is the rap star now. Right. He really worked his way up the ranks in the traditional way. 'cause that's kinda how it used to be with us. You know, you might start off as a roadie, I know Red Man and them started off as as roadies for EPMD.


You feel what I'm saying? They wasn raping. At first they was just the homies that, you know, trying to get on right. Battling cats at the shows. So we see him now, he's kind of like on this hood world tour, he was just out here with wacko and he out here showing wack 100. Like I'm out here in the neighborhood. But the thing is, this guy's in his fifties, Right? And people are loving it. This dude is 50 years old and 11 it, That's because his rep, his representation right now is of the streets. And like I said, you're gonna get tired of a lot of bullshit. You know, it just happens in hip hop.


You get me the gang banging music was always frowned upon, but it was loved. You get me and it sold a gang of records but then music started, you know, basically the doors blew off, right? And basically everything is open with hip hop. You give me, you can be the backpacker, you could be the hip hopper, you could be, you could be L-G-B-T-Q, you could what you get me rap is open, but the foundation of rap was something different of hip hop.


It was something different. So, and for New York to be one of those places who's looked at as the mecca or the foundation of hip hop was bred on hard shit. New York niggas, you get me the the Rakims and the Big Daddy Cannes and the EP MDs that that represented you know, hard music, you know the the Bronx scenario and the Harlem shit and all that. That represented a a a a scene and when you start confusing that with all kind of shit, you know, niggas now want to, you know, be three piece suited and you know, niggas want to be popping champagnes and Lamborghinis and just want to be made backs and all that.


And you forgetting about the niggas who you get me, you forgetting about the, the the niggas on the blocks and the bricks where the foundation of what we, you get me because you know, they started banging and niggas was cripping and blooding and so now you got a niggas of a foundation of street shit that niggas they missing. You feel me? Just like the scenario when 50 came out, you get me, we had all this sing song ass rap shit and you know, niggas was too bawling for the nigga jumping out with Louis Vuitton draws on and all kind you feel niggas forgot the niggas forgot the foundation of of hip hop.


So when 50 came out it blew the doors because it was something New York was missing. Like we missing that that you get me that g grittiness. So I think that with Jim Jones, he's taking it to a place where like damn like we, y'all niggas is all trying to be fancy and we just some greed niggas at the block in front of the bodega trying to make money and we in the project still and niggas is nigga we still wearing Timberland and hanging out on the corners and shit. We not in the high, we not in the high rises and shit, you know with our feet kicked up with the white executives and you know got a $20 million check, you know, nah nigga we out here struggling, we gotta get, when a nigga represents us makes niggas go fuck that other shit.


You get me. So now not only do niggas start looking at it in your section, they start looking at it like across the board, oh this nigga like y'all trying to hate on it and talk about a nigga old and why he still in the hood and wo but you start seeing all the hood niggas respect it, you get me because they feeling like we got representation for us again and with the music, you get me this nigga talking about nigga I'm from Harlem, fuck all that other shit. Fuck all of this and that nigga Harlem nigga back in Harlem we did this and niggas did that and niggas he making niggas remember of what it was.


And so niggas go, oh fuck that you get me so and what not, what knot's gonna work more when you get the hood niggas behind you, you get me? Yeah. Like come on man nigga I don't give a fuck nigga. Yeah okay you 50 nigga the homie you right here 40 and but it but it it it, the young cat is 20 something but then you connecting with all the niggas who still own that shit, you feel me? And when it comes to that shit, it don't matter their age. If you representing the block, niggas going to respect it just period because you didn't sell out or figure you had to do what the other niggas is doing.


That ain't really representing us. Like, I don't know, niggas started thinking that money made you og you feel me? And money just made you have money. You still be a fuck nigga with money. You just got money, you ain't hard 'cause you got money. You just got money. Well you know what man, I'm gonna tell you, money became a thing for the sucker to kinda flex on the hard dude. Exactly. That Became, that became his flex. So it, it was a time to where, and it's always been that way. The guy that has money has kind of got a pass because if he had money he didn't have to be that tough 'cause he could have people hanging out with him.


That was tough. That wasn't nobody gonna bother him 'cause they was, he was paying these people around them. Right, right. So it really was kind of dis it was a disingenuine relationship. Right. You hear it all the time that a woman may marry a dude that she don't really love because he got what? He got paper, he got security. Most women want security. They're like, man, you know what, that other nigga, he put it down, he, you know, he he that nigga Everything, that nigga knock nigga out in two seconds and whoop but ain't no job. This motherfucker, this motherfucker gotta pay motherfuckers to do it. This dude right here got a job, he got a home for me and my, you know, she may wanna start having kids if she don't got them.


So she thinking about the bigger picture, she's like, well man, that other dude, that's cool, but I'm going over here with the money. You see what I'm saying? I'm going with the money because money, you know Yeah. Women About money bring happiness. Exactly. But it don't all the time you get me. No, but I've, I've, I've learned it's all about who's, who's true and who's, you know, it's all about who, who will fuck with you if you got $7 in your pocket or 7 million. And I've learned that, you know, it's only a few of them type of people you get, you get me.


But you know what, bro, I'm gonna tell you this, right? I think it is the average person in this country makes $40,000 a year, right? Yeah. And I I'm talking about people that take care of families. Two or three kids may have a car note, got a house note or whatever like that and they make 40,000 a year. They may have a wife that work, she may make 30, $40,000. So they do that, they take care of kids and man make it work. Right? That is the common person in the United States. The whole thing, the whole misconception about everybody being a baller is a big ass myth. Yeah. 'cause the majority of the people in this country, bro, make let, I wanna make sure it's right.


Let me look at that average salary in us. The average salary in the us Oh, I was off the average yearly salary in the US is $65,000. Right. $65,000. Hold on. And then they say the median annual wage for all US workers is 48,000. That's what I saw. That's more like it, that's more aligned with what I was talking about. Right, Right. That's the average everyday American because 65, 66, I ain't gonna say you upper middle class, but you kinda, you okay. You feel what I'm saying? You you all right. You can make that work. You Could, yeah you could, you could survive and not be worried about paying the cable bill next month.


You know. Exactly. But when you making 40, $48,000 a year having cable, a luxury homeboy. Exactly That. That'll be the first bill getting cut off every month. You know, you not gonna let your lights get shut off the wife's tv And depending on what your mortgage or your rent or your lease is, you anywhere between motherfucking two and 4,000. Oh man. Out here in la you know, my son, he live in a cool area, but he stay Long Beach. Right. He stay off, you know, a a few hours down from the beach. This dude is in a one, it, it's not a studio apartment, but it's one of them little apartments where you got your separate little kitchen, you got your living room, but then the other half of the living room is like a little bed where you could put your little bed at or whatever.


Man, he paying $2,900 a month for that. Yeah. Because it's LA County and it's Long Beach and when you down there in Long Beach by the water or wherever in a nice area, this area, yeah. That shit is, it's, it's ridiculous. And like I said, so you, you, you definitely, you definitely would be in a predicament. You get me And that's for a young kid just starting out And that's him, you know, you gotta remember and he make good income, he a fireman, right? So he hang out with all the firemen and he like it down there because half the places they go, like you got them little bars, they go on hunting the beach and stuff that's right down the street from there.


And he go hang out with his, you know, firemen boys and he's safe and he kicks it. He has a good time. 'cause he told me all of my sons, all of my kids are total opposite. Stefan is the square straight lace one, he always knew he wanted to be a public servant. He was gonna either be a police officer or a fireman and he's a fireman, right. Chris always played football, but Chris played with a bunch of dudes from Compton Watts, long Beach, you know what I'm saying? The projects. So he kind of emphasized a little bit more, even though he wasn't the hood dude farthest from it. All his boys are, that's who he are. That's who he played with. Even at St. John Bowell, he played with dudes that was from the neighborhood. He played with dudes that had the eggs to him.


You feel what I'm saying? Right. Whereas Jasmine, she the mixture of both, while she appreciates all that stuff, she's still like, oh I ain't doing that. That's ghetto. You feel what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So they all extremes. Stefan don't wanna be around that stuff. He thinks all that stuff is just like the worst stuff in The World. Chris think everything got a motive. He think everything got a reason. Jasmine, she kinda in the middle. She think it's ghetto, but she like whatever, you know? Right. So the average dude, I hear that that iss kind of keeping it real so to speak. He's going to identify with more people because that's who the average person is in this country.


The average person in this country is the person that's kinda living check to check. Oh definitely. It ain't no whole bunch of balling going on. And I think Jim always identified with the common man. 'cause he said something one day that I kind of as a dude that got a mediocre career. You feel what I'm saying? Right. You living cool, but you not really living. You know it, it's not a steady thing. Right. He says something one day, he says sometimes he gotta tell a wife and them, Hey, you know what, we can't get Louis Vuitton and go do this and go on trips and all that now, but we could be back to balling and about five or six months I gotta get these projects together. I gotta do this and do that. Then we gonna get back to it.


Right. That's the reality for the average bro. Yeah. You, like I said, you gotta have, you gotta have somebody who understands the situation. And like you said, if you dealing with the common man and the common hood nigga, everything is a hustle. You feel me? So, you know, we gotta learn that shit. We not, we might not be motherfucking fucking 10 $50 million rich, but you know, we can climb that ladder. Oh yeah man. And, and it is just a, I think in the age we in, man, I, I was talking to one of the homies, you know, we always having conversations, right?


I was talking to a couple of the young homies, they close to getting them a little situation right? And I was kind of mentioning their expectations and telling them what to expect And I was telling them like, don't believe these rap these music videos. Don't believe none of this stuff because all over is kind of a, all of it is kind of a lie, right? All of it is a myth.


Charlemagne tha god here. And I want you to know from Curtis 50 cent Jackson and the executive producers of Power, the hit star's original series Raising Canaan is coming back the new season of the Family Crime drama continues the origin story of fan favorite Canaan Star originally played by 50 cent in the flagship series Power as he delves further into his evolution from a devoted son into the ruthless villain that fans have known and loved from the jump. This is a transformative season for Canaan that you won't wanna miss the new season of Raising Canaan premieres March 7th only on Stars in the Stars app.


I'm Hunter host of Hunting for answers on the Black Effect podcast network. Join me every weekday as I share bite-sized stories of missing and murdered black women and girls in America. There are several ways we can all do better at protecting black women. My contribution is shining a light on our missing sisters and amplifying their disregarded stories. Stories like Tamika Anderson as she drove toward Galvez. She was in contact with several people talking on the phone as she made her way to what should have been a routine transaction. But Tamika never bought the car and she never returned home that day. One podcast, one mission, save our girls, join the search as we explore the chilling cases of missing and murdered black women and girls. Listen to hunting for answers every weekday on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


We got the homie glasses Malone in the house. He, he just came through. He gonna love this conversation. So we we kind of got away from it a little bit, bro. Oh let see the question was, is it ever too late for a dude to be out there gang banging or pushing the line in his neighborhood? What do you mean pushing the line for his neighborhood? Like a dude that's just saying he a gang bang, he from the hood. He may be, he may be a grandfather. He may got, he may got grandkids that belong to the neighborhood. Now he may not be out there active, but he's in his late fifties, early sixties out there still pushing a line for his neighborhood. But you don't really push a line for your neighborhood. Like You really push a line for your friends.


So I don't know if there's ever an age where pushing a line for your friends, you can get too old. But I think there's a rhetoric about pushing a line for your neighborhood versus pushing a line for your friends. Do you ever get too old to stand up for your friends? No. I, I knew you old ass was going to have some kind of like common logic to the stuff. You and a both a pretty much said the same thing you did by the way. No, you don't never get too old to, to take care of your friends, take care of your homeboys. No. So a lot of gang banging is kind of fr made to think like it got something to do with the, the name of the street or the sign at the park.


I don't really have nothing to do with what this thing is about. This is about your lifelong friends most of the time if you like really from where you from, these are your lifelong friends. So right now, if Russ live around the corner for me right now, now Russ said he not even like he did some time, he don't even feel like he want to be apart. But if he called me and needed me at, you know, at 45 and I'm gonna go around there and take this pistol around there just in case I gotta get active to save his life and stand up for him. Fuck yeah. Hell no. I ain't got too old for that. See that's the thing you talking about looking out for a homeboy right now or holding somebody down right there. There's nothing wrong with that.


That's to be suspected. 'cause you know, any one of y'all call me and need my assistance, I'm gonna be there. Right. I'm talking about the thing, dude. You know what I'm talking about? The dude that still got the rag on his head, he still got the rag on his head. He's out there, he still got a, he still got a pistol in his waist. He's still doing his thing. Is that dude too old to be gang banging? I still, I I know it sounds like I'm being disingenuous or misleading. I'm telling you the truth. I don't see it the same way you see it like, Well you didn't answer the question so you can't tell me you ain't seen a dude in his fifties, early sixties with a rag on his head and he's still out there pushing the line Emini here pushing the line.


Like what? Like he is a a a proud representative. Yeah, but a proud representative of what that mean. He's still a hardcore gang banger. What do you think that means still? I think that means he's a man that's still stuck in his childhood that's trying to relive his childhood and has been stuck in his childhood. That's what I think about them dudes is I think his goes further than a dude is represented his neighborhood. I think these are men who still are tuck or are still caught up and being a juvenile and they missed, they Missed their childhood. Huh? You feel that way about fbe? No. FBE is not a dude that walk around with, with blue rags on his head or do this, do that.


Fbe is a dude that own a business. He owns a business Is a proud nigga from Insane Crip right now. He see, you know what I'm talking about man, don't do that. No, I don't know what talking not walking around Fabi not walking around with a Raiders jersey on and a and a and a Black Raider rag and and the thing. So you don't think Fabe wear Raider jersey right now? Today? Oh yeah. I'm pretty sure he do. That's his, one of his favorite teams. I'm pretty sure Fabi do that right now. But the thing is G he's not out there with a rag on his head. Just out there just calls just in the middle of the hood. Just calls the stir A Raiders jersey is a rag for somebody from insane. Yeah. Gee, you know what I'm saying? He don't do that all the time. Most of the time I see fa he got a polo or something though.


What about Trey? You think Trey too old to be Man representative? I don't Tre d Tre d is a man of intellect. Re d he's a man of intellect. He don't wear no whole bunch of, I a actually I've never seen him outside of him when he do his performances. I ain't seen him wear a whole bunch of Raider stuff and he don't be dressed like a gang banger. He kind be dressed clean, cut, got a little fade. You know what Emini here On your mind, gang bangers dress a certain way. I'm talking about dudes that's just active. See I ain't talking. All my friends are gang bangers saying You said all this Rady when he wasn't a Raider jersey, he wasn't active. Huh? Are you saying whenever Tradey is not wearing a Raider's jersey, he's not active.


I didn't say that. See I I didn't say that. 'cause the Raiders could just be his favorite team too. Or it could be the fact that this is the the, it could Be his fa and it could be that too. But I ain't talking about the dude that's just over the top man. It's just like I'm naming dudes over the top. You think you think Trae over the top Trae is a fucking insane crypt to the day he die Samet for Funy. Yeah, they's. But they don't But they But they don't walk around with no, with no blue rag with no rags on their head. No. They Walk around a Raiders jersey with a blower and a blow your head off if you play with them or they friends right now Tre dt for ain't finna be like, oh I'm a grandfather right now.


You could play with me. I ain't finna let you play with him being a gang member. Still being a gang member still is all saying, will you take the law in your hand to advance whatever, will you take the, will you, will you go beyond the laws rules to, would you go beyond the law's rules to advance your cause? I don't think you ever get away from that. If you like grew up how we grew up. I don't think Tracy, I don't think Fbe, I don't think Dan Tana, I don't think none of them people you could play with them. They not gonna wake up and be like, I'm a grandfather. You know what, you could just punk me.


That ain't happening. And if you play with them, they may not call the proper authority still to get with you. They might give you the justice you asking for right now. Judge, Lemme ask you this right here, right? I you, you brought up fine B, right? Yeah. Fbe is more focused on increasing his revenue than he is on anything hood related. Every time I'm talking to him, you know he got that car shuttle business he got going on, he do security for trading. He trade these security fbe always handling some business. What makes you think that's what we wasn't doing as gang members. We was trying our paper when we was gang banging every day.


You Gang bangers hang Out, middle smoke. We, you remember you found what FBE was doing when you first met him. He was advancing his finances. Yeah, we was kids though. We was doing it in a legal manner. In a legal fashion. Now he's doing it legally 'cause he doesn't want to go back to jail Again. It ain't worth going to jail for that. Now there are certain things to fbe. I'm sure if you ask fbe, if you ask OG fbe is there things worth going to jail, he going to give you a list of things that he would go to prison over. Gee, it's everybody with everybody has a point that they will risk it all right? No, I got a point to where I risk it all. I go to prison to protect my family and mine Because you knew you wouldn't go to prison for that.


I wouldn't go to prison. For what? For protecting my family self Defense. Yeah. I I go to prison for self-defense like, like a motherfucker. Hell you I Because it's called, that's why you referenced that self defense. Yeah. I I wouldn't have to go the thing, the thing is I would do everything I can to protect my family and my loved ones Within the laws. No it sometimes man, sometimes the laws ain't man. Like the thing is this, if I got a blower right, let's say I got a blower right? And That motherfucker might not be legal, it might not be my registered Gun. You're gonna have an illegal blower. No, but let's Just say the situations is like that. Pretend like the situations is like that where I grabbed this pistol, you think I'm gonna be grabbing and a mix of stuff happening.


Oh, I wonder if this heat is legal. This is not my registered gun so I can't use it. No. I'm gonna bust dude down and worry about the repercussions later on. You're not gonna get an illegal blower still. I might be at your house dog. If somebody might have did something to you And I might have to grab your strap and get business. You going to come with your legal blower then? Yeah, It's good to have a legal blower. 'cause I don't want, that's why because I don't want to go to jail so I'm have my my legal Heat. So you asking, so you asking me the difference between you and let's say an MC eight is MC eight is not going to worry about if this blower legal if he needs the blower. He that's not the first thing on his mind. You know what? This motherfucker ain't legal ain't even the First thing on mind either Still.


Yes it is. That's what separate you. That's what separates you from being a gang member. The only I keep telling you our lives ain't that different. Right? We all grew up in street urban culture. The only difference is people like me and eight decided to thug with our friends. You thug by yourself to some degree but you also grew up and you like, you know what, most of this shit ain't worth going to jail. People like me eight tra we still think there's reasons to go to jail. Eight. Don't think to itself, you know what, I got grandkids now. You know what, I'm gonna let this nigga do this to me. No Bro. It ain't about me saying you just let a nigga just do something to you. It don't work like that dog. What I'm saying is that's, that's All. If you a dude That just out there, you 65, damn near 70.


You pressing people, you banging on people where you from fool and all this and that. You don't think that's too old bro. Still they don't even a press is understated bro. You don't press people to say where you from. You press people if you think they're a threat to where you at, where you from is a way to identify who is this foreign person within my realm. It's not like you just trying to be me and you walk around hitting niggas up. Hold, hold on h trying to say something. His thing ain't on though. Yeah, we still can't hear you bro. But anyway man it is fool. That's too old to gang bang g. It ain't never, it ain't never an age still to change. Look, it's up to you the day you don't ever want to go to jail for nothing is the day you done as a gang member.


Well see I'm saying this right here, right? I have legal guns, right? Sure. And I do that because that's the right thing to do. That's a logical thing because I understand that we live the time in society to where you should have weapons in your house because there's people outside that could be coming and you don't wanna be up there S right, You don't, you don't wanna be unprepared. You feel what I'm saying? No. You don't think it's right to have guns. You have to abide by the law and that's your goal as a citizen. Citizen. That's my but that's all right as American citizen to have guns. I'm not looking for America to being a gang member means you're not looking for America to give you rights. That's all. You Just trying to gimme a hard time right now, bro.


You know what? Emini here, I'm not giving you a hard time big bro. You know I'm not, you know I'm dead serious. You know some of these Fool are too old to be out here doing the stuff they doing man. What are they doing? Still assessing a threat by saying, hey, where you from? Are you from around here? That's not too old to ever assess a threat. If you around the way, If you, so you somebody's grandfather and somebody, some his little grandson bring his friend home and that little dude got some red strings in this show. You think grandpa should ask him like, hey man, where you from Emini here. Is he active? Is is, is is grandson friend active? Do he look like, he dunno what could blow head off just His colors. Huh? The thing might be his, it might be his, it might be his school colors.


Okay. So then once you, once you assess the threat, ask this man where he from? Then you gonna know Say something Nate. One, two. Yeah, you on now? Yeah, you on now what was you saying man we saw your mouth moving. I was saying that I don't think that you know necessarily that you got 70-year-old niggas, you know, putting bandanas on they head, pulling up on niggas like yeah blood, they cub where you from homie? Like, like glasses said that's only going to be in a, in a expectation of I already had an issue with this dude. Or it's, it's, it's a situation to where I might need to have some words but at 70 years old I don't think no dude who was still in his neighborhood is going around actively like I'm gonna jump in the car full deep with the homies and we gonna put bandanas on and you know that's tv.


I tell you now comical shit still. I'm gonna tell You now the homie Ito Lamar just got at somebody. I ain't gonna get to talk on this thing too much. But he stocked the nigga out. He stole. But like I said that's probably a, that's probably some other, that's probably some other deep rooted issue. Marv Marv is older than gang banging. Marv is a fool. It has nothing to do with gangs. Like Marv is the real deal nut. He is serious more. Marv is older than the first Crips. The first Crips was born in 53. I think Marv was born in 49. You could rest assure whatever Marv you, You ready? Call him up and see what done ass you was.


You was messy and crazy. That's your, that's cool. Listen, whatever Mark is that way. I Wanna put you on real quick. I told them Marv, when the last time you on socks? Somebody out You try. I'm gonna put you on the podcast right now. Is that cool? Oh it's the gangster crime because I'm just gonna put you on for five minutes just real quick I wanna ask you a question, alright? Sure. Hey y'all, we got the homeboy Marv here Marv, just for the record, how old are you? 75. 75. When the last time you turn? 76. When you turned 76. That's glasses Malone. He said when you turned 76. I I just, I just turned 75.


February the fourth. February 4th. So Mar what, what Marv got going on? Marv is for real. This don't got nothing to do with gang banging. Marv just not playing. You keep chalking Marv behavior up to something to do with gangs. Marv was on some shit period. If gangs stopped today and there was never no more gangs, Marv still gonna be on the shitty own. It don't have nothing to do with that. Did you hear that Marv? Did you hear what glasses said? He said he said yeah I what he said about what? What's the discussion about? We talking about is there ever a time for somebody to be too old to be be active? What do you define active sitting in the park holding your nuts and active.


I'm talking about where you really out there pressing people. Do you think that because see Marvel the thing is you not out there pressing people. You actually a well-spoken man. You not out there pressing, butting nobody. You trying to make gang bangers like they just retarded either after, After a certain time you ain't gonna press nobody nowhere 45, 50 years old you gonna get your as beat Hear Mores ain't these youngsters ain't playing Emini here they some it ain't no more punching me. Ain't the bully like life is over. You know they say old men for council, young men for war. Ain't no more OGs, them OGs that you call OG hanging in the park, slapping dominoes talking about what they did in 77 80.


Nobody care about 77 80, it's 2025. What doing now? That's real spit man. That's real spit. Yeah but Can you hear me? Hold on, hold on. Can you hear me Mark? Yeah. This glasses big dog. I'm trying to tell Steel. Hey I'm trying to tell still who you are. Don't have nothing to do with Elm Street. You not playing with nobody period. Oh Oh he said he ain't from Elm Street G I'm sorry Ma. What? Who you are has nothing to do with Piru. Yeah I before Roo I our neighborhood my, I'm from Elm, my street, I was born on Elm Street.


Yeah it was treetops first and then they turned into Cedar blocks. Facts. So when I'm telling him Mark you was this way, way before anybody told you they didn't have to organize you to be this way Marv, you was already this way. I, I'm telling still I don't think he heard your story that you were in a penitentiary when gang banging started, you was in trouble already when gang banging started. When Sir when the first Crips came to Hawaii, I was already there. He not playing still when Cunningham after the ball balloon killing, he was the first Cryp that came to San Quentin. I was there Still.


He not playing this don't got nothing. Marv not playing. I know Marvin ain't playing. See I think y'all confusing what I'm talking about. I'm not talking about Marv. Marv don't be walking around with no rag on his head. Slapping dudes in the back of the head talking crazy. I've seen dudes trying to do that. Ain't Nobody 75 slap nobody in the back of the head still. I ain't saying they all 75. See I'm talking about people in they fifties. Marv, would you agree this is a lot of older men out here faking the funk As A lot as Is these people 55, 56 walking around, slapping Years old, hanging out with 20 year olds talking about what you did back in the day. If you did what you said you did, you'd still be on death row. So it's a lot of false scenarios.


That's why we in the position we in as blacks because we got 30 years of OGs not being able to relate to. And you got these old dudes misleading, misleading kids on what gang activity or what the, the creation of I I can only speak for power from Compton. I what Blood's do in la It's a whole different entity. I don education on us giving the real of what is supposed to be done. I ain't got no IBS on black in prison. All my enemies was Woods and Mexicans.


I ain't never done nothing to a black ain't had it coming. I don't just shoot it folks. I I ain't got no cri mad at me for killing another court. Mine all been economics for these dudes And I feel the same way for dudes been down 20, 30 years and get out here calling Theyself OGs. But you done killed a black but you ain't killed no white boy or Mexican in penitentiary in 30 years. What kind of sense that made There you have it still There you have it Marv. I appreciate you man and we gotta get you on Mar. When you gonna be back in town? I'll be all, all this. Well I leave on the eighth going to, I'll be back from the 15th until the 30th.


Alright, we we hook up man. I won't hook up with you. Big do. Oh for sure man. Love you man. Much love big dog. Love you too man. You yesterday? Yes sir. I'm on you when you get back man. We gonna make sure we politic Okay? For sure. Alright, thanks for calling Steve. For sure, for sure. Be safe out there big dog still. That's my boy right there. See he just living on man's stuff. See that's not him gang banging on nobody still Gang banging his man's stuff. You thought it was something different. And that's what I'm saying, you persecuting something you don't realize I didn't persecute, I just asked, I just asked is there, 'cause I didn't start it. We talked about eight made a reference to Jim Jones, right?


Sure. He said that Jim Jones is winning right now because people love authenticity. Yes. They see him gonna in these neighborhoods and they like it. Yes. I I but you, I speak on the fact that anytime somebody see, you know, some of this gray or know that your career was, you know, 20, 30 years ago and then first of all it's attention because niggas all go, you niggas are old, you feel me? That's the first thing with with the hip hop. The the tag is that you get a certain age then you shouldn't be rapping anymore.


And so it's kind of a a a, a fucked up situation when a lot of your music was neighborhood music and now you're 50 years old. And so people frown upon, oh this nigga was hanging out with the niggas on the block last night and this nigga was in Compton with the bloods over at Gonzales Park or this and then they frown upon it and they go nigga too old to be gang banger.


Charlemagne the god here. And I want you to know from Curtis 50 cent Jackson and the executive producers of Power, the hit star's original series Raising Canaan is coming back the new season of the Family Crime drama continues the origin story of fan favorite. Canaan Start originally played by 50 cent in the flagship series Power as he delves further into his evolution from a devoted son into the Roofless villain that fans have known and love from the jump. This is a transformative season for Canaan that you won't wanna miss the new season of Raising Canaan Premieres March 7th only on Stars in the Stars app.


I'm Hunter host of hunting for answers on the Black Effect podcast network. Join me every weekday as I share bite-sized stories of missing and murdered black women and girls in America. There are several ways we can all do better at protecting black women. My contribution is shining a light on our missing sisters and amplifying their disregarded stories. Stories like Tamika Anderson as she drove toward Galvez. She was in contact with several people talking on the phone as she made her way to what should have been a routine transaction. But Tamika never bought the car and she never returned home that day. One podcast, one mission, save our girls, join the searches, we explore the chilling cases of missing and murdered black women and girls. Listen to hunting for answers every weekday on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is how I feel, right? I I'm, I'm gonna speak to him saying about people you know calling, calling people old and telling people what they're too old to do. First of all, you do it right now. No listen, hold on. But not, this is a whole different thing bro. Emini here because if I turn around right now and the nigga see me on the corner with some Cortez on and some khakis and a white t-shirt, first thing they gonna say is that nigga ate too old to be gang banging out here. And nigga I just felt like putting on some Cortes and some cookies today. But that fits the demographic of, I used to gang bang or whatever And I used to rap or whatever And I talked about the hood and all that shit. So with you, you, you too old to be doing that shit.


You should be uplifting the nigga or you should be telling niggas you know how to come up and get up out of this shit. Get up out that and get up out of that. So they tag us to a certain extent of, of, of, of. And I say the nigga winning because it's still niggas in the hood that's brought up. It's still niggas in the hood and they don't look at it like that. They look at it like we got representation of us and we love that type of shit. But everybody frowns on it. It says too old to be done. My big homie pluck 60, that's my low right now.


If I hit him up he gonna be like what up? 'cause if I hit Icet right now, 'cause was born in 58, he gonna be like what up G. 'cause I love that like See that's just them being who they are G that's, you know what I'm saying bro, you just trying to just paint this Picture. No, I'm telling you I think you have this negative perception like an outsider even though you saw it up close and personal. So I think that's the disingenuous part. Like we was talking about, Lemme say something, we Were talking about it earlier today where you was talking about how Fian and brought you in. They made sure you ate, they made sure you made some money. They looked out for you, they showed you genuine interest. I'm sure it come with some other shit but it comes with love, right? Because that's just how we been.


But if You, no, this dude was really just genuine people. No, that's what most homies is. Most homies is like that. There are situations that break down and you get the worst of some people who've been through a lot and that's just what comes with being from a poor community. Period. People been traumatized people, friends been shot, people mom died, people mom on drugs. A lot of mental things is happening to people tally and then that becomes a representation of what people think gang banging is. But no, that person's just a fracture person. I got homies. My homies right now is grown and all adults, them niggas take care of they family. They take care of they grandkids, they do all of the same thing. Any man do no different than eight go to they kids football games.


They do all the same shit. And if you play with them they'll hurt you. That's still gang banging at that age. They still representing the community. To me that's Just me. That's just being a man. That's all gang banging is still, I've seen some, see I think me and you, you know what I'm talking about. You know what I'm saying? Right. The thing is gee that's man stuff to me. If you mess with some stuff gang banging, I'm gonna do something to you. Yeah, but you gonna do it within the laws ramification. No, when I get on your ass I'm really gonna get on your head. It ain't gonna matter. Ain't the laws ain't gonna matter at that point It's gonna matter. 'cause that's the only thing that makes you not a gangbanger.


That's the only thing that makes the everyday civilian not a gangbanger. The law becomes the ultimate standard of how they gonna live they life. People like that come from all walk of life. They're not, the law is not the ultimate judge of how they gonna live they life. They're not just Rocking the law. Didn't, we didn't think about shit. We didn't think about nigga. I know if I get caught in the alley selling rocks that whatever nigga I'm going to jail. You feel me? I know if I jump in the car and we go do this busing and nigga I, I'm going to jail. Like there was no like hmm should I do this because I could get time And I could, nigga we going to mount up, we gonna mount up.


There's no thinking And and an average citizen like you, you going to be like yeah I'm gonna jump in the car with y'all but then while we rolling I'm gonna be Let out though My niggas but you know I'm Not doing it this way Because you in my neighborhood and we doing that. Oh you about to claim the hood. You gonna be from the hood or it's gonna probably be some conflict when you say no because now niggas is looking at you like you the homie making money over here taking out with us, you serving with us, you eating with us.


Niggas come through and bust. Nigga you pulling out the deuce deuce and busting back why you ain't from the hood? And then when you start going, nah, now I'm gonna start thinking something is the problem. You just taking advantage of us. You might garner a few enemies in the hood now because of that. Because Now you're just taking advantage of us Man. You know what though? I'm gonna tell you the honest to God truth G fine be told you the day the farm B got locked up was the day he was playing. He told me, he said we was gonna put you on, you was gonna be from Long Beach Insane. We was gonna beat your ass. You was gonna show up. We was gonna jump your ass. We was gonna jump your big ass and rush you. You've been from the hood because everybody said this dude is always with us.


How come he ain't from the Hood? Yeah, Yeah. Back then man, back then loyalty was everything. Like nigga you ain't coming over here drinking up the 40 smoke making a couple of dollars off the corner and you ain't trying to be from Insane nigga you America. Do you mean America? America the same way a when it comes to a draft they like what you ain't trying to fight you, you benefit off this country. Exactly punk. That's why they draft. Oh you finna go no ifs. If you joining up right now, boy you Going to jail. Yeah which one you wanna do? You would go to jail or you gonna drive. You gonna join up. Put that green rag in your back pocket in this motherfuck if six time Be me all the time.


He say if I wouldn't have went to jail and knee would be from insane. I'm telling you he dead serious. He said we was gonna weak your ass because All them niggas taking care. Listen, I keep telling you, being a gang member is not the the the dumb ass thing that people think it's really just everybody you knew growing up. For the most part these all the same people y'all committing crimes together don't always be about crimes. Most of the days in the hood it's like Friday you just chilling and you joking with niggas. You trying to make some money, somebody lying about something. You call a nigga out online you may fight. You know what Emini here it ain't the way everybody think it's a really a comradery. I'm not trying to sell it to people that 'cause if you ain't grew up where we from, I really think you shouldn't even be able to be from the hood.


Man, I almost lost my football stuff. Gba kind at man. I started hanging out with them dudes so much man doing what I was doing that I stopped going to class. I, I would go to practice but I might staying out there all day and catch the bus to practice and ride back with one homies and go back because it was fun though. We did stuff. I made money man. I had some influence. I had I I it was, it was good dog. It was fun. I could see how a young dude is attracted to that But, but you not really supposed to. It's not really like, I don't know how somebody gets put on a gang that didn't grow up with the people. Like how do you even motivate yourself to go shoot for a bunch of strangers?


You might as well join the army or the Marines at that point. At least they gonna pay you. Yeah that's homies. My homies is different. You know what Emini here, I knew 'em my whole life. The young ones I raised them. The older homies raised me even before I wasn't doing nothing when I was going to school. I was see them every day. Feel me? The people my age, we would play as kids. So that is the motivation when something go wrong to go stand up for them, it ain't got nothing to do with that sign at the corner. That's just what we call each other. That sign don't mean nothing. The blood running through my homeboy body means something. The sign don't mean nothing. The sign means us. That's all it means. And we gonna be that way even when we somewhere else.


It don't have nothing to do with that. So I think a lot of the perception of gang banging is rooted in ignorance. People don't know So they think it's something more than just really some people from this area coming up together trying to make something of theyself. So when you saying to me somebody at 65 gang bang and I'm looking like what do you mean what are they doing? Are they out there selling dope? Do you think I see something wrong with somebody 65 selling dope? How else they gonna make they money? What, what are they doing? What else could they be doing? Are they out there? Did somebody do something to they to they to they little homie and they busting at 65 you a cold nigga if you 65 hopping in the car to go get somebody, I'm not playing with him. That nigga serious and this for sure gotta be his 30th time doing this 'cause you don't just pick up the heart at 65 to do this.


That means you didn't got away with this a lot of times or you just got outta jail for doing this. Either way I'm not playing with that man at 65 that's gonna hop in a car still. So when you ask, you Know what I just thought about you Too old to push a line. You know what I just thought about right? Yeah. The Italian mafia right. Them dudes don't usually get made until they in, they either they thirties or they they older. Right. And they move on up. Most of the bosses of mafia is who older people. Right. Do you think it's a double standard when it come to that? Yeah I think you being I think yes you are. I think yes y'all are racist and prejudice when it come to black people and how we grew up together as poor people.


But y'all watch the movies with them old white men and y'all look up to that y'all are they cool because they wearing suits Man fuck them suits. Exactly. Them motherfuckers murder them Motherfuckers murder everybody. Them motherfuckers man gang banger can't compete with no mafia. The mafia people will put a hit over your ass on everything. They will and they not. They not like gang you might somebody Be a hundred motherfuckers eating Ling Green in the restaurant. No tell a soul like the nigga just laying there dead at the table. Just got smoke, Can't find you. They buried you somewhere for nothing. Weed Shit And niggas don't say nothing. So our our reputation of gang banging is always frowned upon I think just because it's a black thing.


I don't know. You know white People Sammy, Sammy Gravano We do is a people is frowned upon gang banging. Sammy Paul Gravano murder, Niggas playing sports and they get to dancing in the end zone. It's frowned upon and oh man why they doing that? Oh why you can't, they just frowned upon Kendrick at the, at the Super Bowl performance. You get me But you know, fuck it. We we take it on and keep it pushing 'cause we know who we are as a people. That's all. What was you gonna say about Sammy G Sammy done murdered over 20 something. People p be doing people podcasts right now. He done told on people murdered all them people and he be sitting on podcasts and everybody looking up to him.


But you see a Crip, he done probably shot two three niggas. You like oh this nigga done scum of the earth Or he just, or he just or he a snitch. Yeah nigga it's the biggest snitch or rat or whatever they wanna call history. He live comfortably every day don't he? He ain't worried about a motherfucker Look on his YouTube information. It is a salvato. Sammy the boy Gravano, he got 600 to 25,000 followers. 127 million views. He done killed all these people for no reason. Some of these people done die for just because some simple shit they didn't want to turn over money for they business and he knocked they motherfucking head off and they done buried they body. They family still ain't found them. He on motherfucking YouTube with a million subscribers and you niggas wanna talk to me about old gang banger.


He on there. That man every bit of seven nine on there talking about who he murdered back motherfucker 19 60, 70. You wanna talk to me about Game bang? Talk about that. I wish old gang banger would I imagine took you had a channel, he wouldn't have a million followers. You nigga be like yo motherfucker gang member. You see what they did to Tookie? They killed Tookie over allegedly robbing a man at seven 11 and robbing somebody and shooting them at a hotel. Allegedly this motherfucker that's two people, he got the death penalty, they put that motherfucker under needle, he changed his life, wrote books, all kind of shit. They killed that motherfucker still Sammy the bull set up, they figured out he set up 20 murders so you know it's way more than that 'cause they didn't figure 'em all out.


This motherfucker then went got outta jail after murdering all them people right after murdering all them people got outta jail, start selling dope in Arizona, went back to jail, got out and started a fucking YouTube channel when you interviewed him. But you wanna sit here and ridicule me about is it 12 for as a gang bang this motherfucker motherfucker would've told on everybody he talking to a million subscribers about what he did in 1972. All niggas is hypocrites But we ffr we upon our own type. You get me. That's that's it's always that you know, you'll see people like, oh why this nigga still doing?


Oh you too old and you done did this. A nigga still representing me Charlemagne to God here. And I want you to know from Curtis 50 cent Jackson and the executive producers of Power, the hit Star's original series Raising Canaan is coming back the new season of the Family Crime drama continues the origin story of fan favorite Canaan Stark originally played by 50 cent in the flagship series Power. As he delves further into his evolution from a devoted son into the ruthless villain that fans have known and loved from the jump. This is a transformative season for Canaan that you won't wanna miss the new season of Raising Canaan Premieres March 7th only on Stars in the Stars app. I'm Hunter host of Hunting for answers on the Black Effect podcast network. Join me every weekday as I share bite-sized stories of missing and murdered black women and girls in America.


There are several ways we can all do better at protecting black women. My contribution is shining a light on our missing sisters and amplifying their disregarded stories, stories, stories like Tamika Anderson as she drove toward Galvez. She was in contact with several people talking on the phone as she made her way to what should have been a routine transaction. But Tamika never bought the car and she never returned home that day. One podcast, one mission, save our girls, join the search as we explore the chilling cases of missing and murdered black women and girls.


Listen to hunting for answers every weekday on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. Yeah man, first of all, the whole getting old thing man. Somebody told me the other day, man you getting old. I said man this ain't like you. You say that like you hurt my feelings or something. This is my strength, this is my bags of honor. You know how much stuff I don been through. You know how much stuff you don't been through. See how much stuff eight done been through. Yeah it's like we done been through some stuff man. We don't, we done been through some, some circumstances to get these grades in our bes, you know?


Yeah. So I'm proud of it man. I ain't nobody ever tell me it's nothing about being old. This my strength. That's why I won't real real, that's why I won't let you convict me on this cripping. Like I'm out here being a great representation. I look at people like Dogg and them, them people being great representation of what we could become and still be proud of everything we been through. I look at eight, all the older homies and people that that that walked the path that I walked and then made it in the music industry. It changed they life and shit And hell no I don't think they too old to be where they from. I'm proud that MC eight is still MC eight. That mean The World to me that he ain't woke up one day was like, you know what, I'm too old. I'm just Aaron. No that nigga ate right now.


That nigga message his phone say big Ocho, when you see that, that's Big eight. I love when I look at something And I see Snoop Dogg or ice tea, why should we be ashamed of of our street cultural experiences? Feel me? If you a righteous man, I don't gonna fuck with you. The law ain't the ultimate judge in this life. Sign me the bull got a million subscribers damn near on fucking YouTube from talking about telling on these people and killing all these people And you want me to look at some older black man that's, you know surviving the best way he can and be looking at him like man you too old to be doing that. Fuck all that. Them old white men. How old was Pauly when they killed Pauly? Pauly on the, on the good fellas?


No big Pauly. Oh you talking about Sopranos? No, no Big Pauly The real big party that got killed that when John got real took power. When John got, he took power. Hold on Big Pauly Col, Castellano Big Paul died. That man was 70. The one that got killed out in front of Spark Steakhouse in the Lincoln back in the eighties. He was How old was he? 70. 70. How old was the people that knocked? Probably some other old men knocked him down Maybe. Shit, let them tell that they say Gotti set it up based off the movies but they knock he old.


He gonna move out the way they knew that man wasn't playing with them. They knew if they done take that man head off and try to take his job, that man would've had all them people killing they family killed. Yeah, for real, for real. So when y'all asking me, when y'all asking me is there two age? First off if you 60 you hit somebody 25 upside they head, they probably gonna whoop your fucking ass. So you ain't finna be out there slapping nobody upside their head. Part two, if you 65 and you walk around this motherfucker in a rag, you ain't finna get away from nobody shooting at you. So you wanna die anyway. You a baby or a fool. Either way. Lord knows if you 66 and you hop in the car to go put in work, I don't wanna say nothing bad about you period. 'cause obviously you a professional if you 66 jumping in the car to go shoot at some niggas still you gotta be the real deal.


Yeah man shout out to all the, you ain't Your first rodeo. Shout out to all the OG riders. Shout out to all the OG riders and them Talking about some Do I recommend it nigga? I'm not finna say nothing to that old nigga. That nigga still killing niggas at 66. Man. I'll be the last nigga to talk about him here man. I'm gonna tell you this Marv is 70 something he ain't nothing to play with. I would tell people do not play with that man. Man, that man is before po ruin bro. When gang banging started he was already in prison. You not listening to what I'm saying. That means what he is don't got nothing to do with pa. He was that way and this just fit his way of life. He was already who he was. That's who, that's how all of this stuff worked.


This stuff really just make you more of a man. It don't mean the law is supreme. So you going, if you a raggedy man coming into it, you gonna be even more raggedy. If you a righteous nigga, you gonna have power to enforce righteousness. But the law is just not the ultimate morality. That's it. The law don't matter. The law is not the judge. So you start to take away like, like somebody like OG Fbe feel me? Like he not finna go to jail for selling no dope no more now. Shit, I don't know. Now if quarter pieces, if Rocks was backing stabbed and everybody starts smoking crack shit, he might open up a spot 'cause he gonna eat. You know what I'm saying? But what I'm saying to you is he gonna do what it take to survive 'cause that's what this thing is all about.


And he ain't finna let nobody play with his name right now at his age. Same with Tracy Davis. Tracy ain't finna let nobody play with his fucking name. You ain't finna be playing nigga he ain't, he might ain't finna come look for you like he used to, but when he see you bro, you got a problem. That's the type of line I'm fucking with. My older, he's gonna For sure be a cracking My older homie. Moon, my older homie Shady, my older homie pluck all my older homies that send they six. Them niggas ain't playing. Niggas are blow your fucking head off. You playing with them man. Don't play with them people. And I believe in that. That's for real. Well man, eight, having technical difficulties man. We about to check outta here. Glasses. I thank you man for coming and kicking it with your people man. And always taking up for your Cripping man and your G.


Here you go. That's, that's it, man. On that note, man, we out here. Shout to all the Crips out there. Shout to all the bloods, all the pi rules, everybody like bang, bang. Alright, we going all, all the people, all the human beings out there and we out. Well that concludes another episode of the Gangster Chronicles podcast. Be sure to download the iHeart app and subscribe to the Gangster Chronicles podcast for Apple users. Find a purple mic in the front of your screen, subscribe to the show, leave a Common and rating executive producers for the Gangster Chronicles podcast are Norman Steele, Aaron MCA Tyler, our visual media directors, brown, white, and our audio editors, Taylor Hayes. The Gangster Chronicles is the production of iHeart Media Network and the Black Effect Podcast Network.


For more podcasts from iHeartRadio, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, wherever you listen to your podcast Piece of the planet, Charlemagne tha Godhead.


And I want you to know from Curtis 50 cent Jackson and the executive producers of Power comes the explosive new season of the Stars original series Raising Canan. In the riveting fourth season, slates have seemingly been wiped clean for Canaan Rock and the rest of the Thomas family. However, in the Eye of the Storm one very dangerous obstacle, looms large, unique is alive, unique makes a volatile and violent return as he hunts to upend the lives of the Thomas family. Don't miss the season from Mayor Raising Canaan, March 7th, only on Stars in the Stars app.


I'm Hunter host of Hunting for Answers on the Black Effect podcast network. Join me every weekday as I share bite-sized stories of missing and murdered black women and girls in America. Stories like Erica Hunt, A young mother vanished without a trace after a family gathering on 4th of July weekend, 2016. No goodbyes. No clues. Just gone. Listen to Hunting for Answers every weekday on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes lower from Blumhouse tv, iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst to see unravels the mystery of his vanish boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously, listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.