
Piece of the planet. I go by the name of Charlemagne tha God. And guess what? I can't wait to see y'all at the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival. That's right. We're coming back to Atlanta, Georgia, Saturday, April 26th at Pullman Yards. And it's hosted by none other than Decisions. Decisions, man, DB and weezy. Okay, we got the r and B Money podcast with Tank and j Valentine. We got the Woman of all podcast with Sarah Jake Roberts, the Funky Friday podcast with Cam Newton, the Naked Sports Podcast with Carrie Champion, good Moms Bad Choices podcast, the Trap Nerd podcast, and many more will be on that stage live. And of course, it's bigger than podcasts. We're bringing the black effect marketplace with black owned businesses, plus the food truck court to keep you fed while you visit us. All right, listen, you don't want to miss this. Tap in and grab your tickets now at black effect.com/podcast Festival.


Let's get, let's get, I'm a home girl that knows a little bit about everything and everybody Exclusive. You know, if you gonna lie about that, right? Lauren Came in hot. Okay. Ma, you gotta clap it up. That's right. Clap it up. Clap it up with the energy going in here. What's up y'all? It's Lauren la This is the latest with Lauren la Now, this is your daily dig, your daily dish on everything, in all conversations. Pop culture and just, you know, those conversations that shake the room. Now I wanna, first of all, thank you guys for coming right on back here with me. Y'all know I'm the home grad that knows a little bit about everything and everybody, and today in the room I got the OG who knows a little bit about everything and everybody, my mom really is like complete opposite of me though.


She mind her business. I don't, but my mom is here. Hey mom. Hey baby. Yes, right? My mom Lois is here. My family was in town because we did like a media kind of like meet and greet type of situation for the podcast and the episode previous to this one. If you have not listened to that, please go and listen to it. It's a live conversation with me and Charlemagne just about, you know, like where everything started from for me, where, you know I'm at now and where I'm going and where I'm headed. That's right. So my family was in town for that. So my mom is still here and she and she came to film the podcast with me. Today we are going to go and see Alicia Keys play on Broadway later today as well.


So I'll let you guys know how that goes. They just celebrated one year on Broadway, so I know that that's gonna be amazing. Redy. Yep. Alicia Keys. I, I don't know if she like, you know, she's there all the time, but I know Tink is involved so the singing is gonna be singing. Okay. You ready ma? You excited? Yes. Yes. She's okay. She's excited. So the, the way that we do it here, mom, when we start off the podcast is we do a check-in. So this is a, a grinding, you know, behind the scenes of the grind check-in where we just ask how are you feeling Back on the ground? Good. Good. I'm feeling great. That was a good opening last night. Really? Was really ex therapi therapeutic for me.


Oh, to hear me talk about everything. Yes. How do you feel when you, like, when you're sitting in, in the audience and like you're hearing me talk about things that like, you know, Emini here, you're my mom, but also too, you lived them a real life with me. That's right. That's what I was about to say. It's, it's, it just is the real life And I appreciate you keeping, keeping it real girl. Yeah. Keep it real. That's the way to do it. I congratulate you on that. And now let's get real about everything. About everything she said. We ready to get on into some topics. Well, so the way that we, we normally do it, mom, you know, 'cause I know this is your first time here is after we do the checkin, then we go into the topics.


But before we do the topics, I always gotta check in on Patrick. I'm feeling energized after that event last night. It was Energized. Did you sleeping? I didn't get Sleep, but it's fine. 'cause we was here grinding. We was, we came back to the studio to dump the footage, get the audio up for the next morning. We had That ready. Y'all did that last night after the event. Yeah, me and Tyler pulled up to the studio right here, got the audio up and made sure that I was ready for the next morning. That was like, wow, Full show. Thank you for that. 'cause I was like, today Breakfast Club is on hiatus this week I was tired. I've slept all day. I still don't fully feel all the way like lying awake, but I'm here. I also have a fresh face of makeup because it's glowing. But I left my makeup at The Breakfast Club studio And I was like, I'll come back and get it.


Chi went out, had a couple drinks, shout out to Sink Lounge here in New York City. Forgot all about it. So here we are, fresh face, you know, giving beautiful skin, beautiful glow, glow by God. Okay? Yes, yes, yes. I know that's right, mom. Yes. Yes. She like, I did that. So yeah, let's get on into the latest. This is the latest update that we have in Sean Combs. AKA Diddy, AKA Puff Daddy's situation. You know, you girl love to take y'all to court. Love to take y'all to court. So as you guys know, Diddy has been preparing to go to court. There's been, you know, different conversations about what the jury will look like.


You know, how they will vet the jury discovery and evidence across the board from prosecutors to defense and what evidence will be used, what can be submitted. Remember they were arguing about that, that Cassie video and if it could be submitted 'cause it wasn't the original, then they found the original. So all of that has been going on. My source, who, who's in the know of all of this, says that is one of, you know, Puff's team's big conversation points right now is that they don't know the other evidence. But before we get there, let's talk a little bit about the fact that it was announced today that Diddy is looking at and trying to get Brian Steele to be his attorney, to join his legal team.


If you've been following the Young Thug or were following the Young Thug case, which was one of the longest standing cases in Georgia State history, you know, that Brian Steele did not play about Thug to the point where he was willing to go to jail with thug so that he could be prepared for court the next day. This is a big, big, big, yeah. Like this is a big deal. Like if, if Diddy is able to make this happen, it's a huge deal for multiple reasons. One of the major reasons, you know, from what I'm told by a source who is very familiar with, you know, Diddy's team and how things are moving for them, is that Diddy's team thinks of Brian Steele as a dynamic lawyer. And I think, like I said, I, we all do.


But to have other attorneys, you know, quote him in this way, that means that they know how much of an asset he will be to the case and what, you know, their strategy right now that they're planning will be. And at this time, you know, we, we've talked about so many different attorneys when it comes to Puff, you saw a guy named Mark Agne Filio who was featured in that TMZ doctor that did about Diddy. There's been a, a multiple different attorneys. Puff is being advised by a bunch of different people right now from what I'm told. But they do want a, a like a powerhouse attorney to kind of seal the deal and bring the jail together. So not jail, like the jail where, so where Puff happens to be sitting, but Emini here, like kind of mesh the team make things, you know, co co coincide amongst everybody.


Now, if a judge admits Brian Steele, that means it's a go from what we are told Brian Steele is down for it. You know, they've had the conversations. It's just all about if a judge is gonna say yes, you can come here and practice besides, you know, some of these local attorneys. Now what I found out in researching this and in talking to my source was that Brian Steele, I'd always thought that he was from Georgia, he's actually from New York. He studied at Fordham University School of Law, which is a game changer in my opinion as well. So you have him as his dynamic attorney. He actually prides himself on working through cases with extremely high stakes. Like that is one of his like top tier things. And we again, we saw that with Young Thug.


Young Thug. Young Thug was facing up to 40 years behind bars when he decided, when Thug decided not to take that plea deal. I remember getting on the radio and being like, I don't know, I would've took it you facing all of this time. I probably would've took that. But they were so confident in what they had the evidence, the evidence that they had. Exactly. Now another thing that I think is like, you know, a big deal is like the fact that it is from New York is important because a lot of, you know, the laws that the accusers have leaned in on to be able to bring these accusations. No ma, despite the timeline and like how long ago these accusations occurred for some of the victims there, they're local laws that are making it where, you know, there's no stipulation on when you can and cannot come forward, which have made the filing of these things even possible.


So to have a lawyer that is from New York that will understand those specific laws to New York a lot better than any other attorney from anywhere else that could come in and ask for an admission, right? He's coming back home. And then you have an attorney who has already proven and showed us because of the young thug situation that he's really good at finding these gray areas and leaning in on them. And, and one thing that I like with attorney And I like to watch when it comes to attorneys is that I feel like an attorney's job is to find a loophole and use that loophole or those loopholes to create the conversation and to change the narrative in the conversation around their client. Then persuading a jury, make it work then to make it work and then getting, you know, the, the verdict that they want.


If I'm a prosecutor's office and I've brung this huge case against this big name celebrity, I would come out the back swinging with the evidence period because I wanna nail it, right? So whether what they have evidence wise is strong or not, I think that right there gives you almost like a strategy point of here's what I can lean in on because court of public opinion is a real thing. Yes. I don't think that Diddy's trial at all cannot be influenced by what's happening outside the courtroom. It's just not possible. He's way too famous. Cassie now, and her allegations became way too big of a story. This whole thing has become a circus and a mockery. There is no way, right? So you need a judge like a Brian Steele who has shown us, again because of the Young Thug trial, he outside, he know what's going on.


So now getting to the evidence, so Vlad DJ Vlad tweeted a tweet that I thought was pretty interesting. He said, Diddy is going to trial in four weeks. I spoke to a lawyer close to the case. He said, the case is winnable, but Diddy's eagerness to quickly go to court is going to significantly, significantly hurt Diddy's chances of winning. He should have pushed her trial to next year to give his defense time to make their case. Now here's my thing. I understand what he's saying because let me tell you guys what's happening right now. There have been a few superseding indictments, but when you supersede it, that means you add or create a new one that then attaches to your original claims. So it's basically like new claims, more charges, right?


That has now happened three times with Diddy. Diddy's team has filed and has said multiple times, they're not showing us anything. We can't prepare a trial. We can't prepare to go to a case, we can't prepare to go to a court and, and, and stand up against something that we haven't even seen legally. We're entitled to see this. If I'm Puff's team, where if I'm Diddy, I wanna wait too because I want my team to see everything, every nook, cranny, crack, ounce, whatever it is. What I want them to see every empty Show the evidence them to decide to show the evidence discovery comes in, right? When you make an allegation against someone Discovery, you have time for discovery, Damon.


Yes, yes. But, But it's supposed but that's the time Trying to get there. You won't let Me, okay, come on now. I'm trying, you won't let me. Alright, so where, where I was going with this is, is that Diddy's team has requested that multiple times. And the, and the person that I spoke to that is, is close to this situation, told me, look, that tweet that Vlad tweeted makes a lot of sense. But if you're puff, you're, you're acting like my mom, ya anxious, you won't even let me get the words out because if somebody doesn't have something you like, yo, why would we raid around until they find it? Or he, because he's standing on his innocence in a lot of this. That's right. I'm innocent, so there ain't gonna be nothing. So let's run it up. Let's do this.


Right? But as an attorney, as an attorney, you gotta cover all your bases because what you don't want to happen is you Evidence You don't wanna get in court and get to a point where you don't have any more time to sit with what is discovered with that evidence. And now you gotta try and fight that in real time. You don't want that to happen. Now here's another thing though. We Are also ready like tomorrow to see the evidence since they've asked for the discovery. So you obviously think Diddy is innocent Mom. I honestly think that we should stay with the evidence.


He don't go around making allegations from the court and don't present evidence. But you know, who knows? We in a new day and time that everybody wants to be a star on Puffy's back, even me. Hello? Puffy back. A little slippery. Now Babyo up. Is babyo up now, mom? I don't know. Yeah, but they don't they willing to make that slide. Girl, they ready to make that slide. Well, I, I did wanna get to this final point. So what I'm told is that this Friday, April 18th, 2025, the judge and Diddy's case is going to be making a very important decision.


Decision. My source tells me that, that the judge will be having a conversation and making decisions on how things will move forward based on the fact that now Puff's team is claiming that the prosecution violated the deadline to show discovery. And if that, if that happens, then Puff's team will then be granted a two month, almost like a stay where they now have these two months to take more time to get their things together and to try and go through this whole discovery phase again. Because again, they're telling Puff and they're telling everybody, we wanna cover all bases, baby. We don't need no surprises. None whatsoever. None not near surprise. In other words, let this not be a case of hearsay.


A hundred percent. A hundred percent. So next up in the latest Marvin Sapp, this is gonna be real quick because I just wanted to bring this back because we talked about Marvin SAP in the opening couple days of the podcast. And I told y'all that I thought it was ridiculous that this, that instead of Marvin SAP just apologizing and saying, yo, I know I was wrong for telling them to lock the doors, doors until the church raised $40,000. He decided to be like, you know what, that happens all the time. And now I'm receiving debt. Like I, I still feel like he took the accountability that that was needed. So Marvin SAP posted today something that I want you guys to take a listen to. He is now releasing a song inspired by his close, the door viral $40,000 moment.


Let's take a listen. Close the doors, Someone close the doors, Close the doors. I said close them doors. And when he posts this song, the caption says, the last few weeks have been tough, misunderstood, misrepresented and misinterpreted and even maligned. But I've learned that when life hands you lemons, you don't just make lemonade, you build the lemonade company. And that's exactly what I've done. Close the door isn't just a song, it's a soundtrack for survival. I'm releasing it this good Friday, not good Friday on the, on the, the Lord's weekend, not Easter weekend, the day we honor the crucifixion of Jesus Christ.


Amen. Just like he closed the door on death hell and the grave, I'm closing the door on the noise, the pain and everything that tried to break me. This song will bless you, you can close. I believe that believe that was everything in me. My assignment in this season is through this song to help you close the door too. This will be available on all streaming platforms. This good Friday, this is bs. Well, that wasn't a, that wasn't going, that's not gonna be a good Friday for him. Not At all, because this is BS for you to okay? People were upset. People felt a way because they don't want church and, and money and business and corporate to intertwine.


We all know that it does because a church is a business. A church got bills, they need money to raise their bills and they do all these, but people want to feel like when they come to church, it's of God, it's a gift. It's a gift. Yes, it's a gift. It's religion. It's a good feeling. It's the hug you need, it's the inspiration. It's the putting the pieces back to a broken feeling. Day, week, month, year, situation, whatever. We don't wanna feel like you trying to flip us for a re-up. And that's what this song feels like. And I know that Marvin SAP is a gospel superstar. So it's all about the business at some point, you know what Emini here for him, but as a man of God and as it Didn't have to be though, because he is great.


I love him. I love his songs. It, it's gives me great inspiration. That's enough. Marvin, you didn't need that extra step. He went too far. This one ain't it? This, this is a misstep. And I hope that, you know, in your, your, your, your worshiping And I know, you know, Easter, Easter Sunday is a very holy, stable still time. I hope that that time allows for you to sit down and, and just see why this is a part of the problem, especially in a black church. You should have had patience, Marvin. But this is a part of the problem. People feel like church is a gimmick. People feel like the pastors and spiritual leaders are caricatures and that they're a gimmick and that they're always on, on bs.


And this don't help. You gotta get it the right way. Yes. That's how we close it. And And people can do that. You have an idea. All you gotta do is sign it up. A hundred percent, yes. Get it the right way. Period Marvin, get Get It Together and get it the right way. Now we are, you know, bringing and coming down to the end of the show. And y'all know, before we get outta here, we always get outside in the streets before the streets. We outside. We outside, we outside, outside in the tweet every other page. Our goal, you know, we love outside, outside in the streets, outside in the tweets. So today on Twitter, I was having a conversation and I'm like, yo, y'all been in my comments, like with so much great constructive criticism and, and words of encouragement and just, you know, great feedback from the show, telling me what y'all love.


And we just, you know what Emini here, there's some real conversations going on and I'm like, I feel like this is such a community already. We had the event yesterday And I felt such a sense of community. And I think that's what we've been talking about a lot today as well is like, and being a part of CA part of community and a part of society. Yes, getting it the right way and doing things the right way. And when you do that, people feel it. I was so inspired yesterday, It was explosive. Your gathering yesterday to welcome you in this new typo podcast. Podcast. Ty Pod is crazy. Not on washing clothes, But yes, like, just, just really big sense of community has been, you know, the thing, I feel like that's kind of what we've been talking about today with all of these topics as well too.


But I asked Twitter, what is it that I can call you guys? Like I said, I'm trying to figure out a name for my podcast audience. Does anybody have any suggestions? 50 people replied. Y'all had a lot of replies. So one person said the Lauren, the Rosa and her Hive, or the listeners, someone said the La Rosas. Another person said Lauren listeners or Lauren Larose's listeners. The one that I really love is somebody said somebody called you guys the Lowriders. I thought that was fire because I I I think it's fire Too. I like the Lowriders because, because The news you give take t on a ride. I didn't even think about it like that.


Oh Yeah, it takes you on news. A ride the news. I can takes me on a takes y'all on a ride. But also too, y'all be riding for me. Like y'all be coming out swinging for me and I'm not mad about that at all. And like, when y'all do, some of y'all, 'cause some of y'all just be shady and y'all be trying to be like, you know, like all the other menstrual MADDs or or menopause MADDs. But for the ones of y'all that be sending, you know, good like the, the real constructive stuff my way, I be feeling like, oh, Sending it the right way. Yeah. Like look at y'all holding me down, Talking about the Right way for real, the right way. Doing things the right way. So I really like the low riders, but go to my Twitter. I love it. Tweet me. Let me know what you guys are thinking, what you guys liked. Some people also said the mochas because of Brown girl grinding the brownies because of Brown girl grinding.


Shout out to my home girl. She has a a, a group called The Brownies already, so I wouldn't even do that. Oh, okay. Darius Love Hall. I'm gonna shout you out 'cause you want, you wanted the airtime. I'm gonna give it to you baby. He gonna say Laurens lace fronts. Oh no. But yes, let me know what y'all wanna be called right now. It's leaning toward the Lowriders. So we gonna figure that out by the end of this week and we, by Friday, I'm gonna be letting y'all know like, boom baby, this is what it is. That's who this called. That's what you going to be. This is what we, this is what we going to Be, period, mom, period. So we're gonna close out with that. Me and my mom actually gotta get to this Broadway show. So you know, as always, I appreciate you guys because at the end of the day, y'all could be anywhere with anybody talking about all of this stuff.


But y'all choose to be right here with me talking about it and you know, I appreciate that. I'm Lauren la I'm your home girl that knows a little bit about everything and everybody, thank y'all for tuning in. This is the latest with Lauren La I will see you in my next episode. Much love.