
Listen to me, this is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passion you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with Prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now


Here at Life Kit NPR Self-Help Podcast. We love the idea of helping you make meaningful lifestyle changes. Our policy is to never be too punishing on yourself or too grand in your goals, which is why we've got shows on how to make little nudges to your behavior and create habits that stick. Listen to the Life Kit podcast on iHeartRadio.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


$1.4 billion in NFL quarterback contracts. The untold stories behind the biggest deals in football history. I'm AJ Stevens, vice President of Client Strategy at Athletes First. Introducing the Athletes' First Family Podcast, the quarterback series. My cohost Brian Murphy. Athletes' first, CEO And I are sitting down with the agents who have negotiated contracts for Justin Herbert, Deshaun Watson, Dak Prescott, Tua Tonga, Viola and Jordan Love. Listen to Athletes First Family podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Once upon a time there was a good old traditional housewife. She cooked, she cleaned, cared for her children and the man of the house. And of course she didn't talk back. She was both obedient and soft by nature. She was a good woman who always made good choices. Come On, shut that shit off. We're Good Moms Bad Choices. Two single moms who said fuck the patriarchy, shared all their bad choices and found out they weren't so bad. After all, we're experts, overs, shares and your new besties. Sit back and enjoy the ride On my own. Turn back, gimme my flowers.


I it back 24. Welcome back to Good Moms Bad Choices. I'm Mila. And I'm Erica. And we're back. Motherfucker. It's the OGs of Uncensored Motherhood I can do on my own. Shout out to our new music. I don't know if you guys peep, but we've had the same music for over six years that we just had to randomly buy because we were using licensed music. But now we've leveled up and we got new music that's personalized to us with lyrics and artists and beats and shit.


So watch out. Good Moms is about to drop an album. Shout out to Renee and Tripp who are on the track and to Anthem Enterprise music who supported us with the production. Shout out to them. If you need any sort of podcast music. Really not just podcast music, any jingles, because they're not even jingles. They're like low key like amazing music producers. Yeah, so Emini here. I'm gonna start my music career, my lane life music career. Actually it's my reignited music career And I might have to hit them up for some hot beats. Our beat is pretty hot. I don't know if you guys peeped it, but maybe you need to rewind and hear it again. I can See it here. I'll, I'll do it for you. I can do bad. All my own On, I don't know if Renee is good there, but appreciate, oh, And you Can't hold me Back.


I can do fat on my own And you can't hold me back. Gimme my flowers. I can make it In in 24 hours. Champagne shower showers. When I heard that I was like, yeah, Yeah, I'm not a bad mom but a bad mom. We're gonna have to learn the rap. Yeah. You guys haven't heard the full song yet because we're Gonna upload it on Spotify. It's just podcasting and we can't put the whole thing. Even though we thought about it, we considered putting all three minutes, but we're gonna just upload it separately on Spotify. So keep Your eye out. We're some custom bitches. So we do custom shit. Everything we do is custom. There's nothing we do that's not custom. 'cause like you said, champagne shower is custom.


Bitches luxury. Okay, no half-assing over here, period. 20, 25 period. Anyway. Hi. Hi. Happy day. Happy Wednesday. Happy hump day. How are you feeling? I feel good. I, my titties are out for the YouTubers. My skin is clear. My hair, I put a color deposit in to just boost the red today. So we're boosted on my jewelry. You know what I was thinking, how do you guys feel about wearing jewelry from an ex, like, not from an ex, but like represents like an ex thing. Like do you throw away jewelry that like Someone gifted you, Like Yeah, sure.


If they gifted it to you or like you got it together. Like do you not wear the jewelry anymore? I wear, I'll continue to wear whatever I want. If it's still cute. I don't feel like If, if Orlando had like a ring that an ex gave him, would you be mad he was wearing it? Or like a necklace? Some earrings. Yeah. So I'll just hide it. Okay. Where is it? I don't know. Whatcha talking about that's, it was ugly. Anyway, I was thinking, I was just, I was just thinking about that 'cause I looked down And I have this ring on that I bought And I bought a matching one for me and my and my ex. And he lost his like the day, like I think the, the next day that he wore it, which was very representative, he was out in the streets.


He was in where he came From. He was in Portugal at the Afro beats probably hoeing and Horing. And he lost it in the sand. And then I was like, this is very symbolic, but I was like, I still have mine. And I was like, am I not supposed to wear this anymore? Because I like it. I don't think it works that way. He lost his fuck him. It's not even connected to him. Yours is connected to Portugal. 'cause we're supposed to go there next year for the festival. That's what I really like to do Anyway. I'm good. Good to have that random thought. 'cause I looked down at my hand And I was like, oh yeah. Oh Yeah. That person that I used to know was I not Supposed to, so I not supposed to wear this. I don't think it works that way. I'm doing good. I am really, really, really excited to be leaving soon.


Mm. To go to Costa Rica. It's, I feel like this February trip is always at a time where I really, really need to get there. But sometime between August and February I'm like, what the fuck has happened? And I need to reset and refill my jungle cup and eat real food and be on the beach and like be with my tribe with our titties out and eating fresh food. And so I'm really looking forward to this. I'm looking forward to like just jumping in and turning off unplugging from this bullshit and treating myself. And so if you guys are listening and you're like, oh, it's too late to go. It's not. Wait, wait. I didn't, I didn't put my deposit down 'cause I'm so stupid. I bought TI bought all these presents for all these other niggas that set myself.


I bought Titties instead of a trip. Titties are nice. That's a nice gift. I don That's what I thought you were gonna say because I don dunno about that. If you brought titties, you really need to come to the trip. But show them Honestly. You know, I, somebody a couple years ago had got some new titties And I saw them recently and they started, they dropped And I was like, those would look good girl. But anyway, I don't have new titties yet, but one of these trips I am gonna debut my new Titties. Maybe you should go from Costa Rica to Columbia. Oh. And get your titties done. I haven't heard a Lot or maybe go to Pan Panama. Do they have good plastic surgery in Panama? I don't Know, but probably they have everything in Panama. I need to do more research. I feel like every, They might even have good titties in Costa Rica. Maybe Emini here.


Everybody has a good titty doctor, but it'd probably be significantly less. But I feel like Columbia people go for those, those those teeth and that ass. And I'm not, I'm not gonna, I can't, I can't. Those teeth be big, Real big. You gotta go to Turkey. You don't Even gotta go to Columbia for the big teeth. Bitch. You can go here for the big teeth bitch. But Why would I pay all that money to get big teeth in America? I can Just Say they want big, it's a, it's an aesthetic. They know they want the Big teeth. My home girl shut out to my home girl that we called teeth. Shout out to Becky. She actually got big teeth on purpose. She said it's a sign of prestige. Ooh. Would you get new teeth? No. If you got a bag. No. Okay. If you won the lottery right now for $400 million, what's the first thing you're gonna do?


Invest. I'm gonna take like a 24 hour period and lock my door and just sit in it and just be like, what do I do next? What do I do next? What do I do Next? But you're, I thought you wanted me to tell me what I was gonna do with my fucking money. Not like I'm gonna go in meditation. I'm just asking what you were do. No, I'm gonna go buy some properties for sure. Yeah, I'm gonna go buy some land. I'm going to redo my whole wardrobe. Mm. I'm going to, I'm gonna buy, I'm gonna buy floor an apartment. I'm going to get an old school car because it's like my dream. I really want an old school car too. Yesterday we And I went on a talk Emini here And I went on a bike ride and we were drive, we were like on our bikes and this like old white man, like this beautiful like cherry red El Camino.


Is that what it's called? I'm so bad with the names of the old. I just know that I want one. I don't know which one I want. Doesn't matter. See it'll, Anyway, it was a red El Camino and he had his hair all slicked back and he had his cool glasses on And I just rode by And I was like, nice car man. He was like, yeah. And I was like, he'd been waiting for someone to tell him that all day. And I was like, bitch, I can't wait to get in my car and someone to tell me that I've been dying to do an old timey shoot in an old car. But it just hasn't happened yet. But it's, it's on our list in 2024. Emini here. 2025. Shit. I forgot that it's 2025 already. It sure is. Anyway.


Oh actually one more thing about the lottery. If you win the lottery, don't tell anyone and you have to don't sign the back of it. Actually claim it in a, in a, in a, in a business that you opened in a state where they can't tell you they can't, it's not public record who owns it? So don't say never tos or anything. S that baby daddy hides all his money. Interesting. Probably Going back. Oh, back to the retreat though. If you guys do wanna come to the retreat, we do have spots available. There's a link in this description. We do have a special code for the last minute bitches. 'cause I know you're our last minute, but Last minute. Bitches deserve luxury too. Yeah. Use code tribe for a substantial, substantial discount if you really, really wanna come and bring your bestie and maybe we'll even give you a better discount. Don't say good moms didn't give you anything for the holiday season. 'cause we're giving you the luxury of rest. It's up to you if you take it. You bitches wanna give everything to everybody else except yourself. But this is us telling you you are also worthy and important of rest. Amen.


Hmm. We have a segment on our show called Bad Choice of the Week. And last week I shared mine, which was a sex injury and you guys got a big kick outta that. And we actually have a submission for a Bad Choice of the Week this week straight from our Facebook group. This Bad Choice of the Week is so my Bad Choice of the Week is I've been entertaining my baby daddy, my current ex, I'm dating a different new guy but I let my baby daddy eat the groceries And I think I'm in love again. First of all, I just wanna say it for the record. You lying. You ain't a love bitch. No, you, you left him for a reason.


You didn't just let him eat the groceries. I, That Is just as, as an adult, it just doesn't exist. I've been there, I backtracked many times letting a nigga eat groceries and guess what? Every time happened his dick went in my vagina. I Dunno, I've had pussy Aiden left. It's very rare. I feel like the one time it happened I was literally like pushing the nigga out the door and like closing it after fast. No You 'cause you can't see when you, when you do that, you don't actually, she probably doesn't really like this nigga at all. So then You, she obviously does he, she thinks she's in love again and she, she has a new boyfriend. That's true. She's confused. I just know like when I didn't like a nigga, I had him eat my pussy and then I kicked him out. I didn't come, I didn't want his penis inside of me. I just, I Don't play those type of games. I learned early on, I, if you eat my pussy, you're gonna want this pussy.


I know how the pussy works And I know how my pussy works and so I'm just gonna do a hard No, but it's rather You want to give him the pussy. It's hard for me if I, if you start eating my pussy or my groceries, I'm likelihood of me going to the next level. 99.9% chance are high. Wait and are the groceries pussy or ass Ass? You don't know Jay, when am I know. I know, but you're saying put but we're talking about pussy. I'm just saying in general, you eat anything below the waist, we're going there. So Sh her baby daddy ate her ass. If she's in love again, that must be some top tier ass eating. I'm assuming he did the whole thing. Could You imagine Jesse ass ass? Actually I, well I went through that. What what do you mean?


Oh, oh my god, I forgot about that. Oh my god. We gotta tell him. So a couple of years ago, Erica was seeing a guy, seeing Is a strong, strong word. She was having sex a few times with this guy who she came to tell me. And she was like, so he told me that he has a condition with his penis. I was like, what kind of condition? She was like, he can only, he can't get head because it gets like the saliva, the saliva gets bacteria but he can get his ass ate. I said, Erica, that's a fucking lie. She said no, there's something with his. I said, but he, she could put his penis in your vagina but you can't put your mouth on it but you could put your mouth on his asshole.


She said Yeah and then we talked about in the podcast and Then, and then someone sent it to him, A girl, another girl he had been fucking with telling the same spiel. So look, it's so funny. This girl is dating someone who has the same condition and it was the same nigga and she too thought it was suspicious. Like I thought it was suspicious 'cause the nigga was lying. There is no condition like that. And for those who are wondering No I did not eat his ass. You didn't? No. What the fuck? So what'd You say? You just said you think I'm gonna go skip the dick and go to that? Well I Don know I just, Hell no, I Thought that meant that you just said Okay you just bitch took his word for it. No, absolutely the fuck not so, So you're so okay. I just won't look anything. Yeah, No we're not, I'm Not. I don know what I pictured like his You gotta start somewhere. We're not. I Like his, his his, he had his legs in the air and was like, so just go a little bit lower and you're like No, this conversation happened before we even started that process.


Like I think we were making out hooking up and then he said it and so Can you gimme an example like we're making out? And Then I like was like, Oh wait, wait, wait, wait. Yeah, hold, hold on I gotta tell you something. Wait, wait, wait. Yeah, saliva makes my my dick Breakout but not my asshole. Not my asshole. Just make sure you don't get no saliva in between the Gooch and the dick. Is that what he said? No, sure. Yes. That's what he said. Ladies, if you've heard about this condition, please call in. Yeah let us know. What is it called? I'm curious. Maybe you can Google it. He's gonna have to lead with a real actual scientific name in the future. I Bet Maybe he's figured it out now That he likes only his asshole played With.


Yeah, maybe he's like more vocal about just like being strong about that positioning. I Would rather nigga say I don't really enjoy head, but I do enjoy getting that assay because the medical condition I would've cracked up in his face. I would've been like what? I was trying to be kind Until you talked to him on the podcast and I'm pretty sure that was the last time he ever told bitches that ever. Who's kind on podcasts? Who's what? Who's kind on podcasts? Honestly That's true. Emini here we try. Really? I try to be nice in person. I'm a bitch on the podcast. No We're not bitches. We're nice ish. Well my dear, with your bad choice, I'm gonna tell you that it's just an overall bad choice. If you broke up with your baby daddy, it's likely that you don't want him anymore and you probably don't need to let him eat your groceries or your pussy or stick it in.


Listen, not even the tip. I know it's no fucks given January, but we gotta give fucks about this type of shit. We can't backslide in 2025. We got to move on. We have got to move on. She Submitted this I think still in 2024. So I'm gonna hope that she just left the grocery eating the baby daddy grocery eating back in 2024. Just teach your new nigga how to do it. I know. Yeah. 'cause ooh, Ugh, Sorry I just had a, I had a vision of Your baby daddy. Yeah, I was like, ugh, You know what? I'm so happy for growth and progress because right now it seems you probably seems like, oh I like him. He's so cute. He can eat my ass really well. But there'll be a time where you're like, you're gonna throw up in your mouth just from the fabric.


Remember we Were crying over them Erica, Remember we used to cry about them. Weird. Right? Such a strange time. It's such a weird concept, you Know, for those like really truly, if you're listening to this right now, you're going through like a breakup with your child's father or like maybe you guys are broken up but you're like still kind of in that weird in between like, I want my family back. I can't believe this, I can't believe it. I'll never get over it. Like you think that your story is like the only one. Like no bitch has ever gone through this shit ever in history. We have. And I promise you, I promise you, not Only will you get over it, it'll be so much better. You will get over your baby daddy. We are testaments that nigga will be removed from your not your heart or your mind.


You're always gonna be family, right? Maybe. I Don't know. I don maybe a far distant cousin. Well, well it depends. It depends. Once removed, it depends what the setup is. Yours is different than most and so is mine. Maybe not most, but I will say like you do you it time my mom always says this time is the greatest neutralizer it is true. Like I literally could not see a time where I could just be okay. Where I would get the news that he had another child And I would not give a fuck And fact I was on the blogs eating popcorn saying, ha ha, no way. That shit's crazy. Like never did I think I would be able to do that.


That's 'cause yours is a fucking, he is a like a, a serial serial child maker. He Likes to make children, you know? And, and thankfully like now I'm I'm, I'm very, it's not even that I'm numb to it, I've just like released it, let it go. I'm totally cool with that. And in fact, like I was telling one of our friends went through a similar situation. Boy did she, she went honestly like I, I like seeing our, I like seeing our friends go through breakups, but it's so interesting to see friends start where we were at where they'd be like so sad, can't get over it, can't get past it. Crying every day and then suddenly like something switches and then they're outside.


Yeah, outside. She outside now. But I was telling her, and you know, 'cause I was telling her this like a year ago and where she was like, could not see the time, could not see the day that it would happen. And I was telling her, bitch I bathed his baby. Like I recently, like, this was like two years ago. Oh, I don't remember this. Yeah. Like when I, I went over there with Irie and they both needed a bath and so I bathed them both And I just couldn't, like, it was actually very healing for me to like be able to Do that. Like wash your hands of the bullshit while washing the Baby. I washed my hands of the bullshit And I was like, this is not this child's fault. And I never thought that I would get to that point because I was, I felt like I, you know, the way that she was feeling and like, you know, like, which was like seeing red, like everyone has to go, like when you get territorial, you're territorial over what you've created and, and it's, and it's, it's expected and, and that's okay.


But you will get past it if you allow yourself to. You have to allow yourself to, you have to remove yourself from the situation. You have to stop trying, trying, Trying. You have to stop trying. You have to stop trying to pretend like you have to show this family structure to The World and to your child. Something has to change And the sooner you release it and the sooner you let it go and the sooner you tell yourself, I can do this and I'm okay, the quicker the process starts. I, I held myself back so long from fucking around just because I, I'm a slow loner And I really was just like connected to this idea and as soon as I really let that shit go, like shit started to move.


Like, like my heart healed so much faster. But sometimes I think as women we clinging so hard to the title and to the family and, and you know, honestly I used to think it's 'cause I'm a black woman and like as a black woman, you never wanna be a baby mama. You never wanna be like, you know, there's a, there's an idea that black families don't keep the family structure. And so there you're fighting for like, to prove something. Not not to prove like not to be with this stereotype, but our friend is not black and she was fighting pretty hard. So I think it's just like a motherly instinct to wanna keep the family unit together. But you can still be a family in your own unit and him and his own unit. So just like the sooner whoever is hearing this And I know someone out there is going through it right now, in the midst of the thick of it, your baby daddy is just, it's just not working.


Sometimes God makes shit so bad for you. You have to let it go, Let it be bad. And then those of you who are still in the relationship and you know, deep in your motherfucking gut that it's over. But you keep trying and you keep praying and you keep trying to reiki niggas and go to shamans and the church and baptisms and counseling and full moons And retreats, Everything you could possibly do. I'm telling you do one thing. You say the prayer, you say, dear God, if this is not meant for me, please make it so, so bad that it's so clear. I don't even have a choice but to walk away from this nigga.


And let me tell you, be careful before you say it out loud because it only takes about zero to seven days. Listen, that's the opposite of Sierra's prayer. Okay? And it works. You think Sierra's fucking prayer worked This prayer, This prayer, this God he be here, he be answering those prayers on the, on fucking bitch. And let tell you, it's, it's not just for niggas. 'cause we did this shit in our business literally. Oh, got it. We did the shit in our business and it happened the next day. I did not realize that we did do this in our business. We talked about this last week, literally. We said, if it's not meant to be remove it Literally the next morning, boop boop. I was like, okay, perfect. Well God said so. It's true. It's, it's just in general, like when you really ask whoever you believe in God, the universe, whatever, Buddha, when you ask spirit to remove something that really is not conducive to whatever your goal is or your purpose and you say please remove it baby.


You better believe it's gonna remove it. And, but you have to say the part, make it so clear that I can't ignore it if I tried. And then the other side of that is when you don't listen and then you continue on, just be prepared for shit to go even worse because you went against God, bitch, you Went against your own ask You, you went against God, you went against yourself and you know better, you know better. So one time that I got the shit slap outta me after I went against my own prayer literally. And I had to tell Erica I Got slapped in the face. I remember that long drive to go pick up those sweatsuits. Was that what it was? So We were going, I got in the car, she's like, are you okay? And I was like, no Emini here.


She slapped me in the face. Okay, it's not funny. I'm sorry I shouldn't be laughing at domestic violence. It was funny because my dumb ass bra asked for it And I stayed and that's what I got. God said, oh bitch, you wanna play? I'm a Ike bitch Emini here. I did the same shit. I did the same shit. So, And then she got a, there was a baby. So just, just know that when you do that prayer, it is going to come hard. It's gonna come clear. Yeah. Not wishing that on you, my dear Facebook friend. I'm just saying stop playing, stop playing, Stop playing with fire. 'cause you can fuck around and have another baby with that nigga


Here At Life Kit, NPR Self-Help podcast. We love the idea of helping you make meaningful lifestyle changes. Our policy is to never be too punishing on yourself or too grand in your goals. Which is why we've got shows on how to make little nudges to your behavior and create habits that stick. Listen to the Life Kit podcast on iHeartRadio.


What's up y'all? This is Questlove and I'm here to tell you about a new podcast I've been working on with the story Pirates and John Glickman called Historical Records. It's a family friendly podcast. Yeah, you heard that, right? A podcast for all ages. One you can listen to and enjoy with your kids. Starting on September 27th, I'm going to toss it over to the host of Historical Records, Emini to tell you all about it. Make sure you check it out. Hey y'all, Emini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records. Historical Records brings history to life through Hip Hop Smash Slam. Another one Gone. BA Bam, another one Gone. The Crack Gut A bat and Another one Gone. A Tip Bud. A cap is Another one. Gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the city bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing, check it and began With me. Did you know, did you know I wouldn't give up my seat nine months before? Rosa, Get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning in to Historical Records. Because in order to make history, you have to make some noise. Listen to Historical Records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, I'm Arturo Castro and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse and so many commercials about back pain. And now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians to tell 'em a buck wild tale from across history and time. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, Joseph Gordon Levitt and Soy, Chao Titanic, Charles Manson, Alcatraz Asada Shakur, a sketchy guy named Steve. It's giving funny, true crime. I love storytelling And I Love You so I can't wait. Listen And subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I started to live a double life when I was a teenager, responsible and driven and wild and out of control. My head is pounding, I'm confused. I don't know why I'm in jail. It's hard to understand what hope is when you're trapped in a cycle of addiction. Addiction took me to the darkest places. I had an AK 47 plan at my head, but one night a new door opened And I made it into the rooms of recovery. The path would have roadblocks and detours, stalls and relapses. But when I was feeling the most lost, I found hope with community And I made my way back this season, join me on my journey through addiction and recovery. A story told in 12 steps. Listen to Crims as part of the Michael Luda podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You Know, speaking of playing with fire and letting shit go, you know, we're in the year of 2025. There's a lot of changes happening right now, including this bitch ass inauguration. Oh lord Jesus. And I've been honest, I'm gonna be honest, I've been, I actively avoiding it mentally because it's the only way that I can keep sane. Because about six months ago I told Erica that we needed to be out of the country by the 25th. And she obviously ignored me because we, we basically, well we're gonna be outta the country like three days later, but our kids are not Good Moms. Bad Choices. Can somebody send the kids? I watch way too many movies about The World ending and about sound via apocalypses and bad things.


And so my anxiety can be at an all time high. So I have, I have to put on my blinders, but how are you dealing in this time? Disassociation. Same. You know, I, during the time I was, you know, when it all, when it all went down, I knew Kamala was not gonna win. You know, I know everyone was rallying for this black woman, but if a white woman couldn't win, I didn't have no faith in a black woman winning this election. So I was not surprised what I, I guess what I was surprised, I, I can't even say I'm surprised. I, I guess my anger was like reactivated for some of the people in my life.


Especially just knowing me, knowing us, knowing The World. Be taking, like I don know, taking care of our children at times, our friends just being in our, being in circle with us. It just made me really realize how much we are in such an individualistic society that, And I don't know how we go back to being in community in that way. People vote for their own interests. They don't vote for the greater good. And and this has been a true example of that. Also, me being Latina and watching my Latina and Latino people vote red every year, which I'm never shocked by everyone.


There were a lot of people like, can you believe the Latin vote was blah, blah blah. I'm like, of course it was. It's that every fucking time. 'cause they're voting for one particular topic and it's like, what's The topic? Religion. Oh, okay. Yeah, religion and not de abortion and no, it's like, like, like the God thing. It's the god thing. And also a lot of, I feel like a lot of, I don't wanna say a lot, but I, the majority of Latin people in this country, I feel like have been so whitewashed and they want to assimilate so badly. They don't wanna be looked at as those people. They're not the people on the border. Those are not them. Well, a Lot of people have fought and fought to be here and be equal, so Yeah, I Understand.


Well they're, they're not like them even though they're whatever. Maybe their ancestors were like them or maybe their grandparents were like them, but now they've they've made it, they made it through. And so they're not like that anymore. Or they're so far removed from the passage over here that they can't relate to that experience anymore. And so they, and because they're, their, their assimilation to whiteness is so severe Emini here. That's every, every minority because that's how it's by design. I Wouldn't say that's every minority. That's, there's a lot of, There's a lot of Uncle Tom blacks and, and Emini here. I I think People, I think I people, but even in this election, they wanted you to think that. And most of the black people didn't vote for No, didn't vote Republican even though they wanted you to believe that that was what was happening.


So I don't, I don't agree with that. I do agree though that a lot of Latin people I think have been hit even more because we are part, we are of the Americas. Africa. Africa obviously. Like we were shipped here, Mexican people, this is, we were on this land, this was our land. And so I think the assimilation actually impacted us the most here because this is our land and it was literally taken from us here. We were brought from, I, I would, I would, I would disagree only be Emini here. I just feel like in general, when you live in a world globally that is euro cent, like euro European centered in every capacity in media, in beauty and, and everything like that is by design that you wanna assimilate.


You wanna feel like, you know, like my credit's high or I'm, you know, you walk into a building, you don't, you wanna be associated with that for survival essentially. And I think for black people, yes, we were brought over here and it's not necessarily the same landmass, but I do feel like that's even more reason because most African Americans have no direct connection to Africa, except that we know that via slavery what they told us via history book. So, but Just imagine your culture being taken from you on the land that your culture was created. But for Latino people, it hasn't been taken from 'em. They have their music, they have, they have their food, they Have their traditions. I, I'm not, I'm not, I'm black, I'm not debating about that. I'm just speaking for Latin people. I'm speaking for Latin people that have like, it's so interesting because during, you know, during this time I went on this field trip with Irie, she's learning about the missions and you know, we went to Solvang, I don dunno if anyone is familiar with Solvang, but it's where a lot of the missions are.


Santa Barbara, San Diego. And you know, they're teaching my daughter about these missions And I, they wanted us to come on the field trip and I'm so glad that I went because of course they're whitewashing everything and they're skipping over a bunch of shit because they don't wanna like traumatize the kids, right. And I'm sitting there pissed and Iris's like, what's wrong mom? And I'm like, they're all lying. And like some of them parents were like, yeah, they are. And then all the other, you know, of the other parents are like la la la la la. But when I was sitting there listening to like, just revisiting what has been done and for me as a, a Latina and watching my Mexican, the Mexican side of my family completely assimilate to this side.


My grandmother doesn't like to be viewed as a certain type of Mexican. I think, I think I think also with that is you, they can black people, you can't as, you can't assimilate visually. My grandmother can't assimilate as a white person. I, She could like, she's she's fair skinned. She says she could have dark brown hair, like a black person doesn't have the option. So it's easier. That's True. But certain Latin people can't assimilate either. It's, it goes both ways though. But they, yeah, Yeah, it goes both ways. And I'm just saying that because the culture literally like was robbed from us. We were, they were told this is wrong. This is right, this is savage. Yes, that exact thing happened to black people, but it's different when it's on your land. So I feel like the assimilation was more severe here.


And that's why a lot of Latin people, they don't like to be part of that. They don't like to be part of that group. And so they're more inclined to vote for these said reasons of religion. The religion that they were given that they hold on so dearly to because it was literally shoved down their throat. And so this is literally so ingrained in them, deeply ingrained even more, I would say than black people. Because black people don't vote necessarily for religious purposes. They didn't vote Republican because they wanted to vote because they're anti-abortion. Maybe some people did, but for the most part the Latin people that voted, that was like the biggest reason. Well I, I think it's religious based. I Think black people have historically always been democratic period.


But I'm just saying Latin people generally vote for religious purposes. And you think about how that was one of the biggest ways that they pilgrim that culture, this culture, Latin people, it was through religion. And so they're voting for that. You know what I'm saying? And Well I understand like there's very, it's very heavily Catholic. Like, you know, like abortions are a no no. There's certain things I think also like for us is like going back to the initial conversation about like having realizations about people in our friend circle or, or people that we, you know, you feel close to and then you realize you pull back the curtain and you're like, oh you voted for this.


I think like a, for anybody just joining the show or listening or who just doesn't know. Who don't know. Erica And I live, not only do we live in la we live in the valley, we grew up in the valley. It is predominantly white. You know what Emini here. So I think that I wasn't really a lot, I wasn't very shocked to see some of our friends voting a certain way. But maybe 'cause I'm so I'm conditioned to, there's a part of me that understands that some of my friends are just never gonna understand, you know what Emini here, like there's a part of me, like we can all, it's all, it's all fun and games until some real shit happens. Because for us, like for them it's like, it's political, like everybody's racist. But for me it's like if this person promotes and encourages these racist whites to uproar and like to feel comfortable in their race, racism, it incites a different type of violence where if you're not, if you're not subscribed to it or you're not a target of it, you could just like pass it off as just like, it's just everybody is like that.


You know what Emini here, like I, when I talk to my friends, which I'll be honest, I don't get really deep because I know I'm gonna probably stop fucking with you. I know you're not educated enough, you're not gonna understand, you don't have my experience and you obviously like your level of understanding for what that, like what that means for me. Like just the energy of The World is not gonna be the same. And so intentionally I realized that like back in 2020 I'm like, I'm just gonna cut the conversation here or else I'm not gonna like you for real, for real. And because I just don't wanna even go through that or like have to be like, I'm blocking you or I'm not being friends with you 'cause you voted this, I'm just not gonna have those conversations. But I know like that our experience is so different that I don't really expect you to get it.


And I'm not even, I Think I was more so appalled because a lot of the thi because so much has happened over the last eight years and also like so many of our rights as women have been taken away, like Roe versus Wade, like so many of those rights have been taken away that I would think that those things at least would perhaps change their perspective. Do like I know that there's certain things that they're voting for because like I said, we're living in this individualistic society, but like as women, I thought and, and as women and as the person that you're voting in, like knowing his track record, It's just like common Sense. Like it that's what like kind of not, that's not kind of, that's what grossed me out about the people that I know that we inter like, that we know.


And like, you know, some of them got, I know I'm sure they were mad at me. One of them was like, I'm coming to pick up my daughter's and my son's jacket from her house. And I'm like, okay bitch, I don't, that's fine. I don't, I don't hate you. I just don't. Do you think that's what the jacket pickup was? Absolutely. It was immediately, it was immediately after I unfollowed her. Oh. I think that I just a, I unfollowed her because she was posting shit And I was like, I don't wanna see this shit. I, I unfollowed two people And I was like, I don't wanna see your shit. It's not that I hate you, it's just that I don't think, I don't, we don't have anything that we actually relate on. Yes, you're, are you a terrible person? No, I don't think you're a terrible person. Are you a danger to my child?


I don't know if The World were ending, like what kind of, I just feel like this election really highlighted just how much we differ in the values of the human race and society and us as women. And I do believe that for me, I have a lot of integrity about the women, the people that I keep close to me. I am, I'm a fucking territorial bitch when it comes to my friends. I don't just, I'm not friends with everybody, you know? And like if we don't agree on certain things or we can't see eye to eye on certain things and you're gonna also hide.


That's one, that's another thing that I don't like is that people like kind of like avoid the conversation or just don't say anything. Like if you're gonna be about it, then just be about it then say it. Just be about it. You know? I feel like a lot of people were so scared to like Just say, this is why I'm voted. This is, this is why I'm voting for this Person. I didn't ing until until, until he came into office. Until I, I I I just really feel like, honestly a part of me feels like, are you dumb? This is someone who is like, he, to me, he's a joke. Like everything that comes outta this man's mouth is a lie, is a joke. And it's not even very well hidden. Like he's, there's no si like he's, he is like, I'm, there's no prob I'm not doing project 20 26, 20 25.


It's like, this nigga is lying. He lied about getting shot. He li he just lies. He's grabbing bitches by the coochie. He's a felon. So if this is not enough to say I'm cool off this nigga, you are kind of slow. So then why ke keep those people in your life? IIII don't feel like I have to have deep conversations about people's political beliefs because I honestly don't even think that a lot of the people that we're talking about specifically are even educated enough to even defend themselves in a conversation. I think the things that they would be talking about would be regurgitated information from the internet. And I don't think, And I think that my things would go over their head and a lot of those people Emini here not, I don't know if you're ta talking about the same two people, but I don't ha I don't have deep conversations with, anyway.


It's, it's very surface. It's very how are you? It's very, let's let the kids play. So on those terms, sure. I don't mind that our ki our friends, our kids are, our kids are friends. They're not talking about political things. If things come up, I'm, I'm glad to have the conversation. I know myself And I just feel like I'd rather keep it surface and I'm okay with that. 'cause I'm not here to necessarily be your best friend and go on trips together and do certain things. Like I know where each person in my life sits, stands and sits and I'm okay with that. I don't have to like remove you in order to understand that we have different goal like views that way. I'm black and I'm and as, especially as a black woman growing up in this environment where most of my friends have ne have haven't had the same experience as me.


I've come to the place where I'm, I I I know where everybody sits in my circle. I think I just, I'm only interested in, in like integrity based friendships. I don't care to even have small talk. I don't care to drop my kid off at your house just because I need a break because whatever I've known you for however long, I Don't even have to drop my kid off anywhere. If they wanna play when like we see you in passing, we see your birthday party, it's Fine. I'm just speaking for myself. Yeah. I'm just, and a lot of the people, like I said, I grew up here, a lot of my friends that I've known 20, 25 years, I, there's nothing I can tell you that's gonna make you understand being black in America And I know you don't get it.


So it would be a waste of my time and energy and breath to even attempt to start that conversation With you. Emini here. It's, but it's not even just being black at this point. It's about being a woman at this point. You're voting against my rights as a woman and then I understand That And I, So when bitch, when you needed a fucking Abortion, I understand, I understand people being confused you 'cause he also, he also said in Melania or whatever his wife said, she doesn't believe in the government having, having anything in in her in in, in the terms of her body. And so that's confusing if if a nigga's telling you I'm not gonna do this, I'm not gonna do that. But someone else is saying something else. Niggas are confused. But he does, he, you look at the, look at the actions they overturned Roe versus Wade under his term.


He was, that wasn't when he was there. Yes it was. Was it? Yes. When, when Trump was in Office? Yes. That wasn't during, that wasn't during Biden's term. That Was recently. That was four years ago. That was almost four years ago. Has It been four years? Yes. And I think it wasn't, that was per state. So federally is one thing, per state is different. So I think that within the state, a lot of these backwards ass states did that. And he was basically saying that federally he's not going to be in women's birth business. Obviously there's a lot of lies that are being generated from the entire political parties. Honestly, the thing about me is I'm not a government type of bitch. I I'm a black person And I don't believe in any, like American government is fucked to me as a, as an African American person.


I, I, I believe I I know people keep saying this like the greater of two evils America's evil as fuck. It always has been. It's not a secret. So I don't subscribe to either side just because I know you're, they're both full of shit and it's both, it's both for profit and monetary gain. It's not for the ethics or morals of the people that they contain. So with accepting that, it's like, I live here and let's just keep it moving until I can get to Costa Rica permanently, forever. I wanna know. I just, for me it's no new friends. Like I'm my friends if you, I Emini here, obviously the tribe is always the tribe, but when it comes to, oh My god, actually there's a bitch in our who used to be in our tribe that she, she blocked us on everything.


Oh yeah. Because we talked about Palestine and I'm like, wow. Interesting. It's just, it's so, it's, it's such an interesting fickle time and you know, it's so telling too that like, The thing about it is like people get in, this is the thing, and I'm guilty of this too, is like we get in an uproar around, around these topics, right? And we get mad at our friends and we get mad at the people that we deem as whatever friends, acquaintances, and then time fizzles out and then we're back to going to brunch and then we're back to, you know, having play dates and it's Like, but did you go to brunch with any of those People? I'm not talking about them specifically. Oh, I'm just saying in general, all of us like this, this is what happens. We, we get, we have this like outrage and then we go back to just whatever.


It feels normal again. I Think there was a turning point in my relationships where I was like, oh we're different as like as an adult and I've kept those people in those places. Maybe we would have contact with me, but am I calling you every day? No. Am I keeping up with my life? No. I like, as an adult, as I've, especially as a black woman growing up in the valley in certain situations I was just like, oh, okay, this is where I'll leave you forever 12 degrees. You know, there's some people who are two degrees or some people who are across the mountain, around the corner. And I just know how to deal in those, those distances and not like take it very personally because then it's gonna piss me the fuck off and then I might have to punch you in the face.


And I don't wanna punch somebody in the face late in life. Like I'm not gonna be getting in a fight at 36 years old. Can you imagine if I called you and said I got in a fist fight, girl come get me. I had, I had to beat her ass. I could, I could imagine actually Hate You. I'm surprised I ain't got one of those calls yet. Shut Up now you try to make me the violent friend. Let me think about it. Have I? No. Yeah. When was your last physical altercation? Probably like when I lived in Atlanta. I, I can think of two physical altercations as an adult. Like once outside the club, This bitch who was talking shit about me And I saw her in the club And I could not let it go.


I had to say something And I was like, what was that you said to so-and-so and she, we saw each other outside the club and we got into a physical altercation and then one time I didn't, I didn't really participate in it but I was talking shit 'cause I have a really, I, my gift is talking shit with like a very straight face with like a smile on my face And I really pissed somebody off. Not my Gift, I was just like jokingly but like getting under this person's skin. And I was just talking, sitting on the bed. It was really late with a bunch of people and she jumped across the bed to attack me. But that was it. That was about 15 years ago. What about you? My last one was about 11 years ago at Casa Vega. 11.


That's Not a long actually. Wait no it's not Casa Vega. What's another Oh, Mexicali. Oh, right here in Ventura. Yeah. Shout out to Mexicali down street Here. Why? It was, it was very uncalled for. Actually we were all, there was a long, it was Cin de Mayo. There was a very long ass fuck it. Yeah, tequila. There was a, Keep in mind these physical altercations removed by domestic violence situations 'cause that would've been more recent for me there. Yeah, there was. Oh yeah. 'cause I could name one of those too. 'cause that would be last year. Oh shit. Yeah. For me. No wait, there was a long ass line. We were all waiting to pee and this bitch was in there for a fucking ever And I was next up And I was knocking like, hello bitch.


She opened the doors swinging at me. No way. Yeah, she opened the door. How do you gotta pee and try to beat Somebody's ass? She did you pee herself? No, she opened the door. 'cause she was mad. I was knocking, trying to get in 'cause bitch took lo was in there. I don dunno what she was doing, some fucking cocaine or what the fuck she was doing. But she was taking two goddamn long And I had to pee and there was a long ass line. Everyone was like, what the fuck? So she came out swinging and we started fighting and they had to break it up and then that was it. But that was, that was my last physical altercation. I don't like to fight 'cause I'm like my face. I like it. I don't, I don't wanna get my face hit. I don't wanna get scratched And I might black out. I don't, I don't I don't trust myself in that situation. I haven't fought a lot of bitches in my life. I fought more niggas in my life than bitches.


Yeah. No. I just don't believe in getting in a fight at this grown age Now, will I? I'm very much have two parents from Philly. Absolutely. I'll fucking fight you if need be. But I don't think it's classy as a fucking grown ass adult. And it's not my go-to. However, there are a couple things spitting in my face. Certain words. Yeah, I'll beat your fucking ass and it's gonna be go time And I might pull a knife or something, but other than that, You got a knife? No, But I would break a glass and make it a shank. I don't know. I've seen movies, flash, bleach. I, you know, I'm 98 pounds. I gotta do what I gotta do. Weapons all around can be weapons. You know, there's the key. Put the key between the fingers. Listen, I'll bite, I'll all the things I just wouldn't recommend you get in a fight with a little person.


'cause I'll go low. Not like Michelle Obama.


Michelle Obama. Michelle Obama here at Life Kit NPR, Self-Help Podcast. We love the idea of helping you make meaningful lifestyle changes. Our policy is to never be too punishing on yourself or two grand in your goals. Which is why we've got shows on how to make little nudges to your behavior and create habits that stick. Listen to the Life Kit podcast on iHeartRadio.


What's up y'all? This is Quest Love. And I'm here to tell you about a new podcast I've been working on with the Story Pirates and John Glickman called Historical Records. It's a family friendly podcast. Yeah, you heard that, right? A podcast for all ages. One you can listen to and enjoy with your kids. Starting on September 27th, I'm going to toss it over to the host of Historical Records, ne to tell you all about it. Make sure you check it out. Hey y'all. Emini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records. Historical Records brings history to life through Hip Hop Smash Slam. Another one Gone. BA Bam, Another one Gone. The Cracker a bat and Another one Gone. A Tip for the Cap. Another one Gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the city Bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing. Check it. And I give nine months before Rosa. Get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning into Historical Records. Because in order to make history, you have to make some noise. Listen to Historical Records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, I'm Arturo Castro and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse and so many commercials about back pain. And now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes, a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians to tell 'em a buck wild tale from across history and time. People like Ed Helms, Diana Guerrero, Joseph Gordon Levitt, and Soy Chow Titanic, Charles Manson, Alcatraz, ADA Shakur, a sketchy guy named Steve. It's giving funny, true crime. I Love storytelling And I Love You. So I can't wait. Listen And subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I started to live a double Life when I was a teenager, responsible and driven and wild and out of control. My head is pounding, I'm confused. I don't know why I'm in jail. It's hard to understand what hope is when you're trapped in a cycle of addiction. Addiction took me to the darkest places. I had an AK 47 plan at my head, but one night a new door opened And I made it into the rooms of recovery. The path would have roadblocks and detours, stalls and relapses. But when I was feeling the most lost, I found hope with community And I made my way back this season, join me on my journey through addiction and recovery. A story told in 12 steps. Listen to Krems as part of the Michael Luda podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Anyway, it feels like a good time to segment into secret. Safe Is your secret safe that I might beat somebody's ass with a shank. So this segment, secret safe is for you to write in and share your secrets with us anonymously. We know how to keep a secret. So if you are interested or have something you wanna share, maybe you can't tell the homies, maybe you can't even bear to tell yourself. Tell us. Go ahead and click the link in this episode description. Or You can just go to Good Moms Bad Choices dot com and tell us your secrets. We won't say your name if you don't want us to. So this was a write in question, a write in secret. Excuse me.


Okay. Please don't judge as this has been hard enough already. I just found out that guy I've been dating for the last five months has a whole other secret life with a wife and two kids. He doesn't know that I know And I haven't told his wife yet. Of course I'm not gonna keep dating him, but I'm torn on whether or not I should tell his wife. I'm a little fearful of his retaliation. So I really don't know what to do. What would you do? A I just really wanna know like how motherfucking spyware are all these niggas because me as a woman, my intuition is so high. I ask so many questions. Where do you live?


All the things. So many questions. I don't know if this will get past me. Like Maybe it was long distance. Oh, Emini here. Even then, nigga FaceTime me bitch. Yeah, this reminds me of an episode we once had called I'm Triggered. I'm dating a married man where Erica was stating a married man long distance because, because niggas are strange and they kind of did research 'cause we tell all our business on the internet and he knew exactly what to do and say He did. And he and And he was FaceTiming and He was FaceTiming me. He was FaceTiming me with his son. His like, saying hi. Yeah. Yes. He was flying out like he he driving out to our show like he was doing a lot.


What Was that? 2019 of 2019. Please if you guys have not dipped back in the archives, it is worth dipping back in the archives to listen to I dating a married man. It is my, my my dear dear, my best friend, my brother, shout out to Sebastian. He really coached me through this very dark time in my life and went as far as just like any good gay man would do. He wrote a letter to the wife for me. So, you know, Would you have done that had he not done it for you? Would you have contacted her in any way or would you just let it go? I would've contacted her Emini here. I, I did, I threw him, you know, like that was my choice.


Emini here. He, he, he didn't, he didn't do it on his own accord, you know, Emini Here. I don't know Sebastian be doing stuff on the court. I think that, you know, and, and, and granted did it change the situation? No, the bitch was got pregnant and they're probably still, I forgot she got, she got pregnant right after that and had a baby with him. And you know, I think sometimes women go like double down even more when that happens at some. That's never, Which is never a good look like ever. It's just never, Never good. But I, I don't know. Like I think that as from a woman to woman, I believe that she deserves to know. But do not be surprised if nothing changes you. You, you really need to wash your hands of this completely.


Like you said you are. I hope you have. But I would wanna know. Would you want, would wanna Know? Absolutely. And I'm gonna tell you just on the, just on the car Karma in general, whatever you choose to do with this information is on you. But I'm gonna let you know, bitch, this is what your nigga is doing. But yeah, I do. If I, if it was happening to me, I don wanna know. I, I don't even know how my husband could ever think he was having a side bitch because I'm a nosy bitch on both sides. Yeah, laugh 'cause it's never happening. It would never happen because I am too nosy. I'm all up in your phone. I'm all up in your way abouts on And I ask too many questions. But I I I do know that there's sneaky double live leading men. 'cause I even met that guy.


I met that guy who was she met through the podcast. She was talking to him for a while. He was sending stuff, being kind, all types of shit. They were really dating. He took us to dinner. He came out to dinner. What was that? Who was I with? Ashley. Oh, okay. But for the men who are listening and the men who do shit like this, what the fuck is the point? What are you doing? And if you're grown, like I, to me, if you're a late in life cheater like a old ass nigga that cheats. I Don't think they're late in life. I think they've been doing this. I just feel like you're, I just feel like your whole life's a lie and that's on you. Like I don't, I think this even goes to your ex. Like there's a couple of people I could think of specifically who go so hard to rep to present as one thing.


And then when you find out you're not, you know what? I think also for us as podcasters, for us as podcasters, we talk so honestly all the time, even the things that are not so desirable, you know, like, I'm gonna say some shit, even if I know it's gonna make a nigga judge me, but I'm still gonna say it 'cause it's the truth. So if somebody goes so far to hide who they are, it makes me know that you don't really like yourself or what you represent and you hate it so much that you create a whole facade over who it is. So it's always just like, damn, I feel bad for you because you really dislike yourself and you don't have any self-love. And that's something even deeper that you have to go on a journey into. And I have no time for it and no guidance. But it does make me feel like, damn, what a sad life to live.


Long story short, bitch. Tell her. Yeah, tell her. Yeah. And make sure she gets the message. Yeah. Like email her Directly like Sebastian did. Yeah. We, we As a matter of fact, can we play that clip? Yeah. I think Orlando, Can we Insert? Yeah, I think we need to insert the clip. We need to insert the clip of Sebastian reading the message to Keyshawn. Yep. Keyshawn. That was his Name. Oh My God. Keyshawn. I should have known God. His voice bothered me. Remember he talked on th Oh yeah. It was like, oh Keisha so Beautiful. Lemme tell you before we, before we let go of this topic, lemme tell you about Keyshawn. It was around Halloween time and he told Erica that he was dressing up as Martin.


And I shut up, Bitch, Shut up. And I said, girl, you know good and goddamn well no one's dressing up as Martin without Gina. You knew he was married because how the fuck you just gonna be Martin? What you gonna wear? You have to have Gina. And sure enough, when we finally got into the, got into the files, There was a picture of him. Gina, Gina. 'cause no one's gonna be just fucking Keshawn as Martin. No one's gonna know who you are, nigga. The fact that we say his government name, that's what the fuck you get. I hope That's what the fuck I should say your last name. Dumbass. What was it? It starts with a B. Damn. All her friends are gonna know He's, where was he in North Carolina? I always got the Carolina, one of the Carolinas. He's one of the Carolinas. He's out there. One Of those bored ass states where he ain't got nothing to do.


No, sorry, I didn't mean to say that. There's a lot of stuff to do there. It's just him. Lots of things to do. There You go. With your state, your stateism. Sorry guys. Oh, we didn't pull a card or it's time. Is it Erritory or did We not smoke a joint? Okay, wait, hold on. Oh, speaking of this joint, I didn't get to tell you last episode. This is a very, very special strain. You did start with saying that and then you never finished it. I Never shared Why? Why? This comes straight from my parents' backyard. Oh. Actually not the backyard. My brother's bedroom where my stepfather was cultivating cannabis.


'cause my brother went to college. Oh. And so he made his, I Don't think she told their business, but okay. It's fine. It's legal. We're in California. We're in California. Anyway, it's fine. Anyway, he, he grew this, it took about a thousand years and That's gonna take two months. It took Forever. 'cause he takes forever. And this is his not, It took forever. 'cause he takes Forever. He does. He's slow. He's slow. I love him dearly. But everything he does is slow. He cooks slow, he talks slow. He thinks slow. And he's a great man. And the canna. But you know what I will say, when people take their time, Make good Products. They do. And the, and the product is, is good. Producting. So shout out to Rory. Smells good.


I don't know what strain this is. It's a, it feels like a, a hybrid actually. No. This tastes like a og. Basically the all the weed people tell me that everything's a hybrid. Don't get it twisted. Hmm. Which I could see. It's all contaminating each other. Oh shit. You Okay with it? Yeah. I've been wheezing lately. Probably Emini here. Me too. Probably. 'cause we probably at some point need to stop smoking weed. But No, I think it's allergies. Okay. Couldn't be weed. Nope. It's allergies.


Let me just take a moment to cleanse the palate after all the shit talking. We did need a little palate cleanser. Wherever you are, just take a few deep breaths. Release Your sound, remove the tension from your body. That's nice when you do it with weed. Oh yeah. Using weed with, with breath work is actually a clutch. Ah.


The two can do weed and breath work together in Costa Rica with me and Jamila February 1st through the sixth in Costa Rica. Near the black sand beaches That's strong on The Caribbean side. Yes it is. For those of you who smoke cannabis, that's also available. I know. People always ask me, can we smoke weed in Costa Rica? Yes. And in fact, we'll provide it for you. Don't you worry. We've got everything. Everything You need. We've gotten, we've took it taken care of everything for you. Pick a card. My love. King of Pentacles. Hmm.


The King of Pentacles. That's the king of the money. He Looks like he's, he's really proud of himself. Like he's, he's accomplished things. He's looks like fairness and show The camera Luxury. He stands for wealth, business, leadership, security, discipline and abundance. The King of Pentacles represents material wealth, financial abundance, and worldly success. This king is a faithful provider. He uses his ambition and confidence to create wealth for himself and others and generates his self-worth from what he has accumulated and can share with others. He's also a fatherly figure who provides others with advice, guidance, wisdom, especially in financial and work-related matters.


When the King of Pentacles appears in a tarot reading, you're confident and successful at attracting and managing wealth. Not only do you identify opportunities for growth and success, but you also draw upon yourself discipline and control to manage your wealth and invest in wisely for the long term. My $400 million, The King of Pentacles, indicates that you can translate your vision into something tangible, practical, and often very lucrative. You are the ultimate business owner. Amen. Amen. Amen. Yes. Yes. I'll take that. 2025. We've gotten some good cards these last two weeks. We standing on Business stand on business. Did y'all see our trailer?


Because we stand on business. You saw our trailer, you saw it, right? I know you saw it. You saw you liked it, didn't you? You didn't. You saw we were bossy. Right? We were doing bossy shit. Us acting shit. You saw us acting. I her acting debut. It's not her acting debut. We've done acted so many times the Show Bitch. We've had a two, two woman show. It's not acting it's real life, but No, it is, it is entertaining. Yeah. I think we, we are talking about before we started this episode that a lot of times at a certain age, people, people cap their passions and their creativity and the things that they can tap into. And I just wanna say, 'cause sometimes I fall, I fall victim to this too.


'cause society, you could be a late in life whatever you wanna be. Accept a bad person. That would be a waste of time. But like, if you wanna act late in life, like even the guy both, well, one of the gentlemen who was in our our Wait, we gotta stop calling it late in life. Sorry. You know where that came From, right? I know where it comes from. The life lesbian. One time somebody wrote us in and they were like, I, I'm a late in life lesbian. I'm a late in life lesbian. And ever since then we've been like late in life. Porn star, late in life. Cheater. Everything's late in life. Shout out to that girl. I wonder if she's still lesbian. Oh my God, I hope she is. I think she's living her truth.


Or maybe you've, you fall outta lesbianism like me. Maybe. She seemed like she was really, she really needed to go in there for a while. Can you relate this for me? Absolutely. I know, but I just feel like sometimes later in the latter years people have a lot of fear about starting something new because there's this expectation that you have to be wildly successful or make a lot of money. And I think it's ridiculous. And I have experienced this, like this year I forgot Emini here. I started a podcast with Orlando called Love Like This. Go listen to it. But I had a lot of anxiety around it, even though, obviously I know I already podcast, but I only do it with Erica and it's so I'm used to doing it with Erica and it was very, it was very telling for me that I had so much fear around it and like anxiety.


And I was like, bitch, you didn't have fear when you were sitting in the dining room with Erica. And I just had to like do it. And it took some time to feel like, to realize that. And it's just like, even with my sexology and my tantric practitionership, it's like even with writing a book, you know, it's just like we tell our ourselves so many lies and it, it really handicaps us from like expanding and doing other things and literally having fun doing it and like discovering parts of ourselves that we haven't honored. And so I just wanna say, if you're late in life, anything, do it. I agree. I've been, I've been really thinking about that a lot lately too. 'cause I've recently got back into acting and you know, acting kind of like broke my heart for a while.


'cause I've been auditioning and acting for the majority of my life. And actually it's so crazy now that I'm getting back into it. 'cause it feels like, I was like, oh my God, that was a whole lifetime of this thing until like, it started to give me so much anxiety that I needed to take a break. And I think there's also, that is like not being afraid to take a break from something and thinking it's the end because you need to go focus on that late in life, whatever, you know, what Emini here, like being able to also dissect that idea as well, because some of that is being fear of quitting your job and switching careers. Some of that is like, oh, I'm actually in the arts and I'm doing things, but I actually don't want to do this anymore. Well, I'm successful at it.


Like, why would I stop? Or Yeah, you know what, it just also starting something at the beginning Is It can be overwhelming. It could be intimidating because we do have this idea socially that you have, if at a certain age you have to be an expert, but guess what? You don't have to be an expert at anything as long as you genuinely enjoy it. Yeah. And then you become an expert because you're going to be actively doing it because you're really going to embody it at some point. Even if you first, you're just learning what it is, you know? So. Yeah. And I've been seeing other women kind of tap into that. Like I'm seeing some of the women that are in my life and in my circle starting to explore themselves in that way.


And I think that is also a telling sign of like a woman that women that have agreed to ch has have chosen to heal and know themselves. You start to be able to give yourself permission to even consider that. You know, like sometimes the block is so deep you can't even consider you wanna be what you want a sing bitch? What are you talking about? Well, The mind is such a like a, like the mind, like the, the, the ener the energetic weight. We give other people's opinions that actually like, it's an illusion. No, it doesn't matter. But like the opinions of others is such a heavy energetic weight sometimes that it literally paralyzes us from the expansion that is sometimes necessary to like tap into the, get to the next realm, the next level.


Yeah. I know I was, I was the other day. So my, my partner, he sings and he's been like wanting to me to sing on songs with him. And you know, I love singing, but I don't know, like, again, I was like, that's done. I, I actively told myself I'm cool. Like I love music, you know, I have really great taste in music. Sound is really important to me, but I'm not, I'm not that anymore. And so he was like, ask me to sing. And we did. And then he was like giving me notes. Then I could feel myself like the critique, like wanting to paralyze me. And even Like, not like saying not even do it. Yeah. Fucking Like, yeah. And I was like, huh. Breathe. Like why are you taking, like why are you taking it personally? This is not that. Yeah. Like having to walk myself through and experience like that.


Especially like, this person loves me. Like he's the only he wants to be here. But observing that, your initial reaction to those, like, to certain words, even though you get, you had that, you had that moment where you get to, you get to choose if it means this or that, but taking that pause And say, and then I, but also 'cause I'm so connected to my body, I could feel how my body like what it started to do. And I was like, damn. Whereas before I wouldn't even feel it. I wouldn't even know it was happening. I would literally just flee. Right. Like I go Now, I feel my body going into to Flight mode. You can identify it and you can, you can reverse And I Can reverse it. Like I can re truly do that. Yeah. Rere redirect the energy and say, Hey, this is not real.


Your mind just told you that. Let's redirect it here and let it Ah, that's really good friend. Yeah, It was cool. Yeah. And I'm still working through it and I'm gonna keep doing it because it was fun And I sounded good. Big good, big good, big good Big


Here at Life Kit. NPR Self-Help podcast. We love the idea of helping you make meaningful lifestyle changes. Our policy is to never be too punishing on yourself or too grand in your goals, which is why we've got shows on how to make little nudges to your behavior and create habits that stick. Listen to the Life Kit podcast on iHeartRadio.


What's up y'all? This is Quest Love. And I'm here to tell you about a new podcast I've been working on with the story Pirates and John Glickman called Historical Records. It's a family friendly podcast. Yeah, you heard that, right? A podcast for all ages. One you can listen to and enjoy with your kids. Starting on September 27th, I'm going to toss it over to the host of Historical Records, ne to tell you all about it. Make sure you check it out. Hey, y'all. Emini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records. Historical Records brings history to life through Hip Hop Smash Slam. Another one Gone. BA Bam, another one Gone. The Cracker a bat and Another one Gone. A Tip Bud. A cap is Another one. Gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about c Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the city bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing. Check it and Did, you know, did know I wouldn't give up nine months before. Rosa. Get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning in to Historical Records. Because in order to make history, you have to make some noise. Listen to Historical Records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, I'm Arturo Castro, and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse and so many commercials about back pain. And now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians to tell 'em a buck wild tale from across history and time. People like Ed Helms, Diana Guerrero, Joseph Gordon Levitt and Soy Chow Titanic, Charles Manson, Alcatraz, a Sara Shakur, a sketchy guy named Steve. It's giving funny, true crime. I love storytelling And I Love You, so I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I started to live a double life when I was a teenager, responsible and driven and wild and out of control. My head is pounding, I'm confused. I don't know why I'm in jail. It's hard to understand what hope is when you're trapped in a cycle of addiction. Addiction took me to the darkest places. I had an AK 47 pointed at my head, but one night a new door opened And I made it into the rooms of recovery. The path would have roadblocks and detours, stalls and relapses. But when I was feeling the most lost, I found hope with community And I made my way back this season, join me on my journey through addiction and recovery. A story told in 12 steps. Listen to Krems as part of the Michael Luda podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hello? After you take the notes willingly. What, What was that You said? It's so funny. It's true, but like, you know, that's, that's the perk of being later on in life and being aware and intentional is like, am I staying in the same programming or am I taking the time to observe how I feel and like why I feel that way and how I'm showing up. And then like, once I figure that out, do I continue 'cause it's comfortable? Or do I then do this thing that's like I, I'm resisting from because I'm so used to doing this. That's how I protect myself. You know, it was even more like, it's an added layer. And it was probably the thing that kept me going was Irie.


Like she came, she's wi I realized she was witnessing me do Something. Oh, she was there, She was in the house. And then she came in and was like, what are you doing? And she's like, I wanna hear. And you know, I was like, she's witnessing me do something she's never seen me do. Mm. And like she's never, she's heard about it, but You get to make an example. Exactly. And if you flee she'll when she, something comes up for her. That's what I'm saying. Yes. That's why I was like, okay, no, this is, this is actually even more important right now. Yes. It's not even about me. Yes it is. And it's all gonna be good. Only good is gonna come from this if I say yes. So, you know, it's, yeah, it was interest. It's, it's interesting. And that's also, I'm like, okay, so then I have, now I have to commit. And how you grow out of it too. 'cause even Luna was like, she wants to like do Broadway.


She's obsessed with Hamilton. And we went to Ashley's and we were, they were like, we were waiting for you for you guys to do karaoke. And I was like, she called me. I was like, you called me about karaoke. She's like, yeah, are you guys here yet? So I turned And I was like, Luna, what are you gonna do? And I was like, do something from Hamilton. She's like, no, I'm not gonna do it. And I was like, how are you gonna do Broadway if he won't do the thing? And she's like, And I was like, listen, you know, I was like, me and Erica, we do shows. I'm like, I'm scared every single time I'm nervous. I was like, but then I just have to do it. And I was like, there comes a point, you're gonna have to just do it. And she's just like, I could see it all in her head, like, she's heady because at home with us singing, dancing, like vibrant. And I'm like, it's so interesting, you know? And it's like truly we are just child versions of ourself because truly I'm so nervous when we do shows, like I'm telling Erica good to me too.


I'm like, I'm so nervous, like shaking. You know, fifth time we did it that week, you know, but still, it's like something you may not ever get over the, the nerves, but it's like, but are you gonna be the bitch who says, fuck it And I do it anyway? Or are you gonna be let it like debilitate you to not move and then you have regrets? Yeah. I feel like I've done both. I've, as a kid, I've frozen as an adult. I've pushed through, I've pushed through, but felt frozen the whole time and knew it was horrible. Have you ever known that you ever had that feeling where you're like, this is going bad, but you, this is not going well at all, but here we're, and then it's, yeah.


And then maybe you've even fleded you know, you like try to forget about that ever happening and just like keeping it and putting it away in the drawer at the bottom. Feelings are so much, God, I'm so sometimes I'm over 'em, but I know that's no way to get over 'em. You gotta go in them. Yeah, I gotta run in. But that shit is, that's the journey. That's what else are we supposed to be doing here? We'd be bored as hell. It's True doing that way. Everything, everything was great, Safe. If our nervous system was regulated, we'd be fucked. If Had all the great, there'd be no drama. There'd be no drama. There'd be no love stories. There'd be no, what would we doing? What are we doing? We'll be watching to love all, all day long and shit.


Right. You're right. The whole life is all about learning to understand your nervous system and learning to regulate it Pretty much. But there's always gonna be predator. There's always gonna be The good, the bad, the duality of both. Yeah. Oh my God. That's for another episode. I have a whole episode because bitch, we were talking about the ancestors and the, oh my God, the drama of the ancestors and like how there's duality up there in that space that there's duality in every, Is that the heaven and Realm? It's the in between. Like, because you're an ancestor, not, you're not necessarily like, like evolved like a fucking, like a master teacher.


You're just up there hoping that your a hoping that your descendants are feeding you like you're thi they're thirsty up there too. There's like probably a graveyard of ancestors, just underfed and shit. No one saying hi giving, offering anything. So yeah. Anyway, that's, that's a whole other conversation. But Yes, it is. We made it. Join me on an episode of Erica's Deep high thought. The the drama. The drama of the, the ancestors. There's a hotel novella happening up there. Anyway. Well this is Danielle. Affirmation. Affirmation. I, hmm. There was one I had, what the fuck was it?


No new friends, just the ones that accept you. No new friends, just the ones that think like you. Just the ones that think just like you. Just the ones that think just like you only Politically and others. I'm so high. I think it's affirmation time. You guys we're high. We're high. Today's affirmation is the only fucks I have to give are the ones that serve my mind, body, and soul. The only fucks I have to give are the ones that serve my mind. Body and soul. And soul. And so Train.


Thank you guys for joining us today. It has been another pleasure. Another high Pleasure. My my stepdad Daddy's weed got us a little toasty. It's got me a little slow. He that Slow weed made me feel slow. Damn. God damn. Thank you. Pick more from the garden. You know where to find us. Good Moms Bad Choices. This is a production of the Black Effect Network and we are Erica and Mila. And also follow the good vibe. Oh, guess That too. Bye.


Good Moms Bad Choices is a production of the Black Effect podcast Network. For more podcasts from iHeartRadio, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows. Don't forget to subscribe to and rate our show and you can connect with us on social media at Good Moms Bad Choices. Make sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel at Good Moms Bad Choices to watch our episodes and join our private community on Patreon to see extended episodes, uncensored content and more@patreon.com slash Good Moms Bad Choices.


The new year is here And I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime Video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night Football Prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Here at Life Kit and PR Self-Help podcast. We love the idea of helping you make meaningful lifestyle changes. Our policy is to never be too punishing on yourself or too grand in your goals, which is why we've got shows on how to make little nudges to your behavior and create habits that stick. Listen to the Life Kit podcast on iHeartRadio.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors, it's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content. Just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


$1.4 billion in NFL quarterback contracts. The untold stories behind the biggest deals in football history. I'm AJ Stevens, vice President of Client Strategy at Athletes First. Introducing The Athletes First Family Podcast, the quarterback series. My cohost Brian Murphy. Athletes first, CEO, And I are sitting down with the agents who have negotiated contracts for Justin Herbert, Deshaun Watson, Dak Prescott, Tua Tonga, Viola and Jordan Love. Listen to Athletes' First Family podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.