
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts, let's, I'm a homegirl that knows a little bit about everything in Everybody's You that Lucy, you dunno if you don't lie about that, right? Lauren came in. Hi. Hey y'all. What's up? It's Lauren la Rosa and this is the latest with Lauren la. Now y'all know this is the daily dig on all things pop culture, entertainment, news, exclusives. It's just your daily dig. Okay? But of course we get into all those conversations that are gonna shake the room. Now, before we get into all of the things, y'all know how we like to do it for the low riders and just for myself honestly, we check in on the grind.


And man, when I tell y'all the grind has been grinding Back on the grind, grinding, And I'm not mad at it. I'm, I'm very, very grateful. But boy is it overwhelmed. Currently right now I am in the back of an Uber, Uber recording via, you know, all of the sound things. I have a mic set up and you know, I, I'm not doing video because it, it just would've been a lot to try and do everything. But I am headed into court talking to you guys and had to do it this way because last night I literally passed out reading court transcripts to the best of my ability. 300 pages, 257 to be exact, because yesterday I had to leave court early for a bounce TV screening that I did with their shell that is returning for the second season called Mind Your Business.


It's an amazing shelf featuring Columbus short Jusa and, you know, Braley Evans and, and a lot of people. But I had to leave court early 'cause I'd already committed to that some months back. And I love to honor commitments if and when I can. But y'all know, the podcast is daily, so I'm very big on, I don't care what time we gotta get it out. We can leave the low riders with nothing to listen to. So here I am in the back of this Uber recording this podcast. I'm about 10 minutes away from court. Shout out to Taylor Gang. Taylor made it. Taylor Hayes, who is my producer of the latest with Lauren La Rosa. We just hit a million, it's a million of y'all out there listening and getting my content.


And man, that is crazy. That is crazy. But I think it all goes into, you know, the overwhelming feeling that I'm feeling it, it's, and it's not just a bad overwhelming, you know, it, it's also because overwhelming can be like, pressure, overwhelming can be, you know, I need to learn how to disconnect, which I really do need to learn how to disconnect. It can be all of those things, but also overwhelming. I, I I say gratitude and grateful a lot on this podcast because that is also overwhelming as well. I am just, I'm grateful that I'm able to do what I love every single day. I'm, I'm grateful to be able to pay my bills off of what I do, what I do and what I love every day. And I'm grateful honestly that The World is getting to see and witness it.


I, I've always been really big and really transparent on sharing my journey and what that looks like and what that feels like. And man, here y'all are here, y'all are a million of y'all little riders. I really appreciate. So that is how I'm feeling today heading into court. It is technically week three including jury selection, but as far as like, you know, people on the stand, it is week two of the Diddy Trial. So we're headed back there and I'll have some more updates. But I did wanna get into Chris Brown before we get into anything else. So y'all know, I'm gonna give y'all some of the latest, let's get on into the latest breaking news. Chris Brown has been released on bail. He was being jailed over in the UK because of a 2023 incident that he got into an alleged assault in a London nightclub in 2023.


The nightclub is a place called Tate. And man, when I tell y'all, first of all, the news of this just happening was like outta nowhere because the incident was in 2023. So for background, there was a producer that alleged that Chris Brown and him and you know, they got into it and he was hit with, with some objects and you know, all the things. And because of that, Chris Brown was then charged with grievous bodily harm. And when he flew into the UK he was arrested and he's been in jail since. So he's been in jail since about, yeah, he's been in jail. It, it's been some days now.


It's, it is been some days because we talked about this last week. So he flew in Thursday, last Thursday. So today is what I was gonna say, it was Friday. I just remembered it was the end of the week. Today is Wednesday. So yeah, he's been in, in, he's been in custody for some days, but he was just supposed $5 million security fee. Now the security fee that it pays the court is, is what we would call a bond. And he was granted this bail even by judge, even though he didn't appear in person. He's allowed to keep traveling. 'cause I know the friends are like, well what about the tour? What about the tour? What about the tour? He is allowed to keep traveling 'cause he does have tour dates in the UK in June and July 'cause it's an international tour.


But he is not allowed to use his passport for any other purposes according to the conditions that the judge gave him when they allowed him to be released. I know he, he happened to be out of there. The judge also ruled that Chris Brown must live at a specific address according to Yahoo News, which he must submit to the court. And he's not allowed to visit tape, which is the place where the original incident went down. He's also not allowed to contact the alleged victim or apply for any international travel documents, man. And yeah, I I don't know. It, it's, it's, it's unfortunate as I'm heading into court, right, having this conversation about Chris Brown and mind you, Chris Brown ain't got nothing to do with Diddy and none of this stuff Emini here.


They did bring him up in court. They, ironically enough, Cassie brought Chris Brown up in court. Well she didn't bring Chris Brown up in court. Diddy's legal team brought Chris Brown up in court while Cassie was on the stand. They had asked her about a time where Diddy had gotten mad because someone had told him that she was like at a party or something dancing with Chris Brown and she denied it. She said it didn't happen. But anyway, nothing to do with where I'm headed. But I just brought that up to say that it's crazy because Chris Brown has been so much out the way. He has that song with Bow Wow, which is everywhere. He's been doing his due diligence and his big one, y'all be mad when I say that, but he's been doing his big one about staying out of trouble and staying out the way and just, you know what Emini here, like trying to get back to having some sorts of, of normalcy in his life.


And I hate to say it, but it just seems like things follow him even when he's trying. But I'm glad though that he is gonna be able to still finish out his tour dates and because the fans have been pulling up for this tour, but it's just, it's just unfortunate because I do think that every single time there's a headline that hits in relation to Chris Brown, the people taking a run with it, they take it and run with it whether it is true or not. 'cause again, all of this stuff is alleged. There are charges I talked about the bodily harm charges, but all of these things are alleged until they're proven. But I think that there's just certain people who don't get that benefit of the doubt because of prior actions or previous actions.


And Chris Brown is one of those people. So every time something go down it just be like, man, unfortunate that you know, it, it seems like things follow him. But we'll, we'll follow this very closely. And I, you know, I'm sure between here on the latest with Lauren, the Rosa, the podcast and The Breakfast Club and social media, if you're not following me, I'm Lauren the Rosa. We'll be having a conversation about what his return back to his first couple tour dates look like. And you know, it's at all the tours affected because of this, but I doubt it. I think Chris Brown fans are so ready for the rest of The World to move on. They been moved on, they showing up for this tour. They don't care about none of this. Now taking y'all to court, 'cause that is literally where I'm headed. And y'all know you're gonna let to take y'all to court lot to take y'all to court.


Diddy, man, a lot has went down since our last episode. We heard, you know, testimony from Cassie's mother who alleged that Diddy demanded $20,000 from her and her husband because he was upset that Cassie was dating Kid Cudi. They sent the money allegedly, and then four to five days later the money was sent back to them and nothing, nothing. The no conversation, no nothing. We also heard testimony from a previous assistant of Diddy's who said, you know, he witnessed a ton of things including an incident with Suge Knight or lack thereof when they were going to go pull up on Suge Knight. And he alleged that, you know, Diddy had three guns on him and, and he was told to drive the car.


And you know, this, that was the night he realized his life was in danger and he had to back up off of it. But I think the biggest thing, oh, there's also a lot of, there was a lot of sexual talk in the, in the courtroom as there has been because a previous sex worker that Diddy and Cassie allegedly linked up with prior to named the Punisher, got on the stand and talked about, you know, there are a couple run-ins while here in New York. And he talked about a book that he titled in, in that based around the, the conversation of having freezer meat because he was experiencing erectile dysfunction and not being able to get hard at certain points in his career. And one of those points was when he was having these alleged sexual run-ins with Diddy and Cassie who in the book he did not name and mind y'all, this is, this book was written and out, you know, before a lot of the, the, the things that we know now.


But he, you know, he, he was basically, you know, recounting his experience. He didn't name them, he called them a wealthy married couple. But on the stand he revealed that, you know, he had wrote about them in the book and you know, he talked about what the premise of the book was. He talked about the encounters, he talked about the money he was paid, essentially it equaled up to him getting like $2,000 for 45 minutes at, at one point for just being there. And, and when he no longer was able to get perform and finish, he stopped getting those calls. But people are really up in arms about Kid Cudi and the fact that music artist Kid Cudi is supposed to take the stand. Now it is supposed to happen Wednesday, which is today May 21st.


But from what I'm told, because of all the other testimonies, it's unlikely that they may get to it. What will probably happen is it will happen Thursday, May 22nd, but people are divided. I think most people are like, look, Didi allegedly blew up Kid Cutty's car. That is the arson that they've been having conversations about when it comes to these charges. And if that is true, who better sit down and talk about it. But Kid Cudi himself, but a lot of people feel like Kid Cudi shouldn't get on the stand and he's selling out and he's, and I'm like, what? I Emini here, I imagine that kid Cudi the, the amount of conversation we've been having about this kid Cutty scenario and the allegations of Diddy blowing up this car and the threats and Kid Cudi being around to witness some of the alleged, you know, the results of the physical abuse because he was dealing with Cassie.


I just already knew he was getting on the stand. So that's what, you know, I'll be bringing you guys next. I'm arriving here at the court right now, so I'm about that to hop out and do the things. But I wanted to give you guys a brief update and tell y'all where we are headed next because the way y'all are at are probably on edge just by this brief description I just gave y'all. I am too. God dang it. I am too man. This is gonna be an explosive week in court. Whoa. Probably shouldn't have said explosive after talking about arson. I did not do that on purpose. Wow. This is gonna be a crazy week in court today. We're gonna hear from a psychologist who is, you know, gonna speak to a lot of the, the, you know, mental, you know, patterns and tracking and some of the, here's what probably led up to this type of thing.


Of course Diddy's team does not one that entered. They're gonna hear from, you know, agents who ran into Diddy's home, hear more from them. And we're gonna hear from an alleged former employee who says that he quit after witnessing some abuse. So there's a lot to come. So make sure you guys stay locked. Tell a friend to tell a friend the latest with Lauren La Rosa is where they need to be. Tell you guys all the time because Emini here it, at the end of the day, there's always so much to talk about and y'all could be anywhere else with anybody talking about, and y'all choose to be right here with me, all 1 million of y'all. This has been the latest of Lauren la I am Lauren la I'll see you guys in my next episode and I'll let y'all know what's going on the minute I get outta court. I got y'all. I promise You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.