
This is an IHeartPodcasts. I'm a home girl that knows a little bit about everything and everybody Did you hear that exclusive? You know she don't lie about that, right? Lauren came in. Hi. Hey y'all. What's up? It's Lauren la and this is the latest with Lauren La This is your daily dig on all things pop culture, entertainment, news, and the conversations that shake the room. Now we're doing a quick little check-in before we get into this artist interview. Yes, we have an interview Y'all love when we do the interviews here on the podcast. Back on the grind. Just checking in real quick. Coming off of Juneteenth a day off of work, sorta kind of, I'm feeling energized and ready for the weekend, more days off of work.


That won't be off of work for real, because this weekend I'm headed to Delaware. We are doing a, a gala for the HBCU Week experience. I'll be honored with Anthony Anderson. So I'll be coming back and talking to you guys a bit about that and all the things that went down there, but I'm getting ready for that. And as we get ready, I wanna, I wanna let you guys listen to this interview that me and DJ Envy did with Honey Baby. She is a, a rapper, or I'm sorry, she is a music artist. She's a singer from Jersey. Music is everywhere in New York right now. But the conversation we had with her was special because it was in celebration of Juneteenth. We did a celebrating Freedom sit down at the American Dream Mall in New Jersey. And this was a dope day. Like they had small businesses set up that you could shop from black-owned businesses.


They had an expungement clinic where people from the community could come and figure out getting, you know, their backgrounds expunged and have conversations with prosecutors about how to move forward once that's done, it was just a day full of us about us and American Dream uplifting black business, black community. There were relatives there helping people figure out if they could buy homes. And then we brought on the music and the entertainment. And Honey Baby talks a lot in this interview about her upbringing, what Juneteenth means to her. It was just fire. Take a listen. Good afternoon. How's everybody feeling? How's everybody feeling? How's everybody feeling right now? I like to welcome to the stage my brother Envy and my sister Lauren, can we get around applause please?


How y'all feeling? Y'all all right. Hey y'all. HAPPY JUNETEENTH. Y'all let slide yet to me it's slide. Y'all ain't hitting none of the slides yet. This ain't really Juneteenth. Then We gonna start in a little bit. So if you don't know, first and foremost, salute to American Dream. Who does this each and every year in Juneteenth? And it just gives us an opportunity to talk about Juneteenth, what it means to us. Do some dope panels with some dope artists. Talk about financial literacy and, and talk to different politicians and talk to different things that we need in our community. A lot of times we don't necessarily get that. So the fact that we are in the middle of the mall while people are shopping, hopefully they can stop, talk and express some of their feelings.


So first we'd like to discuss Juneteenth and what it means to each and every one of us. You know, the, the the funny thing for me about Juneteenth is it was kind of a holiday that we just started celebrating a couple of years ago, right when I was a kid, there was no Juneteenth and it just popped up. Well, envy, we know you Dominican. So I am not Dominican, I'm black. But you know, it, it came up something that we started celebrating really heavy the last couple of years and it meant a lot because, you know, for us it was like, oh, a day off of school, a day off of work. But now we have to get to the meaning of what it means and why it should be celebrated. So before we get into that, what does Juneteenth mean to you?


Juneteenth to me means seasoning. And when I say seasoning, I think about like, like we, we joke around and say like, okay, you eat in a black household, you feel full, you feel the seasonings, all of that. But when you think about it, seasoning is, its culture is death. There's substance, there's a feeling of community, of family. I think anytime you get a group of black people together and we're talking about like things that Juneteenth makes people remember, like, you know, where we came from, what we've overcome, where we're looking forward to in the future. It feels like home Juneteenth is that it's a day to just be like, you know what? I'm chilling today. I'm gonna be with my people. I'm gonna eat good, but I'm gonna feel at home and I'm gonna feel community and love and a big hug.


Yeah. So if you don't know, of course Juneteenth was the day that slaves in Texas finally found out that they were free, right? They were free before that, but that was the day that they finally found out. So for me, I like to do these events 'cause I love collaboration, right? Collaboration in my opinion is way better than competition. If we could collaborate with each other, there's so much that we can do. There's so we can go a lot further and that's what we need to start doing. As people, we look at all these different communities and for them they collaborate a lot easier, right? They, they spread the knowledge a lot better. And I think we have to do a lot of that ourselves. If we know something that can benefit your brother or your sister, we need to start talking about it a lot more.


That's why I call Lauren my sister, is if if there's anything that she's going through or I can help, I try to be there to help because I don't want her to make the same mistakes that I made. I don't want her to see the same pitfalls and the same everything. And that comes from relationship to business structure to radio. And hopefully she's doing the same with her family and that's what we need to do more. So what's one thing that you wanna see more on Juneteenth? I think I wanna see more of like, I thought that it was interesting when they were telling me what they're doing here in the mall. 'cause I didn't even know that this happened until you invited me to come. They're highlighting small businesses, there's an expungement clinic, things like that. Like things that like drip down to the people, like everyday people.


I think a lot of times when you talk about like, you know, diversity and inclusion, all these things that like affect us as black people, sometimes it's so high level that the everyday person who's just trying to figure it out in, in a real way you don't feel it, nor do you have the time to stop, stop and care. So I would love to see more things like this where you're bringing in these small businesses, you know, these different resources like an expungement clinic that actually help people that are on their day-to-day just walking through the mall that really need it. And it's right there at Arms Reach. Yeah, I agree. And I was actually talking to the prosecutor earlier and we were just talking about different things and a lot of times we are, we are bred to hate certain things, right? We are bred to hate, you know, prosecutors and attorneys. We are, we are bred to hate police officers.


But I tell everybody all the time, my dad is a retired cop. So I look at it from two different sides. When I was talking to the prosecutor, I was telling her, she was talking about expungements and doing different things And I was like, that is great and that's wonderful, but what we really need to do is do more things in the community. And she said, well what do you mean? I said, it's hard to tell a 16-year-old that if I go take that car and don't get caught, I can get $10,000 for doing it and tell him not to do it. Right. But now if we put different things in his hand, different opportunities in his hand and says, Hey, I can still make money, but I ain't gotta worry about going to jail. Those are the things that these kids need to see. Yeah. And it's not gonna come from our parents, it's gonna come from us.


Right. Because they wanna see it from us. It's like when your dad or your mom tells you something, like you really be like, all right ma, whatever, all right pops whatever. But now you that you get that same information from somebody that looks like you Yeah. The same age as you that's making this 10 times the money you all, you're le you're more likely to see it. Yeah. I, I agree with that. I also think too when you, when you set up things like what they have happening in the mall, I think kids see that like it's important because other people care about it too. 'cause a lot of times, especially nowadays with kids like my niece is she's 10 years old. A lot of what she cares about and what she thinks is important depends on who also thinks it's important. Right. And who also cares. So I think even being able to do something like this and just putting things on platforms like this, it shows kids like, oh shoot, okay, Lauren and Envy were there and all these people gathered, let me at least see what this is.


And then they learn about the small businesses and they learn about, and even what you're talking about, right? Like creating these opportunities in the community. Sometimes you got organizations that'll come in and create these opportunities, but the kids gotta, they gotta wanna go. So you gotta, I think we have to do a better job. I know like for myself, one of the things I try to do with even being from Delaware, just talk about being from Delaware because Joe Biden's from Delaware. But go ahead. But Joe Biden. But go ahead and y'all don't claim him but go ahead. Anyway, I talk about it because now you have a lot of kids who are like, okay, when I go somewhere I can say, oh I'm from Delaware And I can feel good about it. But that wasn't always a thing. 'cause we a small state, you know what Emini here, we not in New York, but just something like that.


Like people seeing you care about something makes 'em care about it. And I think when you talk about these programs, we have to actually care about them. We gotta talk about them. We gotta show up and do things like this. Whether it's at the YMCA, it's at the American Dream Mall. So the kids are like, okay, this is lit, this is where I should be. Yeah. And I also feel like we have to feed these kids and not feed like as far as food, but whatever they want to do, we have to make sure we pour Rin 'em. Right. I agree. And I say that all the time 'cause when I told my dad who was a police officer at the time that I wanted to be a dj, he was gonna smack the black off me. Envy. Why you keep giving, you keep giving me the jokes. What smack the black off you? It's not much right because you, you know you but you know what Emini here. But I wanted to do it anyway. And he poured into me regardless, even though he didn't believe.


And that's what we have to do. When my son came to me, I would say about eight years ago and said he wanted to be a streamer, I laughed. I was like a streamer. He could have been constant not Right. He could Have been Mr. Beast, Not Mr. DJ Envy mix tape dj. Right. Laughing at his someone to be early on something. But I didn't get it because I wasn't involved in it. It didn't make sense to me. It didn't make sense that you could make money playing video games all day. I was like, this is a joke. He just doing this 'cause you don't want to do your homework. But he could have been the next this. And that's what we have to start pouring. Just because we don't get it doesn't mean it's not right. Doesn't mean it's not a career. Yeah. It doesn't mean that it can't be something that they can do for long periods of time.


You know? Yeah. You're good at that. Even though you the old head. You're good at the Old head. Go ahead. You're good at, no, you're good at like understanding like when things are, well now, I don't know what happened a couple years ago with your son, but I feel like for me, like I'll, I'll have an idea or like something and you'll be like, well let's just try it. Let's just do it and then it'll work out. Sometimes it might not always work out, but it'll work out. But you're really good at being like, no, just go ahead, go try it. Go do it. You gotta try it, you gotta do it. Well A lot of times I'd rather invest in my friends and family than invest in something that I don't know. 'cause if my friends and family connect, no matter what happens in this world, they always come back and get you, you know? Oh yeah. Yeah. A hundred percent. Man this is so beautiful.


Look at us. It's Juneteenth. That's right. Did y'all listen to Sounds of Blackness this morning? What y'all do this morning? Yes you did. Okay. I did too. I woke up like I'm black y'all. I'm black. Y'all Blackity Black. No, black. Black. Y'all. Yes. This is so beautiful. Now we have a special guest that we gonna bring out and talk to. But yeah, ready? Yeah. We're getting her mic. This is actually the first time I'm meeting this individual. Oh this is my girl. She put me in a music video. What? Yes. I'm a whole video vixen out here. Yes. So now you a video vixen. First of all Ben Bend. Okay. I just had to start dressing different when I got a job. All all right. But yes Honey Baby, y'all know Honey Baby.


Yes. Honey Baby is, oh we're gonna put her on chair. Okay Honey Baby. I met her a few years ago actually talking about community and black things and, and all things black. So I went to HBCU, Delaware State University and one of Honey baby's managers or management team members actually went to school with me. So she came to me and was like, yo, I'm quitting my job. I'm about to manage this artist. And I was like, okay, what does that look like? What does that mean? And she was like, we're gonna start a company. We're gonna manage this artist and I'm gonna just figure it out Years later, like probably like what it's been like maybe two years later her artist is Honey Baby, this is the artist she was talking about. And they're, they're everywhere and they're moving. Okay. She's like, she, I feel like when I listen to Honey Baby she is New York, it's very, she, she throws a lot back to the nineties and the vibes of the nineties and we gonna get into the things.


But if y'all can't tell I'm a huge fan of Honey Baby. She from Jersey. She's from Jersey. I don, I didn't Know that. Don't up Jersey in New York. I didn't know she was from Jersey. She give Say didn't try to do your jersey. I did not know she was from Jersey. Oh, Jersey is here. Sad. Try to do your jersey Okay. Yeah. Can you play Honey Baby record right fast. So that's it. Turn it up a little bit. There we go.


Hey girl. Give it up for Honey Baby. One time. You always look so good. Thank you. You too. Look at her. Y'all ain't she so cute to meet you. I love the blonde over here. Right here? Yeah, they gave you a chair. Can y'all, y'all got a mic for Honey Baby? Hey girl. Hey, how You doing? What's up? Hey Guys. So for people that don't know, where are you from? Miss Honey baby. I'm From Jersey. I'm from Area. Jersey. I thought you, I did not know that. I thought you were from New York. Everybody thinks I'm from New York. Yeah. Y'all be trying to claim me. I'm not from New York. She From Delaware.


Delaware. They trying to claim everybody. Nobody. So how did you get into singing? What? What got you into singing? What was your inspiration and everything? I was just around music a lot when I was younger And I don't know, I just grew an attachment to it. I was always singing every chance I got. And how did you get your deal? What got you signed and you got your ya dear Me hello? No, but I don't know my team and then you know me as a artist, they like, I make good music And I got good energy so I'm a superstar. There You go. I was telling them before you came out here that we, we were talking about like just community and all things black and it being Juneteenth and I'm like there I met you through Jamila who works on your management team and me and her went to A-H-B-C-U together.


And that's the beauty of having community because she came to me a while back, I was like, y'all, I about to quit my job And I'm about to manage this artist. We about to start managing artists. And I was like, okay, be just let me know like what I don dunno what that looks like but just let me know. And then I started hearing your music everywhere when I moved to New York And I remember I saw her post you one day And I was like, this is the artist. And she was like, yeah. I was like yo, she is so fire. Like she's such a vibe. But to see her journey as on the management side and then to see your journey on the artist side is really beautiful to watch because you guys are figuring it out together. Yeah. Talk about that Emini here. It's a lot, it's a lot of trial and error for me and my management.


It's just, I don't know like it's a lot. It's kind of just hard to explain because so much goes on behind the scenes. There's so many strings that are being pulled and you know, outside of like just making music. It's so much that people don't see. We're just going with the flow. Do you love it? Do you love the music industry? Safe Paul? I love it. Okay. Like I wouldn't wanna do anything else like no thank you. I'll stay here. Okay. What did you, when you talk about it being a lot behind the scenes, I know creatively you're really involved in like your video setups and all that. We did a video together. Yeah. So talk about what She was a video vixen in your Video. Yes. She was in left eye. Didn't her do good? She was in, yeah, she did really good. Yes, it was.


So the video for Left Eye, which we're gonna talk about the video is, is about her getting upset. She finds out her man is, you know, doing the things. So she calls her homegirls like, yo, we need to handle this. We gotta, the house need to be set on fire. We got some things we need to do. I was crashing out. I'm, I'm a good crash out friend I pulled up. But I being on that set with you and seeing how, you know, you and your team are so hands on. What's the planning process for you? What's your, what's kicks off your creative process? I don't know, I got a big imagination. My brain just be running Rapid all day. So I just come up with ideas. I sometimes write them down or I just tell somebody like if like whoever the video director is, I'll tell them my idea.


We share ideas and I'll make a template for them and then I'll just have them clean it up. Like, I don't know, it just, it could be whatever the song is about, make the video about it or if I wanna do something different. Like I just try to make it make sense, make it look good. So we are here for Juneteenth. So what does Juneteenth mean to you and the fact that your community support you so much, Being black is beautiful, Period. Period. Now the fact that you've got so much support so fast and, and that people are supporting you and your record is playing. What does that mean? 'cause it takes all this years and they don't connect, but you have been connecting and people really been messing with you.


So what does that mean for you? That means that I must be doing something right And I'm glad that people are enjoying my music and I'm glad that it's connecting because you know, everybody goes through a phase where it's like, what am I doing? How am I gonna do this? How am I gonna get people to like, to like rock with me? And now it's like starting to happen now, but it feels really good. It feels really, really, really good. And what artist would you love to work with that you haven't got a chance to work with yet? Drake. Okay. Alright. Drake. Just Drake. Drake. Drake. And more? Drake. Drake. Besides. Besides Drake. Anybody else? Kayani. Okay. And And Miley Cyrus. Miley Cyrus. Alright, I love that.


I can start that. Shocked you. Yeah, that shocked me. Emini here you went. Drake and this one and then Molly Cyrus all next Taylor Swift next. No. Yeah. Okay. All right. Yeah. Alright. Alright. BET awards. You just did the one of the pre-show stages with Lil Kim. Yeah. What was that like? 'cause a lot of your music gives os to, you know, the nineties and the like all quiet storm vibes and all those things. It was crazy. It didn't like really hit me until I got to the stage And I was like, oh wow, what did I just sign myself up for? Like with all the cameras and stuff like that. But it was really dope especially being on stage with Kim and like how iconic she is. And not a lot of people could say that they did that. That was like really crazy. The, the prep for it was a lot too.


Like I was exhausted, I was running off adrenaline all day. I was just like ta ta ta ta ta ta Ta Like Sonic the Hedgehog. Now you also performing here next weekend or this weekend coming up, how was that for you? Because I'm sure you grew up on Summer Jam. So now that you're actually performing in there, how was that for you? I did Summer Jam last year, but I didn't like have my own set. They like had it like set up a certain way, but now I have my own set this year so I'm so excited. I actually was never allowed to go to Summer Jam when I was younger. Wow. My brother because my brother wasn't having it. Got you. Like you not going to what you, what you doing at Summer Jam? I'm not mad at you. I'm not Mad at her. Yeah. So my first time ever at Summer Jam was me performing at Summer Jam. Wow.


Yeah. So what, what was that like? So Emini here during the last year and that being your first time, now you're artist. What, what was the whoa moment for you? Well last year a lot of people knew me and knew my music so that was like kind of shocking to me. 'cause I like, I always underestimate myself. Like I go out to like places or like performances and it's like so many big people there And I'm like oh okay. Like I'm nervous. Like what if there's like, what if it's just crickets in there? But I go out and like everybody's like singing and like recording me and like I go on Instagram like there's people like making these wy ass videos. So yeah I'm like yeah see Now she's out here. We're gonna open up the phone line. Well I was gonna say the phone line, open up the Phone line, the radio, if not At work phone line.


I don think I'm at work, I'm always at work. We're gonna open up a little bit and ask if you guys have any questions, you just raise your hand and we'll get some questions for you guys as well. So when is your new project dropping? It dropped already May 30th. Right? You Ain you ain't come by The Breakfast Club so we ain't know y'all ain't have me On The Breakfast Club. You be scared. We tell you anytime you wanna come me anytime you wanna come. I Could come on Monday. I don't know about Monday but Exactly. You scared of me? No I'm serious. You scared of me. Monday Might work Monday I, I'll talk to man, I've been waiting to get on The Breakfast Club. All right. Monday might work. We might bring you Monday. I Just looking 'cause I'm like Vy you told her that she will come, she will show up on Monday and be expecting her interview. She can come On up. But talk about the new the the new EP Raw Honey, right?


Yeah, may, May 30th it drops. Yes. Yes. So talk about 'cause Raw Honey to me it sounds like okay you're exposing yourself a bit more, giving a bit more of yourself but you are already are so open in your music. So what is Raw Honey like? It's me kind of just like taking a little bit more control and being a little bit more vulnerable and you know, having a little bit more fun with it it and not making it so sad like so many people don't know me yet and the people that do, I don't think they've got to see like certain sides of me. It's always like very like slow like go to bed music and that's just not me at all. That's not even like, that's not me at all. Like Raw Honey is the real raw uncut version of me.


Like bad or good, like take it or leave it type vibe. Got you. Now in Raw Honey, 'cause one, one of the things that you did with some of your last projects were you were able to bridge the gap between like the quiet storm era and where we are today. So like that nineties vibe with where we are today on East Coast Music, that's a big like shoe to step in Raw Honey. Are we seeing any generational bridges on this project? Emini here? Yeah 'cause Left Eye is on there. Like tricks for you is on there. So there's definitely some music like that. But I definitely started to go out of that box too 'cause I didn't wanna be stuck in that box. Right. So I took the opportunity to take this project to just show people that I'm capable of more than just that.


Are you a type of artist too that like, 'cause stepping out of that box, so you sing but are you a type of artist too that will try different like ways of expressing musically like rap or No, you don't try. Are there people that try to push you to, because from, you know, your energy gives rap artists. Do people tell you that? Yeah. Yes. Like your energy gives Rap Girl a hundred percent. So I don't know if you've ever like tried it. That's what made me ask you that. I did it before but like I don't, that's not like a route I wanna go like I'm a singer. Like that's just who I am at heart. God didn't gimme this voice for no reason, now I'm gonna use this mug. Well let's talk a little bit about too about any community advocacy. So Honey Baby, this year going into 2026 being from Jersey.


Yeah, I just learned that. What is, what is community for you and what are you looking to do in the community advocacy wise? I feel like community means a lot. Especially like when it comes to kids because it takes a village and you know you wanna be, you want your kids to be in certain environments that will uplift them. And where I come from, it's a really small town and it's just a lot going on. So I'm ready to give back now that I'm able to, especially when it comes to school. 'cause I remember when I was in school, like there were kids that didn't have anything and we didn't really have like those give backs, those giveaways. Like we never had that in my neighborhood. Yeah. At all. So I feel like now that I'm able to do that, I wanna start pushing more towards that and just helping the people who are less fortunate, especially from where I'm from because again, we, we just don't have that out there.


We don't have any of that. And it's kind of just like fem for yourself, tie, vibe, And I don't think that's cool. Well let's take some questions if you don't mind. Does anybody out there got any questions? I'll Go. I saw one girl. Is she gonna walk out? There? She went. Any questions out there at all? Don't be shy, girl. On the green. Next time y'all see Honey Baby there's gonna be 10,000 people here and you ain't gonna be able to ask one question so, Oh, we lost her. It was a little baby girl on the green. She said she had a question. Don't know where SISs is at. No, not at all. I think Armand has a question. Okay. Oh yeah, go ahead. Ask your question. Okay, so You gotta stand and let them know who you are.


Hey honey, baby. Okay, so I, my question is, what was the process like working with Little Kim? It was, it was pretty smooth when it came to like left eye. She hit us up. Like she loved the record so much and she wanted to meet me and we've grown like a really great relationship. Like she's like my sister now. Like I could just call her whenever I want to, which is so fucking weird. But it's so cool. But the process of working with her definitely was like, it was very smooth. It was just very like girly vibes. Okay. Can you give us like an inside joke? You guys share something funny that we might not know or might not get?


Oh yeah. You got one? Hmm. I might, I might, I might, I might. I'm gonna, I'm gonna get back to you on that. On you trying to get me, oh there's another question back. You trying to get me Honey. Baby Envy and Little Kim are really close too. Yeah, That's my homie. That's my, that's my homie now. That's my homie. That's my homie Now that's my, we have another question. So you gotta say your name. My name is true. Hi true. I was, I was wondering if you have any dream directors that you would like to work with? Yes. Hype Williams. Yeah. Are you familiar with Haji films? Haji World? No, you gotta put me on. I definitely do. You should look him up.


Hogie World is like the H Hype Williams of our time right now. Okay, I got, I gotta look that up. You write that down, write that down. Hype Williams is a a great vibe for you, right? For Yeah. 'cause you embody that, that era today. Very today. Once the Define me. Hi. Hi. My question is, what made you choose the name Honey Baby. Great question. That's a good question. Great question because I'm sweet. Sweet. Okay. Thank you. She's very sweet. Alright. Thank you. Thank you. That was a good question. That was the PG answer. I'm sure I got a little nervous when, when she looked over and she, she I see. She paused. I'm like, oh what is she about to say? Yep, yep, yep.


Another question. Hmm. Oh, right here. I thought Salia had one. Yes. Hello? My question is for other young women and men that want to go into the industry that are looking at you now, what advice would you give them To just get a really good team and get people that you can trust and that have your best interest at heart and people who are gonna protect you from what's going on in the industry. I think that's just really, really, really important because that right there will kind of, what is the word I'm looking for?


What is the word I'm looking for? I don't know. Like if you got good people around you in a good seat, It motivate You. It's not like motivating, it's just like that'll set the tone. It'll set the tone for the rest of your career basically. Oh, got you. Like how people deal with you and like what you like your level of like what you're trying to achieve. Yeah. Like who's around you and what they do and how they help you and the way that they, like they treat you. Yes. That will set the tone for your career. Otherwise it'll go to shambles. What's one thing you learned from the industry? One thing learned, you learned from the industry. Yep. Side being myself gets me a lot farther than I thought it would. Oh wow. That's a good when you, when you realize you need to be yourself. At what point when I started being myself, when I realized that like I didn't have to dumb down myself.


Like I was getting a lot more opportunities and people were liking me a lot more when I was just like, like this is who I am. Alright, well let's get into her other record. You gonna play left eye? Whatever. You got it. You. You don't got the video. Give her a round of applause one time y'all honey, baby, one time. Make sure y'all streamer supporter. Make sure y'all definitely check her out. Okay y'all, I will see you guys in my next episode. The next episode. Of course we getting back to the trending topics, but I tell you guys all the time you could be anywhere with anybody talking about these things. 'cause at the end of the day there is always a lot to talk about and y'all choose to be right here with me each time.


I appreciate you guys Lowriders And I will see you in the next episode. This is an iHeartPodcasts.