
Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in. And with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light, it's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather pointed seats are optional features. Time is precious and so are our pets.


So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments. And shipping is always free. With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care. Something unexpected happened after Jeremy Scott confessed to killing Michelle Schofield in Bone Valley Season one. Every time I hear about my dad is, oh, he's a killer. He's just straight evil.


I was becoming the bridge between Jeremy Scott and the son he'd never known. At the end of the day, I'm literally a son of a killer. Listen to new episodes of Bone Valley Season two on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hunting for Answers is a production of the Black Effect Podcast network. And iHeartRadio. Welcome to Hunting for Answers, a True Crime podcast. I'm your host Hunter, and today's case takes us to Atlanta, Georgia, where a story of heartbreak, resilience, and devastating loss unfolded. This case surrounds a mother and activist and a voice for justice.


What began as a Missings person's report would soon a unravel into something far more chilling. This is the story of Chanel Crosby. July 14th, 2024. 30 5-year-old Chanel was reported missing by her family. They hadn't heard from her since She left for a trip to Macon, Georgia with her boyfriend. Five Days later, on July 19th, police responded to a disturbing call, an unresponsive person found in a parked vehicle near the West End Marti Station.


Inside they discovered Chanel's body. She was no longer alert, no longer breathing. And according to a Fulton County medical examiner's report, her body showed signs of decomposition. She had been dead for days and the cause of death. A single gunshot wound to the head, her death was ruled a homicide. For many this news was shocking. For those who knew Chanel, it was devastating. For many, this news was shocking. For those who knew Chanel, it was devastating.


But for those who really knew her story, it was painfully familiar because Chanel had lived through the unimaginable. In September, 2022, her 13-year-old son, Jamin Crosby was shot and killed just minutes away from their home in Lithonia, Georgia, Jamin was a straight A student arising football star, and his death shattered The World. Earlier that same year in April, Janelle's brother Rio Polo Giles was also found fatally shot inside an apartment building on Martin Luther King Drive in Atlanta just after winning $4,000 at a slot machine.


No arrests were made in either case, and now Chanel was gone too. The first two years of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape and your world cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's the good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Silverado is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing massager, seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions, take you in the skyline, views that let the sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bolds premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert.


Plus, with a 64 colored personalized light option, you can set the mood any way you want, be it romantic, chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world, because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive an all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features, But Chanel didn't just grieve. She fought in the months after her son Seth. She started a family foundation focused on gun violence, police brutality, and community service. She marched, organized, and spoke out relentlessly demanding justice for her son.


There are people out there who know what happened to said, refusing to let her son's memory fade away. Was this a targeted act of violence against her or something darker? Her boyfriend was the last known person to see her alive. Authorities have not named any suspects and no arrests have been made. And so far there are no updates from the Atlanta Police Department. On the progress of the investigation. Her death, like her sons and her brothers remains a crowded in mystery. Three lives, three shootings, no justice.


The pain felt by Chanel's family is immeasurable. I can imagine her community is still reeling and the silence from investigators only defends the wound Who killed Chanel Crosby. Why and will anyone ever be held accountable? As of now, Chanel's case remains unsolved. My thoughts and prayers go out to Chanel's family and friends. I hope one day they're able to receive the closure that they deserve. Chanel's story isn't just a heartbreaking tragedy, but it's a glaring reminder of the devastating impacts of gun violence in our communities.


Anyone with information about Chanel's case to contact Crime Stoppers Atlanta, or visit stop crime atl.org, you can find that information in the description box below low. As we close out this episode, don't forget to hit the follow button to stay updated on this case and others like it. Be sure to subscribe to Hunting for Answers on YouTube and follow us on Instagram and TikTok for more true crime. And if you enjoy this episode, leave us a five star rating. Thank you so much for joining us on another episode.


Until next time, Hunting for Answers is a production of the Black Effect Podcast Network. For more podcasts from the Black Effect Podcast network, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows. Time Is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day.


Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free. With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care. Bettering your business takes working with the best. With the James Hardy Alliance, you gain access to leads, training, networking, and support from the number one brand of siding in North America. Achieve new levels of success by joining the James Hardy Alliance today. Something unexpected happened after Jeremy Scott confessed to killing Michelle Schofield in Bone Valley Season one. Every time I hear about my dad is, oh, he's a killer. He's just straight evil.


I was becoming the bridge between Jeremy Scott and the son he'd never known. At the end of the day, I'm literally a son of a killer. Listen to new episodes of Bone Valley Season two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.