
Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could just escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


When you haven't found love, it can feel like everyone else has. It's in every movie, every song, and all the PDA looking for love sucks. Thankfully, California psychics can give you the guidance you need to find the one. We guarantee if your reading is isn't life changing, it's free and new customers receive 20 minutes for just $20. Visit California psychics.com and experience the joy of certainty, California psychics.


Hey, it's Amy Brown from the Bobby Bone Show. Join me in supporting St. Jude Children's Research Hospital for a chance to win a trip to meet Megan Maroney at the 2025 iHeart Country Festival in Austin, Texas on May 3rd, hosted by Bobby Bones. We're gonna hook you up with tickets, flights, hotel, food credits, and a meet and greet with Megan Maroney. Take action now to support St. Jude and help cure childhood cancer and you're gonna be entered for a chance to win. Visit iHeart country trip.com to learn more Peace to the planet. I go by the name of Charlamagne THA God, and guess what? I can't wait to see y'all at the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival. That's right. We're coming back to Atlanta, Georgia Saturday, April 26th at Pullman Yards, and it's hosted by none other than Decisions.


Decisions. Mandy B and Wheezy. Okay, we got the RB Money Podcast with Tank and Jay Valentine. We got the Woman of All podcast with Sarah Jake Roberts. We got good moms bad choices. Carrie Champion will be there with her Neck and Sports podcast and the Trap Nerd Podcast with more to be announced. And of course, it's bigger than podcasts. We're bringing the black effect marketplace with black-owned businesses plus the Food truck court to keep you fed while you visit us. All right, listen, you don't want to miss this. Tap in and grab your tickets now at black effect.com/podcast. Festival. Hunting for Answers is a production of the Black Effect Podcast network and iHeartRadio. Welcome to Hunting for Answers, a True Crime podcast.


I'm your host Hunter, and today's case takes us into the unsolved disappearance of a California woman who seemed to just vanish into thin air just Days before Christmas. In 1994, a woman whose final days were shrouded in threat and mystery and a woman who knew she was in danger. This is the story of Mary Ann Johnson. Maryanne was born on July 21st, 1939. She was just 54 years old when her life took a terrifying turn. In the days leading up to her disappearance, she received a visit from two men, men sent to do her harm.


They had been hired for one purpose to break her legs for a payout of $800, but instead of following through, they issued her a warning instead. But who had sent them And why was Maryanne targeted? They never said why, but Maryanne was left with a gut wrenching fear that danger might be close by. On December 19th, 1994, Maryanne left her job at Robinson's May department store in Los Angeles. She told coworkers she was meeting her estranged husband, Andrew Johnson the following day.


But when police questioned Andrew, his story didn't match up. He claimed they had spoken that day, but had no plans to meet. Were they reconciling after their separation in 1993 or was there something else lying beneath the surface? The Johnsons weren't just former spouses, they were business partners. The first two months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape and your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's the good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Mur Ronald is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features.


Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Taking the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right and with the Bolds premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus, with the 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want, be it romantic, chill, or in straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in the chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


They co-owned Louisiana West, a restaurant in Van Nuys, California, which had closed down just before Maryanne disappeared. Was this a connection? A week after she was last seen, a disturbing discovery was made. Maryanne's Black, 1988 Chevrolet Corvette was found abandoned in the restaurant's parking lot. Her keys were still inside. The doors were locked, but Maryanne was nowhere in sight. More than three decades have passed and still no witnesses, no name suspects, and no answers.


Yet the eerie circumstances surrounding her disappearance still remain a mystery At the time she vanished. Mary Ann Johnson stood five feet, seven inches tall, weighing 150 pounds. She had reddish brown hair, brown eyes, and pierced ears. What she was last seen wearing is unknown along with any x-ray records. Today, Maryanne would be 85 years old. Anyone with information about Maryanne Johnson's case should contact the Los Angeles Police Department Adult Missing Persons Unit or their local authorities.


Their contact information, including the agency case number, can be found in the description box below. As we wrap up this episode, don't forget to hit the follow button to stay updated on this case and others like it. Also, be sure to subscribe to Hunting for Answers on YouTube and stay connected with us on Instagram and TikTok. Thank you so much for joining us on another episode. Until next time, Hunting for Answers is a production of the Black Effect Podcast Network.


For more podcasts from the Black Effect Podcast network, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows, Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down, the all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging.


Leather appointed seats are optional features. When You haven't found love, it can feel like everyone else has. It's in every movie, it every song, and all the PDA looking for love sucks. Thankfully, California psychics can give you the guidance you need to find the one. We guarantee if your reading isn't life changing, it's free and new customers receive 20 minutes for just $20. Visit California psychics.com and experience the joy of certainty California psychics.


PayPal lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the beanbag chair? Aren't we getting Emini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, yes, that's smart. Glad We can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool.