
This is an iHeartPodcasts.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income. Census tracts also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do Wells Fargo Bank, NA member FDIC


This season? Let your shoes do The Talking Designer Shoe Warehouse is packed with fresh styles that speak to your whole vibe without saying a word from cool sneakers that look good with everything, the easy sandals you'll wanna wear on repeat. The ssw has you covered. Find a shoe forever you from the brands you love, like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, new Balance, and more. Head to your DSW store or visit dsw.com. Today


At California psychics, we know some people can't read the career warning signs like your boss still not knowing your name. You, Tina, Lisa, Sheila, whatever. Get that report to me by lunch. Okay, it's Carrie ma'am. Just get it done Terry. So talk to California psychics and receive the career guidance you need. We only connect you with the very best. So guaranteed. If your reading isn't life changing, it's free California psychics. Call one 800. Predict today and get 20 minutes for just $20.


Hunting For Answers is a production of the Black Effect Podcast Network and iHeartRadio. Welcome to Hunting for Answers, a True Crime podcast. I'm your host Hunter, and today's episode Marks the beginning of our three part series about a Tennessee woman's life that was tragically cut short in the fall of 2014. It's a case with extremely haunting circumstances that remains unsolved till this day and left a family desperately searching for answers a decade later. In this series, I spoke to some of those who knew her best, her three siblings.


Their memories paint a picture of a vibrant life even as they continue searching for the truth behind its sudden end. This is the story of Nina Cook. In October, 2014, a woman's remains were discovered in an abandoned church building in Whitehaven, a town nestled in Memphis, Tennessee through dental records and a recognizable surgical rod in her leg. The remains were identified as 28-year-old Nina Cook, a vibrant young woman with budding dreams and ambitions.


She did pageants obtained her real estate license, even began her own trucking company, a dedicated, loving sister. The type to never miss sending a birthday card and a second mother to her younger siblings was suddenly gone for whereabouts, unknown for months. But before we dive into the timeline and circumstances surrounding Nina's untimely death, we must first understand who she was and the profound impact she had on those around her. Nina grew up in Memphis with her siblings.


While each had different relationships with her, they all shared one common thread. Nina's deep love for her family, her older sister, Lydia remembers her childhood, made so much brighter because of Nina. So I would say that my relationship with my sister growing up, my childhood was so much better because she was in it. We spent a lot of time together in Memphis, but I think my dad, the most memorable times were when my dad would come and get both of us and we would travel together.


So riding in the backseat of the car, getting in trouble for giggling too much the whole way. The road trips that we would take, whether it was to Florida or Kentucky, putting on our makeup together in the bathroom taking too long, or my dad wanted us to get ready really fast, making fun of the fact that he kept making us eat wheat bread. We had tons of inside jokes and we were always getting in trouble together because we could not stop laughing. The bond between these sisters was evident to anyone who saw them together. Nina was a very affectionate person and never shy about showing love to those who meant a lot to her.


I loved how affectionate she was. She was always holding my hand, always calling me boo, rubbing my face, wanting to do my hair. So we have tons of pictures and memories together where we're walking through the mall, we're at the park. No matter where we were, we were captured holding hands from the back. So we were just like two peas in a pod. One memory, Lydia shared with Nina took place at a Kentucky Park. One of the funniest moments we had was we were trying to get away from dad at this park. It's a huge park in Kentucky that he would always take us to, and so we convinced him to pay for us to get on the paddle boats.


So we're on the paddle boats, right? And we were young, we were teenagers. We get on the paddle boat and dad's like, you know, you have X amount of time to be on these paddle boats and make sure you're back over here. We were like, okay, yeah, yeah, yeah. So we get on the paddle boats and we were, we went with the intention of taking a long time to just really, you know, share with one another and kind of make dad a little mad. But we got stuck. We were tired and we got stuck in the middle of the lake. So we took much, much longer than we originally expected, but we were laughing so hard we could not get up enough strength to move the paddle boat to the other side.


And we thought we were gonna have to call for help.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field, or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community, and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been, because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks, and nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income. Census tracts, also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the bank of doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do Wells Fargo bank, NA member FDIC,


Ever had a thought like, is my partner the one maybe we should break up since I'm not sure, even though I'm happy? Or what if I lose control and hurt someone with this knife, even though I don't want to. I should hide all the knives and maybe stop cooking. I'm Nicole Raffi. I have OCD and that's what OCD actually looks like. Not the stereotypes about cleanliness. Real OCD overwhelms with unwanted distressing thoughts and you feel compelled to do something about these thoughts just to function. It's exhausting and isolating, but more common than you'd think and highly treatable with the right therapy. OCD needs specialized therapy, not standard talk therapy, which can make it worse. OCD is the world's largest provider of specialized treatment for OCD. Their treatments are highly trained. They offer virtual sessions and support between sessions, and they're covered by insurance for over 155 million Americans. If this sounds familiar, visit no cd.com for a free call to learn how they can help. That's NOC d.com.


At California psychics, we know some people can't read the career warning signs like your boss still not knowing your name. You, Tina, Lisa, Sheila, whatever. Get that report to me by lunch. Okay, it's Carrie ma'am. Just get it done Terry. So talk to California psychics and receive the career guidance you need. We only connect you with the very best. So guarantee if your reading isn't life changing, it's free California psychics, call 1-800-PREDICT today and get 20 minutes for just $20.


Those seemingly small moments like running off in a paddle boat with your sister have become some of the most treasured memories that Lydia has held close. While Lydia experienced Nina as a sister and best friend, Nina's younger siblings, Kenya, and Chris knew a different side of her after their mother passed away, Nina stepped into more of a parental role. Kenya says, Having her as an older sister was great. She did a lot for me. I think for me, And I can't speak for Chris, but like I'm hearing Amanda talk about all the handholding and the lovey-dovey stuff and, And I think for us, we had her more as a parental figure, so it was like she was kind of more a mom figure to us.


So we didn't really get a whole lot of the, the handhold and all that because my mom passed away. Think I was 17, but even before then, she was not as far as present in our, in our household. She was not there due to her own struggles. So she definitely took on that role of making sure we had what we needed, clothes and making sure we had what we needed for school, and just trying to support us in any way she could. Showing up for stuff for school, helping us buy clothes, supporting us through for me through college, helping with prom, things like that. Just being there, you know, to talk to, fussing at me like Amanda said, For Chris who was much younger, Nina was everything.


Christmas was particularly special with her around. He remembers how she always embodied the spirit of the season. Woo. So what was my relationship like with my big sister? In a word, I can just describe her as Santa Claus. That was my Santa Claus. Pretty much anything that I needed or wanted or didn't even know that I need, she was there, you know, very involved with my school Emini here. Just one of the earliest memories I can remember from like second, third grade, fourth grade, just randomly just pop in.


I went to Ottawa Elementary and just randomly she would pop in, you know, just on the last period, you know, just to let people know that was around the time, you know, dealing with the loss of a mother in like oh six. You know, she took a really, really involved hand, especially in my upbringing, letting people know, you know, he does have family, he does have support. We do show up for him. Nina didn't just provide material things. She was invested in Kris's education and future. She pushed him to excel even during summer break. I remember in her apartments, she kept a room specifically for me.


So, you know, I had real prince treatment going over there, you know, games. I had my Spider-Man hole set up everything that I needed over there. So in the event that I was with her, I could study. She was really on me about my academia, even in summertime where I think I'm supposed to be chilling. She's like, no, you need to know about the great black inventors. I'm like, siz great black inventors. I'm, I'm eight, I'm nine. What? I wanna play video games. I wanna go out with my friends. Like, she's like, no, you need to know who invented this, this, that, and that, And I need a research paper from you. At the end of July, Nina understood and explained some of the realities her younger brother might face and made it her mission to help prepare him as much as possible.


One of the things that she would always preach to me is that as a black man, you oftentimes would have to work twice as hard and really to just continue to push my good grades. My sister was an inspiration, much like Kenya in the sense that a lot of people don't know. I looked at her old report cards. She didn't make nothing lower than a 3.8 GPA. I spent a lot of time with her. There wasn't a weekend that I can remember from about eight to right up in the time of, you know, her passing and different things, and she was just, you know, city to city, state to state. You know, she would travel a lot that I wasn't with her on a weekend.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field, or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community, and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been, because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks, and nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income. Census tracts, also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the bank of doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do Wells Fargo bank, NA member FDIC,


Ever had a thought like, is my partner the one, maybe we should break up since I'm not sure, even though I'm happy? Or what if I lose control and hurt someone with this knife, even though I don't want to. I should hide all the knives and maybe stop cooking. I'm Nicole Raffi. I have OCD and that's what OCD actually looks like, not the stereotypes about cleanliness. Real OCD overwhelms with unwanted, distressing thoughts, and you feel compelled to do something about these soft just to function. It's exhausting and isolating, but more common than you'd think and highly treatable with the right therapy. OCD needs specialized therapy, not standard talk therapy, which can make it worse. OCD is the world's largest provider of specialized treatment for OCD. Their treatments are highly trained. They offer virtual sessions and support between sessions, and they're covered by insurance for over 155 million Americans. If this sounds familiar, visit no cd.com for a free call to learn how they can help. That's NOC d.com.


At California psychics, we know that sometimes you can wake up thinking, Ugh, I don't know if I'm in the right career. Ew, we're the right relationship. But whatever your life dilemma at California psychics, we'll give you the guidance you need to feel certain about your life choices. And because we only connect you with the very best, we guarantee, if your reading isn't life changing, it's free California psychics. Visit California psychics.com today for limited time offers.


The consistent theme in her loved one's memories is Nina's unwavering presence, love, and dedication. Despite having her own life and ambitions, she always made sure her family never felt alone. But beyond her role as a daughter, sister, and caregiver to her younger siblings, Nina Cook was a young woman with big dreams and passions. Kenya describes her as a driven and charismatic person who knew exactly who she was. Very confident, I would say very much knew who she was.


Very much a hustler in a good way. Very much driven, goal oriented, just, she just was very, very charismatic. She made friends easily. Very supportive. A girl's girl, for sure. Yeah, Emini here. I think anyone who knows her, or even just meeting her, she could make you feel comfortable and just confident. She was just a, a good person overall. Good, good personality. Nina had a big personality and always kept it real to those around her.


But one quality. Kenya misses, I would say probably her sense of humor at, at times, looking back, some of the stuff I didn't think was funny in the moment. She was very, very loving and bossy though, but in a good way. But she's definitely very opinionated and will give you her opinion unsolicited, no matter what. She didn't care if you liked it or not. I, I miss just her sassiness, how outspoken she was, and just, he knew it was coming from a good place, even if the delivery wasn't the sweetest or softest.


She was very, very outspoken and a blunt person. So you definitely have to have tough skin. But she's gonna tell you the truth. Lydia recalls Nina's creativity and how she always made room to forgive. I admired her generosity, her capacity to love and forgive. She was very forgiving. She had a, a really big heart. But also her, her tenacity and her drive. She was super driven, very creative. It was really important to her to take care of everyone around her, especially her siblings.


Like she loved us. Sometimes she would try to act like the, the big sister to me, she was the big sister to Chris and Kenya. Sometimes she would try to tell me, you know, what I needed to do and how I need to live my life, and how you gonna raise these kids and make sure you love on 'em enough? And she was, you know, she's very fierce. But her capacity to forgive and love and her generosity is probably what, what sticks out the most? Something Kenya believes many people might have overlooked about Nina. Just her good intentions. She wanted to do a lot.


You know, she had a lot of goals and ideas and dreams, wanting to own her own trucking company. I don't think many people know that. She had started to develop a trucking company called Stratosphere Carriers, and she wanted to be a freight broker. I think a lot of people probably don't know how smart and intelligent she was, because she's very beautiful. And so people would probably look at her and automatically assume, you know, superficial things. They didn't know that she's very intelligent and very smart and very business, a lot of business savvy, and just very much about, you know, development and growth.


So I think that gets overlooked. Nine of Nina's interests weren't only limited to business. However, Chris reveals a side of his sister. That few might have known about The love of basketball. I don't think many people realize that she was an avid basketball fan, even if she couldn't play, she loved the game. One of the first stories that she told me about was about a little known guy named Michael Jordan. So he played for the Chicago Bulls, and she would tell me, he was like, she was like, man, Chris, like, you know, bedtime stories.


Jordan used to fly through the air, and I'm talking about, what do you mean? He says, fly? It's like, no, he would float so high. And I'm thinking like literally this guy's flying through the air, the infamous free throw line dunk. I don't know. Y'all can look it up on YouTube where the Jordan logo was formed. She loved that memory of Michael Jordan. So I don't think many people realize how much of a sports fan she was. This picture painted by Nina Siblings reveals a multifaceted woman, nurturing yet ambitious, beautiful, yet intelligent, strict, yet loving, indirect, yet forgiving with all of these recollections.


It's almost impossible not to imagine Nina's future. She had ambition, drive, and her desire to build something substantial. Like most, she had a vision for her future, but what happened to derail that future? And most importantly, who is responsible for her death and why? But her capacity to forgive and love and her generosity is probably what, what sticks out the most? The qualities that make nine is special. Her generosity, her forgiveness, her trust may have also made her vulnerable, but we're getting ahead of ourselves for now.


We need to understand that Nina Cook wasn't just another statistic. She was a woman who left an impact on everyone around her. You know, she would give you the shirt off her back. You know, she was such a giving and caring person. You know, there would be times randomly where she would just come check in on me, Kenya, my grandmother, you know, just dropping money off, dropping so much money off. In fact, you know that, you know, she would just give it all out to her family. Just such a giving, caring person about her family. Her family was really her world.


In part two of this series, we'll dive into the circumstances surrounding Nina's initial disappearance, those last conversations with loved ones, and a horrifying discovery that led to a years long investigation. Anyone with information regarding Nina Cook's case to contact the Memphis Police Department, their number can be found in the description box below. As we close out this episode, don't forget to hit the follow button to stay updated on this case and others like it. Subscribe to Hunting for Answers on YouTube to watch the visuals to this episode, and follow us on Instagram and TikTok for more true crime updates.


And if you enjoyed this episode, leave us a five star rating. Thank you so much for joining us on another episode. Until next time, Hunting for Answers is a production of the Black Effect Podcast Network. For more podcasts from the Black Effect Podcast Network, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks, and nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income. Census tracts also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do Wells Fargo Bank, NA member FDIC


At California Psychics? We know that sometimes you can wake up thinking, Ugh, I don't know if I'm in the right career, EW. Or the right relationship. But whatever your life dilemma at California psychics, we'll give you the guidance you need to feel certain about your life choices. And because we only connect you with the very best, we guarantee, if your reading isn't life changing, it's free California psychics, visit California psychics.com today for limited time offers


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill Bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discovers accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now It Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.