
This is an iHeartPodcasts.


Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in. And with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light, it's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down, the all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Support for eating while Broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career, the next step. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years. As the nation's largest nursing school, Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Learn more@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev.


If you own a home, here's an interesting fact for you. Today, American home owners are sitting on a record amount of home equity. That's the part of your home you own Outright. Rocket Mortgage can help you turn that home equity into cash and that can help you fund the home renovation, pay for your kids college tuition, or pay off consolidated high interest debt. To learn more, just call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com Today. Rocket Mortgage, LLC licensed in 50 states, NMLS consumer access.org. Number 30 30


Hunting for Answers is a production of the Black Effect Podcast Network. And iHeartRadio, welcome to Hunting for Answers, a True Crime podcast. I'm your host Hunter, and today we continue our three-part series into the life and murder of 28-year-old Nina Cook, a young woman from Memphis, Tennessee whose life was cut tragically short In October of 2014. In the first part of the series, we met Nina through the eyes of her siblings, Lydia, Kenya, and Chris. They painted a portrait of a woman who was ambitious, loving, and fiercely protective of her family.


But today we step into darker territory. We examine the circumstances surrounding Nina's disappearance, the last conversations and the gruesome discovery that would forever change the lives of those who loved her. This is the story of Nina Cook. When does a beloved family member's absence transform from a passing and concern into a growing fear? At what point does she's just busy become something's wrong for the family of Nina Cook.


This transformation happened slowly and then all at once. Before we can understand Nina's disappearance, we need to revisit the last times those close to her saw or spoke with her. These final encounters, ordinary at the time, would later be examined for clues, for warning signs, for anything that might explain what was to come. I think when you speak to, when you speak to a loved one, you don't expect it to be the last time that you talk to them.


So I don't remember the last conversation that I had with her because I didn't know that it would be the last. I've tried to replay that and think about it in my mind, but I don't recall. What I probably remember last is my last visit coming down to Memphis. Although Lydia may not remember the exact conversation, she does remember her last visit with Nina vividly In celebration.


And Nina couldn't make it, but she promised me that she would see me the next day. So we met up at my Uncle Bobby's house and the first thing she did was she came in with a big smile, as she always did, and she wanted to hold my hand and sit on my lap. So our last pictures are of us cozy together on the sofa holding hands as always. And we laughed and she hugged on my babies.


Oh, I didn't wanna let her go. For Chris Nina's younger brother, his last memory of his sister comes from a casual family gathering at their grandmother's house. Yes, I do. Now that had to have been springtime. And the last time that I saw her, we were just all chilling at my grandmother's house. And man, you know, she was just very dressed to the nines. She had recovered pretty nicely. You know, they talk about the ride in her hip. She did have a, a little bit of a car accident and she had recovered nicely and she was getting dressed up to the nines.


The surgical rod in Nina's leg would later play a crucial role in identifying her remains. But it's what happened next that Chris holds most fear a moment that would become the final memory of his sister. I was in my grandmother's room laying on my bed, laying on my grandmother's bed rather. And you know, she kind of just came in very softly, touched my face know, and it's, you know, it's, it's something that, you know, like Amanda said, you never think that this is gonna be the last time you're gonna see or hear from somebody, you know.


The last thing that I remember my sister saying to me, which is the first thing that I knew And I always knew, you know, she told me that she loved me. You know, her last words to me was, I love you. And you know, it's, it's, it's, it's hard to kind of think about that as the last registered memory that you have of your, one of your greatest inspirations. And that was what it was. And it was so soft and so sweet. And literally, I remember her walking out to leave and going to get on her stride and conquer The World and her little confident walk that she had with the hip swaying.


And you know, that was it. That was the last time that I talked to her. She seemed very calm, very poised and gave me that I love you.


The first two months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's the good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels. Thanks Suits. Available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seeds that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Taking the skyland views that let sunlight pour in and watches your day. Brightens. Hmm. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bose premium sound system, you two can vibe like it's your own private. Plus with the 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic, chill, or straight up on do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features


If You own a home. Here's the interesting fact for you. Today. American homeowners are sitting on a record amount of home equity. That's the part of your home you own outright. Rocket Mortgage can help you turn that home equity into cash and that can help you fund the home renovation, pay for your kids college tuition, or pay off consolidated high interest debt. To learn more, just call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com Today. Rocket Mortgage, LLC licensed in 50 states N mls consumer access.org. Number 30 30.


Support for eating while broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career, the next step. There's a difference between not knowing what's next and knowing exactly what you want, but being afraid to go after it. If you're in the second group, maybe it's time to stop waiting. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years as the nation's largest nursing school. Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. They have faculty who genuinely care and a community ready to lift you up. Whether you're just starting out switching careers or advancing your education, Chamberlain helps you move forward with confidence. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Because here's what Chamberlain wants you to know. You've got this and we've got you. Start today@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev.


You've probably heard that sickle cell disease affects a lot of black folks, maybe even people close to you. It's more common than you think. Almost everybody knows somebody and for those living with it, blood transfusions help with their daily battles. And did you know that one in three black blood donors is a match for patients with sickle cell disease? That's saying someone like you, your mom, your cousin, even the neighbors you see every day can be a giant help for someone battling this disease, watching a loved one go through this is tough. And that's a situation all too real. So everyone needs to step up because every time you donate, you're building something bigger, something that lifts the community. You have the power to show up for the next person because finding a match can mean everything. Take that step forward and donate blood with the American Red Cross. Head to Red Cross blood.org/our blood to make an appointment because blood saves lives.


Kenya, Nina's younger sister also recalls seeing Nina at their grandmother's house shortly before her disappearance. So when I found out my, it was really more so my family just kind of like, oh, we haven't heard from, we call her Gina in my family too. We hadn't heard from Gina in a little bit. I recall my last time seeing her was around maybe early June or so, Emini here. She came by my grandmother's house And I saw her. None of Nina's loved ones remember her expressing any concerns or fears during these last interactions?


No, I don't recall any fears being expressed. No. She came around the family, she was fine. We had fun. We talked, I think around that time I, I probably had just had my daughter not too long before, maybe a year or two before she was missing. So she was trying to be in my daughter's life and just making sure she stayed connected with the family. But I didn't sense any fear or any threat or, you know, that she was in danger or anything like that. Family gatherings, expressions of love, staying connected to family. Everything seemed to be fine.


There were no dramatic goodbyes, no warnings and no sense that anything was wrong, which makes what happened next. All the more disturbing the exact timeline of when Nina went missing is difficult to pinpoint. There was no single moment when an alarm was raised. Instead, her absence and lack of communication drew concern that gradually grew louder. Nina was known to travel often, so it wasn't unusual for her to be out of touch for short periods of time.


However, this time was different. When we didn't hear from her around her birthday, which is in September, that's when my side of the family for sure started, you know, getting a little bit more worried like Lydia said. And I was actually not the one to submit the missing persons. 'cause I think for me as well, we were just kind of like, oh yeah, she's out of town. It wasn't uncommon for her to go out of town and we not here from her for a couple of weeks, or she's in the studio working on music. Or she'd be in Atlanta or just wherever. Since Nina was always on the go. And at the time her family had no reason to suspect the worst.


So I don't think the worst came to mind automatically. I know it didn't for me. So I did not fill out the missing person report because I just knew that we were gonna hear from her again and she would pop up when she's ready. She was not, she was known to kind of go do her own thing. And then we hear from her when she was finished or you know, felt like talking or whatever. So, But there was one day that should have rot word from Nina, her birthday. No matter where she was or what she was doing, she would always speak to her family on or around her birthday Course. I called and talked to dad about it and dad said the last time he had heard from her was Father's Day.


He had already mailed off her birthday card and he was waiting to hear back from her 'cause she would always call when she got her birthday card. Father's Day was in June, Nina's birthday was in September. The realization that no one had seen or heard from Nina in months finally began to sink in. Lydia remembers getting the call from Kenia about how Nina seemed to be missing. Kenia called me And I remember I was helping my mom out at the hair salon And I am always optimistic.


So at the mention of her possibly being missing, I'm like, no, you know, we'll hear from her birthday's coming up, she's just traveling. You know how Nina is. We'll talk to her. Soon As the days turn to weeks and September gave way to October, the silence became increasingly difficult to ignore. Eventually a missing person report was filed and the official missing persons investigation was launched. But no one could have imagined where the investigation would lead.


Let's take the necessary steps in case there is something wrong. But I could not, I couldn't allow my mind to go there. So I think I just kinda compartmentalize things and was just like, it's one of those days, you know, she's gonna call, you know, of course we'll find her. These type of things don't, you know, happen to us. In, In October 2014, Ken received an unexpected visit from the police. That would change everything For me.


And then In October is when I actually found out that it really was something wrong. And so on that day is when I got a knock at the door from the police department and they gave me the contact number for the sergeant and basically said that they had, you know, they wanted me to talk to the sergeant. They felt like they had found a body and they just kind of wanted to confirm. And so that was my first real notification that she had passed. I believe it was October once Kenia called me and said that they had identified her body and that they had found her.


That was really hard because it became real and something that we now have to face and deal with. And you're wondering why and how. And I had to share that news with my dad and for it to be solidified through dental records and the rod that she had in her leg from the accident.


I, it wasn't, it wasn't something that I could deny. I don't know, I just, I just broke down. I don't know how you, how you deal with something like that.


The first two months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's the good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels. Thank suits. Available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seeds that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyland views that let sunlight pour in and watches your day. Brightens. Hmm, I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bose premium sound system, you two can vibe like it your own private concert. Plus with the 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic, chill, or straight up on do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features


If you own a home. Here's an interesting fact for you today. American homeowners are sitting on a record amount of home equity. That's the part of your home you own Outright. Rocket Mortgage can help you turn that home equity into cash and that can help you fund a home renovation, pay for your kids' college tuition or pay off consolidated high interest debt. To learn more, just call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com Today. Rocket Mortgage, LLC licensed in 50 states, NMLS consumer access.org. Number 30 30


Support for eating while Broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career, the next step. There's a difference between not knowing what's next and knowing exactly what you want, but being afraid to go after it. If you're in the second group, maybe it's time to stop waiting. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years as the nation's largest nursing school. Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. They have faculty who genuinely care and a community ready to lift you up. Whether you're just starting out switching careers or advancing your education, Chamberlain helps you move forward with confidence. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Because here's what Chamberlain wants you to know. You've got this and we've got you. Start today@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev.


You've probably heard that sickle cell disease affects a lot of black folks, maybe even people close to you. It's more common than you think. Almost everybody knows somebody for those living with it. Blood transfusions help with their daily battles. And did you know one in three black blood donors is a match for patients with sickle cell disease? That's saying someone like you, your mom, your cousin, or even the neighbors you see every day can be a giant help. For someone battling this disease, watching a loved one go through it is tough. And that's a situation all too real. So everyone needs to step up because every time you donate, you're building something bigger, something that lifts the community. You have the power to show up for the next person because finding a match can mean everything. Take that step forward and donate blood with the American Red Cross. Answer Red Cross blood.org/our blood to make an appointment because blood saves lives.


The surgical rod in Nina's leg, along with the dental records, was the final confirmation. Nina Cook was gone on October 7th, 2014. Nina Cook's remains were discovered in a vacant church building at 1175 East Trig Avenue in Memphis. The property had been foreclosed in empty since October 2013. A church caretaker made the grim discovery and called 9 1 1 Nina's body was found lying on the floor covered by a soiled curtain.


And in an advanced state of decomposition, her remains were largely skeletonized with only a torn piece of red underwear still adhered to her, scattered around her puzzle pieces, a pen, a penny, a toy shoe and fragments of jewelry, including a heart necklace. According to Nina's autopsy report, the medical examiner documented perm mortem fractures to her facial bones, sternum and vertebrae. Concluding the cause of death was homicidal violence, though the specific means remained impossible to determine after so much time had passed by a missing person's report had only been filed two weeks earlier.


Though family hadn't heard from Nina for approximately three months, the window of time between her disappearance and the time she had been discovered had its effect leaving behind unanswered questions about her final moments. With the discovery of Nina's remains the missing person case transformed into a homicide investigation. Memphis Police began the difficult task of piecing together what happened to Nina Cook. Kenya recalls the early days of the investigation when the quest for answers had more energy.


I remember in the beginning going down to the station to the, the Investigations Bureau and you know, talking to the sergeant, getting, you know, information, giving, information details, and just trying to come up with next steps. The family provided whatever information they could trying to reconstruct Nina's final days and weeks leading up to her untimely death. So yeah, being told about possibly running DNA through the system to see if there was a match. And, you know, talking about the crime scene and, and you just giving our statements and trying to recount and recall who we remember her being in communication with.


You know, people that she knew, people that she went to school with, anyone that she dated or just anything that we could come up with to try to find clues. Social media provided one potential source of information, a digital trail that might offer insight into Nina's last movements. We were looking at her social media to kind of see where she was or what she posted, things like that. And, and like Amanda said, this was October and so we were a few months behind, so it was a lot that we could not get access to, but in the beginning it did really feel like we were making some leadway.


I think any family member that deals with a tragic loss, they want answers, they want help, they want support from law enforcement, from media to bring justice to your family member. When things first started out, I felt like everyone was going strong. We were gonna find the answers. There was talk about DNA.


I watched enough crime shows, right to know that you can find, you know, answers with just the smallest shred of evidence. The hope was that people would talk, they would see her story calls would flood in. Unfortunately things died down really quickly Despite the initial spark of interest. In Nina's case, the investigation faced significant challenges and roadblocks. So I didn't understand why we couldn't get more answers, why her email couldn't be accessed, why checks and like the green dot card things couldn't be traced.


I understood because I went to some of the businesses myself and at the time a lot of them only held recordings for 30 days, maybe 90 days, and we were far behind from the time that they found her body to the time that the investigation began. The condition of Nina's remains also presented forensic challenges for the investigation. So because of the state of her body, I did understand that. And the timeframe, I did understand that we were at a disadvantage, but I had so much hope that we would have more resolve than we did and just more support.


I thought my phone would be ringing off the hook trying to get answers and, and people reaching out and wanting to share her story and also, you know, find justice. But it just wasn't everything dried up And I didn't hear back from anyone until now. Unfortunately, I don't think we got any like clues or tips through like the hotline, like the rewards hotline. We were trying to get some information, see if anybody could give some anonymous tips, but we were not successful with that.


We did not have that much concrete evidence at all. As the investigation continued to unfold or lack thereof, Lydia and the rest of Nina's loved ones felt like her case wasn't being treated fairly or given the priority it deserved. And I think in the investigation when her story didn't look picture perfect, it didn't seem newsworthy enough to pull on the heartstrings.


It felt like her life didn't matter and things began to be swept under the rug. Lydia's frustration grew as she encountered roadblock after roadblock in her own quest for information and the truth behind what happened to her sister. I heard a lot of, there wasn't enough of this. I couldn't do that. I couldn't. I wanted to get into her post office box at the University of Memphis. I wanted to get camera footage.


I wanted DNA evidence. I wanted, you know, different people to be spoken to or interviewed more thoroughly Despite the decline in resources. In 10 Nina's case, Lydia says, the lead investigator did make genuine efforts even when other authorities began to turn their time elsewhere. And I know things probably take time And I believe that the sergeant who was working with us put in really great efforts.


He was supportive and communicative for a while, but then I think he was on the verge of retiring, and I'm sure there's processes and high crime city, all these things. Perhaps her story was one that was easily placed on the back burner Over a decade later. The question surrounding Nina's death remained largely unanswered. Who would want to harm her? What were the circumstances leading up to her final moments and what happened between June and October of 2014?


In part three of this series, we'll examine the broader implications of Nina's case, how it fits into patterns of unsolved cases involving women of color, the challenges of cold's, case investigations, and the family's ongoing journey for justice and answers. Anyone with information regarding Nina Cook's case should contact the Memphis Police Department or Crime Stoppers. Their number can be found in the description box below. As we close out this episode, don't forget to hit the follow button to stay updated on this case and others like it.


Subscribe to Hunting for Answers on YouTube to watch the visuals to this episode and follow us on Instagram and TikTok for more true crime updates. And if you enjoyed this story, leave us a five star rating. Thank you so much for joining us on another episode. Until next time, Hunting for Answers is a production of the Black Effect Podcast network. For more podcasts from the Black Effect Podcast network, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could just escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down, the all new Nissan Murano is your stress free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional. Features,


support for Eating while broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career. The next step. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years. As the nation's largest nursing school, Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Learn more@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income. Census tracts also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do Wells Fargo Bank, NA member FDIC.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.