
Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could just escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


PayPal lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the beanbag chair? Aren't we getting Emini Fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Oh, yes, that's smart. Glad we can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool


When you haven't found love. It can feel like everyone else has. It's in every movie, every song, and all the PDA looking for love sucks. Thankfully, California psychics can give you the guidance you need to find the one. We guarantee if your reading isn't life changing, it's free and new customers receive 20 minutes for just $20. Visit California psychics.com and experience the joy of certainty, California psychics.


Peace to the planet. I go by the name of Charlemagne tha God. And guess what? I can't wait to see y'all at the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival. That's right. We're coming back to Atlanta, Georgia Saturday, April 26th at Pullman Yards and it's hosted by none other than Decisions. Decisions. Mandy B and Wheezy. Okay, we got the RB Money podcast with Tank and Jay Valentine. We got the woman of all podcasts with Star Jake Roberts. We got good moms bad choices. Carrie Champion will be there with her Neck and Sports podcast and the Trap Nerd podcast with more to be announced. And of course, it's big than podcast. We're bringing the black effect marketplace with black-owned businesses, plus the food truck caught to keep you fed while you visit us. All right, listen, you don't want to miss this.


Tap in and grab your tickets now at black effect.com/podcast. Festival Hunting for Answers is a production of the Black Effect Podcast network and iHeartRadio. Welcome to Hunting for Answers, a True Crime podcast. I'm your host Hunter, and today we discuss a chilling case surrounding a potential witness to a crime whose remains turned up just days before she had to appear in court. It all begins to unravel with a very gruesome discovery in the Missouri River. This is the story of Jaynie Crosdale.


Janie, affectionately known as Jaybird, was 36 years old and a kindhearted soul who saw the good in everyone. But sometimes trust can be dangerous. And for Janie, it led to an unthinkable fate. The town of Excelsior Springs, Missouri would soon learn that her disappearance was not just a tragic loss. It was a key piece in a web of woven terror by a monster lurking in the community. The first horrifying clue surfaced in the unlikeliest of places. The Missouri River kayakers stumbled upon a blue barrel, and when authorities opened it, they found the remains of Jaynie Crosdale.


But her death wasn't just another cold case, it was a warning. Janie had been inside the home of Timothy Haslett Jr. A man now facing charges of kidnapping, sexual assault, and unspeakable cruelty. She was a potential witness to his dark and twisted crime, and now she was dead. For months, authorities had been searching for Janie, hoping she held the key to cracking Haslett's case wide open. But when Hazlett was arrested, Janie was nowhere to be found. Now, with her body discovered the truth became more horrifying than anyone could have feared.


Hali wasn't just a predator, he was an alleged killer too. The terror traces back to October, 2022 when a woman, his captive made a daring escape. She was battered, broken, wearing a metal dog collar and bound in duct tape, but she ran barefoot and in lingerie through the neighborhood, desperate for help. The first two years of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape and your world cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot, but here's the good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car.


The all new Nissan Mura is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing massages seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let the sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right and with the Bolds premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus, with the 64 colored personalized light option, you can set the mood any way you want, be it romantic, chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your O ACEs in a chaotic world, because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all.


Drive a all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features. A neighbor heard her faint plea. She opened the door and locked eyes with a woman barely clinging to life. That call to nine one one with then unearth unthinkable horrors. The victim referred to as tj. In court documents described a daily existence of torment, chained, abused, and dehumanized inside Haslett's basement, and she wasn't the only one.


Investigators soon made a chilling. Discovery photos, images of Jaynie Crosdale in that same basement. Then came the final piece of damning evidence. The blue barrel that held Janie's remains. It was identical to barrels found at Hazel's home. The message was clear she had been inside that house and she never made it out alive. Some evidence suggested the possibility of an accomplice either working alongside Hazlet or acting alone.


Regardless, the findings pointed to a far greater threat than authorities initially admitted. At first, they dismissed concerns over missing black women as quote, unfounded rumors despite failing to conduct a proper investigation. Meanwhile, shock and grief rippled through Excelsior Springs, Janie CROs, Dell's death wasn't an accident. It was cold and calculated. Authorities believe she was murdered sometime between June and October, 2022, the very months Haslett's other victim was allegedly being held captive.


Hazlett now faces an additional charge of first degree murder for Janie's death stacked on top of his multiple counts of other various crimes, including sexual assault and kidnapping. If convicted, he won't just serve time. He'll spend the rest of his life locked up the same way he once trapped his victims. He's currently being held on a $3 million bond. My thoughts and prayers go out to Janie's family and friends as they continue to navigate this tragedy and secure justice. As we wrap up this episode, don't forget to subscribe to Hunting for Answers on YouTube.


And be sure to follow us on Instagram and TikTok to stay updated on this case and others like it. Thank you so much for joining us on another episode. Until next time, Hunting for Answers is a production of the Black Effect Podcast Network. For more podcasts from the Black Effect Podcast network, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows, Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications.


Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing Massy seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down, the all new Nissan Murano is your stress free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive an all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features. PayPal lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the beanbag chair?


Aren't we getting Emini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, yes, that's smart. Glad we can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create A pool when you haven't found love. It can feel like everyone else has. It's in every movie, every song, and all the PDA looking for love sucks. Thankfully, California psychics can give you the guidance you need to find the one. We guarantee if your reading isn't life changing, it's free and new customers receive 20 minutes for just $20.


Visit California psychics.com and experience the joy of certainty California psychics.