
This is an iHeartPodcasts.


Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could just escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down, the all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Support for Eating while Broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career, the next step. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years. As the nation's largest nursing school, Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Learn more@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev.


Hunting For Answers is a production of the Black Effect podcast network. And iHeartRadio. Welcome to Hunting for Answers, a True Crime podcast. I'm your host Hunter and in this episode we're discussing a case out of Monroe, North Carolina. A small community shaken to its core. When a 16-year-old girl vanished without warning her disappearance would ignite a desperate search stretch across multiple states and expose a chilling truth about the dangers lurking on the internet. We spoke with her father who walked us through the terrifying weeks of the investigation, the emotional reunion with his daughter and their path towards healing in the aftermath.


This is the story of Lauren Heath. October 13th, 2023 began like any other day, but for the heath family, it quickly turned into every parent's worst nightmare. I would say, you know, like a month or two prior, you know, my wife And I had noticed, you know, a change in her. She seemed to be a little bit more withdrawn, so to speak, not talking a lot 'cause she was playing volleyball in her previous high school and she was a cheerleader. But I remember receiving a phone call from her cheerleading head coach there at a camp saying how much my daughter was so withdrawing from the team, not interacting, you know, with her teammates not talking, want to be by herself.


And I even asked her that night when she called me like, Hey, do you want me to come get you if you're not comfortable being there? She's like, no, I'm gonna stick it out. 'cause you know, as parents we always tell our kids, Hey, if you start something, finish it. But it was several conversations that my daughter-in-law would have. Like when I would take her to school, she always would make the comment like, she feels like she's somebody else's friend, but they're not her, so to speak. Like she's trying too hard and they're not reciprocating what's needed in a good, solid friendship. And I say, Hey, you know, don't take it personal. You know, just as parents, we tell our kids, you know, it's life. It's part of growing up, especially being a teenager, especially being young females to go through a lot of changes.


And you know, they pick and choose friends from week to week. It could be day to day Ring camera footage showed Lauren leaving her home in Indian Trail, North Carolina. There were no warning signs, no goodbye, just a quiet exit into the unknown. Her father Bear Keith recalls noticing changes in Lauren in the weeks prior. Like many teens, she began struggling, but he now sees the signs they missed. But it's one thing my wife And I, you know, regret doing is not Emini here. We heard her daughter hurt our daughter, but we didn't like fully.


Listen. You know, when you're like, your kids are crying out constantly, it's easy for us as parents to say, Hey, go to school. Wear that crown strongly ahead. Be strong, be yourself. But when you gotta live in that world five days a week for seven and a half hours a day, it's different. And you know, that's my wife And I looking back on that. We wish we would've really delved deeply more into that. You know, I wish she was expressing about her being withdrawing and everything like that, but you know, you know, I think it wasn part of it. You know, the, the friendships weren't as solid that she might've wanted. She was say telling us things like kids were saying certain things to her and make her feel down or depressed.


And she lost her self-esteem, so to speak. So I think that's what led up to her disappearance. I felt like she just wanted to just drop it all and just go away. Despite her challenges, Lauren was excited about her school's upcoming Homecoming dance. She had a nail appointment scheduled and was looking forward to the event. Hardly the actions of someone planning to leave, that's what made her disappearance all the more arming. This wasn't like Lauren, her behavior didn't match Someone who wanted to just disappear.


As hours turned into days, panic settled in the second dragged like ours. And the longer she was gone, the worse the fear became. But the heath family wasn't alone. The Monroe community rallied together. Candlelight vigils were held, choirs, blanketed neighborhoods. Billboards appeared in North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Florida, Tennessee and Virginia. Lauren's face became impossible to miss. But despite the overwhelming support, the silence was deafening.


Lauren's parents spoke out to her in every public message, come home, we love you. There's no obstacle too big to bring you back still. One thing was unmistakable. The police response in those critical early days was dismissive. Like many cases, involving missing black girls, Lauren's disappearance didn't trigger the kind of urgency it deserved. Initially. When she went missing on the 13th, of course we made a police report and the police were so nonchalant about it, it was just like, oh, here we go again.


Another missing child. So, you know, we would write it down. And he was kind of nonchalant about it with, you know, kind of got outta my skin with my wife And I and he just kind of took it and just left and like, Hey, we really need to hear something you know about this case. Like, so it wasn on a Friday, we, my wife And I had to literally go down to the police station first thing Monday morning and help get a detective assigned to the case. So two whole days had gone by with nothing. And I even called the dispatch to see about follow up 'cause they was asking me about her cell phone. What cell service did we use and everything like that.


Support for eating while broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing. You keep saying you'll do the new career, the next step. There's a difference between not knowing what's next and knowing exactly what you want, but being afraid to go after it. If you're in the second group, maybe it's time to stop waiting. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years as the nation's largest nursing school. Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. They have faculty who genuinely care and a community ready to lift you up. Whether you're just starting out switching careers or advancing your education, Chamberlain helps you move forward with confidence. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Because here's what Chamberlain wants you to know. You've got this and we've got you. Start today@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belonged to something greater certified to operate by Chev.


Her father told us plainly, if it weren't for the community stepping up, there's no telling where the case would stand. The community response was awesome. You know, my neighbors in my neighborhood went out looking my neighbor across the street. She was awesome because she said she knew this house where a lot of teenagers would go and just hang out and just drink, blah, blah, blah. She went there. So the community response was, was awesome. Those first two days she went missing. Up until the time my wife And I had to go to the police station. And luckily it worked out.


The chief of police, I used to coach his son in football. So when he saw me, he told his detective like, Hey, anything he wants you make sure he gets it. So it, it pays to know people. Like I tell people, don't burn your bridges 'cause you never know you might need somebody. So once I got to him, it was a lot better. The detective was very responsive to us about, you know, any type of leaves or anything. We had people down the street. This lady, she has a big farm down the street. She even offered like her ATVs to like go out and look, you know, out, you know, in the community or whatever.


So the community response was awesome. You know, we made flyers. People would come by and get flyers and put 'em up for us. There's this little biker house down the street. They had cameras, but they might've thought, she might've, you know, left from, they let us go down there, look at their cameras. But it was overwhelming. The response that we received from the community, Even with tips pouring in time, kept slipping away, no breakthroughs, no confirmed sightings, no real leads, just a growing sense that Lauren might be getting further and further away. Then nearly two weeks later, hope arrived in Kirkwood, Missouri.


Police officers investigating a suspicious vehicle parked outside a Lowe's made a discovery that would bring this nightmare to a shocking turning point. Inside the car was a 30-year-old convicted sex offender. And in the passenger seat, 16-year-old Lauren Heath authorities learned that the man had been communicating with Lauren through an anonymous messaging app. He exploited her emotional vulnerability, manipulated her with false promises, and drove all the way from Oklahoma to North Carolina to pick her up.


She was carrying her birth certificate and had even memorized her mother's phone number. Details that ultimately help police confirm her identity and notify her parents. Having those conversations with your child or children about social media, because like I said, it's a beast. It is. Like I said, it's a gift and a curse. And you, you know, you have these apps that have been created where it looks like one thing, but it's something else where they lure children. They, I know it's one app. I know the FBI was showing us, it looks like a calculator, but behind it, it's a way that these predators talk to children.


Wow. Yeah. So it was the particular app, I don't think they even have it anymore. It's called Whisper. It wasn the main culprit. In this case, it's almost like the dark web, so to speak, behind these apps, because these predators have ways of getting to children, whether it be online. I know in, in speaking with people I know, a police officer showed me down the street how these, they'll change their voice online to sound like a child. And if you think you're playing with another 12-year-old and it comes out, it's somebody 40 or 50 years old, they use this, you know, this voice altering like headset.


And that's like, so I would tell my kids, you know, you have to be careful. You know who you are online with, unless you're just your close friends from school or somebody you know personally, don't talk to 'em. The moment the call came in, Lauren's parents dropped to their knees, relief, overwhelm them. They didn't even put on the proper shoes before rushing to the airport to catch the first flight to Missouri. When they were reunited with their daughter, it felt Mr. Heath said like holding a newborn for the second time. And though Joy filled the reunion, the trauma lingered and the road to healing would be next.


The first, I would say she came on October 25th, I would say, ooh, probably until maybe four or five months after that, it was still a struggle trying to get her to focus and open up. Of course we did immediately get her into therapy where she's still in now. That has helped out tremendously. I will say she's come a long way since then. She's in a new high school, she's cheering, she loves it. She's making new friends. So I believe this new high school has done her leaps and bounds of, of getting her self esteem back, making new friends, because like I said, her previous high school, for whatever reason, just was not the place for her.


Lauren came home on October 25th, 2023. But in the days and months that followed, her family would face a new set of challenges. Therapy became a part of the healing process. A new high school brought a fresh start. But emotionally, her father described it as life altering ring. It changes you as a person. He said, we used to beat ourselves up, but we know we're good parents. One thing they are absolutely certain of, Lauren was not to blame. She was coerced and groomed by a sick individual.


Mr. Heath said she's the victim and she needs to know this isn't her fault. According to investigators, predators like this, prey on children expressing vulnerability online. They scan for keywords, emotional distress, and then pose as saviors only to lead their victims into unimaginable danger. In fact, I just spoke to the federal prosecutor yesterday because with him having federal charges and also state charges with him crossing state lines with our daughter, there's so much they have to get worked out far as the charges and get what to plea to for him.


So it's kind of like in a holding pattern. He's what I do know, he would never see the light of day. Thankfully, Lauren's story ends with a reunion with her family. But for far too many other families, that call never comes. And that moment of relief never arrives. As my wife And I, you know, talk about it all the time. Like we were truly blessed to get our daughter back. But I know when I look at, And I still part of black and missing and all these missing children sites always repost and share every kid that comes across my timeline because I know exactly how those parents feel.


So I can only imagine if your child's been missing for months or years. You know, what type of, you know, mental state those parents are in. The best advice I can give parents with children that are missing is to stay relentless and get closure to your situation. Because I told my wife, I said, regardless of what, what happens with our daughter, I just want to know that I never quit. But to parents, like I said, there's, you know, there's no handbook to this, to being a parent. You can be the best parent in The World. And if something tragic like this does happen, you can't ever doubt yourself as a parent.


If you'd have told me this would've happened to my family, I was like, you're crazy. That'll never happen to my daughter. But like I said, nobody's immune to this nobody. Biggest thing for me as a father is to be more of a listener to her rather than try to tell her how to feel. You know? Because she has the right to feel the way she wants to like anybody else, regardless of them being your children. So I think that's the biggest thing for me, is to really lift her, be herself and her feelings, and try to work it out through her, through her lens, and not mine. As we close out this episode, don't forget to hit the follow button to stay updated on this case and others like it.


Subscribe to Hunting for Answers on YouTube to watch the visuals to this episode and follow us on Instagram and TikTok for more true crime updates. And if you enjoyed this story, leave us a five star rating. Thank you so much for joining us on another episode. Until next time, Hunting for Answers is a production of the Black Effect Podcast Network. For more podcasts from the Black Effect Podcast network, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Living with HIV continue to live authentically and embrace every possibility. Do consider how you stay undetectable. Do learn about Doto. Doto is a complete HIV treatment by prescription only. For some people, 12 and older, your doctor will determine if Doto is right for you. Do find out how many medicines are in your HIV pill. Most HIV pills contain three or four medicines. Doto is as effective with two medicines. No other complete HIV pill contains fewer medicines than doto do embrace every day. It is unknown if doto is safe and effective. If you have HIV and hepatitis B. If you have Hep B, don't stop doto without talking to your doctor as it may get worse or harder to treat. Don't take doto if you're allergic to its ingredients or taking dofetilide due to serious or life-threatening side effects. If you have a rash or allergic reaction symptoms, stop doto and get medical help right away. Other serious or life-threatening side effects include severe liver problems and lactic acid buildup. If you're female or obese, you may be more at risk. Tell your doctor about your medicines or supplements, medical conditions, liver or kidney problems, pregnancy, breastfeeding, or planned pregnancy. Do ask your doctor about fewer medicines. Visit doto.com or call 1 8 7 7 8 4 4 8 8 7 2 to learn more


At California psychics. We know some people can't read the career warning signs like your boss still not knowing your name. You, Tina, Lisa, Sheila, whatever. Get that report to me by lunch. Okay? It's Carrie ma'am. Just get it done Terry. So talk to California psychics and receive the career guidance you need. We only connect you with the very best. So guarantee if your reading isn't life-changing, it's free California psychics. Visit California psychics.com today for limited time offers.


Caesar canine cuisine asks, why does your dog spin? Because he wants a Caesar warm bowl. Caesar warm bowls are microwaveable meals for dogs made with real chicken and delivering an irresistible aroma that gets dogs excited. Look for Caesar warm bowls in the pet food aisle.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.