
This is an iHeartPodcasts.


Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in, and with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light, it's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income. Census tracts also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do Wells Fargo Bank, NA member FDIC.


Hunting for Answers is a production of the Black Effect Podcast Network and iHeartRadio. Welcome to Hunting for Answers, a True Crime podcast. I'm your host Hunter, and today's case takes us way back to September 10th, 1971 and centers around a 22-year-old civil rights activist and trailblazer. According to some accounts, she accepted a ride from a stranger. While other sources suggest she was abducted while waiting for a bus on her way to work, she also happened to be the first black homecoming queen at a predominantly white university in the south, and her death remains unsolved after more than 50 years.


This is the story of Lynn Eusan Lynn Eusan. Cecilia Uan was born on October 11th, 1948 in Galveston County, Texas to Idae, Boudreaux uan and Wilbur Thur Keel UANs. By 1968, Lynn had become one of the first black students admitted into the University of Houston or U eight with a bright smile and fierce determination. Lynn wasn't just another student, she was a revolutionary.


While studying journalism, she co-founded the African American Studies program at and helped establish the Shape Community Center. In 1969, she was also a charter member of Alpha Kappa Alpha sorority and even played in the university's marching band. But Lynn's activism went well beyond campus activities. She had even been arrested a few times for demonstrating all of this During the civil rights era. November, 1968, the University of Houston Astrodome.


In a moment that shocked the nation, Lynn Eusan was crowned the first African-American homecoming queen at a predominantly white university in the South. She beat five white candidates in a victory that sent shockwaves through the segregated south. The shock that she was actually named, it was fantastic. Recalled her friend Jean Law, who was there that night. The Daily Cougar newspaper called her election a symbol representing you's defiance of the wall of prejudice. But not everyone was celebrating Lynn's crown wasn't just a tiara.


It was a statement, a declaration. That change was coming to the American South. She used her platform to fight for social justice leading rap sessions and presenting demands to the university president. That included things like an American studies program. More black administrators and instructors increased financial aid and better wages for maintenance workers. There were other blacks who felt as I did and who were facing the same problems I was. By organizing into a group, we were able to make our problems known.


Lynn Eusan once told the Houston Chronicle, her activism made her beloved by some and despised by others. September 10th, 1971, Houston, Texas. It was a rainy day and Lynn now 22 years old, and a recent graduate of was walking to her job when the rain started. According to some accounts, a stranger offered her a ride. In that split second decision to get out of the rain, Lynn's fate was sealed. However other reports say she was abducted.


Nonetheless, whatever happened would leave a family devastated, a community outraged and questions that remain unanswered. Till this day, on that morning, a Houston Police car was struck by a 1971 Chevrolet sedan driven by a 26-year-old black man named Leo Jackson Jr. When officers approached the vehicle, they found Lynn Eusan in the backseat stabbed six times in fighting for her life. She was rushed to the hospital where she was pronounced dead.


Jackson claimed that a hysterical limb had attacked him and stabbed herself, and that he was rushing her to the hospital when he crashed into the police car.


Hey, fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is the key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community, and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been, because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


However, the evidence told a difference story. The medical examiner's report was damning. Lynn had been stabbed multiple times in the back wounds that could not have possibly been self-inflicted, and Leo Jackson Jr. Wasn't just a good Samaritan trying to help. He had a lengthy criminal record. With 14 prior arrests for sexual and other forms of assault and armed robbery, the evidence became overwhelming. The case seemed open and shut. But in 1972, after a trial that shocked the community, a jury acquitted Leo Jackson Jr.


Of Murder. How does a man with all of those arrests get acquitted of murdering a civil rights leader? When the evidence clearly showed she was stabbed in the back, Lynn's friends and family were devastated. Her close friend Jean had said it was a shock. It still is a shock. When the word came back, we were just in total disbelief, tragic, very sad. Many in the community believed that racism played a role in the verdict. Here was a young black woman who had dared to break barriers to challenge the status quo and to wear a crown that some felt she didn't deserve.


After the acquittal, no one else was ever charged. In connection with Lynn Yuan's death, the case remains officially unsolved. A cold case that has haunted Houston for more than five decades. Lynn's death certificate simply states she was stabbed in the back. Her niece, Andrea Usan says, the family has never gotten closure. Her death left an indelible mark, Andrea said, but then so did her life. In 19 76, 5 years after her death, the University of Houston dedicated Lynn Eusan Park, a 4.6 acre park in the center of campus, where diverse groups gather just as Lynn would've wanted.


In 2018, nearly 50 years after she helped create it, the university finally approved a bachelor's degree in African-American studies. The program that Lynn fought to establish Lynn Eusan was so much more than just a homecoming queen. She was a journalist, activist, advocate organizer, and a trailblazer who helped change the face of higher education in the south. She wanted to bring social justice not just to the campus, but to the surrounding communities and beyond.


Today, more than 50 years later, Lynn Eusan Yuan's murder remains unsolved. The Houston Police Department lists her case as legally open. Though no active investigation is currently underway. However, in 2013, Leo Jackson, the man who was acquitted of her murder, had passed away taking away any secrets he might have had along with him. Lynn's case leaves a list of haunting questions. Was she targeted because of her activism, her crown? Did her pioneering spirit make her enemies and will her family ever truly get the justice they deserve?


One thing is for sure. Lynn Eusan broke down walls and opened doors that can never be closed again. Her death remains unsolved, but her impact is undeniable. My thoughts and prayers are with the family of Lynn Eusan Anne. Anyone with information about her case should contact the Houston Police Department. Their contact information can be found in the description box below. As we close out this episode, don't forget to click the follow button to stay updated on this case and others like it. Be sure to subscribe to Hunting for Answers on YouTube and follow us on Instagram and TikTok for more true crime updates.


Thank you so much for joining us on another episode. Until next time, Hunting for Answers is a production of the Black Effect Podcast Network. For more podcasts from the Black Effect Podcast Network, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows,


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to it in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


This July 4th, celebrate Freedom from spills, stains and overpriced furniture with Anna Bay. The only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly pricing sofas started at just $699, making it the perfect time to upgrade your space. Anna Bay's pet friendly, stain resistant and interchangeable. Slip covers are made with high performance fabric that's built for real life. You'll love the cloud-like comfort of hypoallergenic high resilience foam that never needs fluffing, and a durable steel frame that stands the test of time with modular pieces. You can rearrange any time. It's a sofa that adapts to your life. Now through July 4th, get up to 60% off sitewide@washablesofas.com. Every order comes with a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping, no restocking fees. Every penny back. Declare independence from dirty outdated furniture. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank, na and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.