
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts. Let's Get I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything in everybody. You That Lucy, you know, if you don't lie about that. Right? Lauren came In. Hi. Hey y'all. What's up? It's Lauren la Rosa and this is the latest with Lauren la This is your daily dig on everything. Pop culture, entertainment, news, in the conversations that really shake the room. I am your host with the most as always. And today, here with me. Tell again. What up do we actually, over the weekend went to a Lennox City. It was Taylor's birthday.


Jess Hilarious. Had a comedy show. Jess as funny as hell, like Yeah, it was my first. Was that your first time seeing her on stage? No, that's my second, I think. Okay. That was my first time seeing Jess on stage. Of course, you know, I work with her here at The Breakfast Club, but seeing her on stage and like in her element and in her standup bag, I was just like, wow. Like I, I, it blew me away. Like I expected her to be good, but I feel like being on stage and doing standup is such a hard thing to do. But doing it and like being able to show that you're a star while doing it, only few people can do that. Yeah. And when I was watching Jess on stage, I'm like, yo, here's like, this is, this is her superstar element right here.


Like this, this right here, nigga. Like this is it for her. Like, this is amazing. She was so funny. And it just was like, I felt like she carried the story throughout, from top to bottom. I felt like I was watching a movie. Yeah. Like it, it was right. Like all the jokes connected with the joke before it had like, the overarching thing. She just did her thing. Y'all, she did her thing. So shout out to Jess. My mom wanted Get her a special. Huh? Get her a special, right? Yeah. I told her that to this morning. I'm like, yo, why haven't you shot a, a special yet? Like what? We just, what I just watched in Atlantic City needs to be a special. She says she's, you know, just trying to figure it out. But my mom was excited. It was, that was one of her Mother's Day gifts. She kept asking, she wanted to go see Jess on stage in person and then she was so excited to meet you and she loves the fact that she about to have a baby.


Yes. Oh my god. Now she keeps talking to me about having baby. Jessica was like, you Trying to give Lauren one? Give me one. Like, you just wanna randomly walk around with my baby for nine months and and give it to me. I love you mom, but look at Jess Back on the ground. But I'm feeling amazing. This weekend was good. I got to sleep a lot. Court drained me last week. How you feel? I'm tired. My legs hurt. I'm getting even massage later For sure. Oh wow. Is it because we did a lot of walking Yeah. In Atlantic City. A lot of walking that Whole weekend. I just feel like it's been up on my feet A lot. Yeah. Yeah. Like, I don't know how to sit down. We had a good time though. I'm, you know, I love your family. Your, your, your family that you're building.


I love Patrick Big Patrick, not the Patrick in her belly. And then my family got to meet you guys as well too. It just always feels like family with y'all. So thank y'all for accepting me. All my like craziness. Yes, but getting right on into the latest man. Woo. This is, this is a, a, a really tough one for me. Recent news broke that Joe Biden, former president Joe Biden, is actually has been diagnosed with an aggressive state of prostate cancer. I received a statement from the personal office of former president Joe Biden. And this is how read last week, president Joe Biden was seen for a new finding of a prostate nodule after experiencing increasing urinary symptoms on Friday.


He was diagnosed with prostate cancer characterized by a Gleason score of nine grade group of five with metastasis to the bone, which means it spread to his bones. While this represents a more aggressive form of the disease, the cancer appears to be hormone sensitive, which allows for effective treatment. The president and his family are reviewing treatment options with physicians. When I tell you guys it triggered me so much when I read that because my mom is a stage four cancer survivor, lung and brain. And I remember when, at the time when we found out, I've talked about it here on the podcast with you, Taylor. Yeah. When we found out, we had been going back and forth to the hospitals, like probably we were, I was living in the hospital at that point up here in New York because my mom wanted to come to specialists up here and they had overlooked it for a year.


And I just didn't understand how you could overlook something like that. And, and cancer, it just moves so fast and it just does all of these things. And so when I heard that, the first thing I thought of is like, how could this happen? Like he's the former president, he's a recent, recent former president. He's an older man. I'm like, what's happening during his appointments? Like, are you guys not testing him? Why not? If so, he's also really big because his son, one of his sons passed away of cancer. Him and his wife Jill Biden, like in Delaware, they lead. So, and, and just across The World, you know, the nation, they lead so much conversations around like cancer research and funding and just, you know, education around it.


And so many things. I'm like, this is unfair. Like how did this happen to him? I don't get it. And, and it doesn't mean it's the end because you get cancer, but it's just, I don't know. I just, all weekend I've been asking how this makes no sense. Yeah. How could this have happened? Think about it. Like, he's always working. Like how does he go to the doctors? I I don't know how that works for the president, but I'm assuming it's pretty often because I, I don't, not necessarily. But also too, there's a thing of, it's like even if he was going to the doctors, you know, there are cancer's, cancer, cancer reacts, each type of cancer is different. Each level of cancer is different and cancer shows up differently for different people.


So like I know people who their cancer was, it was aggressive from the, the, the start of them trying to fight it. And I googled it 'cause I just wanted to make sure with prostate cancer that that, that, you know, was something that could happen. And when I googled his, his type of cancer, his level of cancer that they mentioned, I did see online that it can be aggressive from the offset from the outset. I'm sorry. It can be aggressive from the outset, which means it can enter your body in that manner. But the fact that they're saying that, you know, he will be able to effectively management that means that they do believe that he's gonna be responsive to treatments is a really good thing. I just, man, I was so confused when I saw this. Like I had so many questions, but there was a lot of outpouring of love for him, which I was happy to see because I know a lot of times people like to make things so politics and not about the person.


And he is a person with a wife and a family and grandkids and you know, you don't want I don't wish bad on anybody. Yeah. And, and you shouldn't do it over politics or political beliefs. But Kamala Harris posted for a former vp, Kamala Harris posted how her and her husband Doug were saddened to learn the president's prostate cancer diagnosis. They're keeping him in his prayers and their, in his entire family and the prayers at the time. But she said, you know, Joe is a fighter And I know he will face this challenge with the same strength and resilience and optimism that has always defined his life and his leadership. We are hopeful for a full and speedy recovery.


Even Donald Trump with humane in this, which I was gonna be pissed off if he was not. He said, Melania And I are saddened to hear about Joe Biden's recent medical diagnosis. We extend our warmest and best wishes to Jill and the family and we wish Joe a fast and speedy recovery. I had tweeted, you know, just talking about how messed up cancer is because it's kind of like a nightmare. It's like you don't know when it's gonna come. Yeah. That's what it gets me. Like even talking about it right now, your heart just drops. Right. Like that's how I felt when I saw this. I'm like, wait, what? No, like this is not fair. He's older. Like why does he have to go through the treatments and be tired and all of those things. But I just wish him well And I know right now it's important for him to be covered by a lot of love, surrounded by a lot of love by family in a stay hopeful.


But in other news, 'cause you know, love to take y'all to court, love to take y'all to court. We're headed back on over to the courtroom with Diddy this week. This is technically week three of the trial if you're including the jury selection. But now we are moving on to our second witness. So victim Jane, who is the other witness that a lot of people were, were thinking we're going to, we're going to, it was gonna be an explosive testimony, has now took the stand. We now know that victim Jane is Dawn Rashard or Dawn Richards, formerly of Danity Kane and Dirty Money, which were bands that Diddy created. She worked with Diddy from 2009 to a little after 2011.


But I actually, I got to meet her when I did an event a few months ago for Black Radiance and Cross Colors, the clothing brand. And she performed and we met there and, and you know, exchanged phone information and, and have talked a bit. So I, I was always wondering how it was gonna be because I knew she would probably end up in court potentially. She came in after Cassie finished her last dead testimony and, and Cassie finished that testimony. She finished it strong. I think Diddy's team, I think they messed up a lot. I think last week the prosecution definitely took it. You know, there were a lot of things that they were trying to prove or disprove when it came to Cassie's credibility about, you know, when she was actually sexually assaulted and some of the stories she told. And I think that they didn't understand that, number one, a lot of people are going to always revert back to all of the physical violence that we saw her have to go through and endure and have the conversation about Stockholm syndrome and her making these decisions because she was in love with a man.


And you know, and, and, and that's common for a person in her seat. And I actually did NBC New York on Friday to recap my day. And one of the questions that I was asked, or one of the things that we talked about was like, you know, there was reporters in the courtroom who really couldn't understand how even in talking about him on the stand, Cassie said things like, I still don't hit him. Yeah. She said things like, you know, he was charming. This man was full of life and she, she didn't seem malicious on the stand whatsoever. And I'm like, no, I can understand that. If you've ever met him and, and, and, and and kind of experienced his personality, yeah, you understand what drew her in. But then when you see her go through all of that Abu abuse, you understand what, what, you know, what Emini here, like where her mind and her thinking would've been.


I'm not gonna lie though, the, the, the defense was really good at bringing those things to the forefront and putting them in your mind and make, you have to have a conversation about what you believe and what you don't believe. But I don't think that it fared well for them at all. I do believe that the prosecution is, you know, doing a really good job right now if even subtly about making sure the jury doesn't remember, does not forget that Diddy has been very viciously violent physically to one of the main women in his life at a lot at the time of a lot of this who was involved in a lot of this. So it's like, what else is he capable of? Yeah. And I think that that's the thing. And now enter Dawn Rashard and her testimony, and yo she got on the stand Friday.


Tell her they barely let my homegirl speak. Why? Let me not say my homegirl, they gonna be like, yo, they been on me. They gonna be like, Lauren is being biased. Well, she got on the stand and she began telling the story about an incident she claims that she saw in 2009. And in 2009 she basically said that she saw Diddy and Cassie get into it physically because of food. I guess he wanted food that wasn't finished and, you know, it was a whole thing. And he, Cassie over the head, allegedly Cassie fell in the fetal position the next day he came in on some don't say nothing about this because people who say stuff about things like this when it comes to me allegedly, he said they go missing. So the prosecutors are like, oh no, your Honor, we need to be able to have her testify because this shows like an environment of fear that he created, which made it easier for him to coerce and fierce people, force people to do stuff.


Yeah. Diddy's team is like, nah, y'all not about to put every single person that has had a physical, physically violent experience with Diddy on the stand. We've admitted to him being physically violent, but y'all not about to do that. It it, it's not relevant. This isn't a domestic violence case. The judge said, well we gonna figure this out on Monday and Ms. Rashard, we'll see you on Monday. So she's coming back, she's coming back this week to testify. Okay. And I, I think they're gonna have to probably limit and be very Emini here. They do this anyway, not limit, but they're just gonna have to be on our Ps and Qs about what they object on and not object on. But I think, to be honest, I'm not for sure if I think that Dawn's testimony is gonna be, you know, one of the ones that brings it home.


I feel like James Cruz, who was a former manager of Cassie and a, a long term, a long time business person with Diddy. He worked with Diddy for a very, very long time. And I think he's gonna be a strong witness because he has no ties in this. He's not suing anything civilly. He wasn't in a relationship with Puff. Yes, he worked with him for a bit, but he has no ties in this, it, it doesn't serve him either way to be on that stand. People can argue that, oh, Dawn has a civil lawsuit, so she's trying to be awarded money, so that's why she's here. People can argue that about Cassie. The defense is focusing on that so much. Like they're trying to dismiss all of the violence and all that things that we've seen with Diddy and focus in on vengeance, money and jealousy.


But it's like on His side. Yeah. But I feel like I get what they're doing, but I don't think it's playing well for them because the violence that we saw was so much. Yeah. Like seeing photos of Cassie and watching that video, like it, he's not on trial for domestic violence, but Emini here, if if you're physically violent like that, of course people are gonna be scared. Right. Like, and and that's what people are leaning into, not people. And that's what the, the prosecution is trying to lean into. And going into this week, I'm gonna be interested to see how Diddy's defense team kind of blocks those things without downplaying what happened and what we saw. Yeah. And Aubrey, I was gonna say, I was gonna ask you about that, Aubrey.


Yeah. 'cause people were wondering if Aubrey was going. So she was Going on a whole thing for a few years with him. Yes. And people were saying she was vindicated when all this news came out. But she had posted a photo saying she was coming to New York and then she got here to New York and actually ended up right here in the iHeart building doing a TJ and Amy's podcast. And she talked about the fact that she was not testifying. She was reached out to by the prosecutors, by the feds. They did interview her, have a conversation with her, but they decided not to use her. And we don't know why. And, And I don't think that we ever will because for them it's a strategy thing. But if she had been picked, there's no way she would've been posting like, New York, what's up? I'm here.


Yeah. There's no way I like these things are, are so discreet. Like when you are becoming a witness of the prosecutors and the government, like it is very, very discreet. So ain't no way she about to be running around. And I, and honestly I think if, if, if right, if I'm prosecutors, and this is just my opinion, if I'm prosecutors and I'm gathering my case, I would go with, 'cause Dawn, Richard, and ABR Day represent very similar times in, in the story because of the making the band and all that stuff. Right. They both have two different experiences, but it's different timelines. I think if you're leaning into Cassie so much, because Cassie is, you know, the person that we've seen be physically abused so much by Diddy and you and you're a prosecutor and you wanna prove that because of this physical violence and, and you know, all these things, he's able to make people do what he wants them to do without any rebuttal or without pushing back because they're scared of his threats because they know that they're not empty.


I would lean into and, and, and I'm choosing Dawn to get on the stand from that time period because Dawn is alleging she saw things happen to Cassie. Yeah. And Didi's attorneys argued, well Cassie herself didn't even get on the stand to talk about that. So how can we infer how she felt by that moment? How do we even know it's true? He said in the courtroom, we're gonna move to Senate that this's not even true. But how we gonna determine how she felt when she didn't even go understand and talk about it herself? Did she talk about all the incidents that happened though? Tell her And that is why you are smart. No, that's what I'm saying. Why I don't, there's no way. And they were together 10, 11 years. That's what I'm saying. So why are they saying like, 'cause she didn't mention doesn't make sense. There's no way. And I think that's why the judge is, you know, willing to hear it out because it's like we know that she was physically abused.


Yeah. We saw it. You can't get around that. She doesn't have the detail every incident. Yeah. Because we know that it happened. Now the conversation is because it happened, did all of this other stuff happen and let's focus on that and let's not focus on what did and didn't happen because we know that she was physically abused. Now to Diddy's defense team's point, do we know if Cassie herself would've corroborated? Like, yes, this actually happened with Dawn said is true. We can, we can't infer that. And that's what the point that they're trying to make is like, we don't even know if this really happened because Cassie herself didn't say that it happened. 'cause there's no police report, there's no this, there's no that. Right. But I don't think that that takes away, I think you leave that up for a jury to decide.


You leave it up for a jury to decide, okay, because we know he's capable of this. Was he capable of that? And if he was, does it equal to all of the counts and all of the things that the government is alleging? That's not for the attorneys to decide it's not fair. Yeah. Because you're automatically gonna cancel things out because you're his attorney. It doesn't make any sense. But I will say though, in the beginning of this, I was like, yo plus legal team is on point and they are on point. And I felt like they were doing really good at creating these like big gaps and holes and stories, but me and they leaned too much into the wrong things. And I talked about it on my social media. Make sure you follow me at Lauren la Rosa everywhere where I do breakdowns right after I leave the court. I did a video And I named three ways that I, in my opinion, I believe Diddy's legal team messed up during the final day of testimony for Cassie.


And it'll explain a bit more now, real quick, as we enclose, take y'all to the streets, to the tweets. You for the tweets, we, we, every other page go. One of the things that I've realized, and Taylor I know you be on social, but like I know you be like kind of in your own world on social. So I don know if you've been seeing it like over the weekend, one of my videos went really, really viral. It was the one where I was talking about Diddy's legal team debunking a lot of Cassie's testimony on the stand. And oh my God, it made people mad. People were like, oh, she's not a girl's girl. And I'm not even gonna read some of the comments 'cause they was crazy on Twitter.


But all I did was tweet the video and the caption of the video. I think it said like week two, I'm gonna find it. I think it said like week two. Day two. Here it goes. So I I, I tweeted a video And I said full recap from Cassie's first day testifying against video is live. And the caption of the video on YouTube that I linked to says Cassie's first day of cross examination.dot Do wasn't good. And here's why I said that. And I want you guys to go take a a listen to this video. It's on my YouTube channel. It's on my Instagram as well. YouTube is Lauren la rosa tv. Instagram is Lauren la Rosa. And, and me. I'm like, people just hear what they wanna hear and that's okay. But in the video I'm having a conversation about how I felt like Cassie as a star witness, who we know has been physically abused, who has, she has things that Diddy cannot deny.


Yeah. Because it's on camera, right. I just felt like prosecutors should have protected her better and prepared her better for certain things. There were text messages, you know, she said that she didn't even go over with prosecutors. There was like a lot of things like that. Yeah. Wait, so they're saying you're not aggress goes because you don't, I should've instantly just, I should instantly just take up for Cassie. And I, And I will say in this trial and in anything that I report, I'm never going to just did not like not see everything first and make a final decision at the end of each day out of court. I have been saying, okay, today if I was a juror, I would've voted this way or voted that way. But it changes day to day. Some days it leans in favor of, you know, Diddy's legal team for that day.


Other days it's Cassie for that day. But because I'm not like Diddy lock Diddy up and throw away the key. And I've been saying from the beginning that he's going to jail. There's no way he ain't going to jail. Now I don't know if it's gonna be for the rest of his life like the prosecution wants, but he's definitely gonna jail. He's guilty of some things. They're upset about that. And this video, especially after following her last day of testimony, this video went so viral because I'm being honest about how I felt watching her on that stand, not able to answer certain things or not being able to track certain things And I don't be, and, and on Friday I was so confused about how I felt. I didn't even post a video 'cause I didn't wanna misspeak on behalf of her.


And, and, and, you know, sexual assault victims and things of that nature. I, I literally didn't even post a video breaking down what happened in court. 'cause I didn't wanna talk about the, because they leaned so much on her last day testimony about her getting her dates wrong, of the actual alleged rape in her home. She had said August and then, and and then she said September. I didn't even get into that. And the reason why I didn't was because at first I'm like, okay, I get what they're trying to do. They trying to blow up her credibility. And then I took like hours. I didn't even post until nothing until the next day I had conversations with people and you know, just sat there with myself. And I'm like, I thought about like, yo, if that's a traumatic experience, I don't care what you filed and where it's written down at, you might get that wrong.


Yeah. But my thought process naturally, And I think that that's why a lot of people are gravitating toward my content is because I'm being honest about how I feel in the moment. Naturally, my first thought was, wait, how could you not remember that date? But I'm also not a survivor of sexual assault. Right. I don't know what that's like, I don't know how traumatic that is. I don know what that does to your brain and your think through. You know what I'm saying? So people are upset about that. How do you feel? Do you feel like I feel I I have to be like, No, I think it is, they're not there in the court with you, so you're only going by your own judgment with it. And then like, especially too, I'm seeing it on the media. So, and you know, media can turn people's thoughts and persuade them a whole nother side too.


Yeah. But I think because you're getting the real deal of it, it's more genuine and more factual. Personally, As long as I do everything with great intention and, you know, I I for instance, like Friday, I didn't jump to just record a video 'cause I'm like, I do wanna be respectful of people who have gone through, you know, alleged sexual assault or domestic violence in general. Like, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. So I'm being careful with it. I'm being, you know, responsible. That's what the word I'm looking for. As long as I keep my level of responsibility intact, I'm okay. And, and, and I'm good with that. And I'm good with the, I'm good with where I am As you should be.


Period. So that has been another episode of the latest with Lauren La Rosa. Thank you guys so much for tuning on in Lowriders. Y'all are like my community. Y'all have been showing up for me across social and because of that we've been able to do things and go places and Emini here. I went to NBC in New York here at 30 Rock. And the first thing that they wanted to talk to me about was the podcast and the low riders and how excited they are and the fact that they listen to the podcast. So continue listening. Continue to tell a friend, to tell a friend that right here, right now is a time to get your entertainment news factual, firsthand and very strongly opinionated From Lauren la with the latest, with Lauren la Tweet me, Instagram, me, let me know. I know how you guys felt about this episode. As always, I love to engage.


I'm Lauren la And I will see you guys in my next episode. You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.