
Listen to me. This is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passion you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with Prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now,


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Karlous Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career. And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


This is Rob Parker from the Odd Couple with Rob Parker and Kelvin Washington. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra with the available I Force Max Hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


I can't count that much. 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. You know where i's at? Yes sir. Two, two. Two, two. Okay. Yes. What's up? Know where is and got the motherfucking og. Come on. Yeah. This ain't, Hey man. Welcome back to the 85 South Show. Now look over here at the 85 South Show. We have made it our business to invite all of the ghetto legend. Oh. We wanna speak to all the ghetto legends, all hall of fame. This man right here is definitely certified ghetto legend himself.


Yes sir. He been talking big shit on rap game. Part of one of the biggest groups in rap history. The movies. The big three come. Yes sir. TV show on cartoon. Big teenage mu. Come on. Educated nigga. How? What do you want? Ice cube car Caru. Hold on. How y'all do it? That's how y'all do it. Like Yeah, he hit It without having to twist the spin. Yeah. You know that's the, we do it like this. You put it on the side. Okay. Okay. First of all, we gotta say thank you. Yes sir. For all the work you put in, man.


All the game you put us up on all the movies, all the, everything you contributed to the culture, man. Thank you man. Thanks. Inspiration and Checking it out, you know what I'm saying? Thanks for absorbing it and you know, making it part of the culture. Alright. First thing I gotta say before we even start doing anything, doing first shit, I gotta say, because I know you be online. I know you done seen the fans been making posters, putting DC in Friday for the last 10 years. What we gotta do to get DC in there, man. Not too much. Not too much. You know what Emini here wants to come around. We going, we gonna make it happen. I Bet. Make it happen. Yeah. Speaking of Friday, like you always talk about the executive side And I think that's something that is important to talk about.


Like what made you so understanding of that side of the business being an artist so early, you know what Emini here, you came in and was already a superstar, so you coulda had people around you take care of all of that. What made you wanna be so involved in that side of the game? Oh, that's the fun part. You know, creating, you know, being able to to, you know, touch every aspect of the project. You know, this is, is what we get off on, at least me is the creative part. You know, I love the finished product, you know, but you know, I'm just addicted to the journey, you know what I'm saying? Addicted to, you know, putting it together, the meetings, the creative input, you know, people coming in with they talents and, and and the pressure of getting it the day, you know, you do all this planning but you usually only got one day to shoot these scenes, right?


Yeah. So that's the day we need you to be the shit, you know what I'm saying? We need you to be, you know, on your top level. So to me all that's fun. And then the finished product, you know, we show it to the people, they love it and you know, I'm usually off to the next, Now you've been in the, you've been in the game for quite some time and that's not Something to say to be like, oh no, you old school, no young buck. You want to be in the game. Of course For Quite a long time, man. Which period was the best? Because you, you are a, a icon. You are a staple. You Every era President.


When it was, when, when, when yo the beginning stage. The shit that y'all like that NWA shit. Yeah. It can't be recreated. It can't, it can't be duplicated. You dig what I'm saying? So which one was The most it time? Oh man. You know, the beginning is always the most vivid. You remember the beginning, right? More than, you know, the, the, the whole journey. So, you know, just starting off as locals and you know, being underground. You know, we didn't, we didn't even know. Yeah, you said rodeoing and swap meet. We didn't even know the music we was doing was gonna make us big. Right. We thought we was just gonna be local, underground, ghetto stars.


That's what we was trying to be, you know, get people in our own hood to really dig it. 'cause they was fans of, you know what we considered the pros, you know, they was fans of the Run dmc, the Rakims, and you know, everybody doing it on a major level. And so we figured if we can just, you know, make noise in our own neighborhood, then you know, we can get a little bit of love. 'cause y'all ain't run, DMC ain't coming around here, you know what I'm saying? Rakim ain't coming through here, but we are. Right, Right, right. So we, that was our plan to to, you know, conquer Compton watt, south central LA and, and then, you know, as soon as we like put our mind to that Right, it went the other way.


It blew up. It went, it went instead of going more underground and went up. Right. Now, let me ask you this, as a hood nigga, right? Last week you fucked around and got a triple double. Yeah. Yeah. Just as a, as a gangster rapper. Nigga fucking around. Just fucking around. Like just in the hood, fucking around. Jumped out the six four triple double on these niggas right quick. And who was keeping the stats right? Well you know, I kept my own stats, you know what I'm saying? They keep their own stat nigga. I Know I got 10 points Know, You know, playing niggas been missing And I know I got at least 11 rebound at least. You know what I'm Saying? So know I used, I used to play basketball All the time.


You know what Emini here, it was like we'd be at the studio shooting hoop, you Know, just having fun play With Kat. He will, he the best. Nah, I ain't never played with Kat. Never played. I probably retired by the time he came. Kat Gonna call me. I can't believe you really asked that Question. And I, the video cube shot. Yeah, I had a hard a hook shot. I said man, what type of, I used to play drib, like this play, I Used to play with a lot of big niggas when I was little. So I had to develop a shot to get it over they ass. So I developed this, you know, kind of like going to the basket. But I'm not going for a layup. I'm actually going wider. Right. To throw that fucking hook up.


Hey, that was ain. Going over go. Today Was A Good Day for a black man. That was a hell of a day. That was great. Hell of a day. That was amazing. Day freak been trying to dig the 12th grade. Come On man. Come on now. This Had to be, come on man. Then when you woke up and hey, hey get up. Went outside and read the lights of the Goodyear blimp. What It said cubes, blimps are illegal nigga. That's like 11 blimps in The World. It's, he says it was a Goodyear blimp. Yeah. You know, Who's The World? It's a good day man. You know, I just wanted to, it was a trip because when I did that song, you know, niggas in my crew was like, what is this man?


What you, before I, before I relay it, I was just rapping it on the paper. Fuckers like, what you talking about Q You a hardcore rapper nigga, you can't be Having a good good day having good time, nigga, what's going with you man? You be depressed nigga Blasting. And now I'm like, nah, you know, I'm a reality rapper and nigga I'm having a good day man. I'm rap about it. Yeah. It is okay to feel Good. It's okay. That right. That's crazy though, to go from your basketball line that you just said to the big three, like your love of stuff show. Its like you saying that you enjoy creating. I'm like, oh, okay. That's why you wrote the movie. You know what I'm saying?


That's why you, the basketball thing, that's why you got the big three and that ain't no easy shit to do man. And he's stepping outta any sport, man. And and you facing a lot of opposition with that. So I just gotta tip my hat to that. Thank you. Yes sir. Got his own knee, man. But these niggas out here balling, man, It is the hardest, it's the hardest shit I ever had to do. I'm gonna try to do an entertainment because you know, hip hop was already here when I started. You know, rap was there, movies was going when I started, you know, they got basketball, but they don't have three on three. And then to try to elevate it to the professional level and get, you know, first people to take it serious and then for people to become fans, you know, that that's been a, you know, that's, that's not been the hard part.


The hard part is going against this opposition from other leagues. They don't want new leagues to come in because you start, you know, cutting up that, that sponsor dollars. There's only so many dollars to go around in the sponsor world. NFL want it all NBA want it all MLB want it all n hhl, you know, all these other established leagues, they want all their money and they have a new league coming in, siphoning those funds into our league. It's just a lot of people hating on that and trying to stop it. And you know, you gotta you gotta be down to fight for what you believe in and can't be scared.


You gotta be down to to, to go after the big boys. You should be used to it. You said fuck the police. Yeah. Emini here. You know, You, you been going against the system since you came in the game, man. That's the only way I know how to do it. 'cause like I said, we thought we was gonna be locals and we didn't know. So we was just being real. And then when it start to blow up, now you have, you know, reporters in our face. You got people, you know, coming at us with all kind of opposition, you know, from the FBI to, you know, billboard and all these established music, you know, publications is everybody's coming after us.


Even music industry, rap industry, the government, you know, PMRC, which was the parent music resources, some shit like that shit to, to us, you know, we was like, yo, better than, you know, Crips coming after you. You better than Bloods coming after you. You know what I'm saying? This is easy. Like to deal with these people. They just talking, ain't nobody gonna pull out no pistol. You know, it's just gonna be a bunch of questions. And and then we went through that storm and realized, you know, hey, we, we pretty unscathed.


You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like keep going. You know, don't, don't let nothing stop us. And that's been my attitude in entertainment. Don't let nothing stop Us. So to go from fuck the police. Now you talking to presidents and shit like that man, what's, what was that transition like to cover that much ground to go from fuck the police? Like I got a plan, I need to go holler at somebody. Yeah. You know, well the plan was really a plan for us. Like for us to have a 30,000 foot view of the, the big problem. You know, after 2020, George Floyd, everybody was saying this need to change, this need to change.


And they was coming from all angles. It was mostly on police brutality, brutality and law enforcement and all that shit. But then I was like, man, this problem is bigger than just police brutality. It is, it's a economic problem. It's social, it is, it's a wide issue. So I got with a bunch of scholars and started to research, how did we get here? How, why do we have it so fucked up in this country? And came up with a, with a plan that I thought, you know, could help us get out of it if the country was serious by making a turnaround.


And I put it out there and just to be clear, these people came to talk to me. They was asking, could you come in, talk to us about your plan Democrats and Republicans. So I was like, man, no problem. Shit. What you want to know? Here's how, here's what we thinking on this, here's what we thinking on that. And some people ran with it, some people didn't. You know what I'm saying? But to me, I felt like I had the resources and you know, I, I had the, just the, the energy and, and the passion to take a long look at it. 'cause nobody was doing that.


You know, it's like man outta all these people that been through office, ain't nobody came up with a plan for, for us. Right. You know what I'm saying? Nobody, you know, from, you know, going back to Jesse Jackson and third grade Marshall and all these, like, nobody came up with a plan and went to the government and said this is what we need to do to, for Black People to start, you know, gaining the rewards out of this country that we putting in, putting in a lot of tax money and shit. But I ain't getting no benefits of it or just bullshit benefits. And then, you know, it became controversial because one side looked at it, one side didn't, and now they was trying to use me as a political football, like you with him, you with them, you with that, you with this.


And I'm like, I ain't with shit. These motherfuckers called me. You know, I was minding my own business. I did this plan for us to look at and now everybody thinking I'm, you know, this or that or the other. And it wasn't true. So to be honest, it's just, you know, giving a fuck, you know, seeing an issue and trying to address it and, and, and you know, the best way we can to to, to get the government to look at it and fix it. And so that's how you go from, you know, doing movies, music. You get in a position with people.


Now, did they say respect your opinion? Did they say some shit you could use? Did they give you some insight? Who the people you was talking to with the plan, did they say any good Shit? Man, you know, it's, it's all a, it's all a game at the end of the day. Everything in that plan, them niggas knew. It wasn't like I was coming Up with Bringing up something they didn't know. They know what's going on. They know they not giving us what we need. You know what I'm saying? That's part of the plan. And you know, that's what you realize when you get to them levels that, you know, people just capping to get a vote and then when they get the vote, they gonna go do what the fuck they want to do. Yeah. Man, you seeing that It happens.


That's that's the game. Yeah. You know, you see hip hop now with all of the, you know, the, the, the way that people are affiliated with all this different type of stuff and niggas is going to jail and all that. You come from the city of gang banging, but you never was affiliated with anything. How did you manage to navigate that and what advice could you give the new artists to how that they can navigate it and being able to become as successful as you are without associating yourself with something that you know you might come from, but you don't have to be a part of. Just make up your mind. You know, everybody in LA affiliated, affiliated with something. You can't be from LA and not be from somewhere. 'cause every neighborhood is somewhere, somewhere, you know what I'm saying?


Every neighborhood you In from something nigga, It is somebody hood that you part of. And it was no different from me. It's just, you know, making up your mind. Like I saw, I saw something in music and being creative that took a lot of my time, took a lot of my attention, took me off the street And I was in the studio. So in them years, 14, 15, when you making a decision on what you want to do, you know you gonna be a rider and you gonna be a regular guy, you know what Emini here, that age, that's when you start making those decisions. And thank God I was hanging with Dr. Dre and making music and you know, in them years I'm thinking about something creative and positive and just bringing in money and you know, it was just fun.


Good time Talking about this shit for a long time was like sellouts and the in the black people who just black yo on the outside who don't really give a fuck about the black community and yeah, even in the music with the like who's the mackin and shit like that where you always made fun of the sellout black people bro. Yeah. Emini here, you know, it's, it, it's a thing where you can't forget where you come from of course. And you gotta look to help people that's ready Right. Everybody ain't ready to ride right. Everybody ain't ready for, you know, they're not ready for prime time so everybody can't go.


But you know, always reach back. You know, I've always reached back talent or, or people or just, you know, people from, from a neighborhood that can help, you know, help me, you know, on my journey. And you know, the people that's serious, that's down, that's willing to to change they life. They get to go the people that's still on that bullshit. They got to go. Yeah. They got to stay. Yeah. And speaking of of of of giving back, like you always going to get people. I don it don't matter. I don't hear the bullshit. They coming from a lame who don't, who don't know nothing about nothing. I can tell off the projects that you bring.


You don't have to put niggas in the movie if you don't want 'em in. Yeah, yeah, that's true. You Feel me? Yeah, yeah. Straight up. Yeah. You have made so many movies with other niggas in it that, that it put them on. Yeah. You know, it's, look, somebody put me on, John discovered me. Right? I didn't know, you know, he just was like, man, I wanna put you in the movie man. I know you could do it. And, and when I see people And I know they can do it, I be like, I can't wait till I got something for this person or that person or that. And y'all saw him point at me and the key, the key, the key.


Make sure y'all saw this shit. The key is to set 'em up for success. Right. You know, not to just put 'em in anything with any role or but to give them that perfect role where they can get busy, they can like, you know, steal a scene or two and then from there continue to, you know, to show The World what they got. I was like, I was happy that I had a way to show the guys that I thought was funny and, and good that wasn't getting, you know, the shine that I had a project or something that they was right for and they, you know, was down to do it trusting me and, and you know, yeah.


I'm busy, went crazy. Do you have a defining role like for yourself and one that you wrote? Do you feel like you have Not really, really? You know what Emini here I'm not like looking to play any, all this shit thing, you know, it's just like, you know, whatever's dope, you know, And I don't have to be the one to think of the idea, you know, sometime like barbershop that was somebody brought that to, to, you know, Tim's story and them dudes brought that to the Q vision and we did it. And so, you know, I'm all, I'm up for that too. You know, was another movie that that was, was dope. Brought it to us. We put the polish on it and end up doing it.


The new year is here and you wanna stay locked in on whatever you're into. Amazon Prime is a cheat code. See a lot of people think Amazon Prime is just about getting those packages delivered faster than you can say. I forgot to order that. But really prime is not just one thing. It's all things. A place to stream movies and shows with prime video, Amazon music and that free one day, same day delivery is everything you need to make the season stress free. Picture this, you're watching Thursday night football and Prime video and the friends are coming through. You need the last minute snacks and drinks, Prime's. Got you. You wanna kick back and chill after the game. Prime Video's got the movies and shows to keep your night rolling. And if you wanna wind down Amazon music's got the playlist to keep the vibe just right. So whether you're hosting, chilling, or just trying to make it through the hustle of the week, I know I'm doing all things above. Just know prime's got your back. It helps you explore, discover, and get more of what you love all in one place. So visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into. Whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. Stay farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor is State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


What about we did yet? Yeah, that was another movie. That was Adam Sandler was supposed to do that. For real. Oh for real? I ain't had cable during that time. I watched that movie 3000 Times. That turn show She get busy. I like Had a sequel No Care. So yeah, he was supposed to do the movie, he couldn't do it and then they was like, yo, would you consider doing a movie for for kids like that? And I'm like, I was the key. I said yeah. I say yeah I I want to do it because for one black kids don't get movies facts. Right. Done. You know, in that way.


That's right. Special facts and the stunts and the just a big movie for for black kids, you know. And so, 'cause I had little five year olds coming to me saying you Craig, you got knock the fuck out and all this shit. You like a little Yeah little ass going watching that movie. So I said I need to do something for the little bitties you got get knocked the fuck out. Fans got kids And I know they watching Friday when they should be watching some shit. Like all there. My little brother played to a certain day There. No Friday. Friday. Oh yeah. Every day. And I wanted to ask you this, they know I love Car.


You mean him. You always got a dope ass car bro. That in the contract somewhere. You got a nice ass ride Emini here six Fold the Dough Boy head. That shit was soak The Gold on gold. Yeah. Yeah. That was hard. The 90 96 book. Yeah. Yeah. I definitely requested that Impala right there. I had Impala, you know I had one for real. So I was like man this ain't, this ain't been in a movie yet. Right. Put this one in a movie. Right. Yeah. I, you know, I try to make sure my shit is right in the movies. I know a lot of people got fly ass cars and call 'em up man. You want your shit in the movie. They like, yep. Who I need to give my number to over there. Right.


Give, keep up right there. Yeah. When you did Friday and they wanted to come with The Secret. Right. Yeah. And when OG wanted to go do his thing, how did you manage to transition and say, you know what? I ain't even tripping. I can respect both sides but I still got to be me. I gotta go find new talent and we got to keep this franchise going. Well I knew like, okay everybody got a crazy friend but everybody got a crazy cousin too. Right. So I'm like, well since Smokey not gonna be in the movie, I gotta, I gotta take it off the block. Right. Because everybody's gonna be like, we're smokey at if we steal in this Right, you steal block. Right, Right. I said okay, I'm gonna take Craig off the block.


He worried about Deebo fucking him up and he gonna go live with his cousin. And you know, finding Mike Abs was like a jewel. Like when I first seen him, I knew he was Dayday first. Seen him on stage and just was checking him out. And I was like, this nigga is hilarious. Like his comedy was all over the place. It was here, there everywhere. Right, right. And it was just hood and funny. He was funny and I said he could play my cousin and it, you know, it to me, you know, I wanted Chris to be in every movie, but I'm glad Mike Gabbs, me and Mike Gabbs, we done did some great movies together.


Jackie Od Man promoted Benjamin, I was about the Benjamin be one Of mine Jackie, that's All about the Benjamin got the Fish, but that When your fish died, nigga. Oh yeah. Jelly Roll Lost it. Yeah. That boy Jelly Roll by Jelly Roll. Like you said, That wouldn't have happened without probably, you know what I'm saying? Everything reason somebody else getting the opportunity, man. Exactly. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So no, but you Work well with comedians though. You, you do ride along with Kevin Hart, One or two. Yeah. Yeah. You know some of my, all my buddies are funny. Like everybody that's, we look serious. Everybody, you know my la and do our shit, but we just be laughing our ass off Over shit.


But can that be the thing, like all your characters you want play the serious role, but they'll end up saying some funny shit where you like, you make 'em like, they make you like, like them at the end of the movie. Like you all right. Yeah, I was talking, You get your shit, you get your shit off in there too amongst great. The media Definitely. You know the the key to me is, you know, not, not trying to be funny. Right. You know what Emini here just, you know, let the situation ride. Right. Let the comedians or whoever I got, that's they job, but my job is to support and throw them jabs in. Yeah. Right, Right. That middle of, you know, you know the, the, you know, comedian I'm working with getting busy, you know, it's a comedy and you know, it's really the cast and the people around that's really making the movie super funny.


I'm, I don't have to be, you know, I'm not a comedian so. Right. All you gotta do is play your part, Get that straight, that straight man and let him get busy. But one of my favorite Ice Cube characters was from High Learning. Yeah. Fudge Fudge. You played Fudge Boy. Played the Woke Serious nigga. But you still had, you know what, Emini here still kept it real Street and Hood. Yeah. But on we throwing the education shit in there too though. Right, Right. You know, you know, it's, it's one of those probably on every campus, you know. Oh dude who been there five years. No campus inside now, but also know all the games and you know, trying to spread that knowledge, which we all need.


Yeah. Players Club is another one. Man. Like, just nigga players club man. You know what, with Bernie Mack? Like was that, did you have a hand in that? Hell yeah, I wrote directed That movie. Emini here I'm saying Emini here as far as Casting Specifically pick. And I specifically wrote Dollar Bill for Bernie Mac. Yeah. That's, that's hard. That's one of the greatest of all time. Yeah. Bernie, you know, tell Him Country boy nothing. Yeah, like nothing. He done been in a lot of movies, but it is hard for, to me, for anybody to, to mess with that players That's performance for sure Know. We just, I just let him get busy. I was about to say, how much of it did you write it?


How much of it did you Just say action and then let Bernie do what he did? Well you know, I wrote, no I don't, I don't, I don't start with a whack script. Right. The script gotta be funny out loud while you reading it before I even start. So if I, if I have a script that's funny out loud while you reading it, the, I know when I give it to, you know. Yeah. Somebody like y'all, you going go, you know, you, it's, it is solid. It is funny. If you just said it how it is, it'll be funny. But I know when I, you know, let dudes add they little flavor to it and stick with the script but also add those, you know, curve balls in there that it just take it to another level.


Now when you took it to another level like Anaconda Yeah. Playing some shit. I know y'all was in the swamp. Yeah. So you was like I can't get in there. Well you Hell yeah. Hey hell yeah. That's real. They got snakes in there. Real, you got snakes in there? In there, in there? Yeah. The reason I did Anaconda was 'cause like the nigga didn't die. I was like, yo, That I saw giraffe, I saw Jurassic party. That nigga live, that niggas Died in the first five minutes of the movie. Man. Yeah. So I'm like if y'all want to be in this movie, I can't die. Right. And, And I want to help kill the snake.


Right. Yeah. Right. And Niggas like, all right. And they rewrote it And I was like, okay, I'll do It. Angelina Jo Lee, daddy, that shit crazy. Jay. He know We shot that shit in Brazil now. Not Rio Nigga. Right. S that was in Amazon Now Brazil in the middle of the Amazon. Ooh. Yeah. In the middle of Amazon. And that shit was Scary. For real. I know that shit scared for real. Shit. Scared Mosquito mustache. That movie shit. The shit What You say? Shit in Amazon Don't care. We doing the movie. Right. Yeah. You know what Emini here they, man it was like, it was a part where you had to go in the water. They told me you, you gotta get in the water.


What one? I'm like the Amazon Water nigga. This one. It's like Back then I didn't really know all the special effects. I'm like man, just do some special effects And shit when I'm walking through the water. It Was like, nah man, you gotta get in. Right. Everybody getting in, man. You know it's a part where I'm like, well where the fuck I gotta go right now? The the, the Amazon when it rained, it rises, it rises 30 feet. God. So you at the top of trees, you on the boat but you're seeing the tops of trees. Right. And so I'm like, wait a minute, how we gonna get in this water man?


So the water's supposed to be ways high. So he said we made a plank where you can walk on this plank and it'll keep you waist high, but if you step off the plank, you out the way there. I'm like, it took him two hours to talk me into that scene. Two hours. For real man. I ain't going, I ain't doing it man. I don't give a fuck. Shoot it without me. Right. Shoot it without nigga. What the a IQ ain't Gotta be in that part. You know what I'm, so I'm looking at where I can cut. If I cut this out, I ain't gotta go. I don't go in the water. Right. But it was like, man, we need you, we need you, we need you. So after a while, man, I put on scuba gear and all kind of shit.


Right. I'm like God damn man, this's some real shit. Right. It's some real shit. I'm ready to get out this water man. You know what Emini here you need, fuck this movie shit. Right. It's, it's, it is man, it's it's real Ana Conna out there. It's, you know Piana, it's all kind of shit in that water man. And so it was, it was, it was type of was Yeah. I was like man, what the fuck am I doing with my life? Right. You know what I'm saying? I'm in the middle of the Amazon doing a goddamn movie and in this bullshit water, you know what I'm saying? So it all turned out cool. You know, we was actually really scared of the electric, the, the, the mechanical snake.


It had a mechanical snake that these fucking college kids built and that motherfucker went haywire one time almost fucked up Jennifer Lopez, it malfunctioned and that shit just started to tear up the set. Oh shit. Almost swung this shit looking real ung and almost hit her in the face and shit. And they had to grab her out there so the middle was in. So we after that, everybody looking at this fucking snake like damn we scared of this motherfucking thing For real because it was like this metal skeleton, the black one. But it was wrapped in this like a tire damn there.


So this shit was Hitch you going? Yeah, fuck your face up. And we Acting with this shit and we like man this motherfucker malfunction just popping nigga right in the mouth. So we scared of this thing for real. Right, right. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah it definitely brought up Nigga can't tell Ice Cube in a gangster nigga ain't never did that. South Don't matter how many drive by you today. You, you ain't never been in a Amazon fighting a snake. You did Triple Head. Yeah. Yeah I did. You did do Triple head. Yeah. Outta all them. Which one was the best one? Where you like damn All About The Benjamins all about That shit really crazy.


That would make me smile. He like, that shit went crazy. Yeah that was, that was fun. You know we shot that in Miami and you know it was like, you know, try to make, you know this action comedy right. That was my first time going after the action comedy. Y'all Destroyed title and it was cool, you know, we didn't have a lot of big budget but we made it work. Don't You make all your great movies with the low budget Shit? I wouldn't consider Low Emini here. Three 4 million ain't low budget. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You know in Hollywood it is actually. Yeah. Ain loaded Down. That ain't no low Budget. Actually 25 is low in Hollywood.


Yeah. Wow. And make movies. Yeah. Give us a low 300 million. 300 million. Yeah. Give us a low budget take come up. We ain't we building no snakes. We'll build something though. Just 25. We we we'll use your money for sure. And back to the music man, like you are literally one of the greatest to ever touch a microphone, man. Thank you. What, what, after all these years of, of being at this high level, what makes you still wanna do that part? The rapping? I love it. You know, like, like when we first came out, we didn't think we was gonna make no money. We just was having fun being able to do something different. A lot of people wasn't rapping when we started. So it was unique.


You know what, Emini here, you come in, you bust everybody, you know into it. And, and it's always been fun, you know, of course it got serious when I started getting deals and having to pay back budgets and all this kind of stuff. But now I do my own records. I've been doing my own records since oh six and that shit is fun. 'cause I ain't gotta worry about paying nobody back. I just, Yeah. Do Your thing. Do my thing. Lemme ask fun With this. You know, the, the game done changed. Everybody done heard about some of the, the terrible record deals and you know, the snakes in the game. But when, when young artists come up to you or ask you for advice on the music game or contracts, what, what you tell 'em When it comes to contracts and stuff like that, like, you know, everybody has a different situation.


You know, some people can make their own music and you know, before they even try to shop a deal and then some people, you know, need that budget to even make a record. So it depends on where they coming from. But you gotta know this, you got your own music, you got your own record, you can do content visuals, you own a hundred percent of that. So you basically signing to go give somebody a piece of all that, yo what you on a hundred percent of you are signing to give somebody a piece of that.


And so you know, it it, you gotta look at it on that level. Like I could see if you were just discovered, somebody say, yo, I wanna do a record on you, you sound good. Okay. It's cool for them to get a piece of that. But if you create and do everything, you should be trying to look for ways to put it out and keep everything if you can. If you can't then make a deal but don't go give up your whole project for a little, you know, 10, 12 points or whatever when you own a hundred percent of it right off the jump. So, you know, we just gotta look at it in them terms.


You know, you do your own content, you on that until you go give it away Straight outta country. How much of that is true? All of it's true. All of it's true. You went in there and demanded your shit. Yeah, I went in there with a bat. That's Documentary. Yeah, that's why they wanted you to get in that water nigga. We saw the clip get in the water hug just the jerry With a movie like that, when you making a movie about real life, right? And you trying to squeeze 10 years into two hours or three hours or whatever. What what you end up doing is a summary of what happened.


So certain things might have happened in a month, you know, certain situations, but you gotta get it out in two scenes. So you try to figure out how to create a scene where all these, all this information can get out and make sense. So you know, everything is true but everything might not have happened in that one scene. Like you see us in the studio one time and I'm like, yo Jerry, what about the contracts? You know that probably happened over two or three weeks of right. Okay, yo what the fuck? You know, boom, boom working, you know, talking shit working.


But in the movie everything is like just crunched and summarized so it's all true. It's just, you know, timeline is closing into two hours when things should actually be stretched. Be be stretched a little bit. Somebody never heard Ice Cube before. Somebody never heard your music. This is what song is Ice Cube playing for a person that never heard Ice Cube? Oh man never heard Ice Cube song. I definitely play. It was a good day. That's The one Definitely play. I gotta Ask you this. No Vaseline. Yeah Uhoh Man that's one of the hardest motherfuckers Songs. It's the hardest damn suck Your That y'all sit it off Man.


Like what was that day like recording that I had, I had to rap. I didn't tell nobody the lyrics, I didn't, I didn't want nobody to even hear what I was saying because I didn't want it to get back to them what the record was. So just kept it in my book. I knew what I wanted to rap over, which was Dana Dane had a record called Cinder Fella. Cinder Fella Dam. And they used da, they used that Daaz beat to get to, nah, nah, nah, nah.


I'm like, man, he used that a long time ago. I'm about to flip this shit. So I had DJ pool, couple other, the producers I was working with just flipped the beat and it was just rolling. I was like, all right, I'm ready and put the beat on. I went in there and wrapped that shit and they was just quiet when I came out the booth. They was like, God damn cube you putting that out? I'm like, yep, I motherfucker going on the end of the record it was like, God, it everybody just was like eyebrows up like man hold you nigga, we better get ready.


Right? It is coming. Right, right. You know what Emini here, this shit about to get crazy around here. So yeah, it just blew they mind. Everybody was just tripping that, that I was going that hard and you know, yeah, somebody asked me, man you gonna put that out? I'm like, yeah, that's going out. That's going out.


The new year is here and you wanna stay locked in on whatever you're into. Amazon Prime is a cheat code. See a lot of people think Amazon Prime is just about getting those packages delivered faster than you can say. I forgot to order that. But really Prime is not just one thing, it's all things. A place to stream movies and shows with Prime video, Amazon music and that free one day, same day delivery is everything you need to make the season stress free. Picture this, you're watching Thursday night football and Prime video and the friends are coming through. You need the last minute snacks and drinks. Prime's. Got you. You wanna kick back and chill after the game. Prime Videos got the movies and shows to keep your night rolling. And if you wanna wind down Amazon music's got the playlist to keep the vibe just right. So whether you're hosting, chilling, or just trying to make it through the hustle of the week, I know I'm doing all things above. Just know prime's got your back. It helps you explore, discover, and get more of what you love all in one place. So visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, learn, learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


This Is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


Another one. So am I. Another one you went crazy on though is Jack for Beats For. That's another one. One of my favorite ice cubes that year. And once upon a time in the Pride. What's That? What's our favorite one? We be coming. Everybody like when the girls shake something, nigga break. Nothing We bumping. That's my shit. What about the one with you and Matt? 10? It was the number Head pause. What's that one with you, Matt and the other one? Yeah, it was, come on man. West Side Connect Gangs Make The World Go Around. Oh shit. Summer Dope songs. Yeah. Summer Vacation Man. With what was the first one you said before from one time on the project in 89.


So many dope beats came out. Like all these records came out with all these beats And I was just going crazy like damn, I wish that was my shit. Damn. I wish that one was mine. And one day I was like, you know what, I'm gonna do a song with all these niggas beats just cut 'em up every beat I like, I'm gonna rap over that shit. Was you the first to Do that at that time? Emini here. I'm the first one I know to, to Put it on the record, niggas might have been rapping on other people beats in the projects, but to put it out like you put that out. See it was, how did you get that clear time in the project? Man, that was a headache. I was about to say, how you get that clear You fuck around.


I'm a rapper. I had Ice Cube rapping on my beat. Better than me. Fuck that nigga. You can't put this out Man. They, they, they cleared it but what, what, what was hard? Like I was sample like D Nice is the first record they call me D Nice is the first record on Jack for Beats. But that nigga had sampled it from another record so I had to Pay him. And So yeah nigga this ain't even your check this go To him man. It was on a few different beats. They had used other people's shit so I had to double pay. Damn You was Sample of the sample. Sample. Yeah, sample. You must have really liked that.


So yeah it was, you know that that mother fucking song, you know it's only a hundred percent of publishing. I think that motherfucker was like a thousand percent of Goodness gracious man. But you always been known for being the writer too, like Yep. You wrote a lot of raps for other people Man. Yeah. You ever be in that bag where you just, you knocking the motherfuckers out and you like, nah, I don't even know if I want to get this nigga this one I had a song called a Gangster's Fairytale that was supposed to be a eae song. That motherfucker was so hard, they was tripping, talking shit. I'm like, nigga y ain't y till we resolve this shit.


Right. It going stay in my notebook. I ain't gonna talk y'all about this. Right. Yeah. And and then we broke up And I was like, this motherfucker mama. I changed little boys and girls, they all love me. Come sit on the lap of Eazy E and let me tell you a story or two. I just changed it. Come sit on the lap of ICE and let me tell you a story or two and just kept on rolling. Ooh Nigga. Nice with it. Now you've been writing rap songs 35, 40 years. Damn that. What's, how long it take you to create some shit now? What's your process? It, it depends, you know, if I love the beat, if I got the concept, if it's been, if I've been sitting on this concept for a minute, then you know I can, I can write, I usually write two verses, you know, off the rip.


Just I'm leave till I got two verses and two hooks and then I'll go think about that third verse like how do I sum this song up? How do I put the bow on it and wrap it up so that third verse might, you know, just take me another time to go back in there and just work on the beat. Were you Always nice with words? Like did you read, you know back then motherfuckers when you read? Yeah, I was, when I was young, You know some I don about read, no nigga wasn't reading man, it was illegal When I was young I used to, you know, my teacher tell us, you know, just got off Christmas vacation, what did y'all do?


I'd be able to write, you know, vividly what, what we did. And one day it got into, she read it and it was so cool, she put it in the school paper, like the little elementary newsletter. So I'm like, damn, that's my name, that's my shit. I wrote that. So it got me where I was like, oh shit, I can write like people dig what I write. And, and then when I graduated from the sixth grade, they asked me to write a speech to to you know, speak to my graduating class and shit. So I was did that And I got up there And I, And I delivered the speech and everybody was feeling it.


They was clapping and shit. So I'm like damn I can, I can write it And I can deliver it. You know what Emini here I can arti articulate it. And so that's where I knew, okay I got, I got something here. And then rap came into my life about two years later when I was 14. And it was, it was a trip 'cause me and my homie kiddo, we was in a typing class. That's when they had typing. Kids don't know nothing about typing. Yeah. Typing class. Typing Class is Young and street punks. We didn't want to be in there. Yeah, we, we, we don't belong in this class, you know, it's just, we didn't get our electives.


We was late. So this is all they had left. You got the name, what this is all they had left. So looking at this nigga, I'm like, yep, what the hell? I don't wanna be no secretary. Come do one in here. So he looked at me one day, he was like, man you ever write a rap before? I was like, nah. He said you write one, I write one. We'll see which one's the best and shit that. So I was typing out a Rapp and shit. You know what Emini here thinking his shit typing and my shit was better than Hiss though. Right, Right. He was biting people shit. I'm like, I heard the fat boys say that. You know what I'm saying? Like Mine was original and I just never stopped after that day.


Just right. Be trying to tell my raps to people. Motherfucker was like, come on man. I was all offbeat and shit. Didn't know how to, to like flow it. Right. I could write it but I, I had to learn how to flow and fucking went. The homie Jinx from down the street, only nigga that had DJ equipment and instrumentals and shit. He was like, man, come to my house 'cause you gotta wrap that to a beat. We gotta, you gotta find the flow on this shit. Right. So threw on the instrumental And I started to figure out okay the cadence and I'm like, oh this shit is fun.


Bouncing on this beat. And I was just down there every day. Niggas was clowning me. Niggas in my neighborhood. Why you going down here man? Hanging out with this dude man, fuck you ain't nigga you run DMC now nigga, you Curtis blow nigga. And I would be like, man, fuck y'all, when out here we be in there hours man. Right. EJ is scratching and watching him, you know, try to, you know, we was all trying to get good and he just kept on. And then one day he was like, you know what my cousin is? I said, nah, nah. He said, Dr. Dre nigga. I was like, Dr. Dre listening to them fool. And I'm like, he said yeah he made a record.


I said, nigga, you got a cousin made a record. He's like, yeah he pulled out a record Dr. Dre in's surgery. He put that motherfucker. I said, nigga, that's your cousin. I don't even meet this nigga man. This nigga is actually, you know I'm a fan of rap music. This nigga's actually doing music. Right. Like he's doing a record on. Right, right. Got a record. So I was just addicted. It was like, man, when he coming over, man, when he coming over, that nigga would never come over. I'm like, nigga ain't your cousin. Nigga could go. And then one day a nigga called me, they was having a barbecue or some shit. Nigga called me.


He here nigga, come on down. Yeah. I'm grabbing no books, nigga running down there. Right, right. And the last thing this nigga want to do is hear us rap. Right. You know what Emini here, he enjoying the barbecue. He pulled me. Yeah. He in there with, you know, Amy and cousins and everybody and we just in the garage with the equipment like, man, when is this nigga come back here? Right. I'm see Dre, you coming back? Yeah. He said he coming right back. We was in there another hour. I'm like, man, come on nigga. Finally came back there. All right, we let see what y'all got. So we start busting.


He was like laughing at the shit I'm saying. I'm like, oh okay. Got this dude. Then I started, he ended up coming over a lot after that. Then we just was hanging out and then he was like, man you wanna go to the studio? I said, hell yeah. Took us all to the studio and then I, that was Lonzo Williams spotting Compton. He, he ran the wrecking crew and man these niggas had equipment. They was doing beats and shit and I'm like damn, this is a dream come true. I don't want to go home. Right. Yeah Zo, you might spend a night right Here. We could do this shit all day.


I still got a thousand questions Man. Man, you got another project, A new album coming down, new album coming out, Man down man down November 22nd, Let's go down right time. I got that song out right now called, it's My Ego. It is My ego. Video is real. It is My ego. Video Is looking real movie-like it like Cube, getting back in a movie bag. You know what I'm saying? We wanted to do a big video, not just you. Just a visual. Yeah, just a thank You man. Come on Doing just visuals. You know, I wanted to do a real video and it's got a lot of traction and shit and we got, we got a remix called Egomaniacs. The out killer mic is on it.


Me busted rhyme. Yeah. Got a whole town that thing. Yeah, Let's go. And so the album will be out, you know, on the 22nd Quintessential Ice Cube. You know, if you've been an Ice Cube fan, you gonna love this record. Well def I ain't trying to be nothing. I'm not, you know, I'm just trying to, you know, give you a fast ball right down the middle. You brought your pastor widget in? No, that's Stanley Nigga from that is Stanley Nigga. That's Stanley nigga you. I been looking at that the whole time. I'm like, bro, I think that I wanna walk on this nigga. Grand.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. He bro, you real nigga bro. He from Stanley. Man, I got CW here too. Picky driver right there. The nigga in the door right there. Nigga got in the car he shit, I don't give a fuck man. Fuck this your first time in the trap.


Don't let it be your last man 85 South Show y'all Very entertaining man.


Residents at BrightView, senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dallas Corner in Herndon and BrightView, great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services. Who various daily programs and cultural events, chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and Insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Ing ing. Oh, French Dressing. Exactly. Oh, That's good.


I'm AJ Jacobs and my current obsession is puzzles and that has given birth to my podcast, the Puzzler. Something about Mary Poppins. Exactly. This is fun. You can get your daily puzzle nuggets delivered straight to your ears. Listen to the puzzler every day on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What have you asked two different people, the same set of questions. Even if the questions are the same, our experiences can lead us to drastically different answers. I'm Minnie Driver And I set out to explore this idea in my podcast. And now mini questions is returning for another season. We've asked an entirely new set of guests, our seven questions, including Jane Lynch, Delaney Rowe, and Cord Jefferson. Listen to mini questions on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Seven questions, limitless answers.