
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Boes Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


You know you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback, Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Why would you Do that to me? Los Angeles 2021, A friendly neighbor appears out of nowhere and promises to make all my dreams come true. Let's Not forget that David Bloom was a professional con artist, so you didn't stand a chance, But my dreams soon turned into a nightmare. I'm Caroline De Moe. Listen, as I take down my scammer on Once Upon a con on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus, you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


On today's episode, if I didn't know, maybe you didn't either. We're gonna take a trip back in time to Jasper County, Mississippi. Black folks was out there, thriving, bought land built businesses, created their own little empires, but then some white folks saw this and thought, you know what? This needs little bit of violence. Enter the K, k, K. These dudes like, oh, your farm is successful. We're gonna burn it. Oh, your house is nice. We're gonna burn it. Your happiness. Oh yeah, that's gotta go too. I Even after all that, the Klan wasn't done in 1932, they burned down the Paulding Courthouse.


Now, this wasn't just some random arson that was strategic because that courthouse held the land records for the black families in Jasper County, Mississippi. Meanwhile, the records for the white families were chilling in another courthouse, miles away, untouched, real convenient. No. Then a few years later, along comes a company called Masonite. They're like, oh wow. Look at all this land just sitting here. Guess it's ours. They ended up with over 9,500 acres of land, and we've already done the measurements of acreage. This season. One acre is roughly the size of a football field, so 9,500 football fields worth of land that used to belong to black families.


And lemme tell you, that land wasn't just sitting there looking pretty. It was full of oil, timber and gas. Millions of dollars came out of it, but now a dime went back to the original owners. You see this, the stuff they don't teach you in school. That's why we have, I didn't know. Maybe you didn't either, because see, they'll give you dates, wars, and treaties, but they skip over the part where entire black communities were systemically erased. Not because they weren't successful, but because they were successful in this situation. It was titled Imminent Domain. And this ain't just some dusty old story. It's a reminder that the game has been rigged for a very long time. So if you're sitting here listening today thinking, what can I do?


Learn these stories. Share these podcast episodes, challenge the systems that allowed this to happen and keep showing up because Black excellence isn't just a moment, it's a legacy. And no matter how hard they try, they can't burn that away. And I didn't know, maybe you didn't either.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past, Discover's accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now It Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


Why would You do that to me? Los Angeles 2021, A friendly neighbor appears out of nowhere and promises to make all my dreams come true. Let's not forget that David Bloom was a professional con artist, so you didn't stand a chance, But my dreams soon turned into a nightmare. I'm Caroline De Moe. Listen, as I take down my scammer on Once Upon a Con on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts, John Stewart is back at The Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and Insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more.


Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Blessing. Blessing. Oh, French Dressing. Exactly. Oh, that's Good. I'm AJ Jacobs and my current obsession is puzzles and that has given birth to my podcast, the Puzzler. Something about Mary Poppins.


Exactly. This is fun. You can get your daily puzzle nuggets delivered straight to your ears. Listen to the puzzler every day on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.