
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Bettering your business takes working with the best. With the James Hardy Alliance, you gain access to leads, training, networking, and support from the number one brand of siding in North America. Achieve new levels of success by joining the James Hardy Alliance today.


Welcome to my legacy. I'm Martin Luther King, I third, and together with my wife, Andrea Waters King. And our dear friends, mark and Craig Kilburg. We explore the personal journeys that shape extraordinary lives. Join us for heartfelt conversations with remarkable guests like David Oye, o Mel Robbins, Martin Sheen, Dr. Sanjay Gupta, and Billy Porter. Listen To my legacy on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This is my legacy.


Yo, what up? It's your girl Jess. Hilarious. And I think it's time to acknowledge that I'm not just a comedian. It's time to add Uncertified therapists to my credentials. Because each and every Wednesday I'm fixing your mess on carefully reckless on the Black Effect Podcast network. Got problems in your relationship. Come to me, your best friend acting Shady. Come to me, thought you was the father, but you not come to me. I can't promise I won't judge you, but I can guarantee that I will help you. Listen to Carefully Reckless on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Alright y'all, on today's episode, if I didn't know, maybe you didn't either. Let's talk about someone you probably didn't learn about in school, Biddy Mason. And if you're like, who's Biddy Mason, don't worry. In the words of the great Michael Jackson and you are not alone. History books really be out here acting like they on a budget for black excellence, don't they? So Biddy Mason, born in 1818, enslaved in Georgia. And listen, they didn't even give her a last name.


Just Biddy like naming someone. Hey you. The disrespect started at birth in those periods. Anyways, Biddy gets dragged across the country by her Enslavers ends up in California. And guess what? Slavery was illegal there. But do you think her owner cared? Of course not. Colonizer from the South pretty much acted like he was immune to the California laws. Now Biddy with no last name, coulda stayed quiet, but nah, she was a black woman. You know that wasn't happening. She went to court and y'all in 1856, she won her freedom and her kids' freedom. Now let's just pause on that for a second. A black woman in the 1850s standing up in court and winning as a boss chick before Boss Chick was ever even a thing.


But wait, it gets better. 'cause after she got free, she didn't just chill with it. You know what I'm saying? Biddy was out here working as a nurse and a midwife stacking paper. Biddy saved up and bought land in Los Angeles for $250. And that land grew into a fortune worth $300,000. That's millions on millions of dollars today. Basically she became Don Peebles of real estate before Don Peebles in real estate. And what did she do with all that money on? Did she buy a yacht? No. Did she start flexing on TikTok? No. She gave back. She built schools, helped feed the homeless and started the first African Methodist Episcopal Church.


That's right. Biddy was out here being Oprah before Oprah. So why don't we know her name? Why are you today years old when you found out about Biddy? Well, probably 'cause history books be like, and we can't have her outshine in the Founding Fathers, but we need to talk more about her because Biddy Mason is proof that no matter where you start, you can change the game and help others along the way. So next time somebody asks you for a black history fact, hit 'em with Biddy Mason. And when they say, who's that? Look 'em dead in the eye and say, I was listening to, I Didn't Know. Maybe you didn't either. And I found out she was the original CEO of Glow Up Incorporated. And I didn't know. Maybe you didn't either.


Welcome to my legacy. I'm Martin Luther King ii, and together with my wife, Andrea Waters king and our dear friends, mark and Craig Kilburg, we explore the personal journeys that shape extraordinary lives. Join us for heartfelt conversations with remarkable guests like David o, Mel Robbins, Martin Sheen, Dr. Sanjay Gupta, and Billy Porter. Listen To my legacy on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This is my legacy. Yo, what up? It's your girl, Jess. Hilarious. And I think it's time to acknowledge that I'm not just a comedian. It's time to add Uncertified therapists to my credentials because each and every Wednesday I'm fixing your mess on Carefully Reckless on the Black Effect Podcast Network.


Got problems in your relationship. Come to me, your best friend acting Shady. Come to me. Thought you was the father, but you not come to me. I can't promise I won't judge you, but I can guarantee that I will help you. Listen to Carefully Reckless on the Black Effect Podcast Network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What have you asked two different people, the same set of questions. Even if the questions are the same, our experiences can lead us to drastically different answers. I'm mini driver And I set out to explore this idea in my podcast. And now mini questions is returning for another season. We've asked an entirely new set of guests, our seven questions, including Jane Lynch, Delaney Rowe, and Cord Jefferson. Listen to many questions on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Seven questions, limitless answers.


You are cordially invited to the hottest party in professional sports. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party, your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf. Featuring interviews with top players on tour tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country Club. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the Party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.