
Listen to me. This is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's, not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passion you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy, and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with Prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now


We all have a moment that splits us wide open. On my new podcast, wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, I'll sit down with trailblazers from sports, music, fashion, entertainment, and politics to explore their toughest moments and the incredible comebacks that followed. Listen to Wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, an iHeart women's sports production on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


The OGs of Uncensored motherhood are back and badder than ever. I'm Erica. And I'm Mila. And We're the hosts of the Good Moms Bad Choices podcast, brought to you by the Black Effect Podcast Network every Wednesday. Yeah, we're moms, but not your mommy. Historically, men talk too much And women have quietly Listened and all that stops here. If You like witty women, then this is your trust. Listen to the Good Moms Bad Choices podcast Every Wednesday On the Black Effect Podcast Network, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you go to find your podcast.


How serious is youth vaping irreversible lung damage? Serious one in 10 kids vape serious, which warrants a serious conversation from a serious parental figure like yourself, not the seriously know-it-all Sports dad or the seriously smart podcaster. It requires a serious conversation that is best had by you. No, seriously, the best person to talk to your child about vaping is you. To start the conversation visit, talk about vaping.org. Brought to you by the American Lung Association and the Ad Council.


Have Y'all ever heard about the Wichita Monrovian? Well, on today's episode, if I didn't know, maybe you didn't either. Lemme take you back to 1925. Picture this an all black baseball team taking on the KKK in Kansas. I'm talking about a real game. Bats balls, bigotry, all on the same field. Sit back so I can share the most gangster sports story you had never heard in your life. Now the Monrovian, not the Moravians, the Moravians are members of the Moravian Church.


The Monrovian refers to the baseball team named after Monrovia Liberia. They were the Wichita Monrovian and it was a Negro League baseball team in the 1920s, and they used to put belt to As. But lemme set the scene. It's June, it's hottest fish grease, 102 degrees in the shade, and these brothers roll up to play against the Ku Klux Klans on baseball team. Now, first of all, I ain't even know the KKK had a baseball team. You mean to tell me these fool got time to hate and learn how to bunt, how you multitasking your racism and get this, both teams agreed to bring in two Irish Catholic umpires, but Catholics was on the Klans hit list.


So basically everybody on that field knew they were playing for more than just runs. This was about proving something. It was black excellence versus white supremacy. And y'all know damn well excellence always got a better batting average. So boom, the game starts and it's a straight up dog fight. Great pitching back and forth. But then the Monrovian got hot. They came through with them clutch hits, slid in the bases like they was dodging Jim Crow laws. By the end, Monrovian win ten eight. They didn't just beat the Klan, they embarrassed them. Can you imagine the post game clan meeting? Now, brother Jedi, you said you could pitch. You had them colors out there, smacking balls left and right.


Jedi, we might have to take your white card Jedi. Now you might think, what's the big deal? Just a baseball game? But nah, this was deeper than that. This is 1925. This wasn't just about sports. This was about black folks standing tall, staring oppression right in the face and saying, we'll beat you at your own game. And they did. Now, fast forward to today. What's the lesson? We still swinging y'all. Every time we excel in places that they said we couldn't, we're still channeling that monrovian spirit. So the next time someone tries to play, you just remember, if the Monrovian can beat the Klan in 1925, you can handle Karen in HR on Monday.


You didn't tell bad because I didn't know. Maybe you didn't either. I didn't Know. Listen to me, this is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's, not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passions you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about.


Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime. Now, The OGs of uncensored motherhood are back and badder than ever. I'm Erica. And I'm Mila. And we're the hosts of the Good Moms Bad Choices podcast, brought to you by the Black Effect Podcast Network Every Wednesday. Yeah, we're moms, but not your mommy. Historically, men talk too much and women have quietly listened and all that stops here. If you like witty women, then this is your try. Listen to the Good Moms Bad Choices podcast every Wednesday on the Black Effect Podcast Network, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you go to find your podcast. We all have a moment that splits us wide open. On my new podcast, wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, I'll sit down with trailblazers from sports, music, fashion, entertainment, and politics to explore their toughest moments in the incredible comebacks that followed.


Listen to Wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, an iHeart Women's sports production on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


When I smoke weed, I get lost in the music. I like to isolate each instrument, the rhythmic bass, the harmonies on the piano, sticky melody. Hey, hey, hey, hey. Careful babe. There's someone crossing the street. Sorry, I I didn't see 'em there. If you feel different, you drive different. Don't drive high. It's dangerous and illegal everywhere. A message from Nitsa and the Ad Council.