(0s):
What would you do if mysterious drones appeared over your hometown? I started asking questions, what do you remember happening on that night of December 16th? It actually rotated around our house looking as if it was peering in each window of our home. I'm Gabe Leonards from Imagine iHeartPodcasts and Leonard's Entertainment. Listen to obscure invasion of the drones. Wherever you get your favorite podcasts,

(31s):
The more you listen to your kids, the closer you'll be. Find resources to help you support your kids and their emotional wellbeing at sounded out together. Dot org. That's sounded out together. Dot org, brought to you by the ad council and Pivotal.

(46s):
Hey you guys. I'm Catherine Legg. I'm a racing driver who's literally driven everything with four wheels across the planet, and I've got a new podcast, it's called Throttle Therapy. This season, I'm competing in some of the world's most notorious racing events. Tune into my new podcast, throttle Therapy with Catherine Legg, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.

(1m 17s):
I'm so sick of hearing men talk about women's basketball. This is Lexi Brown and Mariah Rose, and we've got a new podcast, full circle every Wednesday. We're catching you up on what's going on in women's basketball. We've got you with analysis inside stories and a little bit of tea. Full Circle is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to Full Circle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports

(1m 46s):
On today's episode of, I didn't Know, maybe you didn't either. I will share with you two HBCUs that I hold near and dear to my heart. One's a ram, one's a Rattler, and 500 miles separates the two I. I didn't know. I didn't know. Okay, buckle your seat belts and let's take a road trip through Black Excellence. First stop. Winston-Salem, North Carolina, Winston Salem State University, founded in 1892 by Simon g Atkins.

(2m 28s):
You know how bold you gotta be? The founder of university in 1892, that man said segregation, Jim Crow. Ain't nobody got time for that. So he started Slater Industrial Academy, which is now Winston-Salem State University. Back then you were learning brick land and cooking. Today you might be in a nursing lab putting IVs in mannequins or recording your podcast in one of the only Adobe labs on an HBCU campus. Simon Gak is probably looking down at WSSU like that single mom be looking at them kids open them Christmas presents on Christmas morning and don't let me talk about the legends who walked through those doors of Winston-Salem State University. You ever heard of Louis Farrakhan, a WSSU grad?

(3m 11s):
You ever been watching Wilding out and seen Chico Bean? Yeah, bean Ram too. The name of our band is the Red Sea of Sound. Our cheerleaders, oh, you may have seen them on the ground. Stomp and shake Excellence. We talking about powerhouse of red and white. And around 2007 Shavon Estrada pretty much revolutionized the version of Stomp and Shake that we see today, but that's a whole nother episode. One of the most notable chants at Winston-Salem State University is Chewbacca Chewbacca spit. If you ain't around, then you ain't. We try to keep it PG for the children and the elderly that wanna sing along.

(3m 53s):
That's good old su. Now let's head down I 95 to Tallahassee, Florida and visit Florida Agricultural and Mechanical University. Better known as FAMU. They got a chant too. It's usually led by loose kid. He'll say I represent and all the rattlers say Florida Agricultural and Mechanical University. October 3rd, 1887. What exactly FMU was founded October 3rd, 1887. Now, Tallahassee, Florida has seven huge heels and the part of Florida they gave fam was the highest he, but it was filled with rattlesnakes.

(4m 33s):
So the state of Florida was like, y'all can have 15 acres and two mules. Good luck. So what did FAM U do? Turned it into one of the top HBCUs in the country. They embraced those rattlesnakes and became the fam U Rattlers. And if you meet any Rattler, they'll let you know that they're from the highest of Seven Hills. That's right. FAMU sits at the highest points in Tallahassee, Florida, even Florida State. Gotta look up at the Rattlers and they hate that. FAMU is so iconic. It makes you wanna enroll just for homecoming, no cap. I experienced it last year and don't let the marching 100 touch the field. Have you ever seen them perform? The band might do as much work as the football team on Saturdays and FAMU has some of the dopest alumni in the game.

(5m 20s):
Keisha Lance Bottoms, the former mayor of Atlanta FAMU grad. What about the movie director Will Packer? He a Rattler and he even got a performing arts amphitheater right on campus. So whether it's Winston-Salem State University with the motto, enter to learn, depart to serve in the heart of North Carolina or FAMU with the motto, excellence is Caring. Down there in the Sunshine State, these schools are more than just campuses. They're launching pads for greatness, and they're two of my favorites. Okay, bye. What would you do if mysterious drones appeared over your hometown?

(6m 1s):
I started asking questions. What do you remember happening on that night of December 16th? It actually rotated around our house looking as if it was tearing in each window of our home. I'm Gabe Leonards from Imagine iHeartPodcasts and Leonard's Entertainment. Listen to obscure invasion of the drones. Wherever you get your favorite

(6m 25s):
podcasts, Snakes, zombies, sharks Heights, speaking in public, the list of fears is endless, but while you're clutching your blanket in the dark, wondering if that sound in the hall was actually a footstep? The real danger is in your hand when you're behind the wheel. And while you might think a great white shark is scary, what's really terrifying and even deadly is distracted driving eyes forward. Don't drive distracted. Brought to you by Nitsa and the Ad Council,

(6m 58s):
I'm so sick of hearing men talk about women's basketball. This is Lexi Brown and Mariah Rose and we've got a new podcast full circle every Wednesday. We're catching you up on what's going on in women's basketball. We've got you with analysis inside stories and a little bit of tea. Full Circle is an iHeart women's sports production and partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. Listen to Full Circle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports. Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I speak with musician, photographer, and philanthropist, Julian Lennon. One of the really important things that happened to me with photography was I would have people write to me people that couldn't financially afford to travel The World.

(7m 46s):
And what they had all said to me is that you bring these stories to us, you bring the truth, you bring cultures that we would never necessarily know anything about. Listen to the new season of, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.