
The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career and you want an education, employer's respect, so you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. You know when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself, talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences, and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members Have a $0 copay, no insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to talkspace.com. Match with a licensed therapist today@talkspace.com. Save $80 with code space eighty@talkspace.com.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts


On today's episode, if I didn't know, maybe you didn't either. I have a question. You ever notice how football feel like slavery, but with a halftime show? Emini Here, think about it. The NFL combine, that's just a fancy slave auction with wifi. They measuring Wingspans. 40 yard dash times hand sizes a Yep. This one here can carry a whole plantations worth of footballs down the field in 4.3 seconds. Bruh, they got grown men in spandex doing shuttle drills while old white dudes whisper.


They look strong, doesn't he? I'm like, where's Jango when you need 'em? And let's not even start on college football before NIL. These kids is out there getting hit like they owe somebody money bringing in billions for universities and what they get, A cafeteria meal plan and a good luck handshake wasn't no paychecks, wasn't no health benefits, just a coach yelling. You gotta play for the love of the game. Meanwhile, that coach driving a Lamborghini and wearing a visor in the winter, bro, this ain't modern sharecropping. I don't know what is. And what about the NFL owners? Emini here, let's just start right there. You notice how we have to call 'em owners, not managers, not CEOs, owners, just something about that word.


Don't sit right in my spirit. They up in luxury boxes. Like, yeah, run fast to my boy and the players. 75% black coaches, mostly white owners whiter than Unseasoned chicken. I'm just saying, how you gonna have a league full of black folks and not one team called the Atlanta Wakanda? Where's the representation? And don't get me started on the physical toll. They out there breaking their bodies up, getting concussions, and then the league's like, here's a $50 gift card to Applebee's. Thanks for your service. They even added an extra game this year for the NFL. I'm telling you, NFL treats players like old cell phones. Oh, it's broken. Trade it in for a newer model.


Only difference is the NFL don't charge a restocking fee, but here's the twist. Players starting to fight back. Colin Kaepernick kneeled and The World lost his damn mind. Like y'all cool with the injuries, the exploitation, the CTE and the fact that my Dallas Cowboys ain't won a Super Bowl since the Clinton administration, but a brother taking a knee. Oh, that's where we draw the line Emini here. Slavery had rebellions too. Nat Turner and cleats, y'all. We out here flipping the system one touchdown at a time. Here's what I'm proposing. NFL players need reparations. Forget Super Bowl rings. Start handing out 40 acres and a Bentley and let's diversify ownership. I wanna see Jay-Z and Snoop running teams. Imagine the halftime shows.


Then hell put me in charge of the Panthers first move. We changing the name to the Carolina Black Panthers. Huey Newton jersey's for everybody. Ha. So yeah, football and slavery not the same, but let's be real. They could be second cousins. Now if you excuse me, I gotta go submit my 40 yard dash to the NFL combine trying to pay off these student loans. Okay, bye. John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more.


Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts, The ing ing. Oh, French Dressing. Exactly. Oh, that's Good.


I'm AJ Jacobs and my current obsession is puzzles and that has given birth to my podcast, the Puzzler. Something about Mary Poppins. Exactly. This is fun. You can get your daily puzzle nuggets delivered straight to your ears. Listen to the puzzler every day on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What have you asked two different people, the same set of questions. Even if the questions are the same, our experiences can lead us to drastically different answers. I'm mini driver And I set out to explore this idea in my podcast. And now mini questions is returning for another season. We've asked an entirely new set of guests, our seven questions, including Jane Lynch, Delaney Rowe, and Cord Jefferson. Listen to mini questions on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Seven questions, limitless answers.


You are cordially invited to the hottest party in professional sports. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party, your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf. Featuring interviews with top players on tour tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country Club. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the Party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.