
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Boes Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career and you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know, like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or dsw.com.


Lowe's knows how to help you get the most out of your store run. That's why members save more with Mil Lowe's rewards, earn points towards mil Lowe's money on eligible purchases. Get access to member only deals and free member gifts. Plus unlock free standard shipping when you reach Silver Key status. So what are you waiting for? Joined for free today, Lowe's, we help you save loyalty programs subject to terms and conditions, details at lowe's dot com slash terms subject to change


On today's episode. If I didn't know, maybe you didn't either. We are bringing that heat literally because I want to introduce to you someone who doesn't get nearly enough credit. Alice H. Parker don't know her well, you should because if you enjoy not freezing your butt off every winter, she's the reason for it. I didn't know Alice Parker was this brilliant black woman born way back in 1895. So already, you know, life wasn't handing out participation trophies to folks like her, but Alice looked around at how people were heating their homes using wood and coal and thought, this is trash Emini here.


Imagine chopping wood and freezing cold weather just so you cannot freeze in your house. Alice had the genius idea of using natural gas for central heating. Hey, right? She basically said, what if we stop pretending we're on the Oregon Trail and brought some 20th century energy to the situation? How about that? Anybody in agreement with that? And she didn't just dream it up, she didn't just talk about it. She patented the design in 1919. That's like inventing wifi before anybody had ever seen a computer and be clear, her design wasn't perfect. It wasn't what we use today, but it was revolutionary. It laid the groundwork for modern central heating systems. Without Alice, a lot of us would still be huddled up or around space heaters arguing about who gets to stand the closest or them kerosene heaters and go to school smelling like pump 11.


And let's be real. There's only so many toes you can lose the frostbite before you start saying maybe there's a better way, y'all. Now here's the kicker. Why don't we know her name? Why are you today years old just finding out about Alice Parker? And she did this over a hundred years ago, barely a footnote in history. Meanwhile, Thomas Edison farts out a light bulb and we all act like he invented the sun and he didn't even invent the light bulb. But that's a whole nother conversation for a whole nother episode. It's wild how black women like Alice were out here quietly saving The World while getting none of the credit. But her story should inspire us. She didn't let the fact that she was a black woman in 1919 when The World wasn't exactly rooting for her.


Stop her. She had an idea and she made it happen. So the next time you cozy in your warm house, remember Alice Parker. She's the reason you're not out chopping wood like a lumberjack. And if that's not worth a round of applause or at least a thermostat adjustment in her honor, I don't know what is. Thank you Alice Parker for making winter survivable and for proving that sometimes the warmest ideas come from the coldest challenges. And I didn't know maybe you didn't either. Life is the act of custom reinvention that's true for you and for cars. These Nissan reimagine the all new kicks around you. The Bolds personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe.


If Nissan reinvent the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield Technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owners manual for important safety information.


Are you Still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February 20, 24 Nielsen report.


Creativity doesn't wait and moves, shifts, evolves just like you and with a yoga PC from Lenovo. Your tools finally keep up stunning, smart, and sustainably sourced. Yoga PCs from Lenovo are designed to amplify your creativity with AI powered performance. Whether you're sketching, editing, animating, or composing yoga moves with you, adapting to your creativity, to your rhythm, with beautiful displays and the flexibility to shift from laptop to tablet, yoga unlocks new ways to inspire and create because at Lenovo we believe your tools should fuel your flow, not hold you back. Yoga PCs from Lenovo support you at every step of your creative journey. So check out lenovo.com/yoga and supercharge your creativity with yoga. Lenovo Lenovo, Empowering creators everywhere.


CBS Monday, February 24th, introducing the new daytime drama beyond the Gates. Welcome to Fairmont Crest Estates, where the wealthy and glamorous dupre family rules the community with poise and sophistication. That is until a cheating husband and his trophy wife starts stirring up trouble. Find out what happens beyond these majestic gates and behind closed doors where scandal, romance, betrayal, passion, secrets, and revenge await CBS daytime is about to get Soaper the new daytime drama beyond the Gates Premier CBS Monday, February 24th, and streaming on Paramount Plus.