
Life is an act of custom reinvent that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The bold personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvent the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new imagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


You know you've gotta comeback in you. When you take the next step.


You are going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance, this is your opportunity. This is your comeback. Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know, like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour, the boots the turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or dsw.com.


How to have fun anytime, anywhere. Step one, go to Chumba Casino dot com. Chumba Casino dot com. Got it. Step two, collect your welcome bonus. Come to Papa welcome bonus. Step three, play hundreds of Casino style games for free. That's a lot of games, all for free. Step four, unleash Your Excitement. Woo-hoo Chumba Chumba Casino has been delivering thrills for over a decade, so claim your free welcome bonus now and live the cumba life. Visit cheba Casino dot com. No purchase necessary. VG W Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions Apply


on today's episode. If I didn't know, maybe you didn't either. I got a question. Do you ever feel overwhelmed at work? Like your email inbox got 500 unread messages and you just want somebody to stop the earth so you can get off? Well, let me tell you about Major Charity Adams and the Six Triple Eight. These women looked at a pile of 17 million pieces of mail and said light work. I didn't know, But, but but before we get into that, let's talk about major charity.


Adams born in 1918 in Catrell, North Carolina. That's right. She's a Carolinian and she was raised in Columbia, South Carolina. Her dad was a minister, her mom was a teacher. And together they basically raised a human LinkedIn profile. Emini here she a valedictorian math degree from Wilberforce University teaching career. And then 'cause clearly she didn't have enough on her plate, she joined the Women's Army Auxiliary Corps during World War ii, and then she just casually became the first black woman commissioned as an officer. Now fast forward to 1944, the Army gives her a mission lead. The Six Triple Eight, the only all black, all female battalion deployed overseas.


Their job sort. 17 million pieces of backlogged male for soldier stationed all across Europe. Now these women were dealing with warehouses full of letters stacked floor to ceiling. I'm talking about rotten packages, a smell you could probably never forget. Probably smell worse than circus dirt. And did I mention racism and sexism? 'cause of course, it was the 1940s. They weren't just fighting the male, they were fighting people who didn't think they deserved to be there in the first place. But Charity Adams wasn't having it. She was like, look, we're gonna sort this mail and we're gonna do it better than anyone expects. They set up three shifts working around The clock, sorting 65,000 pieces of mail a day.


Meanwhile, I'm over here struggling to archive a thousand posts on my Instagram. And here's the kicker. They were given six months to sort through 17 million pieces of mail. They did it in three, three months. They basically invented efficiency. Their motto was no mail, low morale, because they knew the stakes. These letters were more than just paper. They were Lifelines. Soldiers got letters from their moms girlfriends, maybe a side chick or two. Hell, I ain't judging. War is stressful. But in all seriousness, what they did was absolutely incredible. And here's why it matters today. Major Adams and the Six Triple Eight proved that black women could take on impossible task and knock 'em out the park even when The World doubted them.


That story is about resilience, excellence, and not letting anybody tell you what you're capable of. So the next time you're drowning in emails or a coworker sends you one of those per my last email, passive aggressive messages, just channel your inner Six Triple Eight think hell if they could sort 17 million letters, I can damn sure handle Karen from accountant. And as a matter of fact, Tyler Perry did a movie about the Six Triple Eight. Kerry Washington was the lead. You can find it on Netflix. Shouts to the Six Triple Eight A group that I didn't know, maybe you didn't either. Listen up, man. If you love this series, you can now listen to us every single week starting in March for all types of things that I didn't know.


Maybe you didn't either. Did you know snails have 2000 teeth at least and they're all on their tongue? Or did you know that Jalil White Urkel was supposed to be Rudy in the Cosby Show, but then Keisha Knight Pull, you pulled up and sprinkled some black girl magic on it weekly starting in March. I didn't know, maybe you didn't either. Make sure you following the show on the iHeart app so that you can hear more. Okay, bye. It is Ryan Seacrest here. There was a recent social media trend, which consisted of flying on a plane with no music, no movies, no entertainment, but a better trend would be going to Chumba Casino dot com. It's like having Emini social Casino in your pocket.


Chumba Casino has over a hundred online Casino style games, all absolutely free. It's the most fun you can have online and on a plane. So grab your free welcome bonus now at Chumba Casino dot com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino, no Purchase necessary. VG W Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply. Hey, it's Amy here with some exciting news. Open Booking is here for the top shelf country crews. Now it's setting sale February of 2026 aboard the luxurious celebrity reflection. And you have two ways to book. You can book online, top shelf country cruise.com, or you can call the Signature Cruise Experiences Office at 8 8 8 3 8 1 44 20. Whichever one you do, you're gonna wanna hurry because these spots are gonna fill up fast.


Creativity doesn't wait and moves, shifts, evolves just like you. And with a yoga PC from Lenovo, your tools finally keep up stunning, smart, and sustainably sourced. Yoga. PCs from Lenovo are designed to amplify your creativity with AI powered performance. Whether you're sketching, editing, animating, or composing yoga moves with you, adapting to your creativity, to your rhythm, with beautiful displays and the flexibility to shift from laptop to tablet. Yoga unlocks new ways to inspire and create because at Lenovo, we believe your tools should fuel your flow, not hold you back. Yoga PCs from Lenovo support you at every step of your creative journey. So check out lenovo.com/yoga and supercharge your creativity with yoga. Lenovo Lenovo, Empowering creators everywhere.


CBS Monday, February 24th, introducing the new daytime drama beyond the gates. Welcome to Fairmont Crest Estates, where the wealthy and glamorous dupre family rules the community with poise and sophistication. That is until a cheating husband and his trophy wife stars stirring up trouble. Find out what happens beyond these majestic gates and behind closed doors where scandal, romance, betrayal, passion, secrets, and revenge await CBS daytime is about to get Soaper, the new daytime drama beyond the Gates Premier CBS Monday, February 24th, and streaming on Paramount Plus.