
I'm Mary Kay McBrayer, host of the podcast, the greatest true crime stories ever told. This season explores women from the 19th century to now women who were murderers and scammers, but also women who were photojournalist, lawyers, writers, and more. This podcast tells more than just the brutal, gory details of horrific acts. I delve into the good, the bad, the difficult, and all the nuance I can find, because these are the stories that we need to know to understand the intersection of society, justice, and the fascinating workings of the human psyche. Join me every week as I tell some of the most enthralling true crime stories about women who are not just victims, but heroes or villains, or often somewhere in between.


Listen to the greatest true crime stories ever told on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome to my legacy, I'm Martin Luther King ii, and together with my wife, Andrea Waters King and our dear friends, mark and Craig Kilburg, we explore the personal journeys that shape extraordinary lives. Join us for heartfelt conversations with remarkable guests like David Oye, o Mel Robbins, Martin Sheen, Dr. Sanjay Gupta, and Billy Porter. Listen To my legacy on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is my legacy, Y'all. What up? It's your girl, Jess. Hilarious. And I think it's time to acknowledge that I'm not just a comedian. It's time to add Uncertified therapists to my credentials because each and every Wednesday I'm fixing your mess on carefully Reckless on the Black Effect Podcast network. Got problems in your relationship. Come to me, your best friend, acting Shady. Come to me, thought you was the father, but you not come to me. I can't promise I won't judge you, but I can guarantee that I will help you. Listen to Carefully Reckless on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your


podcasts. What if you asked two different people the same set of questions? Even if the questions are the same, our experiences can lead us to drastically different answers. I'm mini driver And I set out to explore this idea in my podcast. And now mini questions is returning for another season. We've asked an entirely new set of guests, our seven questions, including Jane Lynch, Delaney Rowe, and Cord Jefferson. Listen to mini questions on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Seven questions, limitless answers


On today's episode. If I didn't know, maybe you didn't either. I want to tell you about a hero you probably won't find in most history books. His name was Charles Jackson French. And in 1942 during World War ii, he did something that movies are made of. But the crazy thing is most people don't even know his name. I Know. Now, before I get into it, let me ask y'all. Who remembers the Montgomery Brawl? Yeah. Y'all remember that vow moment when Buddy was on the dock in Montgomery, threw his hat up in the air and did the black signal, and them black folk came through with them chairs and beat the wheels off them white folk.


Y'all remember that one black dude, they called Aqua Main 'cause he swam across the water ready to throw them hands. Well imagine a real life version of that, except wasn't no chairs. And instead of swimming to a fight, the man was swimming to save lives. Well, Charles Jackson French, he was the original Black Aquaman. Picture this, he was just 20 years old. He was a US Navy sailor on a ship called the USS Gregory. And then the Japanese forces attacked it. They tow that ship up. Sailors were left stranded in the middle of the ocean. Some of them wounded floating on a life raft. Now, this is where French's story gets legendary. He didn't panic, he didn't run. He grabbed a rope, tied it around his waist, and then started swimming.


And I'm not talking about for a couple of minutes, I'm talking hours. He pulled that life raft full of injured men through dangerous open water. And to make it even more insane, these waters were known for having sharks. Hell of a think about that. Imagine swimming in the dark, exhausted your arms and legs burning, knowing at any moment something could be lurking right up under you. And still he kept going. French wasn't just fighting off sharks, he was dodging the enemy too. Japanese forces were patrolling, searching for survivors to capture or kill the men on the life raft was telling him, stop begging him to let him go, but he refused. He swam until they made it to safety. Now, you'd think someone that brave, that selfless would be celebrated like a hero, right?


But back then, America wasn't exactly handing out medals to black men. No matter how heroic they were. His story almost got drowned. But we're here today to make sure his name is remembered. Charles Jackson French showed us what real courage looks like. He ain't wait for someone to save him. Nah, he became the savior. And if there's anything you can take from this story, let it be this. When it's your time to step up, don't hesitate. Be the hero. Even if nobody's watching, even if it's hard, even if you don't get the credit, do what's right. 'cause history may not always recognize you at first, but the truth never fades. So today, let's remember Charles Jackson French, a real one, A legend, a hero, someone that I didn't know.


Maybe you didn't either. I didn't know. I'm Mary Kay McBrayer, host of the podcast, the greatest true crime stories ever told. This season explores women from the 19th century to now women who were murderers and scammers, but also women who were photojournalist, lawyers, writers, and more. This podcast tells more than just the brutal, gory details of horrific acts. I delve into the good, the bad, the difficult, and all the nuance I can find because these are the stories that we need to know to understand the intersection of society, justice, and the fascinating workings of the human psyche.


Join me every week as I tell some of the most enthralling true crime stories about women who are not just victims, but heroes or villains, or often somewhere in between. Listen to the greatest true crime stories ever told on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome to my legacy. I'm Martin Luther King ii, and together with my wife, Andrea Waters King and our dear friends, mark and Craig Kilburg, we explore the personal journeys that shape extraordinary lives. Join us for heartfelt conversations with remarkable guests like David Ello, o Mel Robbins, Martin Sheen, Dr.


Sanjay Gupta, and Billy Porter. Listen To my legacy on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This is my legacy. What have you asked? Two different people, the same set of questions. Even if the questions are the same, our experiences can lead us to drastically different answers. I'm mini driver And I set out to explore this idea in my podcast. And now mini questions is returning for another season. We've asked an entirely new set of guests, our seven questions, including Jane Lynch, Delaney Rowe, and Cord Jefferson. Listen to many questions on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Seven questions. Limitless answers.


Yo, what up? It's your girl, Jess. Hilarious. And I think it's time to acknowledge that I'm not just a comedian. It's time to add Uncertified therapists to my credentials because each and every Wednesday, I'm fixing your mess on carefully Reckless on the Black Effect Podcast Network got problems in your relationship. Come to me, your best friend acting Shady. Come to me. Thought you was the father, but you not come to me. I can't promise I won't judge you, but I can guarantee that I will help you. Listen to Carefully Reckless on the Black Effect Podcast Network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.