
This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career and you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


The battlefield is set. The stakes are high. The only thing standing between you and victory, nothing ascend to the pinnacle of gaming greatness with Lenovo Legion laptops, towers, and the new award-winning Legion go. The world's first officially licensed handheld powered by Steam os. Legion relentlessly pushes gaming technology forward with towers built for raw untamed power laptops with best in class AI tuning that sharpen your reflexes and the Legion. Go a handheld for serious gaming on the go. Stay ahead with lightning fast responsiveness on a stunning 16 inch pure site display. Keep your cool with cold front thermal technology engineered for marathon sessions and with all day battery life, the game never stops until you say so. So check out lenovo.com/legion Lenovo Lenovo Empowering creators everywhere.


Lowe's knows how to help you get the most out of your store run. That's why members save more with Mil Lowe's rewards. Earn points towards Mil Lowe's money on eligible purchases. Get access to member only deals and free member gifts. Plus unlock free standard shipping when you reach Silver Key status. So what are you waiting for? Join for free today, Lowe's. We help you save loyalty programs subject to terms and conditions, details at lows.com/terms subject to change.


Every day our world gets a little more connected but a little further apart. But then there are moments that remind us to be more human. Thank you for calling Amica Insurance. Hey, I was just in an accident. Don't worry, we'll get you taken care of At Amica, we understand that looking out for each other isn't new or groundbreaking. It's human Amica. Empathy is our best policy


On today's episode of, I didn't know, maybe you didn't either. Let's talk about Stolen Lands in your state. I'm talking about entire black towns that were built from the ground up. Not just neighborhoods Emini here, whole towns stolen. I'll explain. I didn't know know. I didn't know. First stop Orange Mound in Memphis, Tennessee. Now whenever I hear Orange Mound, I immediately think of eight Ball and MJG.


But Orange Mound was founded in 1880 by a former slave named Thomas McKinney. Like I said, look, I'm tired of working for y'all, so I'm buying this land, splitting it up and selling it to black folks. And black folk came through like bet they turned Orange Mound into a whole vibe. Businesses, schools, churches. They had everything. Fast forward and now Orange Mound is the home to legends like Isaac Hayes, chef, you damn right and your boy Project Patar from three six. And y'all know Project Pat put Memphis on the map. Orange Mound was the original Black Wall Street of Memphis. Got it. So now let's head down to Florida.


Eatonville. Eatonville is historic y'all. 'cause it was the first incorporated all black town in America. It was founded in 1887. And lemme tell you, they weren't waiting for permission. These folks got together like, look, we're gonna govern ourselves and be done with this foolishness. Are you familiar with the writer Zora Neal Hurston, one of the greatest writers to ever do it. She's from Eatonville and if you read her books, she pretty much wrote stories that brought Eaton v's. Culture to life. Eatonville was basically Wakanda before Marvel even thought about it. Now, if you slide over to Oklahoma, it's a spot called Boley. Boley was founded in 1903 and it was next level.


They had black doctors, black lawyers, they even had their own bank and they ain't take no junk. They told white folk, don't even think about robbing this bank. It's a story about some robbers pulling up and the folks in Boley lit 'em up like it was the 4th of July. There's Mound, Bayou, Mississippi that were found it in 1887 by Isaiah t Montgomery. This was another all black town built for us by us. They had schools, hospitals, and businesses run entirely by black folks. The town was so successful that even civil rights leaders like Medgar Everest came through to soak up some of the energy as has been the theme this season. This is another example of black folks, not just surviving, but thriving and the spirit of these towns lives on.


Look at hip hop. It's all about independence, ownership, and telling your story. That's why Kendrick Lamar's line, we going to be all right or T tribute. 'cause he said that in one of his songs too. Nevertheless, that's the anthem. That's the same energy that built Eatonville, orange Mound, boldly, and mound by you. Now here's where I leave the, I didn't know. Maybe you didn't either. Audience with a little homework. I need you to look up your oldest black town in your state. Google it. And if you're from North Carolina, I already got the answer for you. It is Lakeview founded in 1887. You are welcome. But don't get lazy.


Still do your research. 'cause I didn't know, maybe you didn't


either. Do you own a business that's ready to thrive? It's time to let Intuit QuickBooks take things like unpaid invoices and tracking expenses off your plate so you can take things to the next level. Intuit QuickBooks is an all-in-one business platform that can help with those day-to-day tasks like invoicing and expenses, manage and grow your business all in one place. Intuit, QuickBooks, your way to Money, money movement services are provided by Intuit Payments Inc. License as a money transmitter by the New York State Department of Financial Services


At David's bridal, love is in every stitch from the initial sketch to the final details. Each style is designed with exquisite craftsmanship. Every wedding gown, bridesmaid look, prom, dress and special occasion style in between features, handcrafted details filled with love. Come see the magic in person, book an appointment and sign up for Diamond Loyalty to save 15% on your first purchase. Earn points towards special rewards and more at david's bridal.com.


You know, some people say that O do business management software is like fertilizer the way it promotes growth and all. But other people say Oo is like a magic beanstalk because it grows with your company and it's also magically affordable. And there's some people who would even say oos individual software programs come together to build the perfect suite like building blocks. Well, oo is all of these things. Fertilizer magic Beanstalk building blocks for business. So sign up now@ooo.com


o doo.com.


You know more about the PayPal debit card than you did at the start of this podcast. You know that the PayPal debit card gives you the ability to pay everywhere. You know that you earn 5% cash back on a category of your choosing on up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. And you know that you get to pick a new category every month. Apparel for back to school groceries for the holidays. Start earning 5% cash back with the PayPal debit card today. Don't just pay PayPal terms apply. See PayPal app. This card is issued by the Bancorp Bank. Na pursuant to license by MasterCard International, Inc.