
Listen to me. This is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passion you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy, and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with Prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


You know you've gotta comeback in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback, Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Lowe's knows how to help you get the most out of your store run. That's why members save more with Mil Lowe's rewards. Earn points towards my Lowe's money on eligible purchases. Get access to member only deals and free member gifts. Plus, unlock free standard shipping when you reach Silver Key status. So what are you waiting for? Join for free today, Lowe's. We help you save loyalty programs, subject to terms and conditions. Details at lowe's dot com slash terms subject to change


On today's episode of, I didn't know. Maybe you didn't either. Let's talk about land because apparently if you're black and you own some, everybody suddenly gets real interested in your property. I Didn't know. Take the Epsy family, for example. Back in 1942, they was living the dream in Vero Beach, Florida. They had 147 acres of land. Now, I had to do some homework on that. How much is one acre? Well, for easy math, it's about three fourths of a football field.


So let's Just say one acre equals a football field, or 16 tennis courts, or one acre is larger than nine basketball courts. They say you can fit five baseball fields in one acre. Well, the Epsy family had 147 acres. Now that's just not land. That's by your kids, a pony and still got space for a Ferris wheel land. But then the US government came knocking and it says, excuse me, we're gonna need your land to build an airfield. Don't worry, it's for the war effort. And Sey was like, all right, but can we get it back after? Spoiler alert, they didn't. Instead that land went to the Navy, the city of Vero Beach and dig this, the LA Dodgers.


Yes, they even named it Dodgertown. And they ain't even blessed the Epsy family with season tickets or an expensive hot dog at the concession stand or nothing. And I'm gonna keep it a buck. 147 acres of land wasn't just dirt, that's wealth, generational wealth. But instead of that wealth staying in, the Epsy family got passed around like a Netflix password. Now here's where it gets wild. 'cause people love to ask, why can't them colored families just build a wealth like everybody else? Oh, I don't know. Maybe because every time we do, someone shows up with a clipboard. A bulldozer, and some bad intentions. This is not just history. It's a pattern from Tulsa to Vero Beach. Anytime we start thriving and surviving, somebody decides, yeah, that's nice, but we want that for us.


So here's my challenge to you learn these stories that didn't make it into the textbooks. Talk about 'em, share 'em. Because the only way to stop history from repeating itself is to start calling it out. That's the reason for, I didn't know. Maybe you didn't either. The historic town in Vero Beach is no more. They closed its doors and shut down 'cause they were broke. Haven't had it since March of 2008, but Minor League baseball did reopen the facilities and now it's named Vero Beach Sports Village, but it ain't owned by the Epsy family. It's owned by Major League Baseball. And I didn't know. Maybe you didn't either. Listen to me. This is Charlemagne to God talking.


If you're not on Prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passion you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with Prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now. Life is an act of custom reinvention that's true for you and for cars.


Nissan Reimagines, the all new kicks around you. The Bolds Personal Plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield Technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


High five Casino Calling all thrill seekers and gaming fanatics. High Five Casino is a free to play social Casino celebrating 12 years of endless rewards and nonstop excitement. Download the High Five Casino app or visit high the number five Casino dot com. With over 33 million loyal players, it's clear that High Five Casino is the most trusted gaming platform available. The excitement of Vegas where you can win and redeem real prizes. High Five Casino is a free to play social Casino void. We're prohibited. Visit high the number five Casino dot com for more details. Download the app today, high Five Casino.


Stop hitting snooze on new tech. Upgrade the whole team@lenovo.com. Unlock ai experiences with the ThinkPad X one carbon, powered by Intel core ultra processors so you can work, create and boost productivity all on one device. Win the tech search for Business pcs@lenovo.com. Lenovo, Lenovo.