
Life is an act of custom reinvent that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The bold personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvent the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new imagined Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You are ready for the next step in your career and you want an education, employers respect, so you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Hi, I'm David Board and I'm his grandson, Langston Herman. And we host My mama Told me a podcast about black conspiracy theories and we're here to tell you that we have our boy lamour Morris on the podcast this week. You will not want to miss out on hilarious moments like these. I'm the same guy who believes in lizard people, so I don't really, oh, So I don really? We should've started with that. I look at all this like this. I go, eh, Catch Warren Morris on my mama Told me with Langton Kerman and David Bore on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey y'all. I'm Maria Fernanda Diaz, when you're invisible is my love letter to the working class people and immigrants who shaped me. Season two, share stories about community and being underestimated.


All the greatest changes have happened when a couple of people said, this sucks. Let's do something about it. We get paid to serve you or made out of the same things. It's rare to have black male teachers. Sometimes I am the testament. Listen to when you're invisible on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. On today's episode, if I didn't know, maybe you didn't either. I have a question. How many of y'all knew that in 1951 the United States pulled off the largest mass execution for a single crime in modern history? Yep. Seven black men in Virginia gone just like that. They were called the Martinsville seven.


I Didn't know. Now I know what you're thinking. Damn. What'd they do? Well, they were accused of raping a white woman. There's some debate about whether they were guilty or not. Some folks like, nah, they did it. And there's others like, but where's the evidence though? Either way, the real crime here was how fast the system moved to snatch their lives. Lemme break it down for you. These men were arrested, interrogated with no lawyers, just some cops breathing down their necks, screaming at 'em like, sign here.


And when you got no rights, no support and you're terrified, you'll sign anything. Confessions, check evidence, crickets. Then they get dragged in front of all white juries in a segregated courtroom. Y'all know what that meant? It was over before it even started. The trials were done in days. They got sentenced to death faster than you can. Uber Eats a four piece Supreme combo from Bojangles Appeals ignored. And in 1951, Virginia said next and put 'em in the electric chair. Seven men two days. Can we pause for a second? Two days, man, I've seen people wait longer for an oil change. Now, fast forward to 1989.


We all know about the Central Park five, right? Five black and Latino teenagers accused of attacking a white woman in New York. The current president of the United States took out a full page ad on them. They were interrogated the same way. No lawyers, no parents, just a room full of cops. Like, write this down. If you ever wanna see sunlight again, buddy. They confessed to crimes that they didn't commit, got thrown in prison, and it took 13 years and DNA evidence to clear their names. But the Martinsville seven, they didn't get those 13 years. They didn't get Netflix documentaries or Ava Venet directing their story. They got two years, a sham trial and an electric chair. 70 years later though, 70 years later, Virginia was like, oh my bad.


And pardoned them. Pardoned them after their families had already lost everything. Like, what's a pardon going to do? Give them free wifi in the afterlife. And here's the kicker. Some people still argue about their guilt, like, well, maybe they did it okay, but even if they did seven death sentences, trials rushed like a 30 minute lunch break. Where's the humanity? The Martinsville seven and the Central Park five are two sides of the same Dirty coin. Black men sacrificed on the altar of white fear, but be not confused. These stories ain't just about the past. Thereabout was still broken in the present, And I didn't know. Maybe you didn't either.


Geico makes it easy to get affordable renter's insurance in as little as 90 seconds. And then you'll start to wonder why everything else isn't so fast. Like why does it take so long to do the dishes? A meal that's gone in three requires 45 minutes worth of dishes doesn't make sense, but it does make sense to get renter's insurance through Geico. That way, that pile of dirty dishes and the other things you love are covered. Get more with Geico.


Hi, I'm David Board and I'm his grandson, Langston Herman. And we host My mama Told me a podcast about Black conspiracy theory, and we're here to tell you that we have our boy La Morne Morris on the podcast this week. You will not want to miss out on hilarious moments like these. I'm the Same guy who believes in lizard people, so I don't really, oh, I don't really, we shoulda started with that. I look at all this like this. I go, eh, KLA Warren Morris on My Mama Told me with Lang and Kerman and David Bore on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey y'all. I'm Maria Fe Di. When you're Invisible is my love letter to the working class people in immigrants who shaped me. Season two, share stories about community and being underestimated.


All The greatest changes have happened when a couple of people said, this sucks. Let's do something about it. We get paid to serve you or made out of the same things. It's rare to have black male teachers. Sometimes I am the testament. Listen to when you're Invisible on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. What would you do if mysterious drones appeared over your hometown? I started asking questions, what do you remember happening on that night of December 16th? It actually rotated around our house looking as if it was tearing in each window of our home. I'm Gabe Len's from Imagine iHeartPodcasts and Len's Entertainment.


Listen to obscure invasion of the drones wherever you get your favorite podcasts.