
Dressing blessing. Oh, French dressing. Exactly. Oh, that's good.


I'm AJ Jacobs, and my current obsession is puzzles, and that has given birth to my podcast, the Puzzler. Something about Mary Poppins. Exactly. This is fun. You can get your daily puzzle nuggets delivered straight to your ears. Listen to the puzzler every day on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Mary Kay McBrayer, host of the podcast, the greatest true crime stories ever told. This season explores women from the 19th century to now women who were murderers and scammers, but also women who were photojournalist, lawyers, writers, and more. This podcast tells more than just the brutal, gory details of horrific acts. I delve into the good, the bad, the difficult, and all the nuance I can find because these are the stories that we need to know to understand the intersection of society, justice, and the fascinating workings of the human psyche. Join me every week as I tell some of the most enthralling true crime stories about women who are not just victims, but heroes or villains, or often somewhere in between. Listen to the greatest true crime stories ever told on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What would you do if mysterious drones appeared over your hometown? I started asking questions, what do you remember happening on that night of December 16th? It actually rotated around our house looking as if it was peering in each window of our home. I'm Gabe Lenner from Imagine iHeartPodcasts and Len's Entertainment. Listen to obscure invasion of the drones wherever you get your favorite podcasts.


Hey, y'all. I'm Maria Fernandez. When You're Invisible is my love letter to the working class people and immigrants who shaped me. Season two shares stories about community and being underestimated. All The greatest changes have happened when a couple of people said, this sucks. Let's do something about it. We get paid to serve you or made outta the same things. It's rare to have black male teachers. Sometimes I am the testament. Listen to when you're invisible on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts


On today's episode of, I didn't know. Maybe you didn't either. Can we just take a moment to reflect on this journey through Black history that we've been on 28 episodes in one month? We did it On season four. I didn't know. Maybe you didn't either. We covered everything from Dapper Dan flipping the script in fashion to Paul Revere Williams, literally turning the tables on racism in architecture by mastering upside down drawings. Bro was like, oh, you don't wanna sit next to me in the meeting?


Cool. I'll just hit this flip and still be the best in the room. Now. That's some petty energy that we can all get behind. We highlighted the women in season four, like Grace Wisher, the 12-year-old apprentice to Betsy Ross that stitched up the American flag, or Biddy Mason, who went from being enslaved to owning half of LA or Alice Parker. Cis invented Central Heaton. Just furthermore proof that women been bringing the heat, you dig? But of course it wasn't all wins, right? We had to talk about the ugly stuff too. Jay Marion Sims, AKA, the so-called father of gynecology out here performing experiments on black women without anesthesia. Then you fast forward that to today and black women still don't get the care they deserve in hospitals.


Like how are you more likely to die from stereotypes than actual diseases? But we also showed love to the culture. HBCUs, like WSSU and fam, the first black football game that was us, even discussed the parallels of HBCUs and pbis, predominantly black institutions. Then the language they used back in the day like Drape Romania, that's what they called enslaved folks who wanted to escape like, oh, you wanna be free? Oh, that must be a disease, and now we're here done, And I know you're like, damn, now's gotta be it, right? Nip in the words of Jesus Christ at that wedding when they ran outta wine. Let's keep the party going, starting in March.


We drop in new episodes every week, and it's not just black history anymore. It's anything that I didn't know. Maybe you didn't either. For example, did you know Jalil White Urkel auditioned to play Rudy on the Cosby Show? Yeah. Rudy was supposed to be a boy, but Keisha Knight pull and pulled up and was like, yeah, I'm him. Or here's something else that I didn't know. Maybe you didn't either. A snail's mouth is smaller than the head of a safety pen, but they got 20,000 teeth. Oh, yeah. We diving into all the random weird and amazing stuff that I didn't know. Maybe you didn't either. So stick with me And I promise we'll laugh, we'll learn, and we'll leave every single episode saying, damn, I didn't know.


Maybe you didn't either. I didn't either. Stay curious. Blessing. Blessing. Oh, French dressing. Exactly. Oh, that's good. I'm AJ Jacobs, and my current obsession is puzzles, and that has given birth to my podcast, the Puzzler. Something about Mary Poppins. Exactly. This is fun. You can get your daily puzzle nuggets delivered straight to your ears. Listen to the puzzler every day on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. I'm Mary Kay McBrayer, host of the podcast, the greatest true Crime stories ever told.


This season explores women from the 19th century to now women who were murderers and scammers, but also women who were photojournalist, lawyers, writers, and more. This podcast tells more than just the brutal, gory details of horrific acts. I delve into the good, the bad, the difficult, and all the nuance I can find because these are the stories that we need to know to understand the intersection of society, justice, and the fascinating workings of the human psyche. Join me every week as I tell some of the most enthralling true crime stories about women who are not just victims, but heroes or villains, or often somewhere in between.


Listen to the greatest true crime stories ever told on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. What would you do if mysterious drones appeared over your hometown? I started asking questions, what do you remember happening on that night of December 16th? It actually rotated around our house looking as if it was tearing in each window of our home. I'm Gabe Lenner from Imagine iHeartPodcasts and Len's Entertainment. Listen to obscure invasion of the drones wherever you get your favorite podcasts. Gas.


Hey y'all. I'm Maria Fernandez. When You're Invisible is my love letter to the working class people and immigrants who shaped me. Season two, share stories about community and being underestimated. All The greatest changes have happened when a couple of people said, this sucks. Let's do something about it. We get paid to serve you, but we made outta the same things. It's rare to have black male teachers. Sometimes I am the testament. Listen to when you're invisible on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.