
The new year is here, and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime Video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now,


What have you asked two different people the same set of questions. Even if the questions are the same, our experiences can lead us to drastically different answers. I'm mini driver And I set out to explore this idea in my podcast. And now mini questions is returning for another season. We've asked an entirely new set of guests, our seven questions, including Jane Lynch, Delaney Rowe, and Cord Jefferson. Listen to many questions on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Seven questions, limitless answers.


You are cordially invited to the hottest party in professional sports. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party, your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf, featuring interviews with top players on tour tips to help improve your swing, and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country Club. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's fourth production in partnership with deep blues sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the Party. That's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The OGs of Uncensored motherhood are back and badder than ever. I'm Erica. And I'm Mila. And we're the hosts of the Good Moms Bad Choices podcast, brought to you by The Black Effect Podcast Network every Wednesday. Yeah, we're moms, but not your mommy. Historically, men talk too much And women have quietly Listened and all that stops here. If you Like witty women, then this is your try. Listen to the Good Moms Bad Choices podcast Every Wednesday On the Black Effect Podcast Network, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you go to find your podcast.


On today's episode, if I didn't know, maybe you didn't either. I wanna give a big congratulations to Jackson State University football program for being the black college football national champions. We know who the 2024 HBCU champion is, but let's take it back 133 years ago, 1892. It's freezing. Snow is everywhere. And what do these brothers decide to do? Start black college football. Yep. In less than a football field of snow, because when life gives us blizzards, we make history.


Baby. Now I live in Charlotte, and to get to Salisbury, it's about 45 minutes in the car. But back in 1892, it was Mason, Bethe and Cameron Horse and carriage. Five hours. Do you know how long five hours is in the cold? That's when your toes start questioning their life choices. And they weren't rolling up in luxury carriages. No, this ain't Cinderella. It was more like, hold on tight, y'all one of these wheels is wobbling, but here's where it gets good. Because the women at Living Stone College, they like to say lc. Lemme tell you, these ladies were the real MVPs because they didn't just make the uniforms, they tailored them. I'm talking custom fits.


I could see 'em now over there on campus of lc. No, Jerome hold steel. Your chest is lopsided and cleats. Oh, they didn't buy no cleats. They customized them. Probably had some brother in the workshop like, Hey y'all, y'all want some spikes or some glitter on Y's? Because you know, sometimes you gotta pop out and show. So game day comes and what do they play? No, not a stadium. Not even a field. A lawn. Yeah. Somebody's front yard. Emini here. You out there dodging defenders and daffodil bushes. I don't even know if daffodil bushes are a thing. And let's talk about the final score. Biddle Institute five Living Stone College Zero. Biddle Institute is now Johnson c Smith University.


They like to say JC as you, but that was the final score, five to nothing. And I know what you're thinking. Was that even a game or did somebody trip into the end zone? But it wasn't about the score. It was about the statement. These dudes weren't just playing football. They were saying, yeah, it's snowing. And yeah, we got 10 hours of carriage ride round trip, but we still gonna make history. And they did that. That game laid the foundation for everything we love about HBCU football today. The women supporting the team, whether it's getting the uniforms out, cheering in the stands, the bands, the halftime shows, the energy. It all started with some brothers in the snow and some sisters with a kneeling thread.


So next time you are watching a game sipping your hot cocoa. Remember this December 27th, 1890 two, a hundred and thirty three years ago, these folks was out there in freezing weather, no gloves, just grit. And the women, oh, they were on the sidelines like, y'all better win. I ain't stay up all night sewing these uniforms for nothing. And I didn't know. Maybe you didn't either. What if you asked two different people the same set of questions? Even if the questions are the same, our experiences can lead us to drastically different answers. I'm mini driver And I set out to explore this idea in my podcast.


And now mini questions is returning for another season. We've asked an entirely new set of guests are seven questions, including Jane Lynch, Delaney Rowe, and Cord Jefferson. Listen to many questions on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Seven questions, limitless answers. You are cordially invited to the hottest party in professional sports. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party, your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf, featuring interviews with top players on tour tips to help improve your swing, and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country Club.


Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the Party. That's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. The OGs of Uncensored motherhood are back and badder than ever. I'm Erica. And I'm Mila. And we're the hosts of the Good Moms Bad Choices podcast brought to you by The Black Effect Podcast Network every Wednesday. Yeah, we're moms, but not your mommy. Historically, Men talk too much And women have quietly Listened and all that stops here. If you like witty women, then this is your try. Listen to the Good Moms Bad Choices podcast Every Wednesday On the Black Effect Podcast Network, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you go to find your podcast.


We all have a moment that splits us wide open. On my new podcast, wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, I'll sit down with trailblazers from sports, music, fashion, entertainment, and politics to explore their toughest moments in the incredible comebacks that followed. Listen to Wide Open with Ashlyn Harris and iHeart Women's Sports Production on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.