
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Boes Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield Technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Welcome to my legacy. I'm Martin Luther King ii, and together with my wife, Andrea Waters King and our dear friends, mark and Craig Kil, we explore the personal journeys that shape extraordinary lives. Join us for heartfelt conversations with remarkable guests like David Oye. Oh, Mel Robbins, Martin Sheen, Dr. Sanjay Gupta, and Billy Porter. Listen To my legacy on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This is my legacy. What have you asked? Two different people, the same set of questions. Even if the questions are the same, our experiences can lead us to drastically different answers. I'm mini driver And I set out to explore this idea in my podcast.


And now mini questions is returning for another season. We've asked an entirely new set of guests, our seven questions, including Jane Lynch, Delaney Rowe, and Cord Jefferson. Listen to mini questions on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Seven questions. Limitless


answers. Yo, what up? It's your girl, Jess. Hilarious. And I think it's time to acknowledge that I'm not just a comedian. It's time to add Uncertified therapists to my credentials. Because each and every Wednesday I'm fixing your mess on carefully reckless on the Black Effect Podcast Network. Got problems in your relationship. Come to me, your best friend, acting Shady. Come to me, thought you was the father, but you not come to me. I can't promise I won't judge you, but I can guarantee that I will help you. Listen to Carefully Reckless on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts


On today's episode of, I Didn't Know. Maybe you didn't either. Let's talk about Easter. Now, for most folks, Easter is about three things. Jesus bunny rabbits with candy. And it's probably the only time all year you buy some dress clothes for church. And if you're from the south, it's probably pastel colors on that Steve Harvey suit with the same color Gator, Stacey Adams the match. But see, for our ancestors Easter. Easter wasn't just about dressing up and being fresher than the Board of Health and hunting Easter eggs back in the day, Easter was like the original.


We going to be all right, Anthem. It was hope in the middle of chaos. Imagine being enslaved, working sunrise to sunset, but still holding on to the story of Jesus rising again. Now that's some real faith. It might be smaller than a mustard seed. It was a thought of if Jesus could roll that stone away, come on somebody, huh? Then we can roll this oppression off our backs too. Can I get Amen? And had you ever heard of Hush Harbors? Lemme tell you about 'em. Hush Harbors were like the underground clubs of the enslavement period. Like them silent parties, but they didn't have no colorful headsets. And instead of the DJ dropping bangers, you had somebody in the corner whispering Swing, Low Sweet Cherry Because they had to keep it low key.


'cause at Massa caught you. It's a wrap. So they'd head out to the woods, set up shop and worship in secret, hush harbors. They'd even hang up wet blankets to keep the sound from traveling. Yeah, soundproof in the woods. Now, how innovative is that? They didn't need no beats by Dre. Our ancestors invented noise cancellation. But these hush harbors, they weren't just about worship. Oh nah, they were about rebellion. See, they'd sing songs like Wade in the Water, Wade, Which was basically the first GPS because that was cold for Au Harriet said, meet up by the river and don't forget to pack light.


These folks turn praise into power. Hymns the hope. And today that same energy lives in every gospel choir and every preacher who makes you say, and we can't forget about the Easter Fit tradition, the pastels with the shoes to match. I wasn't capping about that. But that goes back to the enslavement periods as well. After emancipation, newly freed black folks would pull up the church in their finest fits. They wasn't just dressing for God, they were dressing to let The World know I'm free And I look good. That's why to this day, we don't play by them. Easter fits. Some folks be out here treating Easter like the Met Gala, big hats, pastel suits, had to put some armor all on them shoes.


'cause I could see my reflection in them. Jones. It's like a runway show with a praise break in the middle. And no, Easter ain't the only holiday with roots in the struggle. We talked about Juneteenth in previous seasons. That's when we celebrate Freedom two, two years after Freedom was supposed to happen. Can you imagine being two years late to your own free party? I like your job hitting you up and saying, Hey, you got PTO that you didn't use back in 2023. Another holiday is Kwanza, where we honor African traditions and principles like unity and self-determination. If Easter is the resurrection, Juneteenth is the graduation. And then Kwanzaa is like the family reunion. It's all connected holidays rooted in freedom and resilience.


So this year, when you're stepping clean and your Easter's best, remember you're not just celebrating a holiday, you're honoring a legacy. You're carrying forward with the spirit of those hush harbors. The fight for freedom and the hope that no matter how low we get, we always rise again. And I didn't know, maybe you didn't either. Welcome to my legacy. I'm Martin Luther King, I third, and together with my wife, Andre Waters King, and our dear friends, mark and Craig Kilburg, we explore the personal journeys that shape extraordinary lives. Join us for heartfelt conversations with remarkable guests like David Oye, o Mel Robbins, Martin Sheen, Dr.


Sanjay Gupta, and Billy Porter. Listen To my legacy on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your, this Is my legacy. What have you asked? Two different people, the same set of questions. Even if the questions are the same, our experiences can lead us to drastically different answers. I'm mini driver And I set out to explore this idea in my podcast. And now mini questions is returning for another season. We've asked an entirely new set of guests, our seven questions, including Jane Lynch, Delaney Rowe, and Cord Jefferson. Listen to many questions on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Seven questions. Limitless answers. Yo, what up? It's your girl, Jess. Hilarious. And I think it's time to acknowledge that I'm not just a comedian. It's time to add Uncertified therapists to my credentials. Because each and every Wednesday I'm fixing your mess on carefully Reckless on the Black Effect Podcast network. Got problems in your relationship. Come to me, your best friend, acting Shady. Come to me, thought you was the father, but you not come to me. I can't promise I won't judge you, but I can guarantee that I will help you. Listen to Carefully Reckless on the Black Effect Podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your


podcasts. Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and right at night. And after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


I.