
The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Life is the act of custom reinvent that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowes Personal Plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature Bowes is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


You know you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree your proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback. Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Hey you guys. I'm Catherine Legg. I'm a racing driver who's literally driven everything with four wheels across the planet. And I've got a new podcast, it's called Throttle Therapy. This season I'm competing in some of the world's most notorious racing events. Tune into my new podcast, throttle Therapy with Catherine Legg and iHeart Women's Sports Production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One sounding partner of iHeart Women's Sports


On today's episode of, I didn't know, maybe you didn't either. Let's talk about some crazy you probably didn't hear enough about in school Eugenics. Now eugenics sounds like a fancy science word, right? Like, oh, that must be some tech that Elon Musk is cooking up. But no, it was a straight up evil plan to decide who was fit to have babies and who wasn't. Spoiler alert if you were black, poor or disabled, they decided you weren't fit.


So back in the day, from like 1929 to 1974 white folks was out here playing. God. They sterilized over 60,000 people in the United States forcibly. Like imagine going to the doctor and instead of fixing your cough, they're like, yeah, you are never having kids. You are welcome. Out of the 60,000 North Carolina alone, sterilized over 7,600 people and North Carolina was super nuts 'cause they let social workers, not doctors, not judges, but social workers decide who should get sterilized Emini Here they sitting there with their notepads, you're poor. Check you're single, check you back.


Talk to your teacher in third grade. Yeah, sterilized. And they love throwing around this term called feeble-minded. Like what even is that they called folks feeble-minded for being poor or for not finishing school. One of the most infamous cases was a black girl named Elaine Riddick. She was 14 years old, got pregnant after being raped, and instead of helping her, the state sterilized her. They called her feeble-minded. It was a legit diagnosis. Sisters just trying to survive being black and poor in North Carolina. Here's the kicker. They claim they were helping society like sterilizing, people with stop poverty or crime.


Nah, fam, it just made them feel powerful while ruining people's lives. Families were destroyed, legacies were cut off, and survivors like Ghislaine Riddick been fighting for justice ever since. And don't think this is ancient history. Forced sterilizations are still happening. Prisons, immigrant detention centers. Yeah, they done tried to find a wraparound for it. Y'all ain't slick. So let's keep it real. If you don't know your history, they'll run the same playbook on us again. And let's all take a moment to remember Elaine Riddick and all the people who were brave enough to speak out because one thing's for show and two things for certain black folks might be resilient, but we shouldn't have to bounce back from this.


And I didn't know. Maybe you didn't either. The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime video and Amazon music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night Football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Hey you guys. I'm Catherine Legg. I'm a racing driver who's literally driven everything with four wheels across the planet and I've got a new podcast, it's called Throttle Therapy. This season, I'm competing in some of the world's most notorious racing events. Tune into my new podcast, throttle Therapy with Catherine Legg and iHeart Women's Sports Production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You are cordially invited to the hottest party in professional sports. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party, your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf, featuring interviews with top players on tour tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country Club. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the Party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.