
The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Life is the act of custom reinvent that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowes Personal Plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature Bowes is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


You know you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree your proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback, Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Tired of restless nights at Lisa. They know good sleep is essential for mental, physical, and emotional health. From memory foam mattresses to hybrids that keep you cool all night long. Lisa's mattresses offer exceptional comfort and support with free delivery and 100 nights to try out your mattress in the comfort of your home. Go to lisa.com today and get 20% off all mattresses and two free pillows. That's LEES a.com. And use code iHeart for an extra $50 off your purchase. Remember, no matter who you are, there's a Lisa just for you


On today's episode. If I didn't know, maybe you didn't either. Let's talk about America for a second. You know, this country wasn't just built on the hard work of enslaved African Americans in innovation. Oh no. America was built on sayings. Yeah, sands. We love a good saying, like one of the most classic American sayings is, pull yourself up by your bootstraps. I Didn't know you. What you need to do is pull yourself up by your bootstraps. That's like the national anthem of personal responsibility in America, ain't it?


But here's the thing, it's not even practical, like who came up with that? You ever tried to pull yourself up by your bootstraps? Physics won't even let you. You just standing there yanking on leather straps in the position that the sisters had. Andy Dufrene in, in Shawshank Redemption. If you've never seen the movie, you won't get the reference moving right along. My point is, due to gravity, it is not even possible to pull yourself up by your bootstraps. Another saying, in America, the American Dream, oh, we sold out one hard. If you work hard and stay focused, you'll be successful. Right? It sound good, but they never talk about that fine print that's on the American Dream that says, unless someone decides that they don't like your success.


For example, Jack Holly, my man Jack was living out his dream own businesses, land part of a bank. He was basically the Oprah of Slocum, Texas. But then 1910 rolls around and instead of being celebrated, a white mob rolls in and says, nah, you've been having too much success negro. And they destroy everything. One of his sons killed. His businesses gone. Generational wealth torched. And yet somehow the same folks who did all that are the ones still walking around today saying, why can't y'all pull yourselves up by your bootstraps? Well, listen, Karen, we tried. Y'all stole the boots, the straps, and then burnt down the shop.


Another saying that we love in America, history repeats itself. Oh, America lives by this one. Because Loc wasn't the only time this happened. Tulsa's Black Wall Street, same thing. Rosewood, same thing. Look, anytime a black community got a little too successful, somebody showed up with some matches and some insecurity. Oh, and one more saying, United, we stand, divided we fall. All right. Coming from a country that's been divided since day one, that saying should also come with a disclaimer. Terms and conditions apply. Side effects include systemic racism and selective memory. So while we remember these sayings, let's not forget these slangs of families like Jack, Holly, and Massacres, like Rosewood and Tulsa, and we know America love its sayings, but maybe it's time for some new ones.


How about if you see someone thriving? Let them keep surviving. How about that? Or here's a good one. Stop burning up other people. Shit, if you got some new sayings we should add in 2025, hit me up on my social media at B tv. That's B-D-A-H-T tv. Okay, bye.


Listen to me. This is Charlamagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passions you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy, and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever, whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owners manual for important safety information.


You know more about the PayPal debit card than you did at the start of this podcast. You know that the PayPal debit card gives you the ability to pay everywhere. You know that you earn 5% cash back on a category of your choosing on up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. And you know that you get to pick a new category every month. Apparel for back to school groceries for the holidays. Start earning 5% cash back with the PayPal debit card today. Don't just pay PayPal terms apply. See PayPal app. This card is issued by the Bancorp Bank. Na pursuant to license by MasterCard International Inc.


This message Comes from Greenlight. Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly. Set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart.