
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Boes Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield Technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Welcome to my legacy. I'm Martin Luther King ii, and together with my wife, Andrea Waters King and our dear friends, mark and Craig Kil, we explore the personal journeys that shape extraordinary lives. Join us for heartfelt conversations with remarkable guests like David Oye. Oh, Mel Robbins, Martin Sheen, Dr. Sanjay Gupta, and Billy Porter. Listen To my legacy on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This is my legacy.


What have you asked? Two different people, the same set of questions. Even if the questions are the same, our experiences can lead us to drastically different answers. I'm mini driver And I set out to explore this idea in my podcast. And now mini questions is returning for another season. We've asked an entirely new set of guests, our seven questions, including Jane Lynch, Delaney Rowe, and Cord Jefferson. Listen to mini questions on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Seven questions. Limitless answers.


Yo, what up? It's your girl, Jess. Hilarious. And I think it's time to acknowledge that I'm not just a comedian. It's time to add Uncertified therapists to my credentials. Because each and every Wednesday I'm fixing your mess on carefully Reckless on the Black Effect Podcast network. Got problems in your relationship. Come to me, your best friend, acting Shady. Come to me. Thought you was the father, but you not come to me. I can't promise I won't judge you, but I can guarantee that I will help you. Listen to Carefully Reckless on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts


On today's episode of, I didn't know. Maybe you didn't either. I'm gonna start with something personal. On May 5th, 2024, I lost my mom. She was complaining about her stomach hurting. So we took her to the ER. Hours later, she was still in pain and they finally moved her upstairs to the ICU. 45 minutes later she was on a breathing tube. Her organs were shutting down because of sepsis. And just like that, she was gone. Now lemme tell y'all, losing your mom is hard enough, but when you're black, you have this extra layer of PTSD.


Why? Because you know, black women are often dismissed in the medical field. They're overlooked, ignored, and it's not just a feeling, it's facts. There's a book, medical Apartheid by Harriet Washington, and it lays out the long, dark history of how black folks, especially black women, have been used, abused, and experimented on in the name of science from slavery to right now. Lemme break it down for you. Did you know there are still this misconception that black women have a higher threshold for pain? And I know Mama made miracles every Thanksgiving, every Christmas, and every birthday. But them white doctors were thinking Black women were superheroes for real.


Oh, she's black. She can take it. What? And if you wanna know how deep this rabbit hole goes, let's talk about Henrietta Lacks. Sis went to the doctor in 1951 for cervical cancer and without her knowledge, they took her cells, then named them heela cells, HELA. And those cells turned out to be immortal like they could survive and multiply in labs, which had never been done before. They helped develop vaccines, cancer treatments, IVF, you name it. Heela cells have saved millions of lives. But here's the part that'll make your blood boil. Henrietta Lacks never gave consent and her family never saw a dime.


Pharmaceutical companies made billions off those sales while her kids and grandkids were struggling to pay for healthcare. It made a bunch of dollars, but it damn sure don't make no sense. So when we talk about black folks in the medical field, we're not just talking about distrust, we're talking about a system. A system that has dismissed us, stolen from us and experimented on us without shame. And for me, every time I think about my mom's last hours, it's hard not to wonder if she wasn't black, would they have taken her pain a little more seriously? Would they have moved faster? These questions haunt me, And I know I'm not alone. That's why it's so important for us to know our history and advocate for ourselves.


Because if we don't speak up, who will? Medical Apartheid? A book by Harriet Washington was something that I didn't know. Maybe you didn't either. Welcome to my legacy. I'm Martin Luther King, I third, and together with my wife, Andrea Waters King, and our dear friends, mark and Craig Kilburg, we explore the personal journeys that shape extraordinary lives. Join us for heartfelt conversations with remarkable guests like David Oye, o Mel Robbins, Martin Sheen, Dr. Sanjay Gupta, and Billy Porter. Listen To my legacy on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is my legacy. Yo, what up? It's your girl, Jess. Hilarious. And I think it's time to acknowledge that I'm not just a comedian. It's time to add Uncertified therapists to my credentials. Because each and every Wednesday I'm fixing your mess on carefully Reckless on the Black Effect Podcast Network. Got problems in your relationship. Come to me, your best friend acting Shady. Come to me. Thought you was the father, but you not come to me. I can't promise I won't judge you, but I can guarantee that I will help you. Listen to Carefully Reckless on the Black Effect podcast Network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. What have you asked two different people, the same set of questions. Even if the questions are the same, our experiences can lead us to drastically different answers.


I'm mini driver And I set out to explore this idea in my podcast. And now mini questions is returning for another season. We've asked an entirely new set of guests, our seven questions, including Jane Lynch, Delaney Rowe, and Cord Jefferson. Listen to many questions on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Seven questions, limitless answers.


You are cordially invited to the hottest party in professional sports. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party, your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf. Featuring interviews with top players on tour tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country Club. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the Party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.