
Life is an act of custom reinvent that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The bold personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvent the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new imagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You are ready for the next step in your career and you want an education, employers respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know, like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between, because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or dsw.com.


Wasn't that delicious? So good. Your bill, ladies, I got it. I got it. No, I I got it. Seriously, I I insist I sist first the firstt. Silly. Don't be silly you don't. Silly don't Silly


don't. People with the Wells Fargo active cash credit card prefer to pay because they earn unlimited 2% cash back on purchases. Okay? Rock paper, scissors for it. Rock paper, scissors. No, no. The Wells Fargo active cash credit card. Visit wells fargo.com/active cash terms apply


On today's episode. If I didn't know, maybe you didn't either. Let's talk about HBCUs and PBS. Now, for those that don't know HBCUs, historically black colleges and universities, I knew all about those. I am a product of one Winston-Salem State University. 6 0 1 MLK Drive in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. However, I had no clue about pbis. Predominantly black institutions. H-B-C-U-P-B-I. Look, if you think black education don't got acronyms, you're wrong. We got more letters than the alphabet soup. We ain't growing up, ain't it?


Alright, now let's start with the HBCUs. They, the OGs, these schools go way back like before your grandma's grandma was even thinking about having kids back. You dig what I'm saying? First one, Cheney University, 1837. That's right. Black folks was out here educating themselves when slavery was still happening. Imagine trying to study algebra when people out here trying to enslave you. Now, that's some dedication. HBCUs were like, y'all don't want us in your schools. Cool. We'll build our own schools. And they did it Big Howard Spelman, Morehouse, HBCU, homecomings, you know the vibes. If you've never been to one, you're missing out Now. Pbis, that's Donnie and Mark and Joey and Jordan. Them, you know, new kids on the block because PBIS came later.


They like, we might not have the history, but we here for the hustle. See, PBIS are schools located in urban areas where most of us live? And they said, listen, black students are here. We see you. Let's make this work. But PBIS weren't always for us. Some of 'em started as regular old colleges and then looked around and said, oh snap, half our students is black. Guess we PBI Now. Now here's the thing. Both HBCUs and PBIS are here to lift us up. They're about helping us get degrees, build careers, and to help you stop having to ask for your mama's car. And both are cranking out. Black Excellence HBCUs gave us Martin Luther King Jr. Oprah and Chadwick Bozeman, PBIS are newer.


So they're alumni like, Hey, we still coming up right now, but we got next though. Although there are similarities, there are also differences. The big difference HBCUs are about legacy. You walk onto A-H-B-C-U campus and it feels like a black family reunion where everybody's a TT or UNC period. There's history in the air pbis, they're about right now. They're like, what do you need? You need resources. You need scholarships, you need snacks. We got you. So we need both. Why? Because racism doesn't take a day off. HBCUs are there to remind us where we've been, and PBIS are there to make sure no one gets left behind. It's like a relay race. HBCU started it and PBIS grabbed the baton stick that what you say when somebody passing you the baton.


I ran track a little bit in high school, wasn't very good, but I know the jargon. So whether you repping FAM u Winston-Salem State Howard, or some PBI in your city, just know this. These schools are for us. By us, they FUBU schools. And I didn't know. Maybe you didn't either. Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself.


Drive the all new re-imagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Ryan Seacrest here. When you have a busy schedule, it's important to maximize your downtime. One of the best ways to do that is by going to Chumba Casino dot com. Chumba Casino has all your favorite social Casino games like Spin slots, bingo and solitaire that you can play for free for a chance to redeem some serious prizes. So hop on to Chumba Casino dot com now and live the chumba Life sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VG W Group Void were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply.


Tired of the winter cold. Don't worry. Spring break season is right around the corner and at cheap Caribbean vacations. It doesn't matter if you're traveling as a family or going on an adults only getaway. They have beach deals for all types of all-inclusive vacations. Just book your spring break travel in March or April to unlock an extra $250 off your package price. This offer is valid through February 27th, on vacation packages of four nights or more. Don't wait. Book now@cheapcaribbean.com.


The New Year's here, it's the perfect time to refresh those household essentials and score some cashback rewards with Colgate Palm Olive from toothpaste to dish soap. Chances are you've got Colgate Palm, olive products on your shopping list and in your house. Right now, we're talking brands like Colgate Soft Soap, Palm Olive, Irish, spring, Fabuloso, and TOMS of Maine. And right now, you can get up to a $10 digital Visa prepaid card when you buy up to $30 of Colgate Pub Mall of products. Here's how it works. Spend $20 on their products, get $5, spend $30, get a $10 reward. All you do is shop your favorite brands, snap a pick of your receipt and upload it to cp rewards.com. It's so easy. That's cp rewards.com. So grab what you need or maybe try something new and get rewarded just for doing your usual shopping. And start your year fresh by earning cash back rewards with Colgate Palm Olive Rewards available while supplies last limit. Apply us only 1 1 25 through 3 31 25. For full terms and conditions, visit cp rewards.com.