
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Boes Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Y'all, what up? It's your girl, Jess. Hilarious. And I think it's time to acknowledge that I'm not just a comedian. It's time to add uncertified therapists to my credentials because each and every Wednesday I'm fixing your mess on carefully reckless on the Black Effect Podcast network. Got problems in your relationship. Come to me, your best friend acting Shady. Come to me, thought you was the father, but you not come to me. I can't promise I won't judge you, but I can guarantee that I will help you. Listen to Carefully Reckless on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policy makers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is Mel Reed, LPT Tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour Winner and Keira k Dixon, NBC, sports reporter and host. And We've got a podcast, quiet please with Mel and Keira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture. Some interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower, An iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us an iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


On today's episode, if I didn't know, maybe you didn't either. Let's talk about the children's March of 1963, A historical moment that doesn't get nearly the recognition it deserves. And honestly, when I first heard about it, I thought, wait, kids did what? Because let's be real. When I was a kid, the only time I did anything revolutionary when I was singing Kurt Franklin, do you want a revolution? I said, do you want a revolution? I didn't know need. But not these kids in Birmingham, Alabama. They weren't playing around Jack.


There were 1963 and Birmingham was the most racist city in the country. Segregation was everywhere. Schools, buses, bathrooms, water fountains. And I'm thinking, how racist do you have to be to hate somebody at a water fountain? You upset that they getting hydrated. It's silly. And the adults have been protesting for months. But the city wasn't budging. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. And his crew that started quoting Jay-Z, they said, we need more people. That's when James Bevel said, I've got a plan. Let's get the kids involved. Now, I don't know what parents sat down with their 10-year-old and said, listen, pack a lunch baby, because you're going to fight Jim Crow today. But they did it. And the kids, they showed up, thousands of them left school and gathered at the 16th Street Baptist Church like it would recess.


And instead of Dodge balls, they were like, Hey, we gonna dodge dogs, fire hoses and Billy clubs today. Seriously. That's some next level courage right there. We talking about kids. Now imagine being a racist police officer that day. You out here ready to fight and then you see a group of 12 year olds chanting for freedom. What do you even do? Well, apparently if you're racist, Birmingham Police in 1963, you turn into cartoon villains. They brought out fire hoses. Fire hoses to blast these kids off their feet, unleashed the dogs on them kids like it was a Twisted Lassie episode. Some of y'all don't remember Lassie, but here's the thing, them kids didn't stop. They got arrested about a hundreds thrown in jail like it was a field trip to Alcatraz.


And more kids just kept showing up day after day, they start putting on they swimsuits to prepare for the fire hoses. They marched, they sang, and they did not back down kids. And it worked. 'cause the news saw them pictures, kids getting hosed down and attacked by dogs. And the whole world saw them pictures. You Google Children's March of 1963 right now and you can see them pictures. Suddenly people just couldn't ignore the civil rights movement any longer. That children's March of 1963 pushed momentum forward and led to the Civil Rights Act of 1964. That's right. A bunch of kids in pigtails, cornrows and Penny loafers helped change the laws.


Now, why we don't hear more about this. I think it's 'cause adults don't like being shown up by the kids. Don't nobody wanna admit that a 10-year-old with a homemade sign had more guts than most of us do right now. But the lesson here is real. You ain't gotta wait till you're older or richer or more established to make an impact. These kids took risks because they believed in something bigger than themselves. So next time you think, what can I really do to change things? Just remember, if a bunch of kids with no smartphones, no hashtags, no TikTok followers can bring down segregation. What's stopping us? Let's all channel a little bit of 1963 energy, shall we? Black folks, black folks, we channel. We don't need no white folks channeling 1963 Energy.


'cause history don't just happen. It gets made. And sometimes it's made by people who ain't even old enough to drive. And I didn't know. Maybe you didn't either. Yo, what up? It's your girl, Jess. Hilarious. And I think it's time to acknowledge that I'm not just a comedian. It's time to add uncertified therapists to my credentials because each and every Wednesday I'm fixing your mess on carefully Reckless on the Black Effect Podcast Network. Got problems in your relationship. Come to me, your best friend acting Shady, come to me, thought you was the father, but you not come to me. I can't promise I won't judge you, but I can guarantee that I will help you. Listen to Carefully Reckless on the Black Effect Podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and right at night and after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This is Mel Reed, LP tto, winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner, And Keira k Dixon, NBC, sports reporter and host.


And we've got a new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower, An iHeart win sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and Entertainment. You can find us an iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


The OGs of Uncensored motherhood are back and badder than ever. I'm Erica. And I'm Mila. And we're the hosts of the Good Moms Bad Choices podcast, brought to you by the Black Effect Podcast Network every Wednesday. Yeah, We're moms, but not your mommy. Historically, men talk too Much and women have quietly Listened and all that stops here. If you like witty women, then this is your try. Listen to the Good Moms Bad Choices podcast Every Wednesday On the Black Effect Podcast Network, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you go to find your podcast.