
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


You know you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life.


You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback. Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now.


You know, like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or dsw.com.


Hello, it is Ryan And I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on Chumba Casino dot com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba Casino is home to hundreds of Casino style games. You can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com to claim your free welcome bonus. That's Chumba Casino dot com and live the Chumba Lights sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VG W Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply


On today's episode of, I didn't know. Maybe you didn't either. We gonna talk about Paul Revere Williams. No, not Paul Revere. The British are coming. The British are coming. Not that guy. I'm talking about the black man who was out here designing, building so dope that folks is still flexing in them today. I didn't know need. Now picture this. It's the early 19 hundreds and of course racism is off the charts like segregation is in full effect. Meanwhile, Paul's out here like, I'm gonna be an architect.


People probably look at him like, bro, you sure black people can't even sit in half these buildings and you wanna design them? And Paul was like, watch me. He was born in LA in 1894 and this man was out here grinding y'all. He went to USC, got his architecture degree and became the first black architect certified west of the Mississippi that was already boss. But lemme tell you something that even upped that. Paul figured out how to draw upside down. Why? Because white people was too racist to sit next to him and look at the sketches like normal people do. So he flipped the script literally. Brooke, can you imagine how smooth you gotta be to not just design dope buildings, but to do it upside down?


And he wasn't designing regular stuff either. This dude had range Mariah Carey in the nineties range, you know, the Beverly Hills Hotel, that pink palace where rich folks and IG influencers take all them bougie pics. Paul revamped that joint. He gave it that drip. Then there's LAX. You know that funky spaceship looking thing in the middle of the airport? Yeah, Paul did that too. Who else could take a boring airport and make it look like the set of a scifi movie? And let's not forget the mansions. Paul was out here designing cribs for Frank Sinatra, Lucille Ball, a bunch of Hollywood big shots. But Paul didn't just design for the rich folks. He was about the people too. He built schools, churches, affordable housing. He made sure his work touched everybody.


My man was like, I'm building legacies, not just luxury. Now let's talk about why he's important today. First of all, his buildings are still standing, still being used and still looking fresh. But more than that, Paul Williams showed us what it means to hustle with style. He didn't just survive racism, he out designed it. They wouldn't let him sit at the table. So he flipped the table, drew from the other side of the table and made that table his own. And here's the kicker. In 2017 years after he passed, Paul became the first black person to win the American Institute of Architects Gold Medal. That's like the Oscars of architecture. Y'all imagine them handing you a trophy after you dead. Like, Hey man, you was dope. I bad for not saying it a little sooner.


Paul Williams is proof that no matter what barriers they put in front of you, you can still break through and look good doing it. So next time you drive by the Beverly Hills Hotel or you fly into LAX, remember a black man did that and he did it upside down, just a stunt on him. And I didn't know. Maybe you didn't either. Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars, Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe.


If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield Technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owners manual for important safety information. Hello, it is Ryan And I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on Chumba Casino dot com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casino's home to hundreds of Casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com to claim your free welcome bonus. That's Chumba Casino dot com and live the chumba Life sponsored by Chumba Casino.


No purchase necessary v GW Group Void for prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply


With the best all-inclusive vacation deals to Mexico and the Caribbean. Booking your getaway with cheap Caribbean vacations means you have more freedom to do your deal. Whether you want to enjoy snorkeling, endless margaritas and more, or simply soak up the sun and sand in a tropical paradise, cheap Caribbean Vacations has your deal for that. Plan and book the exact getaway you want at exactly the right price for you by using our exclusive Budget Beach Finder. Or find a featured all-inclusive package to Ocean by H 10 Hotels and do your deal@cheapcaribbean.com.


The New Year's here, it's the perfect time to refresh those household essentials and score some cash back rewards with Colgate Palm Olive from toothpaste to dish soap. Chances are you've got Colgate Palm Olive products on your shopping list and in your house. Right now, we're talking brands like Colgate Soft Soap, Palm Olive, Irish, spring, Fabuloso, and TOMS of Maine. And right now, you can get up to a $10 digital Visa prepaid card when you buy up to $30 of Colgate Palm Mall of products. Here's how it works. Spend $20 on their products, get $5, spend $30, get a $10 reward. All you do is shop your favorite brands, snap a pick of your receipt and upload it to cp rewards.com. It's so easy. That's cp rewards.com. So grab what you need or maybe try something new and get rewarded just for doing your usual shopping. And start your year fresh by earning cashback rewards with Colgate Palm Olive Rewards available while supplies last limit. Supply us only 1 1 25 through 3 31 25. For full terms and conditions, visit cp rewards.com.