
Listen to me. This is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passion you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with Prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime Now.


Life is the act of custom reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The bold personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvent the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


You know, you've gotta comeback in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance, this is your opportunity. This is your comeback. Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know, like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or dsw.com


On today's episode of, I didn't know. Maybe you didn't either. Let's discuss the American flag. Whenever I'm quizzing folks on the American flag, I ask three questions. How many stars on the flag? How many stripes on the flag? And who created the flag? Now if your answer was 50 13 and Betsy Ross, you got two outta three, I'll explain. Now, when folks talk about the American flag, all you ever hear is Betsy Ross. This and Bets Sea Ross. That but Betsy don't know ish.


'cause Betsy can't rap. I would like that Bo Jackson commercial Keep up. Look, the point is, folks is always talking about Betsy Ross and that flag like she the Beyonce in the Sewing world or something. But what they don't tell you is that there was someone else putting in the work, a young black woman named Grace Wisher. Now Grace was an apprentice right there with Betsy Ross helping stitch that flag together. But you think Betsy ever gave her as much as a shout out? No, that drug don't say the flag was created by Betsy Ross featuring Grace Wisher at the bottom of it. Nothing. It's like Grace was the AZ to Betsy's Nas. You know what I'm saying? Like AZ a lyrical genius co-wrote some of the best verses on Illmatic. But when folks talk about that album, they act like he wasn't even there.


Grace was in the same boat y'all. And lemme tell you, grace didn't even have the option to shine. It wasn't like she could hop on Instagram and post a selfie like day three of stitching the Stars and Stripes on y'all hashtag Black Girl Magic. No, this was the 17 hundreds. Grace wasn't gonna get no flowers. 'cause back then black women didn't get no flowers. Hell, black people wasn't even allowed to get near the bouquet. Grace's story is wild to me though, because her hands were literally on the symbol of Freedom. Freedom. But she didn't even get a seat at the table. She like most deaf or Ya Bay. Now that what we call him, he another one of them Dope MCs, but he wasn't chasing commercial fame. He was out there spitting truth making classics like black on both sides.


But mainstream was like, nah, we good on that. Grace was out here sewing up history and society was like, nah, we good on that. See, Betsy Ross is like the Dr. Drea the whole operation. Like she had the connections, she got the credit and Grace, she was like goodie mob in the south, pioneering doing soulful conscious work. But usually Outkast get all the credit for the South and Emini here, come on. Like without goodie mob Southern hip hop wouldn't have been the same without Grace Wisher, that flag wouldn't have been the same either. So here's the real talk. When you see that American flag flying high, don't just think about Betsy Ross. Think about 16-year-old Grace Wisher, a little black apprentice that was behind the scenes making it happen even though she was not allowed to shine.


She like Rayquan from Wu-Tang because only built for Cuban Lynx is a masterpiece. But you know folks, it's always like, oh, met the man. Oh, ghost face. Nah man, give Rayquan his flowers and give Grace Wisher her flowers. She's proof that history ain't all about who gets the credit. It's about who did the work. So next time you see that 50 starred, 13 striped American flag, you just remember a 16-year-old black woman helped to make it happen. And I didn't know. Maybe you didn't either.


The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime video and Amazon music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagine Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Are You still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


At David's bridal, love is in every stitch from the initial sketch to the final details. Each style is designed with exquisite craftsmanship. Every wedding gown, bridesmaid look, prom, dress, and special occasion style in between features, handcrafted details filled with love. Come see the magic in person. Book an appointment and sign up for Diamond Loyalty to save 15% on your first purchase. Earn points towards special rewards and more at david's bridal.com.