
This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career, and you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know, like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or dsw.com.


The New Year's here, it's the perfect time to refresh those household essentials and score some cash back rewards with Colgate Palm Olive. From toothpaste to dish soap. Chances are you've got Colgate Palm, olive products on your shopping list and in your house. Right now. We're talking brands like Colgate Soft Soap, Palm Olive, Irish, spring, Fabuloso, and TOMS of Maine. And right now, you can get up to a $10 digital Visa prepaid card when you buy up to $30 of Colgate Palm olive products. Here's how it works. Spend $20 on their products, get $5, spend $30, get a $10 reward. All you do is shop your favorite brands, snap a pick of your receipt and upload it to cp rewards.com. It's so easy. That's cp rewards.com. So grab what you need or maybe try something new and get rewarded just for doing your usual shopping. And start your year fresh by earning cash back rewards with Colgate Paul Molo. Rewards available while supplies last limit. Apply us only 1, 1 25 through 3 31 25. For full terms and conditions, visit cp rewards.com.


Wasn't that delicious? So good. Your bill, ladies. I got it. I got it. No, I don. I got it. Seriously, I insist. I insisted first. First. Don't be silly. Don't you Don't be silly. You don't Be silly. Don't Be


silly. People with the Wells Fargo active cash credit card prefer to pay because they earn unlimited 2% cash back on purchases. Okay, rock paper, scissors for it. Rock paper, scissors, shoot. No. The Wells Fargo active cash credit card. Visit wells fargo.com/active cash terms apply


On today's episode. If I didn't know, maybe you didn't either. I wanna talk to the fellas And I want us to take a moment to reflect on what it means to stand for black women. I wanna share the story of Jazmine Evans, a young black woman who faced racial bias in the healthcare system, a bias that nearly cost her her life. I See Jasmine needed a kidney transplant, some critical for her survival, but instead of being placed on the list like any qualified patient, she was left off.


Why? Because of assumptions rooted in stereotypes about black women. Now we've been discussing medical apartheid all season, and this is just another branch on that tree. The doctors didn't doubt her medical condition. They doubted her ability to comply with post-transplant care, let that sink in. Despite meeting the necessary criteria, they judged her based on who they thought she was, not who she actually is. They assume she lacked support or discipline assumptions tied to harmful narratives about our sisters. This is bigger than Jasmine, though black women are at the heart of our community. They're our mothers, our sisters, our daughters, our partners.


Yet many times they're often disregarded, disrespected, and dismissed. In healthcare studies show they're less likely to receive proper pain management, less likely to be listened to, and more likely to face barriers to lifesaving treatments. Jasmine's story isn't an isolated case. It's a reflection of a system that undervalues black women's lives. But here's the thing. Jasmine didn't give up. She fought back. She raised her voice and exposed the bias that nearly robbed her of her future. After public pressure, she was finally placed on the kidney transplant list, but that fight shouldn't have been necessary. Black women shouldn't have to battle every step of the way just to get what they deserve.


So fellas, this is where we come in. Supporting black women isn't just about words. It's about action. It's about showing up for 'em and standing beside 'em and speaking up when they're being wrong. It's about recognizing that fight is our fight too. We know how much black women do for us. We know how much black women mean to us. They hold us down. They lift us up. They fight for us when nobody else will. And Jasmine's story is a reminder that we need to do the same for them. Let's honor their strength by making sure that the systems that fail them are held accountable. Let's be the men who stand in the gap. 'cause when black women thrive, you already know our entire community thrives.


Jasmine's fight ain't over and neither is ours. So let's commit to making this world safer, fairer, and more just for the black women we love. Okay, Bye. The New Year's here, it's the perfect time to refresh those household essentials and score some cash back rewards with Colgate Palm Olive. From toothpaste to dish soap. Chances are you've got Colgate Palm, olive products on your shopping list and in your house. Right now we're talking brands like Colgate Soft soap, Palm Mo, Irish, spring, Fabuloso, and TOMS of Maine. And right now, you can get up to a $10 digital Visa prepaid card when you buy up to $30 of Colgate Pub Mall of products.


Here's how it works. Spend $20 on their products, get $5, spend $30, get a $10 reward. All you do is shop your favorite brands, snap a pick of your receipt and upload it to cp rewards.com. It's so easy. That's cp rewards.com. So grab what you need or maybe try something new and get rewarded just for doing your usual shopping. And start your year fresh by earning cashback rewards with Colgate Palm Olive Rewards available while supplies last limit. Apply us only 1, 1 25 through 3 31 25. For full terms and conditions, visit cp rewards.com.


At David's bridal, love is in every stitch from the initial sketch to the final details. Each style is designed with exquisite craftsmanship. Every wedding gown, bridesmaid look, prom, dress, and special occasion style in between features, handcrafted details filled with love. Come see the magic in person, look an appointment and sign up for Diamond Loyalty to save 15% on your first purchase. Earn points towards special rewards and more@davidsbridal.com.


Kroger brand products have the great taste you'll celebrate. That's why over 40 million people choose Kroger brand products, making them a true crowd pleaser. And with quality guaranteed you'll love your choice or get your money back. Score. Kroger brand products with savings you can cheer for and great taste. You can't resist Kroger Fresh for everyone.


Creativity doesn't wait and moves, shifts, evolves just like you. And with a yoga PC from Lenovo, your tools finally keep up stunning, smart, and sustainably sourced yoga PCs from Lenovo are designed to amplify your creativity with AI powered performance. Whether you're sketching, editing, animating, or composing yoga moves with you, adapting to your creativity, to your rhythm, with beautiful displays and the flexibility to shift from laptop to tablet, yoga unlocks new ways to inspire and create. Because at Lenovo, we believe your tools should fuel your flow, not hold you back. Yoga PCs from Lenovo support you in every step of your creative journey. So check out lenovo.com/yoga and supercharge your creativity with the yoga Lenovo Lenovo. Empowering creators everywhere.