
Hey y'all. I'm Maria Fe. When You're Invisible is my love Letter to the working class people and immigrants who shaped me. Season two, share stories about community and being underestimated. All The greatest changes have happened when a couple of people said, this sucks. Let's do something about it. We Get paid to serve you or made out of the same things. It's rare to have black male teachers. Sometimes I am the Testament. Listen to when You're Invisible on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Mark Seale. And I'm Nathan King. This Is Leave The Gun. Take the Cannoli. The Five Families did not want us to shoot that picture. This podcast is based on my cohost Mark Seal's bestselling book of the same title, leave the Gun, take the Cannoli Features New and Archival Interviews with Francis Ford Coppola, Robert Evans, James Kahn, Talia Shire, and many others. Yes, that was a Real Horse's head. Listen and subscribe to Leave The Gun. Take the Cannoli on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What would you do if mysterious drones appeared over your hometown? I started asking questions, what do you remember happening on that night of December 16th? It actually rotated around our house looking as if it was tearing in each window of our home. I'm Gabe Lenner from Imagine iHeartPodcasts and Len's Entertainment. Listen to obscure invasion of the drones wherever you get your favorite podcast.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing. I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night, and after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


On today's episode, if I didn't know, maybe you didn't either. I have a question. What was the first HBCU If you said Cheney University in 1837? Of course you're correct. It was the Institute for Colored Youth, the absolute first institution in the United States to provide higher education, specifically for African Americans for perspective. The University of North Carolina Chapel Hill was founded in 1789, almost 50 years, and although they didn't start enrolling students until 17, 95, 42 years is a mighty large head start.


See, Cheney was founded by a Quaker, a white man, Richard Humphreys 'cause he had the bread to do so, which is why Wilberforce is very significant now, although it was founded 19 years after Cheney in 1856. Here's something that I didn't know, maybe you didn't either. Wilberforce University is in Wilbur Forest, Ohio, a town of about 2,400 folks. The area code there is 4 5 3 8 4, and it was named after a white Englishman named William Wilberforce, who was a notable leader of the movement to abolish slavery over there in Britain. However, even though Wilberforce was named after a white man, what makes Wilberforce special is it was the first HBCU owned and operated by black folks, the African Methodist Episcopal Church, a ME to be exact.


So change was founded earlier and began as a vocational and teacher training institute. Whereas Wilberforce was the first HBCU controlled by black folks with an emphasis on liberal arts education. Both were very pivotal to the history of HBCUs. Now, when you ask what's the last HBCU built, if you said American Baptist College, you'd be correct. Here's something else that I didn't know. Maybe you didn't either. It was founded in 1924 as American Baptist Theological Seminary and it wasn't recognized as an HBCU by the US Department of Education until 2013.


A BC is known as Holy Hill and was founded by an unprecedented collaboration between the all Black National Baptist Convention, USA and the all White Southern Baptist Convention. The goal was to educate rural black clergy for leadership in their communities. See, A BC was pumping in the sixties during the Civil rights movement. Stop. See, little black boys wasn't growing up trying to go to Yale or Stanford. Oh, no. Little black boys wanted to go to a B, C and learn how to preach out Fiesta. They wanted to be like Dr. King Sha and A BC got some very notable long too. Bernard Lafayette, who was dang near the founder of the Civil Rights Movement, Congressman John Lewis, activist, CT Vivian and Civil Rights Leader, James Bevel.


But when I asked you what was the last HBCU built, you might've said UVI, and that would've been correct too. 'cause it was founded in 1962, the University of the Virgin Islands. I see it serves a dual role of a land grant university and an HBCU over in the Virgin Islands. Now, whereas all LG Land Grant universities and HBCUs are both types of land grant universities. HBCUs are extremely underfunded compared to PWI lgs, but that's a whole nother conversation for a whole nother episode. This was just a little something that I didn't know. Maybe you didn't either about Cheney will War Force, A, B, C, and UVI.


Listen up, man. If you love this series, you can now listen to us every single week starting in March for all types of things that I didn't know. Maybe you didn't either. Make sure you following the show on the iHeart app so that you can hear more. Okay, bye. Hey, y'all. I'm Maria Fe. When You're Invisible is my love letter to the working class people and immigrants who shaped me. Season two, share stories about community and being underestimated. All The greatest changes have happened when a couple of people said, this sucks. Let's do something about it. We get paid to serve you or made outta the same things. It's rare to have black male teachers. Sometimes I am the Testament.


Listen to when you're invisible on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. I'm Mark Seale. And I'm Nathan King. This Is Leave The Gun. Take the Cannoli. The Five Families did not want us to shoot that Picture. This podcast is based on my cohost Mark Seal's bestselling book of the same title, leave the Gun, take the Cannoli Features New and Archival Interviews with Francis Ford Coppola, Robert Evans, James Kahn, Talia Shire, and many others. Yes, that was a Real Horse's head. Listen and subscribe to Leave the Gun, take the Cannoli on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. What would you do if mysterious drones appeared over your hometown?


I started asking questions, what do you remember happening on that night of December 16th? It actually rotated around our house looking as if it was peering in each window of our home. I'm Gabe Lenner from Imagine iHeartPodcasts and Len's Entertainment. Listen to obscure invasion of the drones wherever you get your favorite podcast. Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd.


I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night, and after nine hours you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.