
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Boes Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career and you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know, like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or dsw.com.


Hello. It is Ryan And I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on Chumba Casino dot com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba Casino is home to hundreds of Casino style games. You can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com to claim your free welcome bonus. That's Chumba Casino dot com and live the Chumba Lights sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. BG W Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply


On today's episode. If I didn't know, maybe you didn't either. Let's talk about some real BGM black girl magic. Two high schoolers. Yes, high schoolers just casually strolled into a math class and solved a math problem that's been chilling unsolved for 2000 years. They're just like, yeah, we got this. I Didn't know you didn't didn't know Me. Cal Johnson and Nakia Jackson from New Orleans. These two were seniors at St.


Mary's Academy back in 2022. Now while most of us were out here just trying to survive senior year avoid senioritis and go to a senior skip day without getting in trouble, these two were out here solving the Pythagorean Theorem with trigonometry. Now, I know you probably can't spell Pythagorean theorem, let alone remember what it was, but it's the rule about triangles. A squared plus B squared equals C squared. You know, basically saying if you got a right angle triangle, the two short sides add up to the long side. Simple, right? Well we learned that in geometry. Turns out, proven it in trigonometry was considered impossible. Like yes, we can land on the moon. And yes, if I'm talking to my wife about dish detergent, as soon as I open up my social media dish detergent ads will be in my algorithm.


But this solving the Pythagorean theorem using trigonometry, nah, that's too difficult. But Cal and Akia were like, hold our calculators. They used something called the law of signs. Not like stop and yield, but sign and co-sign. You remember that? Now, I'm not gonna boil you with math 'cause I put myself to sleep. So lemme break it down to you like I'm breaking it down to a 5-year-old or somebody who got the brain capacity of coal in Martin. Imagine you got a Lego triangle. The Pythagorean Theorem is like saying if I count the Legos on this side and this side, they'll match the Legos on the long side. Easy. But to prove it with trigonometry is like building a whole triangle with no instructions and still having it turn out perfect.


Meanwhile, I'm still trying to put my daughter's desk together for Christmas. I got four screws left over And I think I put the LED lights on backwards. Dig this. These two teenagers presented their work at a professional math conference. These are grown adults with PhDs in Cal and Nikia just walked in like, what's up? Here's something y'all couldn't do in 2000 years, and yet we 17. Now fast forward to 2025, these girls are still killing it. They're in STEM programs now, publishing math papers, Emini here. What were you doing at 17, 18 years old? Personally, I was a felon just trying to graduate high school on a journey to be the best car hops Sonic has ever seen. But let's talk about how big this is for black culture.


Historically, people haven't given black folks their flowers when it comes to science and innovation. These girls kicked that door open and said, we belong here. In the words of Aaliyah age ain't nothing but a number. They showing everyone that black kids don't just play ball or rap. We can change the freaking world. So shout out to Cal and Nikia. They proved that math is for us too, and they didn't just solve an equation, they reminded all of us what's possible when we dream big. So if you got kids, tell 'em to pick up a calculator. You never know. Your little one could be out here solving 3000 year old problems. Next. And I didn't know, maybe you didn't either.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The bows personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagine Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information. Hello, it is Ryan, and we could all use an extra bright spot in our day, couldn't we? Just to make up for things like sitting in traffic, doing the dishes, counting your steps, you know, all the mundane stuff.


That is why I am such a big fan of Chumba Casino. Chumba Casino has all your favorite social Casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere with daily bonuses. So sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com. That's Chumba Casino dot com. No Purchase necessary. VG W Group Void for prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply


With the best all-inclusive vacation deals to Mexico and the Caribbean. Booking your getaway with cheap Caribbean vacations means you have more freedom to do your deal. Whether you want to enjoy snorkeling, endless margaritas and more, or simply soak up the sun and sand in a tropical paradise, cheap Caribbean Vacations has your deal for that. Plan and book the exact getaway you want at exactly the right price for you by using our exclusive Budget Beach Finder. Or find a featured adults only all inclusive package to secrets resorts and spas. And do your deal@cheapcaribbean.com.


The New Year's here, it's the perfect time to refresh those household essentials and score some cash back rewards with Colgate Palm Olive from toothpaste to dish soap. Chances are you've got Colgate Palm Olive products on your shopping list and in your house. Right now. We're talking brands like Colgate Soft Soap, Palm Olive, Irish, spring, Fabuloso, and TOMS of Maine. And right now you can get up to a $10 digital Visa prepaid card when you buy up to $30 of Colgate Pub Mall of products. Here's how it works. Spend $20 on their products, get $5, spend $30, get a $10 reward. All you do is shop your favorite brands, snap a pick of your receipt and upload it to cp rewards.com. It's so easy. That's cp rewards.com. So grab what you need or maybe try something new and get rewarded just for doing your usual shopping. And start your year fresh by earning cash back rewards with Colgate Palm Olive Rewards available while supplies last limit. Apply us only 1 1 25 through 3 31 25. For full terms and conditions, visit cp rewards.com.