
Life is an act of custom reinvent that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The bold personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvent the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new imagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You are ready for the next step in your career and you want an education, employers respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know, like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or dsw.com.


Ryan Seacrest here. When you have a busy schedule, it's important to maximize your downtime. One of the best ways to do that is by going to Chumba Casino dot com. Chumba Casino has all your favorite social Casino games like spin slots, bingo and solitaire that you can play for free for a chance to redeem some serious prizes. So hop on to Chumba Casino dot com now and live the Chumba Life sponsored by Chumba Casino. No Purchase necessary. VG W Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply


On today's episode of, I didn't Know, maybe you didn't either. I want to introduce to you Jay Marian Sims. They call him the father of modern gynecology. That man was just Satan and Scrubs. Jay, Marian Sin Sims. He developed lifesaving medical techniques back in the 18 hundreds, but the way he did it wild, he experimented on enslaved black women without anesthesia.


Like, Hey, I'm about to cut you open. All right, but don't worry, you'll be fine 'cause you blacks don't feel pain quite like I do. That's literally what he believed and people let him get away with it. Three women have been documented. Anca, Lucy and Betsy, and these three women went through hell. Anca alone had over 30 surgeries, 30 with no anesthesia, and Sims called it science. And you know what he got for it? A statue in Central Park like imagine going for a jog and seeing a dude being honored for torturing black women. That was a reality before 2018 because in 2018, activists showed up in bloody hospital gowns so that you could visualize these atrocities and pretty much said, nah, this statue's gotta go.


And guess what? They won. The statue got moved to a cemetery. And quite honestly, that's where it belongs right beside Jay. Marion Sims is dead ethics. Now here's where it gets real. You'd think this is just some old school nonsense, right? Nah, those same racist ideas are still here lurking in hospitals. Like bad wifi studies show doctors today still think black women feel less pain. That's why black women are three times more likely to die from childbirth complications three times. Meanwhile, Karen, over there getting extra Tylenol for paper cut make it make sense. So what do we do?


First, stop giving shady people statues. But more importantly, we gotta listen. When people say they're in pain or need help, we need to believe them. 'cause if Anca, Lucy and Betsy could survive all that, the least we can do is make sure that nobody else has to. And I didn't know, maybe you didn't either. Life is the act of custom rib bitching that's true for you and for cars, Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The bold Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvent the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new imagined Nissan Kicks today Available feature.


Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information. Juba looking for excitement. Juba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere, play on the train, play at the store, play at home play when you're bored, play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for or don't delay? Chumba Casino is free to play Experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games including online slots, bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the chumba life at Chumba Casino dot com. No Purchase necessary. VG W Group Void for prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply.


Tired of the Winter Cold. Don't worry. Spring break season is right around the corner and at Cheap Caribbean vacations. It doesn't matter if you're traveling as a family or going on an adults only getaway. They have beach deals for all types of all-inclusive vacations. Just book your Spring break travel in March or April to unlock an extra $250 off your package price. This offer is valid through February 27th, on vacation packages of four nights or more. Don't wait. Book now@cheapcaribbean.com.


The New Year's here, it's the perfect time to refresh those household essentials and score some cash back rewards with Colgate Palm Olive from toothpaste to dish soap. Chances are you've got Colgate Palm, olive products on your shopping list and in your house. Right now, we're talking brands like Colgate Soft Soap, Palm Olive, Irish, spring, Fabuloso, and TOMS of Maine. And right now, you can get up to a $10 digital Visa prepaid card when you buy up to $30 of Colgate Palm Olive products. Here's how it works. Spend $20 on their products, get $5, spend $30, get a $10 reward. All you do is shop your favorite brands, snap a pick of your receipt and upload it to cp rewards.com. It's so easy. That's cp rewards.com. So grab what you need or maybe try something new and get rewarded just for doing your usual shopping. And start your year fresh by earning cash back rewards with Colgate Palm. All rewards available while supplies last limit. Apply us only 1 1 25 through 3 31 25. For full terms and conditions, visit cp rewards.com.