
The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime Video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bows Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagine Nissan Kicks today Available Feature Bowes is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


You know you've gotta comeback in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback, Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know, like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or dsw.com.


What's happening, we back like the name on a jersey. Welcome back to, I Didn't Know, maybe you didn't either. The podcast where every episode proves that your high school history teacher was a liar. I didn't know. Now if you've been locked into all 95 episodes of the podcast, and you know season one, we came out swinging, hit y'all with the grimy, gritty stuff Black babies used as alligator bait clowns rooted in racism with blackface and nursery rhymes that were never meant for nap time.


And y'all remember when I told you about Dunking Boots back in the day? They didn't aim at a target. The target was the face of an enslaved black man. Yeah, we had all the smoke in season one. Then in season two, we had to show you the winds, like how Winston-Salem, North Carolina had a black-owned bus system that would've made Rosa Parks proud, or how black people saved Pepsi, or one of my favorite people in history, Robert Smalls. My dude stole a whole confederate ship and said, yeah, me and my family up outta here. You heard of the Underground Railroad. My boy Robert Smalls had the underground cruise line for season three last year. We had a focus on stem science, technology, engineering, and math. Black folks out here innovating even when they don't give us the credit, talked about how DJs use math and neuroscience to keep the parties lit, how drones could find black towns that's been buried underwater.


And of course, we shared massacres and atrocities like when Philly bombed its own citizens in the 1970s. This season, we talking about the queens black women who changed the game. Each week we've got a highlight on HBCUs. We're talking about medical injustices and malpractices, and of course we got more massacres because apparently white supremacy had seasons too. But it's not all bad. We've got stories of success and innovation to remind y'all that black history is about resilience, brilliance, and us never folding. So tell a friend to tell a friend, can we drop in new episodes daily this month on the Black Effect Podcast Network?


Hopefully you'll laugh, you'll learn, and you might just be mad at your history teacher all over again. Season four. I didn't know. Maybe you didn't either. Starts right now, I Didn't Know. No,


Listen to me. This is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passions you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now, I'm so sick of hearing men talk about women's basketball. This is Lexi Brown and Mariah Rose, and we've got a new podcast full circle every Wednesday. We're catching you up on what's going on in women's basketball. We've got you with analysis inside stories and a little bit of tea. Full Circle is an iHeart women's sports production and partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. Listen to Full Circle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports,


Calling all Yellowstone fans. Let's go to work. Join Bobby Bones on the official Yellowstone Podcast for exclusive cast interviews. Behind the scenes insights, and a deep dive into the themes that have made Yellowstone a cultural phenomenon. Our family legacy is this ranch And I protective of my life. Listen to the official Yellowstone podcast now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome to my legacy, I'm Martin Luther King ii, and together with my wife, Andrea Waters King and our dear friends, mark and Craig Kil, we explore the personal journeys that shape extraordinary lives. Join us for heartfelt conversations with remarkable guests like David Oye Ho, Mel Robbins, Martin Sheen, Dr. Sanjay Gupta, and Billy Porter. Listen to my legacy on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This is my legacy.