
This is an iHeartPodcasts. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything. And everybody, did you Hear that exclusive? You know, if you don't lie about that, right? Lauren came In. Hi. Hey guys, it's Lauren La Rosa, and this is the latest with Lauren La Rosa. This is your daily dig on all things entertainment, pop culture, and exclusive news. Now, y'all know we like to get into the conversations that shake the room baby, so we are gonna get right on into it, but first we gotta check on it Back on the grind, Grinding, because we grinding When you moving around, a lot of times people don't, people don't check on you. I saw a, a tweet from Sexy Red where she's like, yo, check on your strong friends.


And that is what the behind the scenes of the grind is. It's a check-in on your strong friends, on yourself, on each other. I do it because y'all know I'm sitting in here recording majority of the time by myself. So I do it because a lot of times I need to check myself like, girl, where you at with it? How are you, how are you feeling? You know what I'm saying? Like, what's, what's really going on? So today I am feeling, hmm, how am I feeling today? I've had a lot of feelings this morning. One of the biggest overwhelming feelings that I had this morning that I can't put into one word, which we like to do here, but I could put it to a few, it's just, I, I I, this morning I was just thanking God for being able to do what I love every day.


I got back in from LA last night, it was pretty late, my shower. Got my life together like, you know, through my clothes out and skin, you know, social media and news outlets. One more time to figure out, you know, what I kind of wanted to prioritize to talk about today on The Breakfast Club and here on the podcast. And I woke up this morning, I felt rested even though I know I need like another good day of early sleep to be all the way back from that LA trip, but I felt rested. However, I was like, man, I wish I had the type of job where I could just call off work and take a day to myself just to honestly regroup from people and all the interactions that I've had with people lately and recently. And I was like, you know, but my, my type of job is, is not that type of job.


And then I was just thinking about and thinking back to the days where I worked jobs where I would've been thinking that just because I was so miserable at what I was doing. Not even because I needed the actual recuperation time, but just because I wasn't happy. And I was like, God, thank you so much because I'm so happy with where I am in life. It's a blessing. And just be like, Hey, things are going so well And I am busy and I'm working so much that I, I just kind of need just a little pause, a little fill, fill my cup up day versus I am so miserable. I don't wanna be in the space that I'm in, in that, in the space that I'm in. Completely different mental spaces to be in.


And I just remember being in the other mental space versus where I'm at now. And all morning this morning driving into work, I was just like, God, thank you. Like thank you God. Like we really came up outta that and, and ain't never looking back. So I hope you guys are feeling lovely as well. You know, there's, there's been a lot going on in court with Diddy as we transition into the latest 'cause y'all know, I love to take y'all to court. Love to take y'all to court. So Diddy child there, there's been a lot going on, but I, I, you know, what I would love to hear from you guys via social media is, 'cause we've had this conversation before, is this stuff just, you know, adding color, adding context and adding and providing for very salacious really good headlines?


Or is are, are these witnesses now on the government side that are actually needed for the case? Right. So we have not talked about court here in detail in some time, and since we haven't, there's been a, a lot that has happened. So Diddy's team actually asked for a mistrial. The mistrial was denied by a judge. And the reason why Diddy seem asked for a mistrial is because Diddy's attorneys alleged that one of the witnesses, a woman named Brianna Bunga, who was a, a friend of Cassie's, they believed that she took the stand and testified false testimony. She testified that Diddy allegedly dangled her over the edge of a 17th balcony, 17th floor balcony at Cassie's old apartment in LA in September of 2016, which Cassie did testify that she witnessed as well.


But the defense, you know, came in, Diddy's team came in and tried to poke holes in the store using metadata from the photos of her alleged injuries from this incident. And they're saying that it happened on a completely different day, right? So there was an argument about that, and they tried to say that the testimony was false and, and things of that nature. Right? Now the judge has come in and said, no, not happening, not, not, not moving forward whatsoever. And the reason why he did that, because the judge basically said, look, Brianna has already admitted to having taken a lot of drugs, you know, particularly during that time in question.


He said, it happened years ago. And you know, we, we thank God that she's sober and sober enough to come into the court and be able to provide her testimony. But giving you a mistrial or even excluding her testimony is perjury. So basically like, I'm not gonna say her testimony didn't have, you know, she didn't misquote certain dates and times in her testimony, but she provided a good background as to such the government provided enough information around that. And when Diddy team came in and tried to poke holes in it, the government came in and said, no, here's exactly what happened.


Because if you guys remember, the government came back in after Diddy team tried to say she got the dates wrong and Diddy was in New York and said, and provided, you know, a, a text messages, conversations from Cassie, which proved that it actually happened, but the timing was wrong. Now, in addition to that, there's been other things, like there's been a lot of talk of, you know, just jealousy on Jane doe's side and Jane Doe admitting that she wanted to be more with Diddy. That, you know, there were birthdays that she wanted to spend with her boyfriend and with, or you know, who was allegedly Diddy at the time. And her idea of birthdays and celebrations and just time with him didn't always include other men.


She said at one point, you know, she got together multiple other men, three other men outside of Diddy who were escorts and performed sexual acts with them, allegedly for Diddy because she just wanted to make him happy. And she called this the all-star team, but she said that this is not something she wanted to do, but she felt like she was under certain pressures because Diddy was financially supporting her and because she loved him. So that was very similar to Cassie as well. So that kind of added to that as well. But, you know, I, I think a lot of what is being provided here, it's very similar to what we've heard prior to with Cassie. And I think Cassie's testimony painted that very well.


And it was a lot stronger because there was, there, like we, the the physical abuse that they showed in court when it came to Cassie and Jane Doe has admitted that, you know, her and Diddy, you know, they've had their exchanges of words and, and different things, but the evidence that they provided when it came to Cassie showed very strongly, you know, the leaning into the force and the coercion and all of these things that the government is trying to show Diddy uses to make people do things they do not wanna do, such as fly to different states, you know, allegedly and have sex with these escorts and things of that nature.


I personally, you know, in keeping up with Jane Doe and her testimony, I kind of knew from the start of this because when she first started, you could tell that there was still a bit, you know, of admiration for Diddy and she did admit, understand that she's still in currently in love with Diddy. I I knew that Diddy's team was gonna try and use small things like the fact that, you know, she's still working with one of the attorneys who Diddy had provided for her in the beginning of all of these things, once the government approached her about everything, about the investigation right in, in his favor, like to make her not credible. But I, I don't know, I, I guess I'm just saying, I, I don't know if this is a big enough hit or a big enough witness to trump a lot of the other things that we've seen.


And I know for me, I'm getting fatigued by it, just as a normal person listening, I'm feeling like, okay, I'm hearing the stories, I'm hearing all these things, but this woman in particular, the biggest overall thing for me from this was yes, this is a man of power and of influence and drugs were introduced and you know, what wrongs were done to her according to her, you can't take away from her, but a lot of this seems like, and and he spent a lot of time talking about this, like her feeling away because he was doing things publicly with Young Miami and spending money on her and doing things for young Miami's birthday that she was not getting. And if I am the government, I'm sorry, and if I'm Diddy's attorneys at all, that is what I lean into because it does sound like a, you know, a woman who, who's hurt and, and, and don't get me wrong, even Cassie, when she was talking about that time period of her life appeared hurt as she would've been because there was love for this man.


Although he was doing the things that we've seen him do in that CNN video and other things that are alleged, right? Well she alleged, we don't know if, if that was done, but that she alleged, right? But at the same time, I think that this is, first of all, this is a lot more of a recent girlfriend that's number one. Secondly, I, I don't know, I just, and may be some attorneys can chime in. I I think that this is lower hanging fruit And I think that you do like, I get it, you need that because you wanna kind of drive it home to a point where no one can even think any different if you're a juror. But I just don't know if a testimony like this gets it to the point where now, you know, now the, the jurors are like, okay, wait, hold on.


Like is it just a jealousy thing or, or did these things happen? Like, you know what I'm saying? So I just don't know. I, for me, y'all, I think when it comes to this whole situation, again, I'm paying more attention to like the government is laying out what they're laying out and it's very clear what they're laying out. I'm paying more attention to the defense because I think when I see the defense come back in, I see how they fight it. And that to me makes me wonder how a jury is thinking. Like when you poke holes, like, like what they try to do with Breonna and you're like, okay, the metadata says boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. And you're like, okay, you gotta bombshell and then the government comes back in and shows text messages from Cassie.


It's like the defense kind of gives the government their like strategy and then the government comes back at them. And if I'm a, if I'm a juror, right? And I, not even, right, if I'm a juror, one of the biggest things that I wanna do is, is I wanna try and look at it from both sides of course, but the rebuttal is everything like being able to prove or disprove is everything in, in these cases because it's so many details that are being thrown at you and only big things are gonna stand out like someone not having a date. Correct. Like, you know, I know the government is leaning in with Jane Doe that Diddy's financial status and power and just influence because of love and emotional distress and all these things over this woman and things that she had, you know, now.


'cause she saw the gassy beating video and she mentioned that, things like that, it is how he's able to get her to do these acts that she does not want to do as she's allegedly telling him that she does not not wanna do 'em, right? But I wanna see how Diddy's team comes in and, and is able to kind of break this whole thing down because that's honestly y'all, I just, I just really think we gotta get to the defense. Like I really think we gotta get to the defense's side because we've seen the picture that the government has been painting over and over and over and over and over and over and over. So at this point, that is what I'm looking forward to. Alright, y'all in rapping, I know the BET Awards are done, done, done.


And I promise y'all this is the last day I'm even mentioning the BET Awards anywhere. But in fairness, if you took a listen to my report that I did on The Breakfast Club about Wale music artist, Wale and Kai Sinat Wale ran into Kai Sinat and this took place. Hold up Rusty, you good? What you playing on your Nintendo Switch smash Sna bro, I'll beat you. Alright gang Wally. Oh my God, that was somebody crazy. Hey, the whole chat knows him. Wale Wale, what he do? Rap. Oh, work. He know this like lotus flower bond.


Oh shit. And then while they ran back into Casana and he said this, That shit making me look crazy right now, just letting you know what that's making me look crazier than the, the, the exchange that we had in the hallway. It's, it's, oh my bad bro, Emini here, they running with it. But, but we'll talk later. Ah, man, Because of this an interaction. Some people have been saying, yo, it's so whack while Lay got such a big ego, he's mad that Kai And I didn't recognize him. That's corny. Kai And I is younger, he wouldn't recognize you because you haven't put out music and you know, all these things, which Wale has dropped a few little things here and there, but basically people mean like he hasn't had like a big splash recently of music or like, you know, hits or hit singles or things of that nature.


Now Wale responded in the Shade Room comments and he said, this is crazy. I didn't even know we was being filmed both times. We played in a celebrity football game last year. I was really confused. And what Wale is referring to is in the audios you guys just heard, Kai And I is filming because he's live on stream. Kai And I is always live on stream. There's also a person if, if they're filming with a camera that while I don't know how w they didn't see him, the camera person, but I know when DDG came up here, it was very clear that someone was filming, even though it goes to a stream, it's like a camera pack that they had when they're doing it. So I don't know how, while they missed that, but he's saying that he didn't know that they were being filmed for people that are basically saying that he was reaching for a moment or he was, he was embarrassed because it was on video or on stream or whatever, right?


So from this conversation, Wale then posted an ad for a Nintendo switch, which is what he was playing as you guys heard when he first ran into Kai. And the people are arguing back and forth because there's one side of the fence, you know, and this, this is honestly taking us to the streets and the tweets you for, we outside, we outside, outside every other page. Our goal, because all of this is going down on Twitter. So there's one side of the fence who was like, listen, y'all love to sit here and act like Wale just be yelling and screaming for no reason. Angel, the singer said people in the industry have spent years trying to treat Wale like a stepchild when he's really one of the goats.


And she put goats in all caps. And she said, and I'll be damned, I'll argue with everybody on this app. And basically what she's alluding to is the other side of the coin. The other side of the coin is that people are, first of all, people feel like Kai Sinat did know who Wale was and that he was just trying to play him. Which y'all, that is so not in Kai Sinnott's fashion. He is, he, he seems like I've never met him in person, but from every interaction I've ever seen him have, he seems very respectful, very honest, and he's never just trying to put someone down for no reason, but the conversational, whether Kai knew who he was or should have known who he was or not, begin fans to talk about whether Wale musically is in a position to even feel like Kai should have known who he was and who's fault is that?


And when I say who's fault is that, there's always been, you know, conversation around Wale choosing to remove himself from certain label deals and you know, just how his career went and how much of the onus on himself needs to be put there for that other, you know, people are bringing in age because of how young Kaisa is, but they're saying it like, you know, Wale's songs are so big, so no matter the age, like the lotus flower bomb and things of that nature, you should still know who he is. Now another person said Dash your goat says Wale gets a bad rap for standing up for himself and not letting certain shit slide. You guys stand up for yourself. You can't let a person play with you ever.


And that is in response to people saying that the second interaction he had with Kai Sinat was uncalled for because Kai Sinat wasn't being, you know, again, wasn't trying to directly play with Wale, he just honestly didn't know who he was. But Wale, that has always been another conversation around him as well too. He speaks out when things happened to him, he's very vocal about. And honestly, it's so crazy because as vocal as he is when he do, when he does decide to speak out and say certain things, he's also very secluded into himself and don't say nothing about nothing unless it's about his outfits. But I don't know, I thought that this was interesting because as a Wale fan, I'm just gonna speak for myself.


I'm a fan of Wale's cr creativity, and when I say that Emini here, you know, his ability to write and put words together the way that he does and put it over music and understand like sounds, and you know, like he is amazing at what he does and that's why when he puts out music, things stick. Now whether he's done that recently in a way that everybody's jumping to go listen to the song or not, y'all can argue about that all you want, but when you think about, you know, Wale in the era when we got to know Wale, he's amazing at what he does. Now who is there a finger that you can point on?


Who's to blame about why? We don't know, nor some people care Emini here. And again, I'm not talking about myself, I'm a Wale fan, but there are some people who will tell you in 2025, literally on Twitter right now, there are people arguing that in 2025 Wale is not relevant. People just don't care. And it's not Kai's fault. So when interactions like this happen with a younger art Emini here with a younger creator and a older creator, and you know, there's been so much conversation around Wale's career and why things went silent. And if he is to blame, if he is the problem, people feel like there has been self-sabotage to some sorts. Now this is nothing that any of us can, you know, point a direct finger to or confirm.


There has just been instances of various things with him, not, you know, wanting to be on labels and not doing certain things and honestly just wanna do things his way. But this could also just be an artist who, you know, feels like he's not being treated well and that's how he stands up for himself. In this whole situation. I'm asking you guys who was right and who was wrong. It's Kaiser not, not wrong for honestly just not knowing who Wale was because there are people on this app who are making it seemed like that above the rim on X says Wale is legit probably the most disrespected rapper ever. But how is that Kai Sadat's fault?


Fault? I don't understand how the conversation turns to that. Like how is that Kai Sadat's fault? Another person tweeted, it's no excuse for Kai Sinat not to know who Wale is. And he y'all blaming us on age. He was born in 2000, he's 23, not 12. And then on the other side, people were like, Emini here. Oh, Wale would've handled this way different. 2009, 2010. Wale would've had 12 to 13 tweets about it. All he did was plug Nintendo Switch. Obviously I, I'm hoping you know, there's some sort of deal with them now he commented and explained what, why he felt weird by the interaction. I think he was under the impression that Kai not would've remembered him from that celebrity football game, based on his words, Wale's words themselves.


And then he moved on. But I always think it's interesting when an artist just isn't as big as some people or not in that. 'cause Wale is a big name. Like, I don't know why people, I hate when people have this conversation about Wale because I think just because someone doesn't have something that's streaming on the radio every single day doesn't mean that this artist's contributions doesn't matter and that he is not who he is talent wise. And I think that we need to be able to separate the two things. And because of how big social media is and how loud things get and how big this interaction was, for instance, right? We aren't able to separate the two things. And I think it's unfair to both parties, but people are upset. They're upset at Wale because they feel like this made him look bad, this made him look corny. This made him, you know, have a huge, or it it leans into the whole, Wale has this huge ego and that's his issue now and that's why things are not working for him now, right?


But then on the other side, people are like, come on Kai, for you to be in this world of things, doing what you're doing, it makes no sense. What do y'all think? Who do y'all think right or wrong? I, in my opinion, Kai And I, I don't believe that he, he knew who Wale was off Rip. I think maybe if you played him a couple songs a bit and gave him, you know, a little bit of like background context, he might've came around to remembering him and even might've remembered playing in the game with him. I think Kai And I is just one of those people who receives everyone very graciously and friendly, even in a video interaction, him saying, what's up to Wale? It's not like Wale like he just said, what's up to him? Because they were walking past each other and and just had a human interaction with him. Or do you think on the other hand, you know, Wale is, you know, wrong for and and honestly it wasn't even the first interaction.


It was that second interaction that I was like, Ooh, that's not gonna be taken well because it was more so like, yo, you play with me on stream. Like, it was kind of like a, it it was a soft come on, y'all stop. Come on, stop playing with me. Because I think, And I don't know this for sure, but based off of the interaction that y'all just listened to from what I'm hearing and what I'm interpreting, while they felt a way by how this was taken by how he was made to look, but it wasn't, I, I don't believe it was intentional. So y'all go take a look at the videos, y'all listen to the audio here. Now let me know what y'all think about it, man, at the end of the day there's always a lot to talk about and y'all could be anywhere with anybody talking about it, but you choose to be right here with me And I appreciate you guys every single time you do.


So I'll see you guys in my next episode. This is an iHeartPodcasts.