
Divorce can leave you feeling isolated, like you're stuck on an island with no direction, but you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step, offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com because you deserve a better path forward.


Hey, all you women soups, fans, and folks who just don't know yet that they're women's soups fans, we've got a big week over at Good Game with Sarah Spain as we near the end of one of the most exciting women's college basketball seasons ever. The most parody we've seen in years with games coming down to The Wire. And everyone wondering which team will be crowned national champions this weekend in Tampa. Listen to Good Game with Sarah Spain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey Kids, it's me, Kevin Smith, and It's me, Harley Quinn Smith. That's my daughter, man, who my wife has always said is just a beardless version of me. And that's the name of our podcast. Beardless was me. I'm the old one.


I'm the young one. And every week we try to make each other laugh really hard. Sounds innocent, doesn't it? A lot of cussing, a lot of bad language. It's for adults only. Or listen to it with your kid. Could be a family show. We're not quite sure. We're still figuring it out. It's a work in progress. Listen to Beardless. Listen me on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes lower from Blumhouse tv, iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst as he unravels the mystery of his vanished boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Sleep with everyone he knew.


Obviously listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows. Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is here as well. And we got a special guest in the building, The legendary Tasha Smith. Ladies, gentlemen, she's back. Welcome. Good morning, Tasha. Guys, how you feeling? I feel amazing. I feel like I'm at home. I feel like I'm with family. You are. I love you guys. I appreciate you guys, your voice, what you do. I just really appreciate You. Oh, thank you.


Seriously, You are one of the most underrated people in this business. You do not get the credit you deserve. Oh, for like the way you pour into people and the stars that you've helped become stars. I don't even know if people understand that part of it. Everybody's story is Tasha Smith did it first. Tasha Smith told me T like, Well, speaking of pouring into people, I didn't, I just, I don't know if you knew this, but right before Tasha walked in, Lauren was fixing a wig and you know, almost pouring. Yeah, yeah, yeah. She was asking Tasha for tips if Tasha be fly all the time. I get, Oh, IM sorry. Just came in here and started matching today. Now you talking about being fly, not about to win, you just showed up with the same color face. But She was fixing a wig and kind of like wiping her eyes like she was tearing up.


And I said, what's happening? She was like, you know, when I left TMZ, the one person I called was Tasha Smith. Oh my goodness. So you wanna explain that story, what You tell me, Lauren? I I think I text you. And I was like, Hey, I'm thinking about leaving my job. I See. See, he fixed the away crying. I don I was like, I'm thinking about leaving my job Last name glued incorrectly. I don't, I don have lashes today. Shut up. I was like, I think about leaving my job, but just wanted to talk to somebody that like understands like, you know, career and like, you know, longevity in it. We had met and we talked before, but I was just like, you know, everybody has like such a great story of like how your perception of them and kind of what you see for them. And I was like, I don't really know who I can call And I trust right now. And I reached out to you, I text you and you, you sent me a voice note back.


And I remember I was driving into my garage And I pulled over and was listening to the voice note and you were like, whatever it is you're feeling, do it. You are a star. You're gonna be great. Don't be scared. Do it and let me know when it's done. And I, And I, here I am, I am so proud of you. Can I just tell you that I am so proud of you when I saw everything that was going on, I was literally singing your praises to have the courage and boldness to make a decision to live your life in the way that you saw it. And I'm so proud that you took that leap of faith. And it's something I gotta share something with y'all because when I was at, I was like meditating last night And I was thinking about you And I was thinking about Jess not trying to like, but y'all are both my girls.


Yes. You know, I played Jess's mom, you know, on a TV show and y'all are my babies. And when I think about just us as black women and just how powerful and unique we are, I was meditating And I was like, what is it that I can say to women? And do you mind if I just share this? Please share Course. Okay. So what what I, what I ended up writing down was, you are not in competition, you're in community. And us as women, sometimes we think we're in competition, but we're not in competition, we're in community. Right? And also your light doesn't dim because someone else is shining.


Like it's not gonna dim our light to let someone else shine. If anything, when all of us are walking in the room together allowing ourselves to shine, that room becomes even brighter. Okay? The other thing I thought about, and this was you and Jess, is that every woman is uniquely designed. I was thinking about my girls over here, that's Monique, that is my girl Isha. And I'm like, look at how individual they are. Look at how individual we are. We're all unique, we're all different, right? But we don't have to fear about anybody taking up space because there's room for every shade of brilliance.


Okay? The other thing I wrote down was insecurity dissolves when we recognize individually as women are divine design because we are all designed divinely by God, right? And when we embrace our uniqueness, we give others permission to do the same. Maryanne Williams. So let's celebrate each other. You know that? Yes, Mary Williams, let allow ourselves to not be afraid of anyone else's light out, like outshining our light because it can't happen when we walk in who we are.


I love you, I love Jess And I love what both of you are doing. Your voices are so important to our culture and to our women. So let's allow ourselves to remember. And not that you guys feel like this, but this is for all of us women that we are not in competition. We are in community. Period. I just love you. I love that. I had to say that. Okay, As you were saying that, I'm reading your arm and it says Trust God And dream big. Ooh. So these are two, like these were my first two tattoos I ever got, right? Because, And I always say this, you may have heard me say this before, that we have to dream big, right? And how whatever our dreams are, it's not a figment of our imagination, but God's showing us a glimpse, a glimpse of our future.


And even you deciding to leave where you were, that was something that God placed in you saying it is time to move. And a lot of times we get comfortable and complacent with where we are, but God's not always feeding us in the place that we've already been. And in order for us to get that new food that God has for us, we gotta make moves and go into areas that we're unsure of. That's right. But that's where our faith lies and that's where we end up experiencing God in a whole nother way. Could you imagine if you did not leave, you wouldn't be experiencing God the way that you are now in your life. So I'm excited. Let's go.


Okay. Seriously, I love it. Oh my God. You know what? I don wanna ask Tasha, 'cause you're making me think right now. Who did that for you? Ooh. What you just did for Lauren and Jess who did that for you when you was on the come and You do it without like, like it, it's just you. Like the first time I met you, I think, I don't even remember if it, it was at er. I don't think it was ER's party, but the first time I met you, our first interaction, I was just like, she's really like, this is just her. Like if, if you just pour in like effortlessly, like who taught you to do that? You know what I, and a lot of people, and I'll tell, it's two things I wanna share. One is, I remember a while ago, And I think I've told you about, you know, the time I had gotten born again and you know, I went to ministry school And I thought, oh, one day I'm gonna be a preacher or something like that.


But I realized that my ministry is what I'm doing, like is me teaching, acting me, empowering other people to pursue their purpose, my my acting, my directing, you know, being a good leader. Like those are the things that I learn that I feel like I could utilize those gifts in The World that I'm in within this industry. Yeah. As far as other people that have done that for me, I'm gonna be honest, Angela Bassett and Maryanne Jean Baptiste, I don't know if you're familiar with Maryanne Jean Baptiste, but she's an amazing actress from England. You know, she's, she's in a, in a film right now called Hard Truths. Her Hard Truths. And she was in a, she, she was nominated for Oscar years ago called Secrets and Lies.


But she's a brilliant actress from the uk And I remember I was on it series And I, I never even shared this out loud, I've never shared this publicly, but I'm just, I feel it. I'm gonna share it. I was on a show called for Better or Worse, And I was tired of doing the show. Like I just felt like God had more for me, although it was a blessing at the time And I had a good time and it was a wonderful thing. But in my spirit I kept feeling like I, my voice isn't being heard as far as my artistic voice in a way that I feel like it could be. And you know, I was making money, it was cool, whatever. But I said, but I feel like I have to go.


And she was someone that I made that call to the way you talk to me, she was the one that talked to me like that and said, go and pursue your dreams. Go and do what you desire to do. You would act for free. You would be in acting class, class acting for free. Go and pursue what's in your heart. And when I quit, for better or worse, because I did, I ended up going and that's when I started really pursuing my directing And I made space for my directing. So me walking out of that space, not only did I end up like getting empire, which gave me a whole nother rhythm of acting that I could experience, but that's also the birth of my directing career.


Wow. It was me taking that leap of faith and now I have this whole new, you know, like career opportunity and all of that stuff. But it was from me making that one move that seemed crazy to everybody else. I didn't even tell Nobody. They didn't even know when I came here, I had already had the guest hosting scheduled. I didn't tell my mom, I didn't tell my grandmother and 'cause I didn't wanna hear nobody tell me not to do it. Right. I just quit and then drove home. I love it. And then I came here And isn't that deep house, sometimes you can't tell everybody your move or your dream because think about it, sometimes when you wanna do something that might seem crazy to others, people will give you advice based on their own fear. That's right. And their own insecurity.


Like, just because you ain't got the faith to go don't mean don't, don't project that on me. So sometimes, no, you gotta keep your move silent sometimes because other people will discourage you out of what's in your heart to do. So I'm, I'm happy for you sis. What's Your thoughts on, you know, a lot of people say that it's difficult for women to work with each each other and this is where this situation came from. And they say that women are always in competition and there's not enough community. What's your thoughts on That? Yeah, it's, it's what I had, how I was sharing, you know what Emini here, I feel like sometimes us as women, they think it's about being competitive. They think that just because someone else is shining, it's gonna dim my light. When that's not the truth.


Like if we allow ourselves to embrace our uniqueness and our individuality, we will encourage other people to embrace theirs. Have You had that issue? I wanna ask that. You know, I've never been a jealous girl. Like I, it's just not how I've been. Like I've never been like a girl where I'm like mad at somebody else. 'cause Emini here, look at me. I'm an acting teacher. Like, and most of the women that I teach from Mary j Blotch to Andrea Day, to McKayla Cole to FKA Twigs, Emini. Here I can go on and on. Like God has placed some incredible women around me whose lives I got to pour into. But also they pour into my life just through the process of working.


They encourage me to dream as big as possible. But I also wanna say something about self love. And that's the thing I feel with some of us women that may cause us to be, you know, insecure or jealous because you know what jealousy does, it creates division and separation. Right? But I feel like the lack of self-love sometimes could cause, could create, you know, the way that we go out in The World. And if we don't have self-love, then I might be insecure around her or insecure around another person. But if we embrace our self love, you know, we will allow everybody to be, we will grant people out of love.


Right. The permission to be who they are. Like I told my girls today, I said, y'all bitches better get cute today. I'm not even playing. I said, y'all bitches better get cute. My, my sister Barisha, she came around me the other day to do the first day she got here to do my makeup. When I tell you she was covered up, like she literally covered up her entire body. I was like, why? Thought she was cold? No, she was, she thought I would be insecure of her being a bad bitch because sometimes that happens. You know what I'm saying? Like going around, like if you come and do something, women, if some, if you have insecurity and you see this, this ass and this little waist and these titties and this fine girl walking in, you'll be like, I'm uncomfortable.


But no, I actually love for my girls to be beautiful. I love bad bitches only around me. Okay. I just love it. I love it. Especially when they got all that Melanie, you lord that mercy. I'm saying. But we just have to You're very beautiful. Yeah. Respectful. Right, right. But I just think lack of self love, you know, and us not allowing ourselves to embrace our individuality and our uniqueness. And the more that we embrace that for ourselves, the more we can allow others to do that. Like I love, like I, when I think about Taraji, when I think about Angela Bassett, when I think about Janet Jackson, when I think about Naomi Campbell and these are all my friends, I can't be insecure with bad bitches like that in my life.


I'm sorry. Because they're all incredible. Okay. I saw you at your, I think it was a birthday party this year. Yes. And your sister was there and Taraji was there. Megan, like you had your whole sisterhood around You. Oh my god. And it was amazing. We got a chance to celebrate me and my sister's birthday together. And then Niecey's birthday was the next week Cy N and we went and celebrated her birthday. It was like we were all team black women on steroids. It was just awesome. It was awesome. I think one of the, the biggest things that I learned from this, like past two weeks, like with everything that was happening is like how much people were paying attention. 'cause there were so many people that reached out even in private and did what you just said. Like, hey, like I wanna talk to you, I wanna talk to y'all, whatever. And I think the, it's like, it was crazy when it was happening, but now like taking a step out of all of it, I'm like, the people are getting to realize that like sisterhood sometimes can look like we might have misunderstandings and we got, we we, we have to talk about it.


We gotta figure that out. What has that been like for you in your career? Because we don't hear a lot of y'all stories. If there were misunderstandings between you and any of the other Girls. Oh and best believe it'd be a lot of misunderstandings. You know what I'm saying? It'd be a lot of misunderstandings. It'd be a lot of that. Like seriously and physically, People getting hands put on each other. Listen. But see that's why like, and I'm from Camden so it's some people I stay away from. Oh my goodness. So like literally you should pat You down, be from Camden, you know? Sir, listen Goodness, because I always say as nice as I am is as nice as I'm not right. You know what Emini here and it's some energy I know I just don't flow with. I just don't. Because if it's that kind of energy that's coming in, I'm not a mean girl.


I don't like mean girls. I don't like it. I don't like seeing women treating each other poorly or badly. It makes me sick. But I'll tell you one thing about me. I have never ran from a fight like I'm one I I'm not afraid of of you know, confronting confrontation, having hard conversations. And most people they will throw rocks and then hide their hands. Absolutely. I don't like that. I don't do that. I'm about that life of having conversations confronting the situation. Let's sit down and let's talk and let's deal with the discomfort of whatever it is you're feeling.


But most of the time y'all, most people don't want to ever really sit down and talk. That's right. Right. Because they don't want to have to be able to acknowledge what it is that they're internally going through. Like whatever their internal struggle is, it's easy for people to run and act like they're a victim. But if people really confronted things and had honest conversations, they would realize that most of the pettiness is not because of something external, but it's because of your own individual internal struggle. That's right. And that's what's creating the external problem. It starts within you period.


How do you deal with the noise? 'cause I think even with them to go outta their situation. But it was the noise. Oh My God. It wasn't the interior in this cup was my God. It was the outside People. Can I tell you With dirty mirrors and dirty floor? Oh my god. You don't get Noise though. Oh honey, can I just, I, well I try to, you know, I try to, you know, counsel, you are noise Emini here. That's The truth. I'll tell you this about noise. It's something you ask about noise. Were we talking about noise? We lit. I was just talking to my girls about sometimes it is so important for us to sit in silence, right? Think about when you're on the phone bro and it's a lot of noise going on.


What do you do? You be like, hold up. Wait a second, let me step away. Right? Right. So that I can hear this call clearly. Right. And a lot of times, especially when you think about all the social media and all that stuff, we allow ourselves to stay in the noise and stay listening to the noise. When sometimes we might have to put the phone down, be silent, don't listen to anything. Because in your silence that's when you really hear the still small voice of God, God on the inside of you ma'am. But you can't hear God and how God wants to guide you to deal with the situation if you are allowing yourself to constantly listen to the noise.


So the way I deal with noise is I try to allow myself to get as silent as possible. You feel me? I do. Abso a hundred percent. I absolutely do. A hundred percent. Have you ever had to get loud with a person? And what does that sound like, Tasha? Because you already, I'm just Divorce, can leave you feeling isolated like you're stuck on an island with no direction.


But you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com. Because you deserve a better path forward.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play in a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information. See Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Imagine you're scrolling through TikTok, you come across a video of a teenage girl and then a photo of the person suspected of killing her. And I was like, what? Like it was him. I was like, oh my God. It was shocking. It was very shocking. I'm Jen Swan, I'm a journalist in Los Angeles and I've spent the past few years investigating the story behind the viral posts and the extraordinary events that followed. I started investing my time to get her justice. They put out something on social media. So I get called in the middle of the night all the time. It's Like, how do you think you're gonna get away with something like this? Like you killed somebody. It's the story of how and why a group of teenagers turn to social media to help track down their friend's.


Killer. This is their story. This is my friend Daisy.


Listen to my friend Daisy on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


My husband cheated on me with two women. He wants to stay together because he has cancer. Should I stay? Okay Sam, that has to be the craziest story in okay story time podcast History. Well, John, that's because it's dumping weak. And this user writes, my partner told me when we first got together that he has cancer. He's currently living with his mom while he's in recovery. So that it takes the pressure off me caring for both him and her baby until he is well enough to move into our new home with us. He's good so far. Well, last week we had attempted break in. I asked my husband who was supposed to be at his mom's to come over and change locks, but he wouldn't. Then his mom told me he wasn't with her. I went to Facebook and it took me less than an hour to find the first two women he was cheating on me with. Oh, what else is he lying about? Well, one thing my paranoia just wouldn't let up was about the cancer and his treatments.


I asked his mom about it. Who told me he doesn't have cancer. Oh, she also informed me he was in rehab, not the hospital he suffered from addiction and was trying to recover from me and our baby. Did she leave them?


Well to find out how the story ends, listen and follow the okay Storytime podcast. On the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Loud. So have you told she from Camden? I know, but listen, she's already loud. So what does getting loud Fort Emini here? Is it louder and whoa, I put it to you like this. I'm a passionate human. Okay. Okay. I'm a passionate human. Okay, bru. And as loud as my goodness is, I put it to you like this. One time I cussed somebody out really bad And I went to my pastor And I was like, oh my God, I feel so bad. And she said to me, sometimes you gotta meet the enemy's aggression. S right? That the kingdom of heaven suffers violence, but the violence taken by force. And sometimes some people need to get checked.


That's right. I love it. So when it's time to get loud, like I said, I don't mind it. Boom, boom. I don't mind it. I don't mind it, bro. That's right. I swear. And my loud can be loud. And honestly when I get loud people get traumatized. I Emini here. I'm serious. I like, you know when I said folks to throw rocks and and then hide their hands? Hands, absolutely. Like I've had situations like that and when I've had to check people like that, then they wanna go run in a corner and cry and act like that. I'm like, don't cry now. Big bad bitch. Don't do it. Big, bad, bad bitch. Big bad bitch. Okay. Like, don't cry. Don't cry now. Boo. Okay. And sometimes it's what your, it's it's, it's the seed that's that you are reaping.


Period. You know what the Bible say. That's right. Reap what you soul man sow it that he shall also reap. And sometimes, you know, they reap that ass kicking. I'm just saying that was Chappelle chain. Yes. Okay. I was gonna ask about that. We were actually talking about that earlier today, Chappelle. Yeah. That's dope. This was a gift from my brother Dave. I love him so much. He, he wanted me to, he was happy for me doing the show. He was happy for a lot of the things that's been happening to my life and, and this was a gift that he's gifted me. And it's not many people that have a Chappelle chain. That's right. And I don't know, do y'all know, like I've known Chappelle for like 30 years. Like I didn't know that we started, y'all know I used to be a standup comic, right? Yes, I know that. I know that. Yeah. So I was a standup comic.


Dave was like, he was, he, he was literally a mentor at like 18, I'm not gonna lie, when Dave was 18, 19 years old, he was, I call him my big little brother, you know. And he helped me out so much. Like, you know, some of those people like, And I should have thought of Dave 'cause Dave was one of those people that always encouraged me, inspired me every time anything was happening in my life. I can't tell you how many times I've gotten calls about I'm proud of you. Keep going, keep dreaming. He's such a motivator and he's been such a blessing in my life. I cannot tell you. So yes, this is a Chappelle chain. That's dope.


I love that because you know, we, we live in an era where people don't like to represent folks who have assisted them or provided them opportunity or helped them. And I don't understand that. I don't understand resenting somebody that has helped you in some way. Yeah. Like you should rep them. Exactly. I I'm with you on that. Yeah. So I'm ing Dave Now. You got a lot going on. I know. She gotta go fast. We gotta get into some of the stuff that she's doing. I wanna start with Survival of the Thickest. There you go. I love that show. Yes. But in the newer season, season two, yeah, season two, you have like, now we're learning more about your character and kind of like you have your own storyline and things of that nature. I know. Like what was the decision to do that? Because it wasn't like that in previous seasons fully. Like we, we knew a little bit about what you had going on, but not as much focus.


Well, Emini here, I think for the writing team that they like focus more on her relationship and you know, my character, I play a queer woman and I've, you know, I've never been a queer woman before. Okay. I'm just Saying like I legit ain't ever been with a woman before. Like, okay, like for real. So how'd You do your research? Well, I, I, I asked, I was rehearsed. No, lemme stop the acting coach who coached me, but I, the Acting teacher I worked with was a guy named Carl Ford, who I love deeply. Okay. Susan Batson's son. I don't know if you guys know Susan, but, but anyway, so Jerry Johnson, I'll tell y'all this. I directed Harlem And I directed some beautiful scenes with Jerry and Gail Bean.


Yes. Right. And I was just obsessed. Like I knew that survival was coming up And I was just really pouring into them as a director. But while I was pouring into them, I promise you I was dreaming. I was like saying, God, please bless me with someone like these two women like the way that they were and has as supportive as they were as Gail and Jerry were with one another. I wanted to experience that as an actor. So when it was time to see who my love interest was, Jerry was up for the job. So Jerry And I, I said, Jerry, we going get together because what I saw you do with, with Gail, I really want you to do this part.


So she And I got together and we rehearsed. Michelle didn't know this, nobody knew this. We were rehearsing before her screen test. Okay. So that by the time we did our screen test together, our chemistry was incredible. And I said to her, 'cause she's a queer woman, I said, I need you to teach me everything. So the first thing she taught me when we were filming our love scene was how two women had sex. Because when they said, it's time for y'all to have sex, bro, I opened up my Legs And I was, I literally was like, alright, let, I was like trying to like, And I was like, how y'all, how does this ain't had a woman?


And then she Went and was like, we do it like this, you know the little Scissor The scissor. Yeah. Scissor Emini here. And so I was like, woo. Thank God you was here because I didn't wanna look stupid sis. Okay. But it worked out for Her. 'cause she got the role and she Got the role. And I Imagine y rehearsal, they were building that chemistry before she auditioned. No, but They have a sex. This is your, and this was your first, this is your first time being on camera in a female, female Sex scene, right? Well, well we had like the first season I had some make out scenes and stuff like that. But as far as like having like a full blown a se, yeah, that was my first time. But I gotta tell you, working with Jerry, it was just like easy.


And it was just, it was fun and it was wonderful and she was just wonderful. That is my sister for life. Mm. Jerry, I'm giving you a shout out. I love you sis. Women was trying to holler at you all the time. Now, You know, I be like, stop. So when y'all was rehearsing, did you call it a dry run? Was it I don Well We didn't, we were rehearsing that particular, like we didn't do in rehearsal. Okay. But that was when we were actually filming the sex scene. Would You give a woman a try? Man, cut it out. Don't, No, it's okay now she's into it. Now it's okay for him to ask me that, but I'm gonna just keep it 100. Y'all like, I'm like a gay man. What?


I'm like a gay man. What do gay men like Ben Dick, Dick Emini here. I'm not even lying bro. I am like the gayest man in The World. Like I am a straight up Gay Ass man. Like, I love, like, I just love it too much. Like I'm not even playing and Emini here, literally Emini here. And even if I'm out, if I'm messing with, Why are y'all so stupid? Let you Wait. No, you started it Emini here. Oh my goodness. Well wait, let me just tell y'all this.


All right. I'm about to say something that's like a little, I'm crying all. So I like when a man goes down on you, it's great. I love it. But I be like, I'm not a lesbian so we gotta follow this motherfucker bag. You know what I'm saying? With some penis. Like I just, you know, it's just what I'm like Because I've heard people say that women do it better on women because they know what the woman wants. But I be thinking like after that it's like now it like you, you don't want What's coming after that. It's like, that's like having a salad but you can't get the steak. You know what I'm saying? That's just me, me. I agree Or no dressing And okay. But you know what too, I'll Just say this it all Exactly. Wait, because I always think about that. Remember how I be having the conversation with studs and I'm like, so y'all be sucking the, like imagine having the scrap on on and a woman is sucking it and then the person with the scrap on is moaning.


That sounds true. Like what is that? But If that, if that's What you into, maybe if it fills you. But I be thinking about like girls who are trying it for the first time or like, you know, they're bi It's like, so if you're bi, you know, like you, you not like, you know What, Emini here. Yeah. Emini here. Listen. How do we get here? I'm sorry, lemme tell y'all this. I think it's all about preference. Like it is all about what you eat. Like I don't eat What you eat, But no wait, what? You know how some foods, like some people like chocolate cake, some people like vanilla cake, some people like fish, right? And some people like fish. Some people like steak, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Emini here. And for me, I just like what I like and just like, you can't like turn a gay man that likes what, he likes to have a woman.


You know what Emini here, you can't turn a straight woman to want something else. Emini here. I just like what I like. Okay. But I love, you know what I'm saying? Like go get yours. And what about Desiree? In a temptation story. Oh wow you guys, I'm so excited about that. It's funny 'cause I was showing Monique the trailer. You love your girls? I do. You do. I love they my Girls. I love it. Okay. Like seriously. But I was, I was showing Monique, well I was showing you and Benicia last night. I was like, y'all wanna see the trailer? You know? And when Monique saw it, she was like, I've never seen you in a role like that. Wow. Wow. And so all these like years of being in this industry, I've never gotten a chance to play that role.


So shout out to Derek Williams, my producer. I got a chance to produce it with him. And he gave me that script And I was so happy he gave it to me. And I'm so excited about it. It's, it's a thriller. It's like fun. It's like, And I feel like it helped me tap into things that I've never gotten a chance to really reveal on camera. I'm, I feel like I'm still, I feel like I'm just starting acting all over again. Swear you swear You have a, a refreshing energy all the time. But I do feel it like you're in a different season or something about you right now. I don't know what it, what it is, but it's there. I think it's my self love season, sis. Mm. I love that for you. You hear Me? I love that. For you Now you know, you know who you need to reach out to. Who, who sang you praises on Shannon Sharp.


Charlamagne messes with him all the time. Oh God Darn Rawlings. I love, do you know how much I love you and Darnell when y'all be doing that little stuff? When he be doing those folks Emini here, sometimes I be texting him saying leave my brother alone. Stop. You gotta call him. He he Needs your he he needs your coaching. Like I need Darnell to have, I just want Darnell to have more confidence. Like Darnell is dope. He's funny, He's Incredible. He's incredibly one of The best. And y'all remember I put him on B-M-F-B-M-F. Yeah. I swear. I think he is so talented. I cannot wait to work with him again. I swear to God. Like he is so interesting. He is so funny. He that that's a good example as far as like allowing your uniqueness to shine.


That's right. When I think about Dave and Donnell And I remember I had a conversation with Dave and it was, I'm, I'm rephrasing it, but I was like, you know what makes you work with him? Dave's like, I get sharper when I, when I have to follow someone good. Like he's not always looking for comics that are not good. He looks for comics that are great. That's what challenges him to be great. Right. You know what I'm saying? So greatness around us, it helps stretches us. You know? And Donne, I love you so much. I love you so much. He's somebody who needs to silence the noise. Ah yes. No, no he does. He needs to silence the noise around him. He letting all these people get in his head. He gotta calm down. Yeah.


But he, I talk to you. I'm gonna talk to you. Tig you gonna be all right? He might Really jump off. I wanna, I ask you something as an acting coach, like when you have already great talent, right? 'cause I don't know how often the great talent seeks acting coaches for every role. I don't know if that's a thing. Like does Denzel seek a acting coach for every role? Does the, I don't really Jonathan Major seek a acting coach for every role. I don't know. Well Emini here I put it to you like this. I don't know individually all the way with as far as how their process is. But it's a lot of us actors that enjoy the collaborative process. 'cause it's almost like you want to work with someone that can maybe see things that you can't see. Right. You know what I'm saying? And the process of acting and the process of like researching a character and developing a character.


It's a fun process to do with a great coach or teacher. Just because Michael Jordan was a great athlete, it didn't mean that he did not need a great coach. That's right. Most of our greatest artists have great coaches. Most of them. That's right. Most of them. So when you have a great actor, you just teach them how to capture that role. Not necessarily how to act. No, it's not about teach 'em how to act. It is about us together looking for like all that we can find within the character. Is it fun Fundamentals like redoing the fundamentals? It's not in every, for me, I'll Just say this. As a teacher, every process is different.


Like it's, it's a very spiritual experience. You know you have your fundamentals like your, you know, baseline, right? Like I come from Ivana Chubb school. So we have something called the 12 steps that we do. You know, we have like a base. What is your overall objective? Your seen objective, your inner monologue, your inner thoughts, your substitutions, your obs. It's certain things that we are looking for within it, but outside of that baseline there are other things that come up. Character research, physicality, you know what I'm saying? Like all kinds of stuff. So each person is different based on each character is different, each process is different. And it's like all of it is like an incredible like spiritual experience.


And I always say as much as you need the character, the character needs you and everyth, everything is on the inside of us. Like all of it is in there. We just gotta look for it and find it. And as a coach, I just sometimes is pushing people to trust their instincts more. It could be as simple as that. You know what Emini here and, but we discover so many things through the process of acting. Absolutely. I know you gotta go outside. One more Question. I wanna go though. I don too. I can see her with y'all all day. I'd love to have you here all day to like serious. Okay, why did I get married again? Where are we honey again? I'm gonna just leave it right there. Girl. I am not talking about that. 'cause it's not happening. Probably not. Oh my god.


And it ain't because I'm busy. Tyler take what, three days to do a movie. Seven days to shoot. Who ain't a weekend? Tyler Who ain't got a weekend Emini here. Like Seriously, who ain't got a weekend? Alright, do not get me started Man. You wanna do it? Of course I wanna do it. Why did he troll us like that? I, Why he troll me like that. So no calls, no nothing that's happened. I Refuse to answer any more questions concerning that respectfully. Okay, Because I might get loud. We've been having all these conversations about community. Do you think community is earned or a right?


I feel like it's earned. Like I was, I remember I had one girl say I don't have any friends and you know, I go back, I always go back to scripture. I'm like a cussing breach and no, let me stop. But you know, it's like if you want a friend, you gotta show yourself friendly. That's right. How do you create relationship? How do you create friendship? You have to first allow yourself to give friendship in order to get friendship. And to me, like when I look at like, like acting or when I look at, you know, just people, what makes you really valuable? It's not just about your own greatness, but to me your value becomes the B based on how you are able to change other people's lives.


That's right. To me that's what makes you valuable. Like if I can empower somebody else to pursue their purpose, to make money, to feed their family, I just lifted up myself. But not only with that, I've also created community. I love my acting school TSAW because you know, for me I'm always like what I say to you and everybody else as far as like we're not in competition, we're in community. Like we are all here together. The brighter we all are individually the brighter we are in unity. Like let's go. But I love TSAW because the people that were in class like 15, 20 years ago at my school, I look at their lives now and they are all best friends today.


Like when I think about Tabitha Brown, who came outta my school, wow. Nari Spencer, who's like Nafisa Williams, chastity Saunders Emini. Here. I can go on Amon, Joseph, Lance Gross Emini here, Tiffany Haddish. But every time we're all in a room together, everybody's like, oh come on y'all. It's the family. It's like community. But I feel like we earn that by how we love each other. Period. You just casually threw out something this Word up man, Tasha, you TA lifetime achievement award tell you BT gotta do something When you move to LA They're like, we don't care if you wanna act or not. If you're trying to be anywhere in front of people, you need to go to Tasha Smith's class.


Like that's how I found out. It was like, this is the thing you do, you do do one church and TSAW. Like that's what you do as a black creative in la. But you have so many people and you're just like, yeah, Just did that. You know, we call TSAW, we call it the Church of Acting. And I remember one time at class, right? I had left out because I had to go save Sidra in, in, in, in St. Martin. So I was not in class this particular night. But Mr. Denzel Washington had decided to come and visit class. Wow. And I wasn't there. I was pissed. But he came to class and from what the teacher and the students told me that he was sitting in the back of the class with the hat on.


Nobody knew who he was. And in my school I had just pictures of like every incredible artist I could think of on the walls because I wanted, when people came into the class, I wanted them to look at the walls and dream. Like I wanted them to see where their life could be, what they could possibly do. And so Kevin, the teacher at the time, he was like talking about that in the class and then all of a sudden they heard someone say in the back, I better be up on that wall. And then all the students turned around and it was Denzel Washington. Wow. Can you believe that? And Denzel's the one that told Mary j Blige that she should come and study with me. But he ended up staying in that class and he ended up teaching that class for like until like probably went two hours over.


And it was like so incredible. Wow. I don't even know how I got on that story. It was something that was being said. But that was just such a blessing. Like to have him there inspiring all the students and just any opportunity that, you know, we get to pour into other actors in order for them to go and pursue their dreams. Like I see so many of my students that are so wealthy and thriving. Some of 'em have better careers than me. I've never been nominated for an Oscar. You know what Emini here, that's never happened. But I love seeing it happen for Andrew Day, for Mary j Blige And I love it. And hopefully Michaela Cole and FKA twigs with the stuff do kickbacks they have coming up.


Like, what do you mean like This, here's, here's this money, Tasha, here's this call, here's this your, You know what the only, what's, now this is sad. Okay, this is sad, but not look, I don't look for kickbacks. I put it to you like this. Like my product, my production company is called Camden Bridge. 'cause there was a time I was teaching, teaching, teaching. And I got a little angry because I felt like people were walking over me all the time. And I remember I heard inside of my spirit that it's okay to be a bridge. That it's okay. A bridge has purpose, right? Sometimes it gets walked over, sometimes it gets driven over. Mm. But it's a connector of people and be focused and be a blessing at being a bridge. So my production company's name is Camden Bridge.


Okay. And it's So powerful. Be a bridge. Be a bridge. What were we saying? Emini here? Am I getting old? No, no, no. We were talking about how amazing in your class about people give kickbacks kick. Okay. So all right. I have to just be okay with being a bridge. So I don't, I don't get it for kickback. But the one person, actually it's a shame. I'm not trying to shame nobody, but the one person that gave me a very big gift was Rebel Wilson. Mm. I remember one day Rebel Wilson had the white girl beat me up the white girl. God damn it. Black people. No, I know, right? But no, but Twigs actually gave me this big crystal for Christmas last year.


This big beautiful, like she said, she said, here's a little sparkle that you give to The World. And it was like, wow, the biggest, most beautiful crystal. And look, both of them are British and rebel. One day she hit me up and said, you have a delivery coming, make sure you're home. And it was just this huge gorgeous YSL bag. Oh wow, okay. Emini here. It was just big. Just a huge one. So I know she spent some money on that period. Okay, well You know she gotta go. But we appreciate you joining. We love you. We appreciate you Sasha Smith. Thank you so much. Right. Where's Jess? Jess is, where's I thought today she was trying to away. Hang on.


But you. Well we love you Jess. I miss you. I Tasha Smith. I love you guys. Love The Breakfast Club. Come on and thank you. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club


Divorce can leave you feeling isolated like you're stuck on an island with no direction. But you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com because you deserve a better path forward.


Your stomach is a mess and you feel lousy. Something is just off, but you don't know what. Yeah, we get it. You've tried every fad diet and supplement under the sun and none of it worked. Here's the truth. Your gut's a mess and your body is letting you know you're just too busy and you ignore the signs. Making it worse. Ome gets straight to the point. Analyzing your gut microbiome to give you a personalized health plan that actually works. Your gut is how your body processes everything that you consume. Stop ignoring the signs. It's time to do something real. Get via and fix your gut. Now, call Star, star Gut to get $50 off a full body intelligence. Test that star, star 4, 8, 8 to receive a link to the offer.


Hey, all you women soups, fans and folks who just don't know yet that they're women's soups fans, we've got a big week over at Good Game with Sarah Spain as we near the end of one of the most exciting women's college basketball seasons ever. The most parody we've seen in years with games coming down to The Wire. And everyone wondering which team will be crowned national champions this weekend in Tampa. Listen to Good Game with Sarah Spain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey kids, it's me, Kevin Smith, And it's me, Harley Quinn Smith. That's my daughter, man, who my wife has always said is just a Beardless Dickless version of me. And that's the name of our podcast. Beardless was me. I'm the old one. I'm the young one. And every week we try to make each other laugh really hard. Sounds innocent, doesn't it? A lot of cussing, a lot of bad language. It's for adults only. Or listen to it with your kid. Could be a family show. We're not quite sure. We're still figuring it out. It's a work in progress. Listen to Beardless with me on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever


you get your podcasts.