
Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you even had the time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully at t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


Black Tech Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities. That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State. Farm is there.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly, tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide In this selection, we each face a question. What kind of country do we want to live in? We choose freedom. Freedom, the freedom not just to get by, but get ahead. The freedom to make decisions about your own body. We believe in the Promise of America and we are ready to fight for it because when we fight, we win. Keep on running because a winner don't quit on themselves. Paid for by Harris, for president.


Turn it up. Music fans. This one's for you. Koch Studio is dropping fresh music and performances from artists you love. Like new Jeans, Carol G, Peggy Goo, usher, and Tyler and K's giving you chances to win a trip to one of the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke. A Coke Zero sugar. 12 ounce can to unlock fan fueled music moments, no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US, DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility, and prize. availability@cokeurl.com slash Studio USA. Promo copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. The guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Long The roast is filling in for Jess. We got a special guest in the building. The Kid. That Did. Yeah. Baby face Ray. Yeah. What's up brother? How you feeling? What's popping? How you doing my brother? I'm Doing good. I'm doing all right. Yeah, I'm Chilling. I love the title of that new album, man. What? What does that title mean? The Kid That Did The Kid That. Did Man. Originally I got it from Sauce Walker. It was a quote he was saying You, know what I'm saying? But I felt like it applied to what I had going on and everything that I did so far in my career. So it originally started out as a mix tape idea where I wanted to put all the group artists that I was dealing with on it.


But it ain't work out like that. And then it turns into an album. Dope. We've been talking about how how much Detroit has influence on the game right now. Speaking about that for a little bit. 'cause for a while it, it was, it was difficult to get out being a Detroit artist. Yeah, it was tough for us at first, but now like everywhere you go, they love us You. know what I'm saying? It feel good right now. You know, but at first it was rough. Hey, they ain't even want to hear it. What Was the switch? What was the change? I, me, I always say this, I think when T came out with the first day out, it kinda like opened, it kinda shined light on Detroit for that type of sound. You know what I'm saying? And then everything after that saw of duh. It was cool. You know it's interesting to, I saw somebody, somebody sent me a tweet where they said Babyface is babyface raised.


Music is all about getting money and hustling. Even If, you are broke. His music will motivate you to go get a bag. How does it feel to hit people say things like that about you? 'cause You know for me growing up, that's what Jeezy felt like. Mm. You know what I'm saying? That's a cool title to put on me. I'm glad they putting that on me than anything else You. know what I'm saying? I'm glad I could, I'm glad I could motivate 'em to do that You know what I'm saying? I hate when they, I don't hate when they say it and they trying to put it like that. Like I'm just down talking to everybody that was broke. 'cause I used to be broke before I remember how I used to be. So, but it's cool. I ain't tripping At this point. Do you feel like you're getting like your flowers or like your just do team Thing? Definitely. Definitely. How they received my last album definitely motivated me and made me feel loved and supported still. What, what motivated you to get it back?


When you hear people say You know damn baby face. Red music motivates me to go get some money. What motivated you Being in the mix? Like when I was young, I was in the mix You, know what I'm saying? I, I probably was in a mix with the wrong crowd but just seeing what they did and that motivated me to get a bag. It wasn't even about rap, it was just what the things they did and how they carried their self and stuff. So now you're not in the mix. What motivates you Today? Today? Yeah. My kids You. know what I'm saying? My family, my fans and stuff like that. That's what keep me going for real. Ever look at your kids and be like, I don't really have a baby face 'cause this is what a real baby face Looks like. No, for real. I be looking at them like this crazy. This is how I used to look when I was little. Like it's crazy. What I love seeing You know Saw Baby was up here.


And. I love the fact that Detroit is coming together a lot more than before. Yeah. You know there was just so many beefs on so many different sides of Detroit. But it, it feels like that's been squashed. What, what? What do you think the reason that that has been? I think it's more of everybody understanding that it, we got business to handle You. know what I'm saying? We ain't gotta be like each other or hang around each other. But all the bullshit that's in the mix, we ain't gotta You, know what I'm saying? Like you get in a bag, whatever, go do your thing You. know What I'm saying? Y'all in the same clubs, Y'all doing concerts, y'all shows. I love to see that. It ain't no big, it ain't no big deal. I saw you got a few lyrics man. That make me just wonder like why does it feel like you would be so disgusted to hear that a woman would even fuck with a lame ass nigga?


If. you put a lot of emphasis on that. You got one line, you say we ain't got no business. Even speaking If, you fucking lame. You ain't got no business even thinking you can fuck with face. Yeah, another line you say seen a so-called Baddy fucking lame. It left me traumatized. Yeah. Another line you say almost cried when I seen my ex bitch, her new nigga broken. It's sad to see. Yeah. Yeah. Dang. That's crazy. I don't know man. You know when you dealing with something like you put your You know your love and your caring to them and you deal with 'em and then you see somebody that you feel is lame, that's dealing with the same thing that you cared about. It can mess you up a little bit. So why is it that he can say that and you big them up? But when a girl says the same thing, we get downplayed. Why you think that it that is 'cause he loves to drag me for being like I, it's certain things I don't wanna deal with.


That's crazy. I Don't know what you're talking about. Oh he does it daily. I can send you clips. Women is doing that a lot now. Like y'all got high, high expectations of men. You feel me? I'm saying it just, You think not dealing with a layman's high high or is that like just regular? Depends on what you consider lame too though. I guess you Gotta, excuse me. 'cause what I think is in lame y'all people might not think it's you push. What do you think? Lame. I don't know. You just, you could just, I don't know. I can't really pinpoint it. You You know it when you see it. Yeah. Like bro ain't ain't, Maybe that girl was always lame and that's why y'all and you and her didn't match. Maybe. Maybe. Maybe I'm lame to somebody too. So I don't know. Do you have a X in particular when you be writing these raps? Do you have No, no, no, no, no.


I ain't, we ain't turning nobody up. We ain't doing that. So in so in delusional you're not talking about nobody specific 'cause it was giving, finding love currently in love. Nah. No it was, it was a, it kept, everybody kept saying delusional, delusional You. know what I'm saying? I think, I think B even had said it to me. Delusional And I was in the studio. And I Delusional. About What? It's the summertime. It's the De Lulu summer. You ain't heard? Yeah. De Lulu. Yeah, it's been that type of summer. Everybody just kept saying like delusional you delusional or anything. So it was just something's going on right now. You ever told a girl that you delusional? Man, baby face. That's my boyfriend. That girl delusional. I never say that. No, I you gotta, They trying to get you day get you set up right now.


No I'm really just asking 'cause this ain't, this game ain't ain't new to me. I guess you using me but for you I'm delusional. You perfect. You're beautiful. I got some bruises too. It sounds like you spitting right there. I I ain't gonna lie. Any relationship you have to be somewhat delusional about your partner You. know what I'm saying? Somewhat. I feel You. know what I'm saying? If, you ain't delusional about that person then it ain't really gonna work out If you not all the way strung out on me like to the, to the full. Like it ain't gonna work out. So you have to be But you can't be stupid though. Like, like for example If, you dealing with a girl sometimes you a straight up smut Or she dealing with you. No, no, No. And she know you got a bunch of girls. She can't be delusional like you the only one. Hey Man Sometimes Say you don't up here Good kid.


What'd you say? I was gonna say sometimes well see but nevermind nothing. What'd you say? Lauren's Single and she's been looking for a man for a while now. Always quit business. We call her de delusional a Lot. I'm not delusional. I just think that I agree with you that sometimes some at some points you do have to kind of like remove. Yeah. Critical. No that's gonna sound dumb. Not remove critical thinking. But sometimes you have to just kind of go with the flow and If you figure out at the end of it that it's not working and it's not right. It's whatever. But you are a bit delusional as you're flowing 'cause you wanna, you wanna f around and find out a bit. But I was gonna say sometimes as a woman you have to not fully tell the truth a bit because you gotta ease a you wow lot on it. You gotta ease a guy Mine, LaRosa strike again.


You have to ease a guy into being able to take what you're saying to them without it being a ego trip. This is crazy As a man. You believe that men lie, men do small lies with women sometimes. What lies Do you do? They do a lot of lies lying, LaRosa. That's what You know They do a lot of lies. Yeah. I'm not saying it in like a, like I'm lying about who I'm with or I'm cheating. I mean like, 'cause he was basically trying to get you to say you be telling people they're the only one and they not you do that. I did not Say whoa, whoa. That's that's what that that's what he was trying to get you saying. That's like Baby face. Just take a step back. Let him go baby. Let him go let, that's Why, that's why you wasn't about to answer that question. Yeah, I ain't, Yeah, I felt it. Let's move off from it. Yeah, well Anyway.


No, but I ain't that type of guy bro. I ain't that type of guy. I ain't gonna say, I ain't gonna flat out just blankly be like you the only one. Like I'm gonna treat you as such. I'm I'm gonna let my actions show You. know what I'm Saying? And she delusively fills that and goes with it. Even if she might not think different. I Mean we as in relationship people go through stuff. Yeah. You you've been through stuff before. I'm sure you've been through stuff before. Like people go through stuff. Why you Ain't say I've been through stuff. You seen me. Everybody knows you. I'm not saying that you, that's why now I read that you just bought your mama a house. Man. Congrats. Yeah. Thank you Grass. How You know that you listen to Sway? I Think I was on Sway. Went to Sway. Yeah I Did. How'd that feel? Feel good.


Feel damn good. I ain't gonna lie. I used to have this stand like once I bought my mama house. I'm cool You know what I'm saying? But we, we gonna keep going and keep reaching higher You. know what I'm saying? When did You know you had got to that point where you were able to do it? Like were you sitting with your financial advisor? You was like, I can go buy my mama house Now I sink the money. Like hold on. In my mind I'm doing the right thing is oh, like soon as I get X amount of dollars, I'm buying Mama my house. Hey. So once I got to that, I'm buying mama a house. It was that simple. Did You surprised that? Did she know what kinda house she was getting or? I called my dad. Okay. I didn't tell her. I called my dad like, yeah, we find a house and he like what's the, what's the, what's the, what's the budget, what's the, what was And? I told him, he like, you sure? I'm like, yeah.


So what was the budget? It was a, it was a nice amount. He said, you sure? And he playing you like you broke bro. Yeah, because they don't be knowing sometime. Yeah. Look over here because I, I wouldn't do that. Dad is so mean, envy. What? Why you just ask him? Is he sure I am broke? Like I threw it on you while I was joking over You. Sure. That's, that's what my mama do too. Are you sure my pops do that? Because they wanna make sure that we not spending over From life protect us. Not Absolutely wanna protect us. You Did. She was she crying? Was she, what was her? She Cry. She still, she might cry today. She cry all the time You know what I'm saying? Yeah. My mama crazy. But that's because she's seeing all of the success and things happen that you said that like You know she's not used to seeing I'm the baby boy too.


Oh wow. So everything that I do, she be looking at me like this is crazy. She gonna watch this and be like, you see a mama? Like that's a crazy story. Yeah. So you gotta support the whole family. The whole family Look at you. 'cause you the baby boy, you, you the artist, you making it so 100%. How is that stress on you? I mean sometimes it get stressful 'cause they get a little crazy. Like every, when it's all coming to you at once, Christmas time, Thanksgiving, everybody come at the same time. Ain't I ain't tripping about Christmas time. 'cause it's time to give You know what I'm Saying? But, but when they see you do stuff like buy your mama house now, now those requests get a little crazy. Lemme borrow 10 grand till Friday. Man. Man, hey nah for real. But How, how do you deal with stuff like that though? I saw an interview where you said I can't have your problems on me right now.


I'm trying to lock in and focus. That don't mean I don't love you or nothing. It's just I'm on a mission right now. So how do you create that barrier of like, it's not that I don't love you, but not right now. I need to get better at communicating. 'cause when I get in that mode where I feel like you wearing me down, I just cut off all communication. And. I don't be mean nothing by it, but I be so focused on what I'm trying to do. I feel like you throwing me off You. know what I'm saying? How many siblings you have? I got three. Three? Yep. Salute to you too man. You, you partners your wavy gang label with Empire. Yeah. What does that mean for you? It means a lot. I don't know too many people that got their own record label. For real. For real You know what I'm saying? So for me to have one, it feel good You know what I'm saying? You feel pressured to to like, I guess put on more artists from Detroit.


Are you gonna be looking for artists from everywhere or Nah. Nah, I ain't really got that type of pressure yet. Like people ain't even run up on me. I mean they do all the time, but I don't feel, feel no pressure. But it, I'm a helping guy. So If, you got good music. And I can help You. know what I'm saying? Especially while I'm in a position I'm in none. Then I'm gonna help you. Just rappers or RB everybody. I really, Really, yeah. R and b produces everything. If it's fire shit, we can work. Is there more that you wanna do, like in your city, just outside of music, like community wise? I know that you just did like the New balance shoes for the Boys and Girls Club. Like what else are you looking to do? Like building up wise? I Ain't gonna let, we been in talks with trying to get a, a school. Oh wow. What ages, what grades?


They was saying more like high school because we working with a football team now. So I think it'll be cool for us to get a school and build it up and have it under my brother and get something going like that. But it's a lot I want to do. However I can help him. Gonna try to help for real. That'll be Dope. Who, who's all in the wavy game? Who all in the wavy game? We got a lot of people in the wavy game. That's not rappers. Okay. So I'm just gonna name the people that's You know The rappers, the entertainers. Yeah. Yeah. Musician. But everybody is in wavy game. Sammy Shabazz. We got Rockstar Rally, we got World Tour Mafia. Any of my brothers, you seen me with Vnu. All them, they, they claim, they, we all claim the same thing.


Daisy Lang, Los Nutty You. know what I'm saying? Everybody wavy games. You've been around for Real. How many chains you gotta buy? How many chains? Yeah. How many wavy game chains you gotta buy. How Many chains have I bought? How many of you bought? Everybody Really bought they own chains that got waves for real. But I just recently bought two chains for Samuel Shabazz and Rockstar Rally. Right, right, right. And I bought my nephew chain too. They money, he rap as well. Mm. I I saw you say that the entertainment business involves more than just rapping. So when you got the wavy gang label deal with Empire, was that, was that part of that What rapping or the Business? No. Yeah. You're saying that the the entertainment business was more than rapping more than just rapping? Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. It was me handling my business for sure because we had been talking about it a lot. And I had did so much for the artists around me.


Gazi was like, You know. We had a conversation. I'm like, you need to just let me get a label. And I, try to work with the artists. We really was trying to have me like work with the artists in Detroit, but it ain't turned out like that. I just got who I felt like I wanted to work with. For real. What do you want people to take away from this album? The Growth Man. Just see me growing musically. You know. Like I want people to know that I'm still growing with it You know what I'm saying? I'm not just trying to put it out. Sometimes artists in the music business now today, they look at it as a cash grab You. know what I'm saying? So I want to keep trying to move musically. You Know. People still look at albums as cash grabs, like I thought. Yeah. In the way it's set up now.


Oh, okay. Last time you was up here, you was talking about the importance of a good team and a and a good manager. Yeah. Did you work that all out and find your good team and make sure your your your people around you? Yeah. You see my team behind me. Big be behind them. When we hand in a business, y'all keep my team with me for sure. You know what I'm saying? They keep me focused. You know they don't let me slack. Even when I want to be lazy or just do what I want to do and feel like something is not important, they stay on me. You also talked about You got two sisters with you too. That's important. Yeah. Two black women. Yeah. That's They Boss You around all day long. No, no. Nah. I'm a pretty easy going guy, so they ain't gotta boss me around. Like, if it makes sense. I Can you say that again for them in the room? Easy Going, easygoing. So they don't have to bust you Around. Yeah. Yeah. They ain't gotta do that.


Wow. Yeah. You bus them around. No, Look over there. Look, He just, I'm a man. I like direction. I like for a woman to gimme direction.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. And there's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need it or want it. Well, thankfully at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. It feels good knowing at and t has your back. They take out all the guesswork and the stress letting you get back to simply doing you. Whether you're a dedicated entrepreneur, a multihyphenate creative, a busy parent, or all the above, you deserve a service provider that gets you and your needs. So relax and let at and t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life


In this election. We each face a question, what kind of country do we want to live in? We choose freedom. Freedom, the freedom not just to get by, but get ahead. The freedom to make decisions about your own body. We believe in the promise of America and we are ready to fight for it because when we fight, we win. I'm Gonna keep on running because a winner don't quit on themselves Paid for by Harris for President.


Seeing our communities grow and thrive is something we care deeply about. Here at Black Tech Green Money State, Farm Insurance also cares about the growth of black communities. They're actively investing in programs and initiatives that help provide financial literacy, give early career advice, and grow black-owned businesses. Thus leading to generational wealth, which helps protect the future of our communities. We wanna build a future that we all can be proud of. State Farm understands that representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. It also requires active sponsorship of programs like the Axo, a year long program that recognizes and rewards high school students for their academic and cultural achievements. Along with funding programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to educational achievement of black and brown youth that has awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to date State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and can have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


I bet you're smart. Yeah. And you like to hold your own. In the group chat, We can help you drop even more knowledge. My name is Martine Powers. And I'm Ella Hayti. We host a daily news podcast called Post Reports. Every weekday afternoon post reports takes you inside an important and interesting story with the kind of reporting that you can only get from the Washington Post. You can listen to post reports wherever you get your podcasts. Go find it now and hit follow.


Hey gorgeous. It's Paris Hilton. Get the Party started with my new album, infinite Icon out now and stream the new single Bad Academy Welcome To the Bad Academy. I wanted this album to be an escape. Take people to a happy place where they can heal and party in equal measure. And most of all, be your own unapologetic icon. Listen on iHeartRadio and visit infinite icon.com to order the album sponsored by 1111 Media.


Yeah, I'm If it makes sense though. I ain't Ain't You ain't. Might just tell me anything though. But exactly. Now also we, last time we here we was talking about acting. Yeah. And you went to get in the acting game. How Has that been? Because Tuby is the Detroit is the biggest place for Tuby. So Tuby lit right now. It is. I ain't gonna lie. I've been, I've been small league trying to do my thing. Y'all gotta go check it out. I got a video called Money on My Mind where I kinda like did a little acting, did my trailer for my album. We did a little acting. So it's slowly getting to the point where I'm gonna try to act a little bit. How did you all connect with Rich Paul? For the, for for The. World is yours. Rich Paul. Let me say this right too. 'cause the last few interviews I've been doing, I've been saying it wrong.


My guy who do close by the name of Jack Rip You. know what I'm saying? He connected me with Rich Paul You know. He called me one day like, you you mess with Rich. And I'm like, yeah. So I got Rich And I, we FaceTiming, we just was talking. He wasn't even talking about no sports or nothing else. He was talking about music, how he enjoyed it. And we ended up linking in California and doing a song. Oh, he liked your music? Yeah. Okay, okay. Okay. That's dope. He was telling me how he was listening to a song, one Pacific song Duran his book release. Which one was it? Congratulations with Lil Yachty. DJ Esco did it. Got You. Yeah. What other conversations did y'all have? You know Richard's a, he's a wealth of knowledge. Yeah. Yeah. I see everybody say that. But he, we just be kicking about music.


Right. He be just trying to keep me on game about excelling at music. Like he'll send me a beat. You might sound fire on this and attack it like this and You know what I'm saying? He, he helped me out with my foundation thing back at home. But other than that, we talk about music. Dope. That's sl What about the legacy record with with with Doughboy Clay you said build, build a legacy before you get to the tomb. Yeah. Like what kind of legacy do you intend to leave in Detroit? Mm. One of the Motown joints. Like how everybody know about Motown. Just being a staple. I want people to remember Babyface Ray W Game, like that You, know what I'm saying? Positive good music, stuff like that.


Man. The title of that song. I don't know why that the title of that song just made my like heart drop a little bit Legacy. No, the what was it? Something about the Tune was that a Oh that a Line Legacy. That line before you get to the tool gonna be completely off. Like I for I think with me, when artists have songs like that, I, I guess you have to, you do have to think about legacy as you're building. But I don't know, I just don't, it's just a weird feeling to think about that Way. I didn't, I didn't put it in a negative way. I know what you mean. Like the power of the tongue and what you saying and stuff. Like I ain't put it a negative way. I'm just being honest about life. The reality is we all gonna go. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. Just like, like I saw DC Young Fly say that yesterday and it's true. Like we all don borrowed time for sure dude funeral. He was like at some point we all gonna end up in that place.


We just don't know when. So for sure You know. It's not like you saying I want to go to the womb tomorrow. I Just don't honor. Yeah, Just make it count while you here. That's right. And don't be wasting what I'm saying. I procrastinated a lot in my younger life, so I'm trying to make it count right now. Yeah. On I need some motivation. You started with a devotional. What you say, God, you never promised me Days without Pain. But you did promise, you promise me to script for those days. Was there a situation that happened or do you remember You know when your, when your favorite became So S Strong? Yeah. I mean we all got low points. Feel me? So that prayer was like, when people play that song, I want you to hear that prayer and understand like you ain't alone. 'cause I know people be going through stuff. I done been through low points. I'm sure you've been through low points where you had to You.


know what I'm saying? So it ain't, I don't, I can't name a a specific time when it happened, but You know that was just for the fans to know. Like you going through something, you can get through it. Do you have a song on the project that like you're, that's kind like your favorite out of the 20. I ain't gonna lie, I've been feeling legacy a lot. Like before the album came out I was playing that a lot. You know what I'm saying? Legacy For real. What is it? Because you leaving one 'cause you building one. I Was about to ask what is it? But it's that. Yeah, I'm, I don't have no more questions. What? Just looking at me for Let's get on you, let's Get into something off the album then. What you want hear Baby Face Ray? I don't know. Y'all can just pick whatever y'all got.


Just pick one. I I wanted to ask one more question 'cause I know you do so much for Detroit And. I know, a lot of times people don't necessarily see all the stuff that you do for the kids in Detroit. Yeah. When did that come about? When did you change and said these kids need to see a difference? 'cause every time I'm in Detroit and I'm in Detroit a lot, I I see you out and about. But not only in the clubs I see you doing for the youth. Right. I see you giving back whether it was the sneaker thing that she said or or or the backpacks or the football teams or whatever it may be. When did you feel like that was what I need to do? 'cause you do it so much and a lot of times people don't necessarily talk about it because I was actually looking for an article where they talk about it, I see it, but I didn't see any articles or talking about the things that you do. Once we built our foundation You. know what I'm saying? Once we built it, we already knew like what we wanted to do. So we started doing like workshops for all the kids.


And, I got kids, my brothers got kids. So we already dealing with our kids. So it was, it was important to like start helping the kids around. Like, like you say, when you come in the city, you gonna see me out. So it ain't make no sense for me to be bouncing through there in luxury cars and not giving back You. know what I'm saying? So I, I wanted to help and reach out and touch the kids in a way where they remember that someone like me helped You. know what I'm saying? So Why is it so important for, especially Detroit artists? I see this a lot in Detroit where Detroit artists stay in Detroit. Like a lot of times you see people from other markets and they go to another city, another state, like they move away. But You know, I done been and seeing you in your hood, I done pulled up on you. So why is that so important to you? It it Be, it is rough real like, 'cause even my people like nah, they still want me to get away You know what I'm saying?


But it'd be hard because of my family and what I got going on. But I did have a theory in my mind that I wanted to stay in Detroit and like get it going to where high Atlanta is and how California is You know what I'm saying? How they strong and they that what they got going on. But it get rough out here. You know what I'm saying? The love that you think you may got, it might not be like that for real. So I still, I'm still kind of 50 50 on how I wanna play. If I still wanna be there. If I still You. know what I'm saying? You gotta move. I'm sure you move a certain Way though. Yeah, I move a certain way. You move militant I'm sure but some days I might be riding though though. My pops might call what You know who you with by myself. Like man you tripping man. Get somebody with you You know. So And you think you would see a day like how Kendrick did in LA where he brought everybody on that stage?


You think we can see that in Detroit where We somewhat had that day? Doug had a concert. Doug did. Yeah. Yeah. Where it kinda reunited both sides. That was kind of fewing before. Even though we had conversations prior to the concert behind the scenes. But I think that day kinda showed like Unity. But it's still more work to do. It's still artists that's Fewing but they might not show up. But we gotta get past that You know what I'm saying? So maybe that day coming, I don't know What is the the Detroit Street politics though? Like I don't understand that. Like is it Beyond the music? It's real stuff going on that y'all don't know about You know You know what I'm saying? So You know how that is Do, speaking of Kendrick, he dropped a song where he's talking about like we need more substance in media and music, all of that stuff.


And I know you talked earlier about T Grizzly and one of the things I like about Detroit artists is the way that you guys story tell Yeah. On music. Yeah. Do you feel like right now that we were having this conversation the other day that things are shifting more toward that and that's why people are receiving you so well? Or do you think that music is at a place where you pick and choose what you wanna hear? It depends on the artist. Like I think Kendrick can do with that because that's the type of artist he is now. If you not an artist known for doing that. That might not work for you You know what I'm saying? Like even If you try to switch over to it, it might not work. You know. So I don't think we switching towards that. I I think people know what's right and what's wrong and what they want to hear. Somebody told me the other day that our, our audience is not maturing as much as we, the artist may be You.


know what I'm saying? So when That's crazy young Miami was told that too. Yeah. So even when even we might find, figure out the information and try to kick it back in the music. They might be like, what you on like You know they don't really know for real. So I think it's shifting. But it might be a little take a little time. A little bit. But yeah, And I. But I think it's the way you do it too, right? Like when you on, I need a motivation and you rapping, I need some motivation. You rapping about God. Yeah. That's your way of doing it. Yeah. You Know. So it's just, I just think it's just all about how you do it. Yeah. Yo how you present it. But does it make it hard for you when you do stuff like that but then you're told my your audience isn't maturing with you. Like how do you figure out who, who are you talking to now And who told you that? The label Man, my partner told me that we was sitting in the car kicking it.


He told me that for real. Oh, okay. So it wasn't like a statistic? No, no it wasn't no statistics. Just Like the homie tell me that. Okay. We was just talking about growing and the things we know now versus what we You know what I'm saying? And music and stuff like that. He was just saying like, the audience might not be maturing how we mature. So you gotta sometimes just You know. I I also seen Rolling Stone asking you about being underrated. Yeah. And you were saying you don't feel underrated because of these artists. Yeah. I don't feel down, underrated down. I, I go in the rooms and get the same respect as any other artist. You might. It is just how I carry myself. It may seem like I'm underrated. Like I'm kind like I'm to myself.


I don't bother nobody. I don't wanna be in nobody mix. I don't care what y'all doing. I'm doing my thing You. know what I'm saying? So If you don't see me. A lot of places might feel like I'm underrated Type. So when you see ho put you on a, on a Playlist, is it surprising to you? Or I thought it was like some pr hey like I'm like ain't no way ho put me on that playlist. But when I, when Ho tapped in, you don't think You are listening? Yeah. Yeah, for sure. I know now You know what I'm saying? So now that I know it is like that's lit because we listen to Hove so be to be accepted by Ho and guys like future accepting as like that's a big thing 'cause that's all we used to listen to. So got you. Ain't no way I feel underrated ho tapped in. There you go. Who them tapped in. So He didn't reach out after that? No conversation after?


No, no. We was just talking about that. I went to the game was floor season. He was across and they was texting my phone like walk up on Ho. I'm like, you can't just walk up On Ho Bro. He would've nah Hit. He hit me with the, he hit me with, I accepted that like yeah, I I take that. Don't Be too after that. That was the entryway. I'ma say it on record, don't be too, that was the entryway. I did attempt. Nah. What about that? What about, I did Attempt and the security guards was like, I ain't want to tell y'all I got Blad. Oh you See you ain't say that. Yeah, I got How close did you get? It was like I was over here and I'm telling security like hold no me, It's Baby Face Ray. It's baby Face Ray over here. And I watched him tell him and hold Blaze me.


But it's cool. Damn. I don't believe, what game was It man? kd we really was going on be having kd. We was meeting kd. I think they was, I don't know who they was playing, but I know this was when KD was there. I'm sure y'all will do that again because Rich, Paul and j and Ho got a connection that A lot of people don't even have a JZ story. So at least you got one You. know what I mean? It just, I didn't even wanna say that. It's a Jayz story. So so you'll never try it again. If, you see him somewhere. It gotta be different circumstances. Come On, y'all walking, y'all can walking by each other in the hall Stopping him. Even If it's the same security guard. If, you see the guard Stopping him list out. Like remember this. Listen, It's me.


Yeah, I'm outside your mom house. Why you being weird to me? Real? Well let's get into a joy off. Hold on. I wanna ask one more question about the label. Are labels still important? Labels? Yes. What you mean? Are they just important for artists nowadays? I don't know. 'cause you, you trying to go in a direction of being an independent artist and stuff like that. I whatever suits you, If you If, you got the drive to do everything on your own then do everything on your own. We not knocking you go get that money. Do everything you need to do. But some people need to be told what to do You. know what I'm saying? Some people need direction, some people need a team, different ideas. They not as creative as You. know what I'm saying? A yay or You. know what I'm saying? So it whatever works for you for real. I see people talk about being an independent artist, but they not telling you.


It's a lot of work that come behind that You know. So If, you don't have the work ethic to do everything on your own. Don't even try it because you just gonna be sitting in a room looking stupid, talking about you independent artist. And I ain't gonna work for you. So whatever worked for you. Did you ever try to highlight a future or he crabbed you too? Stop. Why say like that You know. So you met Future before? Yeah, For sure. Okay. Tell him stop playing with you. No, I just, What I ask, I'm asking. I don't be getting Blade. That's why I don't, I don't even Don't think I'm, don't think I'm a Yeah, don't think more Blake Don't y have a dance Blaze. Oh, Blake? Yeah. Okay. I don't be getting bla like I don't really put myself out there for to be rejected. Like So How long ago was that? That's why Jesus. Was that before or after he put you on the playlist?


This one I came and saw y'all. Oh, okay. Okay. It is 2022. You ain't see it on my face in The. Breakfast Club. I had the Jay just blazed me face. Wow. I feel like I should pause that. I feel like I need to pause that Pause. What Did Jay just blaze me face? Man, I Don't be, what's wrong With you man? He ever since the, ever since the baby Baby oil, he Kinky. He been watching too much Cam and Mac bro though. He, he been, he was locked into the Diddy trial man. Yeah. Ever since the baby oil. He been real kinky last couple days. But anyway, not true. Let's get That's not true. He was born this way. Let's get into a journal. O' doll what you want here. Wavy Navy University. Okay. Alright. Was V vs?


Yeah. All right, let's, alright, let's get into that now. Ladies and gentlemen, it's The Breakfast Club. It's Babyface Ray. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast, Club


State. Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future. We know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know, and there's nothing by getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need it or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at and t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


Have you boosted your business with Lenovo Pro yet? Become a Lenovo Pro member for free today. And unlock access to Lenovo's exclusive business store for technology expert advisors and essential products and services designed just for you. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo Unlock new AI experiences with Lenovo's ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core ultra processors.


Hey gorgeous. It's Paris Hilton. Get the party started with my new album, infinite Icon out now and stream the new single Bad Academy, Welcome to the Bad. I wanted this album to be an escape, to take people to a happy place where they can heal and party in equal measure. And most of all, be your own unapologetic icon. Listen on iHeartRadio and visit infinite icon.com to order the album sponsored by 1111 Media.


A lot of pros to drink in health aid kombucha. No cons that I can think of. Pro amazing taste Pro pairs. Well with anything pro probiotic, that's a literal pro and it's deliciously refreshing. It's the perfect pairing to your meal or great on its own. Whether you're having Pink Lady Apple, berry lemonade, or one of the other great flavors. It's the perfect swap for soda or alcohol. Make it part of your daily routine. Look for the brown bottle with an anchor on it and try Health Aid Kombucha today.