
American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.aps.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you.


Hey everybody. It's your favorite play, cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning Show. You know, the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra. With available I force Max Hybrid Engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow, go lower from Blumhouse tv iHeartPodcasts An Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst as he unravels the mystery of his vanish boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Blessing. Blessing. Oh, French Dressing. Exactly. Oh, that's good.


I'm AJ Jacobs and my current obsession is puzzles. And that has given birth to my podcast The Puzzler. Something about Mary Poppins. Exactly. This is fun. You can get your daily puzzle nuggets delivered straight to your ears. Listen to the puzzler every day on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake that ass up early in the Morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. His album is out right now. Ladies and gentlemen, we have Friday here. Welcome brother. What's up man? How y'all doing? You good? You getting some money Friday? I can tell when a nigga done got some money. Now It's a little different from last time, man. Yeah, for sure. But you staying consistent though, Yo. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. You got, you gotta stay consistent. How you feeling though brother? I feel amazing man. You feel me? It's been 18 months since I dropped my last project, so the fans been waiting on this, so I feel good. I ain't gonna lie. What's changed over the last 18 months for you personally and professionally?


Yeah, I'll go personally just coming in the industry last time it was like my first foot in now. It was like I'm experiencing everything all at one. You know what I'm saying? Like the highs and the lows. Just everything that come with the fame is it's, it is been like a tricky past year, you know? Especially losing my dad, losing condo. Lost, losing, lost my dad last year, losing just at the highest point of my life while I was on tour, selling out shows. I got the call, I lost my dad. So just balancing that and working on the album for sure. You was in Europe when you got that call, right? Yeah, it messed me up bad. Like I get chills just talking about it. 'cause I was in theory when he died I just could see him gone. You feel me? His eyes open. I couldn't even talk to him, you know what I'm saying?


Like it like bring real trauma. Like I cry every time. Like I could think about it. But Did you FaceTime with him or something? Yeah, it was just my mom put me on FaceTime and was like, your dad gone. I'm like, I couldn't believe it. I'm like, let me see. And I looked at his face as Soul was all his body. I'm like, there's nothing I could do though. You feel me? I'm, I'm 12 hours away. So it hit it. It hit me every time I think about it. And That's the, that's what the record I guess with Meek Mill Proud of me. 'cause y'all both lost your dad and that's what y'all talking about in that song. Yeah, for sure. You reached out to Meek for that or how did that song come come about? Yeah, I was at the, actually in New York, my album was already turned in so I pulled up on Meek at the concert, just chopped it up.


Meek showed me love. He was one of the few artists that brought me out, brought me out to my first show. 20,000 people. Mm. You feel me? So we've been locked in since And I dropped a song like a month after my dad died and then meet DM me like my dad died too. So we connected even more on that and my album was done. Like I made that song probably like two months ago. You know what I'm saying? I just called him 'cause I knew it was gonna touch his, touch his heart, you know what I'm saying? And we was on FaceTime for like three hours, you know what I'm saying? I'm like, I'm pulling up on you in New York. Like I need this verse. Like I pulled up on him, he told me like, bro, I've been in writer's block for the past month, but I'm gonna knock this joint out for you. Feel me? So he was in the booth for 11 hours.


Wow. Like I watched him stay in the booth 11:00 PM to 11:00 AM just making sure he got this done for his dad. You know what I'm saying? Because trauma Like that hits different Yeah. Different. You know what I'm saying? Sure. Yeah. And on. And the album is, some days I'm good, some days I'm not. Now I can't help but to, to notice on the, the cover. Yeah. You don't look happy at all. Yeah, for sure You Don't. It's a dope cover. But yeah, it definitely speaks, it screams that you're not okay. Facts. And like that's how I wanted to cover, you feel me? Everybody around me smiling too. Like being at this position, you almost make everybody else happy 'cause they all getting something from you. So you might be outside everybody happy because like, but they not even wondering like how Fry really doing because it's a lot on him.


You know what I'm saying? Like, nobody even ask you like, bro, you care. Yeah. They don't really care 'cause we living like, you feel me? But you feel me? And you putting them in positions like yeah, you changing my life. But they don't ever even think like what Burger going through. Yeah, for sure. But you know, on the proud, a proud of me Record you, you, you talk about how hurt you are, but then you say you, you heal your pain by buying diamonds on diamonds. Yeah, for sure. So A lot of people gonna be like, oh he good. You know? Nah, nah. Yeah. It is just something that like, it is just something that give me happy. You know? I might, I might be messed up and just go to the, you feel me? Go to Shine real quick. I don't even gotta buy jewelry. I just chill in in the jewelry store. Just look at it. You feel me? Because I, it is one of my trophies to me. You know what I'm saying?


I'm one of 'em guys. Like, I ain't gonna wait for somebody to gimme a trophy, so I'm gonna go buy my own trophy. A trophy. They Call that retail therapy. But it, it's, it's temporary though. Like how long does that last? Yeah, it is temporary but it's a trophy to me. You know what I'm saying? So this something like, I worked hard my whole life for, you know what I'm saying? It is equal to a Grammy. I look at this like a Grammy, you know what I'm saying? For sure. I Was pull me, pull out my diamond test. Let see if you should be happy about that. Stop Man. Nah, you good. Go ahead. I'm just like, I'm just saying is this man always do Just say warm up. Gotta warm because you might be out here happy for for no reason all the way. This guy's crazy. Crazy. We got that old as Diamond Testa.


I was gonna ask, you know, how long did it take you to do this album? Because listening to the album, you could, you feel the pain from the first song? Yeah. From the first song. How long did it take you to do this album and how difficult was it to do this album? And there's so many elements in this album That's that screamed gospel. Yeah. Mm. It took me like 18 months to do this album. Like the last album I was very still like, I ain't even go on tour yet. I just locked in for like a month straight and just boom, two months, 14 songs. But this album, I was on tour two tours, losing my dad. So it was like, it all came together like in 18 months. That's why it's even 21 songs on this album. It's just a process of me recording through the whole year making good music.


I couldn't even take nothing out. You know what I'm saying? And also a reason why it's a double dis you feel me? I I I got a lot of fans that love the RB side of me and the other fans that love the life. You know what I'm saying? The pain side of me. So I separated in that way just, just to feed my fans, you know what I'm saying? It's been a long time Besides You and you grew, I'm sorry you grew up in church. That's why It all Oh yeah, yeah, for sure. My dad, my dad's a pastor, you know what I'm saying? That's where I learned everything. Like he forced music on me, you know what I'm saying? It wasn't no musicians in the church. So he told me and my brothers, y'all niggas got, I learned something, you know what I'm saying? Y'all gonna play something. And it kind of like came natural. Like I, I was playing instruments and singing in the choir since I was like 11 for sure. I, I wonder what the, the meek verse, was it the writer's block or the difficulty of making the verse artifact that y'all was, you know, sitting up talking about grief that took 11 hours?


Like what do you think it was? I think it's everything. You know what I'm saying? Like when you make a song for somebody you lost. It's like you gotta get it done and you gotta do the best you can for that person in that session too. Like I got, if you look at my Instagram, I was probably crying tears the whole session, you know what I'm saying? Like, 'cause while he was quoing we couldn't hear, but like when he finished his verse, even though he lost his dad when he was a kid, a lot of the stuff he was saying like was touching my heart in a different way. Like, I got everything, but I just really want to hold hands with my old man on wedding day while I slow dance. You feel me? And just, I lost my dad, then my brother got married. My pop wasn't at that.


So everything he was saying was just hitting my heart. So that, that session was a therapy session, bro. We was crying. Real tears in there. What Other healthy conversations have led to art? What you mean by that? Like, other conversations that you've had with people that lead to music? I get, I get music like that. It's like a lot from a like, experience, especially convos. Even like, I got a song called Some Days I'm Good Some days I'm not on a album. Like, that was a conversation I had with my manager just finding an album title and then we found it and right after we found it, I just went into my basement, produced it and, and, and just freestyled that song. So a lot of my music come from experience for sure.


Hell Yeah. Because Empty Stomach is still my favorite. Oh yeah. She a date. That's why I love just, she been showing me love since the beginning. For real though. I was gonna ask, what else you been dealing with on, on, on this album in the last, I guess 18 months? 'cause besides your father passing Emini here, listening to some of these songs, it, it seems like your friends are snaked you. Yeah. It seems like you know your friends only out for one thing. A girl did you dirty, like there's so much pain bro. I wanted to get after he listen to out, I said damn, I gotta get his brother a hug like you've been dealing. So what else Have you been? He just wanted to hug you 'cause he wanted to hug you, man, let him blame that shit on all that other shit. Freaky ass nigga there.


So comes down, wait for me. Like there's records never leave. Like there's records where you're hurting. So Yeah, Talk About that a little bit. I'll say like, being the first person to make it out, it's like a blessing and a curse. And it's like when you make it out, all eyes is on you. And I'll say this like, it'll be like the closest people around you. Like they just look at you to everything. You know what I'm saying? And they even blame you for everything. You feel me? Like you just wake up and you get five calls. Like, bro, what you think about this business? Like, you feel me? I'm like, talk to me. Niggas don't got no clue what they want do.


I'm like, all right, bet. Oh, Friday weirdo. Yeah, you don't want investing in my business Then that, that's another joke. You feel me? And it's like, I'll say this, like bringing people to the water. It's a blessing and a curse. 'cause they, they don't, they take it for granted. I'll say that. And then they blame it on you. You feel me? In a way. Like say you bring people backstage, right? I put people in this room, they'll look at you to do everything else. Don't Liquor in The room. What a look at no food. You ain't got no Food. They in a room with you and they be like, yo, text Charlamagne bro. I just put you in a room with, you just met 80 artists but you worried about girls, you ain't leaving no numbers and then you go to sleep like your Friday ain't putting me in position.


Only thing you could ask for is the, the door to be open. You feel me? So that's one of the things, big things going through, like making it out. For sure. I Tell you something that I wish somebody would've told me earlier. Focus on yourself Ken. Nah, for Sure. Because you can travel farther a alone and then when you finally get in the position you want to be, then you can help who is worthy of being. Nah, For sure. Yeah. Facts. You know another thing too, man, you say that the pain won't go away or you say that on some days I'm good, some days I'm not. It's like it's not, you know, it's not really supposed to. Yeah. Yeah. Like You supposed to just deal With it, right? You supposed to deal with it. Understand it more. Yeah. And find the good in it. Yeah. You Said I know, you know, you might want to escape from it, you know, have a little drink or Yeah, buy some jewelry. But it's just, it's a natural thing.


Like you should be grieving, you lost your pops. That's Understanding. No, for sure. Yeah. I'm learning that. I'm learning that as the days go by. Like I just understand it more. You feel me? I understand it and take it as a lesson of how I'm supposed to be moving forward with my life. So yeah. That's fact. It'll never go away though. I know. Shopping for jewelry and you know, just sitting in a jewelry store, that's your, that's your trophy, that's your therapy. But you don't have a professional therapist that you, you See? Nah, not yet. I'm thinking about it, but not yet. I just, I really just go to the studio, you feel me? I, I just, I don't know, it's kind of weird. I don't wanna like pull my life out Somaya. Mm. I don't really know. You feel me? And I don't wanna pour my life out to somebody that I do know.


Yeah. Because you might need something from me. So they gonna tell me everything i, I want to hear instead of what I need to hear. So you Then send you an invoice? Yeah, I little, little kids. Yeah. Text, you know, all that. But yeah. When You ready? I started going to 2016. Just do it when you're Ready. Yeah, for sure. That's Your alarm? Nah, I don't think it's mine. That is Mine. You just be, you'd be waking up at 10 22. Nah, look, Look, sometimes I got alarms just to, you feel me? Pay this bill or something. Something like that. Just remind me, what Was that reminder for? Yo nosey as hell. Look, it was a gas light bill or something. A gas light bill. Okay. Okay. But nah, just go to therapy. When that, when, when, when you're ready to, Yeah, for know. Sure. You know what Emini Here.


Lemme check this jury though. I need to see. There you go. It was making a lot of noise man. Hold on. I love when somebody step up. I love it. Step up. Tell 'em tell 'em to stop playing with you. Fry. Like we not, we not doing that. I don't know. Fry you doing a ju Go ahead. Go ahead get a diamond. Where a diamond at? Oh okay. Gotta be on the diamond. It has to be on it y'all. It's on the diamond. That was the first diamond test that ever made. They come on because I seen other ones that don't look like that now. That's, that's the first one ever. And got all them up, right? Yeah. Oh boy. Run up in the jeweler right now. Thing is, but it ain't making no noise. Why? It's not making no noise. It supposed to.


Why you think it's not making no hold on. Lemme see. It's supposed to make noise. Whether it's fake or real. This shit busted. It ain't supposed to be quiet. Yeah, no It's not. Look where it's at. Is it working? Fry? This shit busted. I'm telling You Should have waited till the end. Dude. This shit now ain't going answer no more questions. Get this right. Okay. We gotta get this right. God damn man. I don't know. Come here. If you make my ain't broke, It's about to be one of them days Broke bro. I'm go to the jeweler with you. Y'all got another jeweler? Okay, hold on. Shit, hold on. Damn this. Yeah, that shit broke. Yeah, that's your shit nigga.


I already knew real nigga like talking about talking the way. Hold on. Okay, hold on, hold on, hold on. Turn it, turn it back on. It's on all the way. Yes it is. Tell him stop disrespecting Sean put real, paying real money into this trophy. Feel me Telling you yo. Best time I don the battery Better put some respect on this man. Jewel. You see ain't work for Evan Jones, Right? Hold on, hold on. What the diamond at all? Don't see the diamonds Bro. Yeah, Try Evan Jones. It's broke. It's about to be one of them Days. He ain't okay man because it, It would work. It would work on one of these days.


It works. You sure Not playing. Oh so okay, okay, okay. Let's, all right. Okay, so why ahead? Put it on now. Let's see. You gotta put your thumb on the back. Alright. Stop Told this nigga, stop playing. Okay? Okay. Alright. I knew you was gonna Do it. I was gonna go through the jeweler with you Friday. I was like you can't do it. Put that little shit Around your neck that you got Tuck. Take That out. Keep going. I gotta make sure you right. Ain't no Philly nigga like fried come up here with no fake jewelry Bro. This is, yeah, not playing. This is highlighted the whole interview.


Like what are we doing? Talking About that chain too. I catch him for Friday to sweat a little bit. Worry, I'm cool. This would've been one of them days if he not having a good one. This, that's crazy. Oh Christ. But I like the come home record too for Yeah man. Oh you really listen this time you ain't listening. Last time you talking about Come On. What you That's How the interview. I'm right here with like, Nah, what else you Got? That was 10 minutes. I text NLA right after. I appreciate you saying What that nigga shot.


That Would've been been three minutes without nla. No, but I like it though. 'cause you talk about how you put a, a woman through a lot of shit. Yeah, I ain't say that. What you, what you rap about? What? What song you talking about? On The come home record. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, for sure. Exactly. In a way. In a way, yeah, for sure. Yeah. Yeah. But to have that level of self-awareness. Yeah, that's a, that's a great record writing wise, you know, it's, it's special. Like it's just, it is just explaining like is it too late for me to come home? Like me being outside late and doing all my dirt and just coming home, you know, when you come home you don't feel like you don't wanna give nobody a hug. You gotta wash up first. You know what I'm saying? It's like one of them songs. Yeah, yeah, yeah, for sure. You say You steady trying to cover up your filthy side. Yeah, sure. I come home with a lot of baggage. I've been hard to Manage.


Yeah, for sure. That song crazy. And it's not even about love, it's about whoever you coming home to. You know what I'm saying? Even if it's your kid. Even if American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life, whether you're part of a military family managing PCs moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families. The preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour.


Veterans and their families can benefit from the veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit apu.aps.edu/military to learn more American public university education that moves with you.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple called play and a panoramic moon roof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey y'all, I'm Maria Fernandez. My podcast when You're Invisible is my love letter to the working class people and immigrants who shaped my life. I get to talk to a lot of people who form the backbone of our society, but who have never been interviewed before. Season two is all about community organizing and being underestimated. All the greatest changes have happened when a couple of people said this sucks. Let's do something about it. I can't have more than $2,000 in my bank account or else I can't get disability benefits. They Won't let you succeed. I know we get paid to serve you guys, but like be respectful. We're made outta the same things.


Bone, body blood. It's rare to have black male teachers. Sometimes I am the lesson and I'm also the testament. Listen To when you're invisible as part of the Michael Cultura podcast Network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. I'm Hunter host of Hunting for Answers on the Black Effect podcast network. Join me every weekday as I share bite-sized stories of missing and murdered black women and girls in America. There are several ways we can all do better at protecting black women. My contribution is shining a light on our missing sisters and amplifying their disregarded stories.


Stories like Tamika Anderson as she drove toward Galvez, she was in contact with several people talking on the phone as she made her way to what should have been a routine transaction. But Tamika never bought the car and she never returned home that day. One podcast, one mission, save our girls, join the searches, we explore the chilling cases of missing and murdered black women and girls. Listen to hunting for answers every weekday on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


When you come home to see your mom, you gotta clean up before like me, I'm coming to see my mom. I gotta take a shower if I'm doing something crazy, you know? For sure. Do you feel like you have to, I guess, hide things, hide the way you're feeling sometimes? Because you said that earlier, like you don't wanna express yourself to people. So if you do get close to a woman but you are having one of 'em days where you grieving or something, shouldn't you be able to share that with her? Yeah, sometimes. But like I'll say like sometimes women, like they take that for weakness when you, when you like really open up to them. Like, so that's how my dad was too. You almost gotta be like really strong. You feel me? Not even just saying women just throw it in your face, your weakness. But it's just like, damn, once you weak, you know what I'm saying?


It is like they look down on you. Most women, it's like they look down on you when you weak in my, from what I've seen. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? For sure. That's Them Philly chicks Y'all. Nah, no. The Phillys hold you down. It is just like they, they just expect a man all the time. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? They just expect that protector, the provider. Like they don't even the emotions. It is not worried about that most of the time. For sure. And It was crazy. That's what men be needing. Yeah. We we be needing that. Yeah. We don't just wanna be the protectors and provider. Nah, for sure. You, you mess around, tell sure how you feel. She tell you how you, how she feel right after. Damn. Or when You get upset she throw it At you. Yeah.


Throw it at you like, well this time. But it's like damn, I can't express myself without you throwing it back at me. Like, it's like, let me feel how I feel. Like I was telling my brother that I don't think men could feel how they feel in front a woman. You find the right one you can. Yeah. Yeah, I know. I Know. Course you gonna throw it back in your face. That's not the right one. Yeah. Because that means you can't be open at any time that you feel a way you can never express Yourself fully. Yeah, for sure. Now one Callaway featuring Chris Brown. I love, you know, I love Chris Brown. I'm a Friday fan too. I love Chris Brown. Yo, every song y'all have together is a bop. Is he somebody that, that you know that you can just call and just talk to? Yeah. I, I wrote for Chris Brown before I ever was a artist, you know what I'm saying? I came in his game as a writer and producer first. So I was running around LA just writing for people and he was like the first big artist that I wrote for.


I wrote on two songs on his album with Bryson Taylor and Lil Dirk. And we ain't really meet yet, you feel me? So, but when God did and everything came out, he dmd me like, bro, let's lock in in person. You know what I'm saying? And I lied to him. I'm like, I'm in LA right now. I was in Philly though broke, you feel me? That's right. But I'm telling my team stomach vibe, vibes, you feel me? I'm like my, I'm telling my team I gotta get to LA tomorrow, you feel me? So I'm like, yo, I'm be there tomorrow. He invited me to his crib and it was just like love ever since, you know what I'm saying? He one of the most humble artists I ever met in my life. Like yeah. He just let me head my way, like cook up, you feel me? He like, I just wanna rock with you. Like do what you need to do in the studio and just tell he, he telling me like you could leave me in his zone.


So ever since then we've been locked in. So every time I call him he pick up. For sure. What Do you think makes that connection so special? Because you know the industry so fake. What, what makes that connection so Special at f first it's just the music. Like the fan, like a fan of each other. You know what I'm saying? Then when you meet somebody and they real genuine and you could really have a conversation, like pass the music and talk for hours in the studio and create something y'all love is just a special thing for sure. You won Your first Grammy 'cause of Chris Brown too, right? Yeah. I want, I won my Grammy like last month, you feel me? I'm featured on his album. Well You want a Grammy 'cause of you, but you know what I'm Saying? Yeah, for sure. But I thank him 'cause he put me on that album And I produced on that album too. Right. That's right. So I got two songs on that album. Wow. How'd that feel?


Feel amazing, man. I can't, I can't tell you how I feel like he was one of them guys. Like I just dreamed of working of you feel me? Now I get to FaceTime him and celebrate a Grammy with him as crazy, you know, it's Dope. I I I'm gonna say this then I'm gonna move on. Yeah, don't give it away part one and then don't give it away. Part two. Part two. Yeah. That shit is something that I listen to, I have to listen to when I'm on psychedelics. It is something like Shrems. I don't know if you, what's psych? Shrems? Shms. Okay, okay. I was a little worried a little bit. It's psych. It's your Shrooms. Yeah, Shroom it other things. I always did all that, but I only do the shrooms. Right, Okay, okay, okay. But The don't give it away part one. It's a d it is a, like y'all, they had these niggas gotta listen to a family.


I know, I know About it. It's, it's so different and it's a, it is, it's like heightened. Yeah, it is enlightenment. Like you and Chris Brown together. Yeah. It's crazy. So I'm trying to see if y'all can do a collaborate album. Like A Yeah, a lot of fans be asking like even like a little ep, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Is that something that y'all talked about? Nah, for sure. We, we got songs in it Tuck too. Like people ain't even hear us but crazy. We talked about it in a stew. Like it would be crazy. But you know, we doing our own thing too. So we gotta we gotta push our goals first. I See that kind. Do what do you prefer? You prefer doing the afrobeat sounding records or the, or the more the RB sounding records. They both vibe. Yeah. They, I I like it equally. You know what I'm saying? Because growing up Haitian Afrobeat and Jamaican music was like second home in New York, you know?


So it's like Kopa. Yeah, Kopa. So I like, I like it both equally. For sure. Well what, how much did God did change your life? Changed everything. I ain't gonna lie. You Really talk about financially. Did you get all, all you Folks to after? Yeah. I, I signed my, my my first artist deal right after God, did you know what I'm saying? And I was still in the hood when it came out. Wow. You know what I'm saying? Like came out, I heard, I ain't even know my voice was on there. I was just waiting. Midnight came, I heard my voice, I seen the feature. I'm like, everything about to change, you know what I'm saying? I like, I'm like, I gotta get out this hood though. You know what I'm saying? Like, then I, I bought a crib, you feel me? It changed everything.


Was that the third year? 'cause I, I saw you talking about how your third year is when you really started making money in this business. So was that Yeah, I was tell every artist, like at first, the first year is really like sacrifices if you, if you doing it the right way. Like I feel like a lot of artists, they do it like, I wouldn't say the wrong way, but it's just like a money grab. Just like, for shows of course. Like, nah, I'm, it's a money grab. I'm coming with me and my DJ and just you rocking it out just to get the whole But me, I like to present a certain show. Like I gotta make sure to sound right. I gotta make sure I got a bend. Like, you feel me? So for me the first year was more sacrifice. Breaking even. Yeah. Breaking even like my tour. Like I ain't even, you feel me?


It was even, I might have to come outta pocket sometimes, you know what I'm saying? But this like, this the year, like I feel like I start making more money for sure. What do you call real money? Like what? You don't gotta give a number, but hey yeah, I want a number. Like what, what did you, or maybe financially, what did you be, what were you able to do that made you say, okay, now I'm making real money so you don't gotta give a number. What I'm able to do now, like I'm able to help the people I love. That's, that's like at first, you know, when you shine, they don't really understand. A million dollars turned into three, 400,000. You feel me? You pay taxes, half is taxes, you pay your team and all that. But everybody looking at you like you, you, you got an em or two. You know what I'm saying? And they got, they hand out like, yo, you supposed to, you feel me?


Nigga might ask you for a hundred thousand. God damn. Like you feel me? That's how you think you signed for and we grew up together. Hundred thousand. How You even have balls enough to ask somebody for a hundred thousand dollars. Yeah. That's crazy. But it, it is just a mindset thing. So now like two, three years in, I'm just, I'm more comfortable with, you feel me helping my family. You feel me? Giving them money. That's, that's what I feel like. I'm good now. Are You honest with 'em though? Do you tell 'em like look, it ain't that yet. Yeah, I had, I had a few sit downs last year, like a year and a half. Like really explain like, you feel me? It's not that, don't you feel me? Because most artists, they would even pretend in front of they family as that. You feel me?


And they'd be like, you bragging to us as that and we starving. So it make them look at you and even build, build a hate. You feel me? So you gotta be honest with them. You, you explain what this what it is. You feel me? And they'll understand. They'll understand. Act. I'm starving too. Huh? I be acting like I'm starving too. You gotta like, nah, that's just what y'all see. Yeah, for sure. You not paying me at The Breakfast Club. I say that all the time. Nah, that's what you guys say. You, you might have to put it a little lower too. You feel Me? I don't wait no design. I'm like, I'm an intern up there. I'm not really Shit. I bought this chain. They start asking for more. Oh Emini here, Emini here, come on now. Like what? Great. And they see him testing. That's why you should be happy That the test Work go off You look.


I know it too. Make sure You get what it what it went on. Don't edit though. See what trying to do to you. That's why I was Check pee whole Instagram clip it cut Off. They definitely cutting that part off. It's gonna be the part where it's Not real. He doing it. He text the editor like Yeah And the last thing gonna be like, yo, I I'll go with you to your juah. But that's what's gonna, How is it working with Will Smith? Will Smith, you jumped on the phone, the song with his, you can make A song, you can make it Will Smith, a Philly legend, you know what I'm saying? I actually made that hook in like 20 21, 20 22. And he heard it this year by a producer ao. And then he just did the verse. So it was love since he just hit me like, yo, we got a record and he sent it to me.


It was love. That's Dope. I know all the old heads in Philly around you really thought you made it then. Yeah, Especially the OGs like my mom and all that. My aunt, they like, you got, you feel me? You got a record with Will. I'm like, yeah, you feel me? That was, that was a big moment. Yeah. So how far Did you, I'm sure you moved outta Philly. Yeah. How fast did you move outta Philly? Real fast. 'cause it was getting like, it was getting a little bad, you know what I'm saying? You were Pulling up at the crib. Just Pete walking down the street like, oh, Friday, you feel me? The first week it was like nobody even knew my face. They was just saying my name. So I could go to the club. I'm hearing the Bull Friday snapped. They don't even know it was me, but it was like, like three, three weeks later a month. I'm like, I gotta get outta here.


You know what I'm saying? I ain't even feel safe, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. I ain't even feel safe. So that was the first thing I did. I bought a crib And I moved. I moved away. Was It something that happened with Your, you moved with your auntie and your uncle and Bella or I No, I was, I moved with my mom out and all that. For sure. That's What's, was it something that happened or you just felt It? No, I just felt it Philly like crazy. It's like a, it is like a dangerous city. So it's like I already know what it come with. You know what I'm saying? Especially, it's like, it's not a lot of, it's not a lot of resources out there. So when you, when you the one getting a little bit of money, not even like God did, I'm talking about even if you just up and coming, it's a lot of upcoming rappers with 30,000 followers, niggas getting shot just 'cause niggas hating on, hating on your success.


So I had God deal with Jay-Z. So niggas look at, I, I knew I had to dip for sure. That Don't make no sense to me, man. Like why would you, you know, try to hurt somebody who potentially could help your whole situation, whole community like that makes no sense. But they they don't really look at it like that. Yeah. They more look at it like, wow, why him and not me. And they look at it like, shouldn't be him. It should be me. You know what I'm saying? It's more of a threat, bro. Like Yeah. It is dangerous for Philly for sure. Who's Your support system? I keep my brothers close, especially my mom close too. Like every time I get a chance I go see my mom for sure. She the one pray over me and all that before I leave the crib.


That's right. That's my support system for sure. My mom and my brothers. Okay. Yeah. You know, there, there's this thing called the, the five stages of grief, right? And it's a series of emotions people experience after a loss and it's denial, anger, bargaining, depression and acceptance. Yeah. Where, where do you think you at? I'm at, I'm almost at acceptance. Yeah. I'll say that. I'm at, I'm almost there. You feel me? I'm understanding it more and more as as, as time goes by. 'cause it, it's a lot of whys and hows, you know what I'm saying? Like the way, the way my father died, the way somebody died, it could be like, damn, like why I had to go like this.


You know what I'm saying? So it, it is, it is more like why and I'm, I'm kind of accepting it right now for sure. Yeah. How would you like his legacy to be re be remembered? Just by what I'm doing now. Like putting my re in my music, inspiring people, giving people good words of encouragement and all that. You know what I'm saying? That's why I keep it in the music, how I can. 'cause I know I'm doing right. You know what I'm saying? I could do a whole RB album if I want to and some people want that. But I know it's people that need the real, you feel me? The real music that get 'em through life. Like my dms is crazy. Like a lot of people in the jails listening to me. A lot of people like about to commit suicide. A lot of, a lot of people like I saved them through they day, you know what I'm saying?


And I just, just me reading them dms, I don't take that for granted. So I feel like I'm, I'm, I'm doing his legacy right now 'cause he taught me everything. Did you get to hear him say that he was proud of you? Yeah, for sure. Yeah. Dope. Yeah, I bought him that crib. Mm. And I just told him it's 'cause of you, you know, it's 'cause of you. It's, you don't gotta pay a bill. Like, you know, he gave me music, he forced it on me. You know what I'm saying? He gave me God, he showed me everything. So it was like, yeah, for sure. Even when I went to Europe, before I went to Europe, I'm like bro, I'm about to go to York, you know what I'm saying? Forget the us. I'm about to go to Europe and do a Europe tourist 'cause of you. I looked him in his eyes, look, it's 'cause of you.


Alright, feel me? The way he died, like you see like the LaVar Ball thing when he had to amputate his leg. That was kind of like my dad's situation. But my, I got Haitian parents so it's like they got a lot of pride. Like my mom and dad would be like, we ain't cutting off his leg. Damn. But the doctors would be like, I think it's smart for you to cut off the foot right now. Like so it won't go up. So it's probably been like six years, like three, four years. My mom like, nah, we ain't doing that. Too much pride. Like let's do something else. So my dad joined it spread, spread it up, you know what I'm saying? So last time I went to the doctor, they like, we gotta go above the knee.


You know what I'm saying? And that was the last time I was with my pop. Like they was about to cut his first like leg off on top of his knee. He just looked at me balling up like they really about to take my leg off. I'm like, we cried for like a hour before he went in there, you feel me? And I went to tour, like I went to tour that weight And I performed the first show and they said they about to cut the other leg off. Mm. They have to right then like everything just stopped. I'm like, yeah, I don't know how we gonna do this. You feel me? Like it really hit my heart. So once they cut the other leg, that's when we lost them.


You feel me? So that's why it's more of a why, like you feel me? It is more of a why right now. Like I don't really understand how he went. But I know God like knew like my mom ain't wanna see my dad like that. I feel she more at peace right now. I feel like she more at peace even though it's a, it's a hard thing. She more at peace knowing he in a better place than seeing him. How we would've saw him. Absolutely. Yeah. Wow. Good luck. I Love you Fry. Nah, for sure too. Always. Thank The album is out right now. Some days I'm good, some days I'm not. Have, have you performed in Haiti yet? Nah, nah, nah. It's a little tricky in Haiti right now. I want to go so bad, but like, you feel me? A lot of people be like, nah, not right now, you feel me?


But I got, I got a song on this album, future Enjoy direct Filet, you feel me? It's called Ko Haitian Genre. And I feel like since Cleft is about to be one of the biggest songs to, to just show Haiti in front of The World in, in the big way in front of the mainstream. So all my Haitians excited about that. For sure. What's the misconceptions about Haiti? You, you, you would like to clear up as an artist? Yeah. The first thing that people in America think of Haiti is just, I'll say they just think of like a bit like a bad country. You know what I'm saying? Like in a, in a or they think about, they think about all the bad, but it's a lot of good in it.


You feel me? They never like really go there and see the good and and and it's a lot of product that come out of it. It is just like we just, it just l after L and what they put on the news, that's how they show Haiti. They don't never show the good side. They don't ever show a good part of it. I feel like in America they just, they only show Haiti when it's, it's some bad stuff happening. Not always, not never wanted some good stuff. You know what I'm saying? So I feel like it's gonna change a little bit. Like Haiti's a great place. It's a lot of talent. It's a lot of great people out there. When I think about Haiti, I think about some strong people. Yeah. Who revolted against white supremacy. Yeah, For sure. And White Supremacist been making that country pay for it ever since. Yeah. Something I look at it something like that too.


You know what I'm saying? Fresh independence, strongest people, you know? I don't know, I gotta do more research but I just feel like, you feel me? Something happened in America. Like they just made it that way. You know what I'm saying? Even separating Haiti from DR and all that. At first it was one, it was one people, you know what I'm saying? And they at one time even speak the same language. You know what I'm saying? They separated. It's just a lot of stuff like, you know for sure You go to the doctor though, right? What you mean? Just in General? Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. For sure. I went keep On talking about another type of doctor I went, I went, I went probably like six months ago. Okay. For sure. Yeah. Alright, Keep up with your help and everything. No effects. Let's Get into a joint off the album. What you wanna have proud of me? Yeah, for sure. Proud of me featuring Meek Mill. Rest in peace on fos the video out right now too.


2 28. And keep trusting yourself, man. Like you got, you got good instincts, man. Thank You bro. You got good instincts. I, I've read stories about how, you know, they wanted to put you in the 200 seat venue and you held your ground. It was like, nah, I know I can do more than that. Yeah. Shout out my team too. You know, you feel me? They didn't understand the vision at first and they was comparing me to certain artists so I understand where it was coming from. But we was just saying we bigger than that. You know what I'm saying? We got it is Haitians that's gonna come out. It's Africans that's gonna come out. It's r and b lovers that's gonna come out and it's Rat fans that's gonna come out. So me and my team, my manager Edgar just pushed that like, nah, we bigger than that. Sure. And they, we proved them wrong too. And, and the last thing you said, I once saw you say don't lose yourself in the music business.


Can you explain to me which Song, which song I said that on? I Don't think it was a song. You just was, it was in an interview or something. Okay. Okay. Yeah. It is just like, you just gotta stay grounded And I feel like I came in this game a little different, so I can't speak for like the, like the hungry artists that's like wanna be everywhere, wanna be at all the parties wanna be at all the sessions. But I feel like when you hungry you'll eat anything. You feel me? When you starving you'll go for anything. It's like, damn, I'm hungry. I'll go to this party, I'll go to this studio session. Not even know who going be there. Even it might be Diddy Dang not even know who going to be there. Like you might go there, you don't even know what's going on.


It's not even laid out to you. What's, you feel me? And I feel like that's, that's how a lot of upcoming artists lose themselves. They so hungry. It's like yo go anywhere. You know what I'm saying? A lot of the stories I hear I can't relate to. 'cause I'm just at the crib making music with my mom to this day, you feel me? And I stay with my brother. So that's how you just gotta stay grounded and just, and just focus on the music. Everything else is gonna come Absolutely dope. Yeah, for sure. Well, let's Get into it right now. It's proud of me featuring Meek Mill. Some days I'm good, some days I'm not. Album Is out right now. Pick it up. What success today? Friday. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed Delivering online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone, for active duty, military and their families. The preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit apu.apus.edu/military to learn more American public university education that moves with you.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes lower from Blumhouse tv, iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst as he unravels the mystery of his vanish boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Let's sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Blessing. Blessing. Oh, French Dressing. Exactly. Oh, that's good.


I'm AJ Jacobs and my current obsession is puzzles and that has given birth to my podcast The Puzzler. Something about Mary Poppins. Exactly. This is fun. You can get your daily puzzle nuggets delivered straight to your ears. Listen to the puzzler every day on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Mary Kay McBrayer, host of the podcast, the greatest true crime stories ever told This season explores women from the 19th century to now women who were murderers and scammers, but also women who were photojournalist, lawyers, writers, and more. This podcast tells more than just the brutal, gory details of horrific acts. I delve into the good, the bad, the difficult, and all the nuance I can find because these are the stories that we need to know to understand the intersection of society, justice, and the fascinating workings of the human psyche. Join me every week as I tell some of the most enthralling true crime stories about women who are not just victims, but heroes or villains, or often somewhere in between. Listen to the greatest true crime stories ever told on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.