
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing massage and cease to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It, it's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Peace to the planet. I go by the name of Charlemagne to God. And Summit in the south side of Chicago is calling and the shy is now screaming on Paramount. Plus, this season, the women are rewriting the rules in the Showtime original series from Emmy win. Alina Wa they've been loyal, they've been patient, and now's payback time. But the minute the shy aren't giving up their power without a fight, nobody's backing down until the throne is earned and nothing will ever be the same. Don't miss the shy new season now. Screaming only on the Paramount Plus with Showtime plan.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's D-E-J-N-V. Just hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. You got a special guest in the Building? Yes indeed. We Got Mayor Ros Barocco. Welcome. How you feeling, Brother? I'm good. I'm good. A little tired, but I'm good. You ain't, you can't get tired now. I know that's, You got a long way to go. I Know that's right. How are you man? I'm good, man. Yeah, yeah. Had a rough couple of weeks, but I'm all right. You can't elaborate on that. Just like the specific circumstances that led to the arrest at Delaney Hall. Yeah, you know, we've been going down there every day. Second, in fact, my folks are down there now to do the inspections, uniform code construction, you know, you have to get a certificate of occupancy, all these other things.


But they came in and just was like, you know, we gonna do what we wanna do. Our folks went down there, they wouldn't let 'em in. I was surprised. So I had 'em go with y'all, I wanna see what's going on. So they basically told So they wouldn't let y'all in to do the Inspections? Yeah. So they basically was like, no, geo, this is a private company. This is not the government, not ice, nobody, just these guys. And so we took 'em to court and we in a process of in, of being in court and they just start putting detainees in the building while we were in court. Like just total disrespect. So we go down every morning to, to serve them, like give 'em a citation because we just wanna show a pattern that they have been disregarding the local law. When we, when we get in court, the congress people went down there to do a walkthrough and they called me and was like, yo, be we having a press conference?


We want you to be at the press conference. I said, cool. So I came down to the press conference. There was protestors outside and they out there every day by the way, saying, let the mayor in. That's what they were saying when I was at the gate. So the guy lets me in the guard. He was like, come on this side of the gate. So I did, I stood there about an hour and a half, and then the special agent in charge of Homeland Security came. But ICE was already there. They didn't say anything to me. I was there for like an hour. They just looked at me, looking at them. He came, approached me, started talking crazy, reckless. The Congress people got in it. He said, you know, he's gonna arrest me. Then the congresswoman was like, no. I said, you know what, I'm leaving.


Don't worry about it. He said, yeah, get out. So I left. I left and went on the other side of the fence. He got a phone call. They made a decision to leave the inside and come on the outside and arrest me on the city side, you know, and that's basically what happened. They took me to a real lockup somewhere in some place I didn't even know existed in Newark, by the way. Wow. In a cell. Took pictures, fingerprints charged me with federal trespass. Went to a hearing, all the whole thing, you know, fingerprinted me again. I heard that, I heard you were subjected to like a second round of fingerprinting and mugshots. Yeah. Yeah. It's crazy. Why, How do you interpret that? I, I have no idea, man. They, they was like, one agency has it, not the other agency. I was like, can't y'all get it from them?


Like it's technology Emini here. They did this in the middle of the court. Like we were leaving the marshals came into the courtroom to escort me out and my lawyers started, you know, going back and forth with them. And I just said, you know what? Forget it. Just take me wherever y'all gotta, wherever y'all going, I'm going, let's go. And I left. They said They took you to a place you didn't even know existed Anymore the first time? Yeah, absolutely. Wow. Like some, it's a nondescript factory looking place. Took me down in the basement. It is a bri it is like real cells in there. What? Yeah. Yeah. It's crazy. And you Didn't know it was there? No, not at all. No. It's a homeland security spot that they have there. Wow. You know? Did you see other people detained there As well? No, I didn't see anybody. They had me, you know, off somewhere, you know, so I, I didn't know what was going on down there.


So this building, Do you think any of your criticism of Trump, huh? You think any of your criticism of Trump caused him to, to act like that? Well, I just believed that they wanted to get the mayor of the city. You know, they're on this, I'm going to arrest judges, mayors, whoever's like there in charge. You just wanna show that we have power and authority and you're not gonna defy us and we're gonna get whoever it is you can get it too, type of thing. Right. So I think that's what it was. And when they realized I was there, somebody sent them there to get me, you know? So that's basically what happened. I don't even think it is directly about me. I think it's about them and them trying to prove to everybody that they're untouchable and they basically do what they wanna do. When they realized it was me, they sent a special agent in charge of the homeland security investigation of that region to come and get me.


That's like the police director going downtown and arresting somebody for shoplifting, you know? So, doesn't usually happen. Yeah. He comes by itself and does that. So legality. Right. So this is a, a private building, right. That law enforcement should be able to come in and see what's going on. So how do they have the right to stop y'all from going in? So shouldn't in any other, like if I have a private building And I say, y'all can't come in, y'all gonna kick the door down for sure. But this case y'all can't. Yeah. And like the fire inspectors and the health inspectors have more rights than police officers. Like police officers need like a warrant to do specific things. The health inspector and the fire inspector can come in any building for safety, health and human resources or whatever it is.


They could come into the building and say, look, this building is not safe. It's not fit. So forth and so on. And they, they won't let them in. And that's why I was totally shocked. I like, this can't be real. I, I need to go see this myself. And they, it was right. They just wouldn't let, they wouldn't let anybody In. So what's inside this building? Has anybody seen what they're doing in this building? And nobody knows. Emini Here. CBS was a granite entry and they gave him like a limited tour. And they keep saying it's like these criminals in there, murderers, rapists, you know, the, the, the Republican talking point. But everybody know who's in there. You don't know what's going on. Who they, who they are, where they come from. We don't know anything. And you know, the building was used as a halfway house and drug rehab 20 years ago to change the use of the building.


Now you're gonna change it to a place for, with detainees, you have to get that you checked. Right? It has to be, you have to get a certificate of occupancy. You have to apply for that. You have to get inspections. You may have to go to the planning board zone and board. It depends. But you have to start that process. That's, anybody has to do that. It's not special. It, it's, we're not like putting a undue circumstances on these people. This is what everybody goes through. I saw you say that you feel like these measures were an attempt to humiliate and degrade you Absolutely. Once, you know, know, they, they cuffed me, threw me in a car. You know, the, the security that well the police did was pretty decent. But, you know, taking me through that process, they put me in a cell, you know, the whole fingerprint and the interrogation piece, the, you know, then doing it again, I, I just don't think it's necessary.


Emini here, the US attorney came to my hearing. It's a class C misdemeanor, $400 fine. Wow. You know, maximum 30 days of jail. She's, she's at the hearing, the US attorney. I'm like, what Emini here? What's happening here? You know, this is Today trying to give you the maximum, obviously 30 days in prison and a $4 fund. Yeah. Emini here. This is probably what they're going after. But they don't, don't have no, I don't think they have a case at all. Emini here. First of all, it's not federal property. So federal tress, there's not even one federal employee that works there. Like all they do, all they, they don't have a lease. They have a contract to, for them to house a few of their prisoners. That's it. This is not, this has nothing to do with the federal government at all. This is a private property with a private owner from Florida called the Geo Group, which owns hundreds of prisons by the way.


It has nothing to do with the federal government. If anything, if it was trespassing, they would have to call the local police. Right. And if they thought it was a conflict of interest, they should have called the state police. But they didn't call anybody, by the way. 'cause they let me in the property. Wow. Yeah. The people who called one of those ice agents and everybody else who called their bosses and boss came down there and did what he did. And he got orders to do that. Have you gotten any like, like messages, like behind the scenes on some, like, all right, you know, don't step outta line again, it can get worse or something. You know what Emini here like Yeah, Pretty much. But, Okay. For who though? Like, you Emini here. You know, we, we were in the process of, we're in the process of trying to figure out the charges and, and, and that, you know, and these people are, you know, they serious now.


They committed to they foolishness. You know what Emini here, they threatening to arrest the congresswoman who was there and multiple congresswomen. You know, they, they're threatened to take us through this all the way to the end. But, you know, at, at the end of the day, like, we didn't do anything wrong. So Emini here, if they wanna waste the taxpayer's money, the government's money to go through this, then let, let's go through it. We, we think we are correct. And I don't think they have any ground to stand on. What do you say to people who say they don't care about fighting for the rights of, of immigrants? They're just misinformed. And because we've allowed other people to kind of dictate or, or control the narrative? Honestly, what we're fighting for is the due process for the 14th amendment, the fourth and fifth Amendment to be secure in your person, your papers, your property.


People can't do anything till you pull you over, throw you in jail without due process, without you going to court, without them having a warrant. All these specific things. And, And I think more than anybody, black people should be concerned about that because we are the, the number one victims of being searched without probable cause or people coming to our property. Our persons disregarding our, our constitutional rights for the, for our first, the, the Bill of rights, the disregard for that. We should be the first ones concerned about it. And so we should stand up for people who's get, who getting their is violated. 'cause we next, And I I see that you also run for governor as well. Do you feel like this is a part of the plan to mess that up too?


Well, Emini here, I think it's the part of the plan to mess everything up, you know? So I think they, what they meant for evil though, always turns to good Emini here. These people are, are they, they're not thinking about what they're doing. They're just reacting. Right. The, the, the, the person in charge of Homeland Security, well, the second in charge gets on tv starts saying, we stormed a place, it was a bus of migrants going in there. You know, we slammed ice agents like all this was fabrication. Now they just put themselves in a, in a, in a bad situation. 'cause now you're saying things that are not true. 'cause we have the videos. So I just start dropping the videos so people could see that I walked in there with my hands in my pocket, you know, very calm, you know, 'cause the guy opened the gate and let us in.


There was no kicking, no shoving, no pushing. Emini here. They're used to lying and controlling the narrative. But this is a time they made a very grave mistake. Do you think that this will impact your bid for governor in any way? Help? I don't think so. Emini here, people who don't like what happened, don't like what happened anyway. They don't, like, they wouldn't vote for me anyway. Yeah. So I don't think I'm gonna lose any votes based on what we did. I think what it does do though, is it, it tells people that we willing to go all away. That, you know, we're not just talking about defending people's rights. That we, we are going to challenge these people at every turn. I do. I do wonder, what message do you think your arrest sends to other elected officials who might oppose these federal policies?


Who just oppose the Trump Administration period? Well, I think these guys need to ratchet it up a little bit. Need to figure out what we gonna do in a collective way. These kind of individual things that are happening. There's not really enough. We need like collective energy here. A cooperative plan of action to push back against what, what's happening. Not, not all these separate states doing these suits. We should do a collective one. The irony is, when I was going to court, the state of New Jersey was going to court with Donald Trump. That same day our ag filed the suit against this. His signing of executive order, undermining the 14th amendment of birthright citizenship. On that day he was in court. But it should have been Donald Trump versus New Jersey, against Bal against Maryland, against, you know, California against Maine.


It should been, it should have been like 15 different states together. And I think we need collective action. This individual stuff is not working. You Know, I've heard, you know, mayor Adam say this, and I've heard a lot of other people say this to me, like there's an attack on black mayors. Do you, do you think so? Well, I think, I think black mayors have it a little bit more difficult than everybody else. Obviously. Just like black people do. Obviously people expect more from you. You're gonna be scrutinized more. They think you have a magic wand and because you black, you gonna make all of the black people's problems disappear in five seconds. Obviously that that's not gonna happen. But Emini here, ul ultimately I think we have a harder road to tow. A a, a heavier, a bolder to move.


But, you know, it is what it is. This is what you signed up for. You know, we knew this when we got into it. Like this is, was what it was gonna be. How did it feel for you when you just saw, you know, the city of Newark, like really come to your defense? Like they was outside, like people was pulling out. Not even just Newark. People was pulling up from all over the tri-state. Yeah. You know, to ride for you, how did you, you Feel when you came out and saw that? It it, it made me feel good. The irony is, when I was in there, you know, the, they, the guy locked me up after the judge said you could go, took an extra 30, 40 minutes to let me out because he was trying to devise a plan to get me outside. 'cause there was so many people out there. He was like, oh, we gotta get these people from in front of the building. I said, you know how you get 'em out, out? Get me out. S right, let me out.


They'll go. He is like, I wish it was that easy. I said it, it actually is that easy. So as I walk outta here, they're gonna walk away. And lo and behold, I walked out, we walked down the street, talked to them, and everybody dispersed Emini here. People not interested and, and doing nothing extra crazy. You know, they just want justice. And that's simply what it is. Now you're running for governor. What's the first thing you wanna do when you become governor? Like what's the,


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousins latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how the level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been, because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Amy Robach and TJ Holmes. Here, Diddy's former protege television personality, platinum selling artist Danity King alum Aubrey O'Day joins us to provide a unique perspective on the trial that has captivated the attention of the nation. Aubrey O'Day is sitting next to us. Here you are. As we sit here, right up the street from where the trial is taking place. Some people saw that you were going to be in New York. Yeah. And they immediately started jumping to conclusions. So can you clear that up? First of all, are you here to testify in the Diddy trial? Aubrey will offer her opinions and expertise based on her firsthand knowledge from her days on making the ban as she emerged as the breakout star. The truth of the situation would be opposite of the glitz and glamor.


It wasn't all bad, but I don't know that any of the good was real. I went through things there. Listen to Amy and TJ Presents Aubrey O'Day covering the Diddy trial on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey, it's Jay Shetty and I'm bringing my first ever on purpose live tour to Washington DC on May 21st, presented by Chase Sapphire Reserve. Join me in surprise guest for meaningful and insightful conversations to spark learning, experience, growth, and build real connections. Chase Sapphire Reserve card members can redeem their chase ultimate rewards points for VIP packages.


To meet me before the show or visit Jay sheddy.me/tour to get your tickets. First thing on your, on your mind, the first thing you wanna do, first day, second day, third day. What? Well Emini here, number one, I think we need to fix this budget. Our budget is, you know, is outta whack because we have given so many tax breaks to these multinationals and we need to bring that money back and fix our tax code. But, but ultimately we need to be building affordable housing across the state of New Jersey. We need to be building 10, 20,000 units of affordable housing in the first two years. One, it'll reduce people's costs, reduce rents mortgage. So I would put a rent control on all rent across the state of New Jersey for the first couple of years until we get the first units of housing built in the state.


That needs to happen to begin stabilizing our economy and it'll make people believe we mean business. Right? Put thousands of people to work. So dealing with this affordable housing crisis is like number one on my list. Now. There's a lot of people in this race for governor now. How do you step above all those people? 'cause right now looking at polls and polls mean a lot of nothing a lot of times. But how do you make sure you're ahead of those polls to make sure people come out and support you, that you're really taking this serious? Yeah. Well, Emini here, the polls are fluctuating every week. They change here and there, which means that it's like a fourth quarter game. It's going to be whoever gets their people out to the polls to vote. And, and whoever wants it battered than more than anybody else is the person I think is gonna get over the line.


But ultimately, I, I think people could see my record and we've been putting that out there, the things that we've done in the city of Newark. And we believe that if you could do it in Newark, you could basically do it anywhere. I probably, if the state has a cold, Newark has the flu, right? So our problems are a lot more intractable and difficult and our ability to mitigate those issues makes us uniquely qualified to deal with the issues around the state. I Saw something, it was an Emerson College poll and it said that 56% of voters were undecided about who they wanted to vote for in the Democratic primary. Yeah. I I don't think it's that big Emerson. That's crazy. Yeah. Emerson, they did a text poll. Those text polls are incredibly unreliable. They texting people and you know, they, they texting a small portion of people, but there, there is a huge undecided number, but it's not 56%.


And you always have to understand, And I know we know when they polling people, it's not really us, right? 'cause we not answering the phone. So we, we, we have to be a little weary of those polls, a little leery of them and really just get on the ground and keep working. Emini here the poll said that Kamala Harris was gonna win, right? Yeah. The poll said she was gonna win New Jersey by double digits and she only won by five percentage points. Newark Airport, man, what the hell is going on? Mayor Baraka, like, what is the problem with Newark Airport? How did they get here to where people are saying it's unsafe to fly outta Newark Airport? They say don't fly outta Newark. Yeah. They say don't I don I don't think it's unsafe. I I don't think it's unsafe because they keep delaying and canceling flights.


If they weren't doing that, then it would be unsafe. The reality is there's too many planes in the airspace. Air traffic controllers is not enough. Our air traffic controllers walked off because of stress. They don't want to, when they losing contact with airplanes, they don't wanna be the one responsible for 90 people, 150 people going down. So, so they walking away, the radar system in that area doesn't work. The infrastructure is broke. So, but the Trump Administration came in, got rid of 400 people, blame DEI and now they realize it's a real problem and none of that is gonna help it. So now they're trying to put money in infrastructure and hire more air traffic controllers. But they need to do that like rapidly, like in emergency. And in the meantime, we just need to slow those flights down.


We need to do the same kind of patterns that's happen outta LaGuardia. See LaGuardia's in the same airspace, but not having this problem. They're not having this problem. 'cause they have less flights and they have more time between flights, right? The flight's coming in and the flight's going. There's more space between those. Newark just, we, we just fly places flying in and out, in and out, in and out. We acting like there is no problem. Right? But there is a problem. And so as we, as we act like there's no problem, they're canceling flights and delaying flights and ultimately just need to not have those flights until they get this in order. So you said people are they they were walking off. Why? Because they just were stressed out. Yeah, they, they, they, What were they stressed out about? Like, Emini here to not have contact with an airplane for 30 seconds, for 60 seconds, for 90 seconds is a lot Emini here.


If you are an air traffic controller and you can't control what's going on and somebody crashes and dies on your watch Emini here, obviously that's gonna cause a, a, a bit of stress. Absolutely. Folks walked off and, and Newark is unfortunately add insult to entry there, you know, fixing one of the runways at the same time. So that should be done prayerfully by the end of June. But we need more air traffic controllers and we need the infrastructure fixed immediately. We need emergency spending, emergency funding to get that stuff done like yesterday. But nobody Knew that about the Infrastructure beforehand. Of course they did. Yeah. They, they knew, they, they knew that the infrastructure was old. They also knew that we didn't have enough air traffic controllers, not just Newark, but period.


Right. And that's why we were having incidents then when the Trump Administration first came in, you seen all these airline issues that were going on, which signaled that there was a problem. And instead of dealing with the problem, they began blaming DEI and continued to lay people off instead of hiring people, fixing the infrastructure. So we won't have this emergency situation where we are now. So they finally, they've understood that this is a real problem. So now they're trying to address it, but it's not happening fast enough. But in the meantime, I would say they need to stop some of these planes from going off the ground. Yeah, you're gonna be inconvenienced. 'cause you can't get as many flights as you could have got before, but safety is more important than anything else.


That's right. I would say. Now I wanted to ask about the congresswoman that is also going against you in this race. They said that she has supported a lot of the things that Donald Trump has, has put to the table and and you've been very vocal about that. What are your thoughts on some of the things that she's trying to follow up with and that she's campaigning for? Well, you know, everybody in the primary now is progressive, right? But all of the progressive leaning organizations endorsed my candidacy, all of the progressive unions, all of the progressive organizations for people's organization progress. 32 BJ working families, because I'm a real progressive, I'm not just playing one on tv. The, the rea the reality is here's a woman who supported the border wall, right?


Who, you know, supported $4 billion to go towards Trump's border wall, right? A person that voted against immigrants and while she was the congress person, right? Who is opposed to immigrant trust act in New Jersey, who that says that we have to not ask people their status, that our police can't cooperate with ice. That we have to make sure immigrants get the same services as any other PE people or residents of the state of New Jersey. She voted she's opposed to that and voted against things when she was the governor, Emini here, excuse me, when she was the congressperson. So the, the reality is I don't think that she's progressive at all. Now you went to her hometown of, of Montclair to, to make that statement, to make sure that the residents of Montclair know who, who they're voting for.


Why was that important to you? Well, I went there to really talk about the fact that they have a plan for everything but black people, right? They, that, you know, the reality is they come up with all of these strategies and plans that they're so thoughtful about, but none of it involves us. But they keep coming in our community, asking us for things, but they have no plan to help us. When we were on a panel, they, they asked her about the wealth gap and she started talking about third graders reading level. And so I, I got upset, right? I said something on a panel And I, And I said something in the Montclair, I said, you know, reading levels, we need to make sure that our kids can read on grade level. But don't get confused that the wealth gap has nothing to do with reading as a, as a, as a matter of fact, income and wealth are two different things.


Income, you could say that, you know, if you have a better education, you could get a better job and your income could be better. But wealth, you could be dumb as a doornail and, and have wealth. Your parents can pass down businesses and real estate and all the thing to you and you can mess it up. But you still have wealth, right? You know, Donald Trump has wealth, not because he's brilliant, but because his family had wealth. Emini here, this country has denied us wealth since we came here. Like slave slaves helped to develop wealth for other people who've passed their wealth down. And because she don't understand that and she talks about it like in a tone deaf way, it kind of undermines our ability to destroy a wealth gap that's actually doubling in the state of New Jersey right now.


And it went from $300,000 to $600,000 because of the lack of home ownership and, and business development in our state. And she, and if, if you're gonna be the governor, you should know that. Right? So she's, she's actually supposed to be coming up here, I think this week and next week. What's one question that you, you would think is the most important question that she should answer? That what's her plan for black and brown people, but more, more importantly, black women. Right? Black women are the most committed and dedicated constituent that the Democratic party has. And they're treated the worst in New Jersey or, or in this country. Emini here. She's endorsed by the, the, the mainstream democratic party.


But they have no plan for black people. They never did. They have no plan for Latinos. They never did. And they have no plan for working people. Emini here, the Democratic party is in charge of the state and working people are struggling the most. We can't pay our bills. Our childcare is too high, right? Insurance is too high. In fact, if you've got the wrong credit score, you might not get no insurance. Right? Your rent is too high, your mortgage is too high. And we still giving tax breaks to billionaires and New Jersey and can't take care of working people. And you're supposed to be the party of working families. Right? She should have an answer for those things. It is running for governor hard when you still gotta govern as mayor. And the reason I brought that up is because everybody, well not everybody, but there were people saying that this was a publicity stunt when you got arrested.


Like you just trying to drum up, you know, attention for your, your, your campaign for governor. What do You say? Man, I got a lot of ways to drum up attention. Going to jail ain't one of them. You know? Yeah. But, but, but, but ultimately, like, look, I just came from the gym that day. You know, I was going to get a, a, a shake to go back to the office. My policy advisor reminded me that they were having a press conference. I went down there for that press conference to support my congress people. Right? I didn't expect that they would do that. And honestly, you know, when they started threatening, I thought they was bluffing. Like, when I left the property, if I wanted to get arrested, I would've stayed on the property, right? I actually left, right? And 20 years ago, I would've took flight. You know, when they said they coming to arrest you, I would've been fences, cars, everything.


You know, the reality of the matter is nowhere for me to go. Like, if they're gonna arrest you, where, wherever I'm gonna go, they gonna come. Like, so if you're gonna do it, just do it now. And that, that's really what my sentiment was. Like, I don't believe you, you got it in you that this is not gonna happen. This can't happen. This is a, when a congressman told me they come and arrest you. I said, why? What did I do? I didn't do anything. That's exactly what my response was. What, what did I do? I wasn't like, oh, come arrest me, da da. I was like, I didn't do anything. How would you, how are you gonna arrest me? I'm not even on your property anymore. And they came out and did it anyway. Did that confirm to you what type of political climate we're in? Oh, absolutely. Absolutely. Very, very dangerous. The fact they're still going through this, that my lawyers are still going back and forth with these people. It's still, it, it tells you clearly that they're committed to this stuff.


And the question becomes how committed are we? And, And I, And I don't believe we are as committed as we need to be to turn this thing over At any point. Were were you like afraid for your life? The fact that you were taken to a offsite factory, but you ain't never seen before. Yeah. Like absolutely. What? Go through your Mind. Absolutely. Emini here. Emini here. I guess when you, I'm, I'm in a grown man now with family. So when you get arrested, all kind of things going through your head who pick my children up from school. Like, I got a meeting tonight, you know, all kind of stuff. And you was hungry my door, you didn't even get to shape. Right? Did I leave my house door rub and all kind of stuff is going through your head like, you know, really fast and then, and, and they taking you somewhere you don't know. You could hear them talking.


Where did the detail Follow you Now? No. Yeah, they follow me. Detail. Follow you. They came one of the detail, got in a separate car and drove behind them and got and went to where I was going. But ultimately, like you don't know where they taking, I'm not going to the county jail. Am I going to Bergen County? That's just county. What's going on? And where they gonna put me at when I get in the county jail? Emini here. That's the things I was thinking about. Right? Then when I got to the place, I'm like, what is this place Emini here? What are they gonna do? Do anybody know I'm here? Right. And right. All of those things are going through your head. So yeah, Emini here. Fear gets in your, in your heart and you just pray that, you know, fear don't turn you into a coward. There you go. Well, we appreciate you for joining us. And I, I'm sure you know you'll be back up here before the, the the race actually happens.


And what date is that? June of June. 10th. 10th. June 10th. That's right. Well, ladies and gentlemen, mayor Ross Baraka, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Here's a tip from iHeartRadio Earth to help protect our planet. Nearly 30% of household water goes to lawn and garden care. To save money on your summer water bill. Try using a rain barrel to collect and store water for when you need it most and provide an ample supply of water for gardens, flower pots, and car washing, brought to you by iHeartRadio Earth and the National Environmental Education Foundation. To find more tips for smarter sustainable living or to take action in your own community, visit iheartradio.com/earth.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue books kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota Let's go places.


Amy Robot and TJ Holmes. Here, Diddy's former protege television personality, Danity King alum Aubrey O'Day joins us to provide a unique perspective on the trial that has captivated the attention of the nation. It wasn't all bad, but I don't know that any of the good was real. I went through things there. Listen to Amy and TJ Presents Aubrey O'Day covering the Diddy trial on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your


podcasts. Hey, it's Jay Shetty and I'm bringing my first ever on purpose live tour to Washington DC on May 21st, presented by Chase Sapphire Reserve. Join me in surprise guests for meaningful and insightful conversations to spark learning, experience, growth, and build real connections. Chase Sapphire Reserve card members can redeem their chase ultimate rewards points for VIP packages. To meet me before the show or visit Chase sheddy.me/talk to get your tickets,


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.