
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Check out Pluto TV's, the Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent, both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series. Like Tyler Perry's, sisters in Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet of phone, all for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream. Now pay never. On a serious note, I'm still thinking about that one commercial with Tom Brady and Snoop Dogg. The one where they're hating on each other, but when you actually hear them, the reasons for hating someone or something are just stupid. That commercial stuck with me. There's so much hate in this country and it's got to stop. So join us at iHeart and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out. You can learn more by following at what's Up with Hate. Wake that ass up early In The morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's D-E-J-N-V. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the Building. Yes indeed. He's back. Ladies and gentlemen, Pacman Jones.


Welcome back. Hey, I should just be on this goddamn show, bro. Like, I'm sorry for my, my, my, my my words, but like I'm, you can, I've been here a couple times. You Definitely been here a Couple times. I appreciate y'all for keeping it real. Every time a camera go on your face pack, man or a microphone goes in front of you, you say something. That too. You do the same thing. Do do you do the same thing. That is true. You said that thing. So I took, I I I watch you And I like, oh, okay. I don't think I've ever just straighted up said fuck a person Though. Well, like, you know, you might've. No, I don't think so. Let me think. Ain't nothing Wrong with saying no, ain't nothing wrong with it. But you know, I'm from the bro, I'm from the west side of Atlanta. Fuck Gucci bro. It, it ain't no questions about come in.


What is the problem time coming on. Like what is Problem though with It? Baby ain't got no problem. You know what I'm saying? But I just, I sit and hold a lot of shit in my pocket and then I decide when should I let it out. You know what, Emini here. So I was at a fucked up point in my like life. Like I was really like, like outside when he was, I don't wanna fuck my crib and do all that. But like I Gucci have never made more money than me. Not per year. Like any year that he's been born, that I've been born, he haven't made more money than Me. Is he out here saying that he has or He, well he say he wanna fuck his career and end up like Pacman Jones, but shit on my side, you know what I'm saying?


I ain't talking about 40 music and egg either that time. 10. How long? That's, how long ago was that lyric though? Man? I don know. When was that old? That's what I'm saying. I don't even remember when it was. Why you bring it? Well why did the beef start? Was the beef that Lyric was after the story? I don't really like, I just like Yeah, both from Atlanta. So usually people from Atlanta, when an artist so comes outta Atlanta athletes, they, It's like being from Brooklyn and being from Queens. Queens. There we go. You know what I'm saying? We respect what y'all got going on over there. But like when ain't fucking with that on our side of town, you know what, Emini here. So, but like You haven't seen him, y'all haven't had a conversation. Y'all haven't Actually I got a call the other day about a conversation And I ain't going to air everything out right now, but decent conversation.


But you had a conversation. Decent. And You still up here talking about fuck Gucci. Matt, you still Did you get what I just told you? I did. Alright. You also said you don't fuck with the whole Decatur though. God damn fat man. That's one thing to have beef for one person, but the whole fucking Decatur. What the whole dec It's just That side of town, bro. Like, you just have to like, you like on the west side, like we all kinda like stick together, work with each other. That side over there. Stingy is fucked. They don't even know how to work with each other. You got a couple of 'em. Like, I don't like, it's only probably two people, three people I fuck with in Decatur. That's Big D Ike and Jody.


Hmm? You Right. That's it. Jody. Who? Jody Bree? Nah. Who? Jody. Rapper. Oh, Okay. One 60. Jody. But besides that, nah man, I don't fuck with nothing on the east side Pac Man. You 40 years old. 40 my business bro. I don Bro. Let me be young bro. I don't fit 40 bro. Fuck you talking about. Look at me bro. Hold on. Look at me. Do our motherfuckering look fog? No you don't. You don't look funny. No you don't. And his bag might look fog because it motherfucker heavy right here. You don't 40. I always, I'm outside. Like my life is fucking amazing. And You here for politely, Rob, but you ain't nothing polite about you. You don't think so? You don't think that was polite, Sir? No.


Explain what that is though. How did you, what what, What is politely raw? What is it? So I came up with the politely raw, like, all right. I could be like, not a asshole, but I could just tell it in my way and not cut it speaking up for like the raw, shout it to my team at be on mine the ag. But like my show Pacman Jones show politely raw. It's just me. Like what y'all are fucking, I don't know if y'all politely raw, but y'all are raw. I'm politely raw. I'm not. I'm a little nicer than y'all. I don how you started the first 30 Seconds. You should not even tell You say you're, you're absolutely right. You're absolutely you are all the way raw. You're right, you're right, you're right.


All of all of them. I'm trying to be a better person though. I'm trying to be, but like more boss. You Gotta do your job, bro. Like I always tell people like when I get locked up, I know people gonna talk about me because that's their job to do. Now I get to talk about motherfuckers whether I like they music, whether I like the way they playing or they not playing good. How this play looked, what they did over here in PLL. How was the hockey game like? And I just, I I try to kind of keep it a little different than everybody else. Like I had a good chance to like Pat McAfee's, one of my best friends. His shit is way different. Like, and if you watch Pac show you can tell like, all right, he just got his own little, you know what Emini here, I fuck With it.


Yeah, his own lane, huh? What Especially on n Yeah. Yeah. But like, And I try to take a little bit of what he done put in me or show me I should say, and like doing it my own way and like, I'm 90% right about 90% of the shit that I say. Do You think Stephen A. Smith was right since he has a job to do, was he right to say what he said about Bronny James? And, and how'd you feel about LeBron confronting him about it? Love Brian Gotta confront him. That's his fucking child. What are we talking about bro? Stephen a got a job to do too. I only thing I I I would critique with Stephen A is alright you, you can talk about the play and how you do it, but don't get into the family shit. Like there's no way I would've did.


Now if I would've said all Bernie suck, that's cool, but I don't need to say and your dad, I don't know what he's doing. Got here far. You can't do that because then that goes you ain't really critiquing the play. You critiquing us as a father, father, man. Man, that's the problem. Yeah. I would've smacked the fuck out Steven Smith if he would've said that about my son. Like that's just me, GPR Cool what it is, let's go and take this ride. But I'm Finn I'm finna time I seen him it would've been premeditated. Like I was telling my cousin Earl, I'm like, it wasn't really about what he said about Brandy. It's all the other shit that he said to connect everything. You get what I'm saying? The article wasn't even about Brandy. The article was about what he said about Brun To Bring it to Brandy.


So that's what I think about. I think critiquing this place is not wrong. The way you critique the play is, I think he could have handled that a little better. Like why, why do you even need to throw all the other shit in it? Just say he fucking sucked. Like, but when you start throwing different things in there, then it become personal. Like, like it's a personal vendetta. Steve ain't know what he was doing though. When you talk about you politely raw, you know some, some people gonna be mad at the things that you say too. Now I don't give a fuck. Have you ever confronted somebody about what they said about you Pacman in the meeting? Mr. Nah. 'cause I don't give a fuck. And I, I I respect people like you do your opinion like you do certain, certain things like your opinion.


What you say about me is your opinion bro. I been locked up a hundred times. You done said some shit about me. I ain't never confronted you about apac Emini here. Hey bro, you know you, you could've said this a little. I I I was, I was innocent on that. Did you know that? Like, but that's a part of the game bro. So, but I come from a place where if you ain't being talked about you ain't shit, you irrelevant anyway. Nah, that's Ain't doing nothing. Right. Yeah, I I don't mind nobody talking about me And I like talking shit though. I'm probably one of, I'm smart as fuck devil. What? People really don't know about me. No, I'm dumb. I should say people, I'm dumb.


I got little common sense over Here. One thing you said recently that I do agree with, I agree sports leagues should stop testing for weed 100. What are your Reasons for saying that? I'm saying bro, they give us all these Percocets like I got a fucking script of hydrocodone right now of fucking 150 pills a month. Damn. So you telling me for what? Because I had C3 C four neck surgery. I'm, I'm fucked up. Okay. Like I'm like my body is in a lot of pain. Mm. But what I'm saying is like they rather give me the perks and the hydrocodone and shit and then I can't even smoke weed but I can go ahead and piss on this test before a game with these perks and hydrocodone in me and that that's gonna affect me way more than the fucking weed.


You take a Percocet and all this shit before the game, you might feel a little jittery and shit like that. Nah, that shit gonna have you loop. Nah. Per yeah. Oh yeah. That's a Opioid. Yeah That smoking a joint you Can't even perform on. No, no. Don't Just say that. Don't Just say I know a lot of motherfucking people that perform on perk thirties. On on thirties nigga play a whole game. Damn. Damn. What They mix the perk With nothing. Gatorade What perk 30 and Gatorade. I don't say no names. I swear to God.


I swear to God like I've had, if I say the team, I might You confessing right now you confessing Need they're not in the league no more. It don't matter do you? Yeah I need to see some footage. It doesn't matter because Might still be fucked up but I swear to God but I've seen people take a perk 30 and play a whole game. You wouldn't even know it though. Wouldn't even know it. You Know what's crazy? I wonder did the NFL help you if you get addicted to that shit? Like if you end up getting addicted to perks long after your Career. So this is what I will say though. The NFL will help you if you want to get help. You hear me? Yeah, yeah, Yeah. If you don't want to get help, they ain't stun your ass. They don't even give a fuck. Nah they don't. Dang you was Talking about beating the urine test.


Yeah. Killed you. Giving out some of the Exclusive to people out there. The secrets. Well so now you see everybody talking about, well I never even pitched well how in the hell have just me little, little bitty me come up with a conversation. I was sitting, sitting in the studio with Dion before I did his show and I'm like, Hey Pop. He was like, man, you get over everything but that weed. Huh? I said Boom. And I was just sitting there thinking, I was like, oh, so let me really, I could tell him now I don't fucking play no more. You know what Emini here like, And I was just sitting there right here like how, how we sitting before I went and did the show And I was like, you know I never used my own pitch. He's like, yo, you know D on him.


'cause he like, yeah nigga, I know that how you know. He's like, well shit, you smoking the the whole time. Ain't never tried to hide it. Huh? He was like, bro, you been smoking the whole time. And I was like, oh, okay. And like I sat there And I thought about it for a second And I was like, you know what, let me tell these people like, And I can really tell everything 'cause I ain't want to give everything away. But it's just so funny how trends set and time. I said everybody else say, oh yeah, we did the same thing. Same thing. I heard a lot of good stories though over this last week of how different people did it.


I made me wonder how much does the NFL even care if it's so easy to beat? They beat. But if it's so easy to beat, I I thought they would follow you into the stall and make sure that you all using your own urine. Yeah, they do bro. I bro, you just gotta be, it's, it's, it's all, you know, I, I'll tell you like this, if a nigga go to jail, he can find out how to light a match. Right? Alright. Just think about it like that. Alright? If I'm finna be getting drug tested for 14 fucking years and it's already for what, three years in college? Like, it don't take a rocket scientist to figure this out, but like, all right, I know the piss gotta be warm first and foremost. I know the cups that they're using, I already Googled them.


Boom, I don order These motherfuckers Already. You get what I'm saying? So it's, it's, it's simple though. It ain't really that hard. Just think about it. If you pissing me right now and I'm pissing, boom, you see me piss in the cup, we walk, you ain't really worrying about nothing really after that point, after you see that. And like I had it to the t like I would fucking, so You can't, you can't, you can't go into the So I would, I would, I would Man Pat made me thinking about his own shit and be like, boy that was some bullshit. I can't believe I got You. You advocate, you advocate though that that t advocating shouldn't be tested in any sport though.


Yeah, That's what I'm advocating. But what I'm Thinking, I own like two dispensaries. One of the biggest in Ohio is King City Garden. That's what's up. I'm a part of cookies. I got, I'm a part of a lot of shit that when it comes to wheat, I'm a advocate of wheat. Right. What would you say the benefits are having THC in your system for any athletic Emini here, for any athlete? See I The Benefits for that every, all the other athletes but me, like I deal with posting out stress or bipolar, what is it? Bipolar, Post-traumatic stress. I'm fucked up. Like for real, for real. Like, and I'm, I can admit that that's why I'm at a place where I'm at right now. But like I'd rather smoke than take all of the stuff that they, they trying to prescribe to Me.


Yeah. Like I went to Cleveland Clinic, everybody know this about my life, but every year I go to like a two month rehab and just to like mentally reset my shit from, reset myself from everything else. You know what Emini here. Not like, oh nigga no problem. You know, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. It's basically me cutting every fucking thing off in my life. Ain't fucking like You have a lot going on My tools together. Smart, dealing with Smart. Just get myself together. You know what Emini here? Yeah. So normally I go to McLean Hospital, which is in Boston And I just take that time and then I realize like, damn, shit, shit is way different now.


You got, remember they're prescribing me a lot of shit. Yeah. Like as far as meds. So like, And I'm not really a big med guy. I'm, I'm totally the weed guy on, on all levels. I might take it like a muscle relaxer, some shit like that. But I ain't really into all that other shit. Like, I've always been like that. I ain't never smoked till I got my own back. Like all my niggas was smoking in the hood. I'm like, nah bro, I ain't doing that. 'cause all 'em was bombs. None of 'em made it. And like we had Tyson, remember Tyson, Tyson was the number one player in the country. And two days before signing day they bust the projects.


Nigga got three pounds of weed. Damn. In, in the, in the crib. They take his scholarship. Damn. He was the number 1D tackle in the country, bro. So I always looked at different things like, all right, I'm gonna wait to do that. You know what, Emini here? Yeah. And like going back to the story, why I didn't even know, like my mom, this is how I found out. Like my mom was bipolar. I'm calling, I'm at McClain hospital and the the, the doctor asked me, he's like, man, do you got anybody in your family that's like dealing with bipolar or dealing with anything? I'm like, nah, shit, we already, you know what Emini here. So he's like, call your mom. This is real shit.


I call her. I'm like, ma, you ever deal with bipolar? She's like, yeah, well I been taking that medicine my whole life. Damn. You had no clue. You didn't need know. Damn, you don't wanna let, let me know so I can at least try, try to. That's why I, that's Why I try to jump the line or something. That's why I respect you though man. Because you know, in order to eradicate the stigma around mental health, everybody gotta tell their story. Yeah. Like know we don't tell our stories. We, we won't know. Yeah. My dad was the same way with me. Yeah. When you found out I was dealing with anxiety and depression, now you want tell me that you've been on, you know, 10 to 12 different medications now you wanna tell me you was going to therapy your whole life. Damn. You could have been told me that. And now that I look back at shit, I'm like damn. I had a lot of different triggers now that I know.


But like, I'm like, once I start, once she told me that, I'm like, oh fuck one, I just smacked the hell outta him. You know what Emini here, but like, like it's crazy. Like our community do not talk about Yeah. Mental health. Our community don't talk about when you having a bad day. Our community is all Instagram. Like everybody is rich. Everybody having a great day every day. That is cap is a motherfucker. The white folks bro, they going to send strings. They got doctors. Right. Emini here. It's okay to tell a motherfucker that you ready to jump off a bridge. It's okay to tell a motherfucker, hey I just, I'm going through some shit today. And then like we don't use the resource.


Well we don't, we really don't know about the resources because we so yeah. So like I don't want nobody to know really what I'm going through. 'cause I don't want nobody to look at me different. We just getting around to using the language. Yeah. We just realizing the language now. Crazy. So now we gotta start actually going out there to get some real healing. Yeah. That's why I'm glad when you say that you taking your two bumps sabbatical, that's dope to me. Oh yeah. Gotta do. I do. Every year. Every Year. Regardless of what's going on. Every year. That's, Damn, that's hard. Anything else? Like First two months or Joe? Huh? Therapist. I said anything else? Yeah, I talk to a shrink every day. Sate watch call Him. Right. Every day. Every Day. About to call him now. Damn. He in Vegas. He might be, I normally don't call him till like 10 30. He gonna think something wrong.


Don't call him right now. He gonna think something you Alright. Because that means it's six, It's 6 36 in. He supposed he supposed to answer for, I might be going through something. Right. Let's see if he else say so. Hey this is good. If he don't answer. So What if he going say something? He's the shrink. Shrink's Got shrinks. You shouldn't even go to a strength's got strength. You shouldn't even go to a therapist that don't have a therapist. Right. So it's good. Finish telling us how you passed the, the, the, the weeded test Though. Oh. So yeah. So I would go like boom. Like first of all I figured out the cups. That was the first, that was the smartest thing.


I did the cups. So the cups. 'cause you can't get no cups from everywhere, you know what I'm saying? So I had ordered like Maybe 200 cups. 200 cups. Yeah. Emini here. I like, I had 'em like damn near to the tee. Like same bag, same everything. But before then, I would like have my boy go up there and let him take the, the dude And I would just take the cups. But they caught on it 'cause motherfuckers ain't got nothing about 10, 15 cups in there. You get what I'm saying? So that's how initially I was just going there and take the down like damn they catching onto to that. Let me fucking go order the cups. So by that time I had done figure out the size what the cups was, where they was getting shipped from.


Boom, boom, boom, boom. So I would take the cup. I would already have my piss like in the cup. Go to the steam room, make sure the motherfucker hot. You know what Emini here, because that's the first thing that they check temperature on the temperature. Mm. So if the piss cold It's Bad day. Mm. But like I had it down to a T bro. Like I would go warm my piss up. Boom. Always wear words like jogging pants. I will let him see me piss. I want him to see me piss. You get what I'm saying? But I got some right here for his ass though. You get what I'm saying? So on the way back, it's just a quick flip. Like boom boom. By the time we already there, I'm already there with the other cup and he gotta put the stick on it.


'cause they don't put the stick on it To you. So while we walking, hell yeah. Boom. I'm already Up through that. Okay. You see what I'm saying? And Bro, I made so much. I I ain't tell this program. I made a lot of money doing that. What? Selling piss? Mm No. Helping people pass piss test? Yes. Nice. So why you giving the game away for free now? You can Still know. No, I'm saying like, I ain't giving y'all everything. I ain't telling. They know, they know. Anybody get caught, man, just imagine how many motherfuckers got suspended for weed? Like during our time. Like I playing from fucking 2005. I was the first fucking defensive player pick. I retired in two 19. It's a long motherfucking time to pass the pit test.


I'm talking about, I don't wanna say no names, but I, bro, I've helped And I You wanna tell what you used to charge you nigga? What? What you Charge? What you charge? I What you think I charge, but all right. So we only get pissed one time. Just think about this. A year. One time a year. One time. If you pass it. Okay. All right. What you think that piss worth? 50 to a hundred. Your career. So I'm Thinking a court for 25, 35. 35. 35. They pay what? Next day? 30,000. What? Who, Who That? Six something Baby. Who who who has reached out to you from the league? Anybody else reach out to you from the league after this revelation?


Anybody to say something Like, as far as me? Like Right now? Like we all, because you've been in the media like before now talking about this players. How many people recently called you? Like players? Yo. Yeah, like yo, put me on like, What's up? I'll say like three players. Three. Okay. Like that's playing right now. Yeah. But Did anybody get caught Outta my crew? Yes. No, Nobody. I'm undefeated bro. Oh wow. I'm undefeated. I'm undefeated. No care. And like I had one like close run in Nashville And I won't say the person name but like I end up paying him and like he got a private fucking script, like runway pad for his plane.


I won't say the name, but like, I kind of gave a little bit of weight just then. But like, I was pretty good. I was, I was. But I, I had client cl clientele, I should say He had clientele in the, Now I see why people just did cocaine. Cocaine only be in your system four days. Oh yeah. In the eighties. I see why. That's what they did. Like that's, that's funny you say that. Older the brothers, 90% of them and the other outta a hundred. I would say the other 10% of the white boys. Everybody smoked dope. Like everybody, even the coaches. Mm. I done gave some coaches some weed before, but I ain't gonna say no names, but like couple places I went to, they was smoking heavy.


Have the policies changed? The policies did change, right? They they got, they got a little lighter didn't It? It's a little lighter. It's the same though. It's like, I think what 10% now? It used to be 15%. Yeah. Now you get you. It's basically like, I think if, if you don't smoke walking in right now, you should be good. I didn't fail. Especially if you live in a state that's got it. Legal, recreational. Am I don know. You know how that shit is like it's a private entity. I can't wait this to hear what you gonna be talking about on Politely Raw. This is crazy. Oh yeah. You, you doing political stuff too? 'cause you, you a Trump supporter, right? Yes I am. Okay. And I don't give a fuck who don't like it. Like my opinion is my opinion. Who I like, like I, I was somewhere like two weeks ago and the dude said, man, I seen you with that Trump hat on.


I said, okay, what, what, what, what is your problem? And he just went in on me like he, yeah, he ain't trying to take away social security. I said okay. Oh that's cool. Are you done yet? My opinion is my opinion as far as business wise. I agree with Trump. I got paper. I ain't, and all my folks that, that was in the hood, they good. You got the economy fucked up right now. I'm for fucking me. Huh? You got the economy Fucking right. It's gonna get up. You know that shit gonna get up. You know that shit gonna get up, bro. I don't know. You don't think so? Well, well the last two motherfuckers ain't did shit for you. It was down when they was in this motherfucker too. Oh Listen, I don't, I think I don't believe in none of 'em, but you know, I just think It's gonna get back up. I don't know. I think so. Only reason I say that is 'cause we have 11 recessions in this country.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks the dynamic new exterior styling and immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information. See Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


Before we get back to it, I wanna take a second for our sponsor. Stand up to all the hate now. You know, we joke, we debate, we even push buttons sometimes, but spreading the hate, that's never the right move. There's a difference between keeping it real and just being reckless. Let's do better respect each other and leave the hate out of it. There's no reason to hate. Even in my household. I have six kids And I don't let my children use the word hate. There's no reason to hate on anybody. It's always better to uplift, empower, and make sure that we support. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to all hate. If you see someone getting hate, speak up and call it out. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools there is in this fight. And you can learn more by following at what's up with hate or show your support by posting the blue square emoji and using the hashtag Staying Up to All Hate on Instagram and TikTok,


10 of them have been led by Republicans. Yeah. And the economy does do better when they're Not. When Trump was in there last time though, Hell yeah, we was right there to recession. The only thing that stopped the recession was covid. No, only thing that stopped recession was Trump getting nigga checks. Covid, he gave him the check Covid, but they I don Covid was playing. You see that goddamn getting rid of his ass. Huh? Who? Covid. Oh no. The the motherfuckers Fauci. Yeah. I dunno man. Oh, you don't wanna talk about that? No, I know Emini here. I know I Emini here. I don't know if they rid of So You don't think Fauci put Covid like No. Dropped this shit in here. How you think Covid got here? It leaked from a a, a lab in China. Man. It leaked from motherfucking Fauci.


Yeah, It could have And I could have have been a how Fauci get all that money from that? Could have been, Could it have been a biological warfare? Yes, but it came from a lab in China. The Wuhan Lab. It came from f You think fou Well he was in the crib. Hey bro, He whipped it up. He Made a lot of money off that. I don't know the Test and everything, but it's the Covid test. Really real. I'm just asking y'all. I don't know what real no more about, man. I ain't even gonna lie to you. Oh, we supposed To. Oh no. Like I still like got like six home tests And I swear to God the other day, this is no bullshit like three, four months ago when they was talking about all this shit was coming back, I'm like, you know, I'm just gonna take one of these motherfuckers and see if I got fucking got Covid. Surely shit is come back positive.


I'm like, I'm not even fucking coughing right now. When did you do that? This is like three months ago. Oh. Said come when on my nigga. Why you had to come up and here. Because some, you could be asymptomatic, But no, even, even during Covid, people tested positive and didn't, didn't have symptoms bro. Yeah. So you didn't find, you didn't figure out a way to beat the Covid test. You coulda really made some money with that shit. Did. We would've made killing with that. We say nigga work right now. I understand what you're saying. Okay. You being a Trump supporter, cool. But they, do you agree with all of his policies? No, I don't. Okay. All right. No, I don't. You just came out the business stuff. The taxes stuff. Smart man. Corporate stuff. Yeah. Smart business man. Like I, I I agree that women should have their own rights.


Yeah, I agree with all that. I think some things that Trump say and like me being where I'm at right now, I understand how people can take shit and twist it. And when I say take shit twist, I'm talking about a, B, c news, ccb, CBS and like all that shit is, I hate to say it, but like it's kind of corrupt And I've had a chance to be on the other end. Like I was on fucking ESPN for 60 days when I was around going crazy and shit. Acting a fool. And like, I wouldn't even allow nobody to fucking even look at e ESPN in my house. Like it, it was like a rule.


But like, it was crazy. Like certain things. Now some of it was was true, but a lot of stuff they took and just made they own twists on it. And just to sell papers or just to be in the headlines. And I understand that part 'cause I know how to get clip back. I know what to say. I know what to ask you. I know what to ask you that's gonna say, all right, everybody gonna fucking follow this right here. Mm. So I understand what they doing to a certain extent, some of the shit I can agree with, but like I just don't believe in tearing a person down or that I know is not true.


That's what I'm saying. Like you, you'll see a headline that, oh Pac just, I'm just throwing some shit out there. Pac just beat these folks ass, da da da da. But it didn't even say, oh yeah, well he was approached by da da da da da da. You know what, Emini here and like, it's, it is a gift in the curse, I guess. But That's the one thing I I hate about the media nowadays. You don't know who performing and who being authentic no more. Yeah, because of exactly what you just said. People will say things just to get, 'cause they know it'll make a headline. Yeah. A lot of people doing that. Even I don't, I ain't throwing nobody up under the bus. But like when you start talking about your dick on a show and talking about like you having sex and shit.


That's what I'm saying. Like why would you even say that? Hmm. Only reason you'll say that is because, alright, somebody's gonna clip this in about, oh, he got sex pills or some shit like that. And I ain't saying no names, but y'all know what I'm, I'm, I'm trying to get in the circle, but like certain things I don know motherfuckers sell they, so I guess for anything though, Damn. But what if that really happened to you though? If you, like you talking about when Ojo single was talking about getting the surgery on his penis? Yeah, the penis surgery. I wasn't talking about Chad. Chad my boy. I was talking about, I was talking about it's a lot of people Talking about their dick. That, That that circle though. Yeah, it was, it was you, you caught it. But you ain't catch. Oh shit. Oh, Shannon. Okay, okay. Okay. There you go.


You caught it, but you ain't catch it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Like I just, I don't know, like certain things like, I'm not willing to like what do you get out of telling somebody about what you doing sexually? Depends what the topic is. I don't know the Context. Well, tell me What you mean. I'm asking you a question. You said it depend on The context. Oh yeah. It depends on the topic. On the topic. I don know. Why Would you tell me about what, who you fucking and Emini here? What's your dick look like? Do you Think I don know that? Pause. I got crazy. Me telling you what my dick look like. All right. That's my point. Yeah, yeah. Oh nah, come on. So you think, you think the shat show, the whole live thing you think was all kept?


How you not know you live? Oh, that's what you talking about in particular. Okay. How you not know? You won't live? Okay. Shahe ain't doing all that. They funny. They funny. Okay. You think you think that video was real? Oh no, I I told him he knew he was gonna lie. No, I'm asking you a question. Oh, do I think it was Real? He was trying to run around the question. I'm Not running around with shit, nigga. I'm telling you. I'm I know he knew he was gonna Lie. I'm asking you. No, no. I'm not asking you about the lie part. See, you missing it again. I'm Not missing it. What? Asking Do you think that video was real? Huh? See I don Well lemme ask a better question. What would I don, what reason would he have to fake it?


I don't think he would Fake it. I Don Reason. What reason would he have to fake it? I don what would he be trying, what would he be trying to prove? I don't, yeah, I don't think it was fake. I think that he knew he Was in there. Man. I don know the rumor man. The man been walking around with the little dogs and everything, man. Tight hands There. Oh my God. Y'all, if y'all, if y'all really think, if y'all don't think now, y'all smarter than that man. Don't do that. Shade, shade man, Bro. I love him. But like, come on, let's, let's call it a fade of faith. Come on bro. No bro, Don't do that bro. Don't do that. Do not do that. Fade. Fade. Don't call a fade Afro god. Michelle could fade, fade. Fake what I'm saying. Jesus Christ. I Coulda because we never seen her.


So we not like the fullest Gump like the fullest Gump game. Jesus Christ. What are we talking about? Come on bro. That that to me. That was funny. You Need to go on nightcap. I'd love to see you on nightcap. I've been on that show before. But you Ain't going back. I don on nightcap nigga. That's crazy. No, I they have, they will have me back 'cause I, they know what's up with me like I am. I don't Hot shit. And then viral then they what? But they gonna go viral. I'm gonna tell this what I'm telling you. Yeah. I'm gonna tell him on his own show. Hey, hey, hey. So with that said, do you think the NFL should get rid of the tush push?


Yes. Dang. I do though. Why? The tush push is just like they, they talking about concussions and shit. Like that's, that's immediately immediate impact. Like, you don't like you getting hit in the top of your head. They way down. Hey, even at a short distance like that? Yes. That shit still hurt. Like, Shit, let me and you run. No, let me head butt your ass while you lemme head butt your ass. And you see which one of us have a concussion But it took is like inches, inches after, Bro. But you gotta realize like that's, it's like, it's like it's, Mm. It's it's different. Like I, me personally, I think that shit should be bad. Wow. What, what name Jason talk about all of Jason Kel said it was the most difficult thing he had to do in the league.


Huh? Jason Kel said he was one, one of the most difficult things he had to do in the league. Crazy. Yeah. 'cause he started this, this shit, they started that shit like, shout out to Kelsey. That he a good dude. I used to fucking chirp his ass every fucking game. Oh. Punk ass nigga. Let's go. He'll be looking around. I'm talking to you Sen. Oh, I Thought you said he was saying that to you. Oh my God. Dang. I, I probably would smack shit on him. But I, I was a, me and him have a really good like story from like pre-game and shit. 'cause I was like, mentally I was trying to see like, who can I like fuck with. That's always been like a part of my game as far as football wise. Like I, I'm a big chi And I don't think I've played against nobody that I have in church.


Like all my friends, my, my cousin Rashad Jones played with the Dolphins, never talked to him before a game when I played against him. Hmm. I'm on demon time and I've always been like that. But like Kelsey, Kelsey, he, he talk a lot of shit too. But we had a good little pre-game. What happened? What happened to you after the Jake Paul fight with Tyson? You got arrested. What happened? Some racist ass Mexicans. Racist Mexicans. Yeah. Dang, I should have smacked the fuck outta him. And I ain't even smack him. I still got locked up. That was the bad part about it. So I'm at the Lowe's hotel, which Jerry Jones owned of course.


Which I'm stand up under the, so we, it was after the fight we had the hotel, we in the lobby and shit. And I backed, I backed into like, I was, I'm standing at the bar And I backed up like this And I kind of like, it was a lady and two dudes. And I was like, damn my bad. And the dude was just, he just, he just went Off, went off. So I'm trying to think like niggas you for Real, he was short because you looking down. Yeah. But it was like six of 'em though. So at this time I was down, I was downstairs, just me and my camera dude. So I'm like, oh, they just think this shit here is a joke. Huh. So he just kept going. He chirp, chirp, chirp.


And then, and then like, it just got to a point where I forgot. Like, I was like, all right, I'm finna fucking him up. And when I went to go fuck him up, if you see the video, it was a police officer that was right there. So what's not on the video is I went to grab him. Mm. And I hit the police officer. Like So She locked, they locked me up for like some bullshit. But it is all getting held. Was he going off in his language? Like what? No nigga da this, you can see it in the video. No, he was talking in English. Mm. For you to understand. Yeah. For me to understand.


Yeah. Like and like everybody know. But I on bro, like one thing I do not tolerate though is nothing racist. Like I got a lot of friends that's white Jew. Any color that you can name. But like I went to West Virginia, like 90% of my friends are white. And I hate to say it, I don't like I deal with, but like all my friends, like my friends' friends besides my family, I'll say out of, I'm probably got let's say 60 friends. You Been to two? This biscuit world? Yeah. Man, my boy own that. That's my, our shop. That shit's so good. It is. Huh? I was thinking about that shit this weekend. That's funny. Damn Said you brought that up.


You know What you're talking about. That shit is so listen, this, this is the real truth. My, my best friend Chris Harba. So we went to West Virginia together. I took him from West Virginia. He been with me ever since his dad owned that. Wow. That's funny that you just said That, right? No. 'cause I was in Rhode Island, there's this biscuit spot in Rhode Island called Regardless biscuit. And I was eating, I'm like man, this shit good. I said, this is the best biscuit sandwich I had since tutus back in the day. Yeah. T's good. Like Yeah. That's crazy. Chris Har as is my man, his dad own, own, own. That too. That's funny as fuck that. You Just Say that. That's crazy. Mm. But yeah, so out of 40 friends I'll say I don't even got no friends.


Really? Oh my God. Oh, I got 10 of 'em. There's, there's niggas. Mm. I don't really do friends. I'm so like, I'm different bro. At what point though, even when you, I Didn't realize y'all had Gucci up there, You looking right at you. Oh man. At what point do you say to yourself like, you know what? I gotta back outta these situations 'cause of who I am. Alright bro, you can't just go on everything though. Pac I'm on bullshit time, bro. I'm, I'm Malcolm X bro. I'm not Martin Luther King. That's the best way for me to put it before you ain't playing turns.


I stand with the people. I stand by a certain code And I treat people how I wanna be treated. But like if you want to be on bullshit time, You go back to energy. Got I got time. So respect gotta be, you won't respect it all the times. I get You. Yeah. I've never been nowhere. I've never been nowhere. And they were like, man, this nigga is just so rude. He don't know how to treat people. Never had that situation in my whole entire life. Like I went to school for a special education. So I got a lot of patience. Yeah. So You Say something that I, that I love. You said being sound and stable is more important than money. Yeah. Expand on that. I'm saying like at the end of the day bro, like how much money do you need to be okay?


Like that's just me. That's how I'm thinking. Like, And I been to a point in my life where I'm just like, alright nigga, you get the money, you get the money you need the money. Then you realize like, God damn, you got everything that you want nigga you still ain't happy. That's right. Niggas still miserable. It's a lot of these motherfucking mother, like I ain't trying to shoot numbers out, but I'm talking about billionaires or what, a hundred million. I, me personally, the most money I've probably ever had in my account was probably like 36 million. I ain't gonna tell y'all what I got now, but what I'm saying is I was miserable as fuck like a lot of that time.


And, and like it is have, if it is, it is doing that. But like I'm way more, what's the word? Content and happy with where I'm at now. Like, do I got money? Yeah, of course I aint got money. But like, you gotta find a spot and like, well you content with yourself because at the end of the day, like shit, we all dying. You ain't gonna die with the fucking money. What, what are we gonna do? Like our, our our me personally how I look at it like alright, I need enough to survive. That's first and foremost. So let's put this shit up right here. Alright then I got these kids, let's put this shit up for them. Alright, how much more do I wanna play with or fuck around with?


And like that's how I look at it. And I got some good people that's in my corner, especially investment wise. Like Jerry did a lot for me as far as helping me not worry about tomorrow and have fun today as far as, hey, put this shit up, bro. Put it up, put some of it up at least like, so you can be cool. But I just feel like that money, shit, it is cool. Like, everybody need money. I'm not saying this 'cause pack got money, that's why you saying no, not fucking saying that, but I'm saying is like with, you can have a whatever you want, but like mentally you gotta find you a spot like that's right For You.


Like Having a peace of mind is way better than the, than the money. Would you say you are sound and stable now? Hell Yeah. Okay. Hell yeah. Like It goes in up, it goes up and ups and downs every day though, right? Well I'm saying I have ups and downs. That's why I got a fucking strength that I talk to. You got all these other things that let me know when my triggers are coming. Like I, I love heart And I, And I fucking hate heart. Like it's hard for me to explain like mentally, like how I fucking move around every day. But like, either it is, it, it is on in the off switch. It's either I fuck with you or I love you or I don't fucking like you. Yeah. Yeah. And like, I treat business like that too. Like I'm not doing certain things to make just to make some money.


I ain't, I ain't, I ain't doing that. Like what, what What's the trigger for you? It's a lot. If you in the club first day out. Come on. I'm starting off my day with a plum Of per Oh no, no, I hate y'all. No. Just a lot of Syrup. Come on man. You don't, no music don't trigger me. That's, that's definitely not it. Like I'm way too smart to let a rap song Trigger you. Trigger you. I just, it's just certain shit. Like, I don't like to be touched like, at all. Like, And I don't like being like around a lot of people. So how does that, when in your relationships with women, like, you know, is that when, when you trying to get into it, we gotta talk about touch with women? I'm No, I'm talking about definitely not with women.


Crazy. I don You about serious too. So how does that affect your relationship with don't Be touched by Mexican. I'm Loving and caring bro. Like It's just the Mexicans, you don't like to be touched by any, Only the Mexicans just, I don't like to be fucked with. Yeah. And a lot of times And I could say sometimes like I let my guard down and that's why a lot of times shit happen. Like there's no way I should not be walking around with security. Yeah. Yeah. But you do, huh? Hmm. I don't put that out there. Not even to protect, to protect you from others. Really keep you from doing something I ain't worry about that. I'm worrying about that's what Im saying. Me doing something to somebody else. Right. Because if it get there, I'm, I'm gonna do whatever necessary to the least.


If I, if I got the means of doing it, I shouldn't say this. This is so premeditated. I I would not do it. I should, I shouldn't not have said that. Are you married? Yes I am. Oh nice. Since 2014. Yeah. Beautiful. Nice. That's a long ass time. It's A beautiful time. It's 11 years. It's hard too. Yeah, it's hard. Like it's hard. But the good part about it is you got somebody that really love you. Yep. Like it is unbelievable. Like, 'cause I've done a lot of fucked up things Emini here. Like I was a rock star for like the first, oh she don't mind me saying this like the first three, four years of let's get married.


She was a rock star too. But you evolved. You changed. Huh? You evolved. You changed What you mean by that? Oh boy. Well she's changed. How about that? There you go. She's changed me too. There you Go. I don no. What do you mean by change? You ain't rock. Aint no more. You ain't out here fucking a bunch of other different. Ain't no more. He said, excuse me, You asked me but what, what, what my relationship was? Be politely wrong. You know what I'm saying? What is it? Is it open? Huh? I ain't got nothing. I, this ain't for everybody to know what I got going on, but okay. Okay. Hey my boy. Now you, you see? Hey my boy, my boy. You see how quick you can start talking about sex.


I haven't said anything about sex. If you was, How did you come up with that? With sex? I'm just saying, you asked me. That's how conversation could about It. You asked me, are you still out here? What did you ask me? You just asked me the question. Yeah. Fucking a bunch of girl. I was projecting, I'm sorry that was me the first couple of years of my relationship. But you did blush when I But your white up though. Look, Ain't black man. Put this out there. I wouldn't, I would never wild ever. Like, And I, I've been around a lot of chicks and shit, but like, as far as me being with another chick, nah. As far as me taking ke, nah. Like she done been through so much shit with me. Like she deserve everything.


Wow. I don't like, I don't own shit. She own everything. Like I give her everything basically. Like, and that's just me because when I was going through all my shit, it was one motherfucker that was there with me on them lonely ass days. That was like, all right motherfucker, you okay? I'm like, oh, I'm really not, but okay. And she stuck with me through, she brought, she, bro, Tish might be the strongest woman I'm talking about, including my fucking mama. Like, she more stronger than my mom if I'm willing to say that. Yeah. She deserve it back. And I, I enjoy myself if you was asking me that question, but like I know I, I ain't, I ain't, ain't not. Now I'm getting shit from me besides her.


That's what it is. Like I, Hey bro, I need a hun. Yeah. A hundred thousand right now. But like no, she is, she is she fucking undefeated bro. Like, and the way she's dealt with all the shit that we've been through, I'm talking about like we damn, she, she a soldier. Y'all got kids together. I'm very thankful for her. Yeah, I will say that. Got kids all that. Yeah, we got, well Zia's, my oldest daughter, she and Mississippi State, shout out. Nah, she just ran in the SEC championship the other day at Texas a and m. And then I got Trinity and Junie, which is by Tisch.


But yeah, all my kids are fucking unbelievable. You just got an offer from Dion? Yeah. Junior. Congratulations. Junior amazing bro. Like he is he one of one bro? Like this kid is fucking running 13 flat in a hundred at seven years old. Like this shit unheard of. Wow. Your boys act like you. Oh God. He's not, I wouldn't say he, he like, well they don't act like me because they don't come from where I, I'm from the, the slum of the slump. This motherfuckers got 10, six bathrooms in this fucking house. 19,000 square feet and end pool. So he better not act like the way I acted, but he have certain characters I shall say that I got.


He's competitive as fuck. Yeah. Competitive. And I'm talking about anybody. And the other day we was shooting basketball and we go to the little place up here by the house and we play like on Tuesdays and Thursday and like he's crying if we lose the game. I'm like, bro, these kids are 18, 19-year-old. You are the youngest fucking kid out here. Wow. But Dad, you ain't even pass me. I'm like, bro, are you serious right now? He loves football so he un he understand like that competitive, competitive spirit. And like I always say that shit like if you grew up in it, you get to skip the line. Like people talk shit about shado like bro, what are we talking about bro?


What are we talking about? Yeah. His fucking daddy was playing a football game. Damn right. And a goddamn baseball game. Damn. Right. In the same day and put out goddamn a song. Like yes this kid have different characteristics than other fucking kids. Because guess what? He know what it take to get there. He know the preparation. 'cause guess what? He fucking sitting there watching his daddy do the whole, whole rollercoaster. Yeah, that's right. And I hate when people like try to shame some of the kids that dad made it. Most of the kids that come from, I'm talking about like when your father's in your life, I shall say, but like that come from watching or being brought up in that are unbelievable.


I'm all for black nepotism. Yeah, me too. And I And I, shit They all, all White folks do it all the time. Guess what? The owner of the Bengals, his niece, they granddaughter, guess what? She is the vp. That's right. She 9, 20, 23 years old. Jerry Jones, Jerry Jones, Every grandson in there. That's right, that's right. Like so, But Jerry Jones whole family own half of the half Everybody. Yeah. They all Got a percentage. Everybody not matter Is crazy. So then how Do you feel about Michael Jordan's son? I gotta go. People like that. I know. You definitely gotta go get my son. Alright, You man till take about to Rap anyway. Michael Jordan's son. Just tell me like Marcus Jordan Was it, was it? I like Marcus. I heard he just got caught up with some bullshit.


I heard. But I like him. I love Marcus. I've had the chance to go on trips and chill with him. He's unbelievable to me. Nice. You won't hear me say nothing bad about That. Okay, well great. No, my people What, what I respect too though, man is just, you know, you, you, you speak about Chris, but that's your adoptive son. So that says a lot about you. The fact that you was able to keep him where he keep him motivated to get where he needed to be. Yeah. Culture bro. Like once they see you getting up at 6 30, 5 30 in the morning, going through your regular routine, when you really, I don't have to work out. I get up to do what I like to do just because it's, it's, it's, it's, it's just in me. And I think when you got kids and shit that's watching you every morning seeing different things, it's easy for you to put it into him.


You get what I'm saying? Because Oh yeah. You see me doing the work, you know, I don't have no problem with doing the work And I will work out with you if I need to, but like, I think it's, it is, it's been a good, good ride, bro. Watch and see what he'd be. The number one pick of Draft. He, he, he going Ohio State, right? He's committed to Ohio State. Mm Oh, he end up with Dion in Colorado. That's his choice. Pacman Jones. The politely raw show on BET. No on bet on online's. YouTube on Bet on online's YouTube, man. Yeah. Shout out to Bet on online. We need a bag, another bag. This bag for the kids. Not familiar. It's The Breakfast Club.


Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club


Ever wake up feeling lousy, knowing something is off with your body. You don't have time for guesswork. You need volume. Forget all the generic health fads. Ome doesn't tell you what you wanna hear. It tells you what's actually going on inside your body. By analyzing your gut microbiome, Viome delivers a custom health plan that's as unique as your DNA. It's science, not nonsense. Want energy? What Better digestion. OME has your back. Stop trusting amateurs. Go to ome.com for a personalized gut professional. Now call Star, star Gut to get $110 off any test. That's star, star 4 8 8 to receive a link to the offer.


Hey everybody, it's your favorite play cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning show. You know, the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get a tundra. With available I force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Experience vibrant senior living with award-winning services at BrightView Senior Living Communities at BrightView, our residents enjoy resort style amenities, daily programs, exciting social and cultural events, and delicious chef prepared meals. But that's not all BrightView. Residents also enjoy complimentary transportation, safety, security, and high quality care if needed. BrightView Senior Living Communities. Learn more about the possibilities@brightviewseniorliving.com.


This message comes from Greenlight. Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly. Set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with realtime notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart.