
Listen to me, this is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passion you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door. With Prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you are into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now key Huey Kwan has had the craziest career in Hollywood. He played two of the most iconic movie roles of all time as a kid. First is short round in Indiana Jones in the Temple of Doom, alongside Harrison Ford. And then his data from the Cult Classic De Goonies. Then after a 20 year break from acting, he wins an Academy of Wolf. His performance and everything everywhere, all at once. Well, now Key is finally starring as a leading man in the movie. Love Hurts. The movie is a zag against your typical romantic Valentine's Day Fair Love Hurts, has over the top action, comedy and a ton of heart. It's the perfect choice for date night with a little something for everyone. Love Hurts. Also Stars Academy Award winner Ariana de Bowles and former NFL Running back and Super Bowl champion Marshawn Beast Mode Lynch, who absolutely does his thing in this one. You don't wanna miss this one. Love hurts only in theaters. February 7th,


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system, which speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 Technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Wake that ass up In The morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. One of my favorite brothers on the planet, man. The Brother Jason Wilson. Welcome brother. What's up? Welcome back. I should say. Hey, you doing To meet you? I'm doing well. All is well. What's up brother? You good? I'm blessed brother. How are you? That is a nice beard. You got there. Thank you. Okay. Yeah, I appreciate it. Thank you. No, Please. Jason. Lemme let you see how she did a little shoulder. Cat daddy. Now cat ladies be loving Jason Wilson. I'll never see that You Crazy. I'm saying they always be texting me like you know Jason. I'm like, man, that man is happily married.


Calm down. I never see any of that. So Not supposed to. Yeah, that's good. Yeah's good. That's good. Yeah, Man. But how are you though? I'm Doing well, man. Fought the flu and sinus infection. I was bedridden like for six or seven days. Oh wow. At the beginning of the year. Couldn't work out, couldn't do anything. And just had to allow my body to heal and practice what I preach and just rest and stop allowing my life to be centered around what I gotta do, you know? Well that's interesting. Your new book is called Demand. The Moment Demands Master The 10 Characteristics of the Comprehensive Man. So what the, the start of the year right? Start of the year, you know, that's a, a reset for a lot of people. But you started the year, you know, in in Sick for six, seven days.


So you that's of reset. Yeah. You had to be completely still. What did you realize in that moment? I realized, you know, that, you know, as men, you know, we can't keep our foot to the throttle. You know, we stay in first gear of manhood, which I call just the masculine mode, which gets us from stop to start. But if we stay in that gear, we're gonna burn the clutch out. And in the process, I believe I was burning my life clutch out, just working really hard on this book and other things. And so it gave me a lot of time to sit with the most high and just meditate on allowing myself to just be instead of performing. Yeah. And that's what so many men struggle with just living performance based lives and it's taken us out, you know.


But they gave me time to reflect. And then, you know what's crazy, I had to beat Sister b Simone, which they call her like my daughter now. I had to do her podcast and the Holy Spirit was like, I need you. You're going to be weak, but you gotta go. I got something you gotta tell her. And so I barely could make the flight. I wanted to make sure I wasn't contagious. Went down to the podcast brother and my sister. Within a matter of maybe 20 minutes, the interview shifted from that to her. Mm. And I was able to answer one of her prayers. But if I wasn't weak, 'cause I'm like, man, why, why would I get sick in this time when I need to promote this message most? I was like, I needed you weak for my daughter because if you're strong, you may not be broken enough for me to speak to you and to speak the words I need to say to her.


Mm mm The episode ended with us praying and it was very powerful. But that weakness allowed me to be the man in that moment for her. You know? And a lot of times as man, we miss those moments because we feel we have to be perpetually strong, which we know by now with research that is killing us. And so that weakness in that moment was needed. And I'm thankful that I surrender to that so I can be the man in the moment for Be Simone. I'm absolutely grateful that you gotta do that. That's one of my friends. Like, she's always the one who is like spiritually strong for everybody else. Like, she'll hit me out the blue. Like even, you know, she may get just 'cause we connected in that way.


Me, her and pretty Vee you know, a few other people. But she, she's always spiritually strong and the one praying for everybody all the time and just like putting her whatever she got going on to the side to make sure we're all good, you know? So I'm happy that she was able to do That. It was deep, you know, I had shared with her And I had no idea what my daughter was dealing with. Yeah. And I refer to her, my daughter, she's like my daughter's age. Right. But she, and a lot of women I believe who are single, especially if you, your life is renewed in Christ, you feel that you being hidden is that you're not valuable. Yeah. And I had to let her know that no one puts anything in the safe that's not valuable and he's protecting you. And it was a very powerful moment because it liberated her from the lies in her head.


Yeah. And so, yeah, I, I've adopted her, so she's a family now. But yeah, I'm glad I was able to meet that moment for her. Wow. You, you got the book broken down into three parts, dynamic, deeper and devotion. Can you explain the difference? For sure. The dynamic is what we as men are used to fighting. You know, of course we are used to that innately in us to protect. The problem is many of us are fighting the wrong way. Emini here think of how many intellectually gifted men who are incarcerated because, because they couldn't rule their emotions in the moment. The next one, of course is number two, which we tend to just gravitate to, is the provider. You know, providing for our families, making sure they have the care they need, not just the money.


'cause as we know, once you get it, it's not really fulfilling. It's what you do. What is, is your presence really? Is your presence really present? You know, are you really active with your children, your wife and your family and your community? Then I go to the leader. Like many of us want to be leaders, all right? But a lot of us don't lead by example. We lead by intimidation. So I unpack that and then we go to the deeper, which is the lover. I start with the lover characteristic. 'cause many men, we believe love is sex only. And I share an intimate moment with my wife when she had, we had, my wife had five miscarriages. Mm wow. And as a result of our last one, they had to make an incision vertically on her stomach.


And she, you know, as a woman, you become self-conscious of that scar. And so one, even while we were, you know, intimate, the Holy Spirit said, I want you to kiss that scar from the top of it to the bottom. And I allowed myself, because I'm emotionally intelligent and I'm a comprehensive man. You know, sex to me isn't a lot of men. We think about the grounding pound, like MMA, like it's about force, but it's not always about that. It's about sensitivity and connecting. And so when I started kissing the scar, my wife started weeping and crying. And in that moment I was able to allow her to release this self-consciousness, well self-conscious feeling about this scar.


And I just shared where she's always beautiful. But those kisses confirmed that, you know, it wasn't just words in that moment. Then I moved from the lover characteristic to the nurturer. Many of us as men, we believe that being a nurturer is a feminine attribute. First and foremost. Where you're supposed to be human, masculine and feminine, or just adjectives. All right. Being masculine means you exude strength, boldness, and aggression, which we have to have. And so if I'm a nurturer, does that mean I'm feminine? No. The goal for us as humans is to be human, to exercise humanity. Many of the greatest culture are nurturers. Cattle herders farmers are nurturers. Any teacher mentor, you are a nurturer.


You have to nurture to develop anything. And then from the nurture, I go to the gentleman, I, when I discovered I unpacked chivalry, we have been misled to believe that that's a system to pander to women. It's not, it was actually a code of honor for medi medieval knights warriors. And so how do we relinquish that? Relinquish that. Then I go to unpack the alpha male myth. Like there is no battle between two wolves to see who will lead the wolf pack. First and foremost, that study was done on wolves in captivity. What they come to realize is that the leaders or the alphas in this pack were the male and female wolf.


So in essence, in a human sense, the alphas are the husband and wife leading a family. So I tell my brothers, look, if you really want to be an alpha, get married, lead your family, build the community. And that's what it's about. So from the gentleman, I go to the friend, many of us, we say we're friends, but we don't understand really what that mean. Like you say how be Simone, she sacrifices her life. For you guys, you know her time. And I give an example of the Winnie Depo series, you know, where you'll see ior clearly depressed or always in the bad mood or in the funk. Sad. Did his friends say, you toxic? I'm gonna put up a boundary here. I you you, you ruining my energy.


Mm, no, they always accepted him for who he was because they knew he was their friend. And that's what we need. Now in times like this is a friend who will endure all adversity and challenge. So from those characteristics that go to the devotion, the first is the husband. What does it look like to sacrificially love your wife and honor her the way that you want to be honored? And that's where I really take time to help men unpack their emotions and how we allow the way we were raised to prevent us from truly living from our hearts and giving it our all to our wives. You know, we stay guarded and often say brothers, there is no freedom in the facade. And as a man been married 26 years because of the way I grew up, I still have to fight to hold my wife's hand in public or to be romantic because it was like I'm dropping my guard.


Mm. And so that's something I'm still working to improve on. And the last two of course is the father. You know, I can't tell you how many times as a father, I passed down the harshness of my dad onto my own daughter. And as a result of that, you know, we had to go through a lot of therapy, prayer. And a lot of, I'm sorrys for me to say, Hey Lex, I apologize for passing on to you what I got from my dad And I make it better. And so the helping men learn how to parent, not from what we didn't get from our fathers, but give our children what we long for. And the last one, I close with the son characteristic because that's the one that made me into a comprehensive man.


I tell men all the time, if you want to become comprehensive, run to the areas in your life that make you feel, what they would say is, are unmasculine emotions. This world, this society's in dire need of a man's nurturing love our patience. What does long suffering look like from a man? So when I had to care for my mother, she needed more than a protect and provider. She needed someone who would nurture her, who would foul her nails when the caregiver couldn't paint her nails, wash her hair, wash her. And I couldn't do that the way I was. And so I end with that one because it makes, it puts men in positions where we have to be transparent.


How many of us have, you know, family members that are aging parents or children in, in the community that bring out emotions that make you feel weak or sad? Those are, that's, those are not times we run from as men. That's when you, but they will say, man up. That's when you use the masculine attributes. Run towards that. Move past your fears of being transparent or perceived as weak because you may shed the tear or you may shed empathy and be the man you need to be in that moment for those in need. Mm. You are very intentional, like a very intentional person about what you wrote. I imagine that a lot of this was written from your personal experience.


Absolutely. Right. Okay. And and would you feel like the husband part did that? Did, did all of that transpire within like the 26 years? Or, or were you ever married before or, That's a good question. No, I wasn't married before, thankfully. But Emini here, you know, 2015, I think we got married in 1998. So in 2015, my wife And I were considering separation because I was only a masculine male. I could only express my emotions through hitting the table, hitting the refrigerator, raising my voice, lacking the control needed to really communicate with her. And so that's when I realized that I needed some help that I was holding onto a lot of trauma, unresolved anger from my father wound, the death of my, both of my brothers, my best friend.


I could go down the line. And I got tired of allowing that trauma, the time travel and ruin my present blessings. And so the husband chapter, basically, it, it shares how I evolved. But even who I am now, that it's constantly a fight. We married, you know what, Emini here? Yeah. You gotta you gotta make sure your heart is there. I keep a picture of my wife and my phone when she was young, during a time when she was very vulnerable, when she didn't feel things were stable in her own life. And that keeps my heart tender towards her in the moments when we may not get along. And so I also share an analogy of the crayons for men. So we can be prac, have a practical understanding of how, so we are so limited in who we are as men.


We've allowed society to define us. So I use a 64 box of crayons as the amount of emotions women have access to, we actually choose to express. 'cause we both have access to both of them. But we as men, we lock, lock ourselves in the eight box of crayons. And we probably only express four. So when we get frustrated when we're communicating with our women, like, why don't you understand me when my brother, she's expressing Violet, all you got is purple. She's expressing lime. Now you gotta grab a green and a yellow to try to meet the moment. And so I'm encouraging man, like, look, I'm not telling you to relinquish your masculine attributes. 'cause then now you'll be deficient in that era.


You gotta be the lion and the lamb. And so I'm, what I'm telling men is to be human. Express what you feel. All of us as men want to be more available, want to be more transparent, want to be more emotionally open. But we fear being admonished or imp passively dismissed by those that we love. So then we go into suffering and silence, and then that leads to emotional incarceration. Then that leads to suicidal ideations. Mm. And then our wives don't even know what we were dealing with until they planned in our funerals. And so that's why I poured my heart into this book because Emini here had just recently brother, my best close friend called me and said, you know, for the first time he looked at his gun and thought about it.


And so this is what a lot of men are going through. But when you meet him, he's smiling, he's jovial, he's happy. And so it's, what's the saying, don't miss the forest for the trees. I'm telling people, not just our wise, but the brothers who have friends. Don't miss the struggle for the smile. Just 'cause the brother says, I'm good. I'm all right. Doesn't mean that he's good and we should check on each other. I do Have two questions at something you said. One was, you talked about your relationship with your daughter and you said, not sure the term you used. I, I guess you had to apologize or change because what you learned from your father. You were teaching your daughter and you realized it was wrong. What was that?


My father, I had no idea at the time that he had a lot of unresolved anger from the way he was raised in the south. Had to deal with a lot of racism. And he carried that back to Detroit and Emini here. I remember one time brother, he asked me, he, he ran the barbershop. He asked me just simply to cut the air on. I accidentally cut the heat on. I think I may have been 10 years old. He cursed me out in front of, of everybody in the barbershop. Hmm. That right there shattered my confidence as a man. It demeaned me and it, it didn't stop there. He loved me, but he thought giving me gifts,


peace Of the planet. Charlamagne, tha God here. And I just want you to know, if you're not on Amazon Prime, you're seriously missing out. It's not just about the fast free delivery, although let's be real, that's a game changer. It especially was for me this holiday season. Prime is like your personal guide to everything you're into or want to get into. Whether it's binge watching the latest hit on Prime video, you know, listening to your favorite playlist on Amazon music or getting those last minute gifts, which same day, free delivery prime's got you covered. And here's the kicker. Prime isn't just about getting you closer to your passions. It's about helping you discover new ones too. Got a hobby. You're obsessed with Prime fuels it. Trying something new Prime helps you dive deep into whatever's next. It's like me being passionate about mental health. You can order all kinds of books on mental health on Prime. My favorite is the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Prime gets you closer to what really matters. Making all times of the year that much more special. Whether it's screaming your favorite movie or getting that perfect gift delivered the same day, prime makes everything easy and stress free. Whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new total Reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior style immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cab with premium features like wireless. Apple CarPlay and panoramic moonroof make driving and kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks on. One question remains, is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owners manual for important safety information.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. ATT connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there, find out more at State Farm dot com


Would suffice. And it didn't. I needed him to be active in my life, but he couldn't because of all the pain that he'd been through. And so what the, it is called intergenerational trauma where you pass down what you've received. So before I knew it, this anger that he even had toward my mother, he said he, he told my mother one day they had gotten divorced and she had accidentally opened one of his letters, well mailed it, came to the house and here it is, I'm going to middle school. And my mother shows me her gun and her purse. And she says, your father just called and said he's gonna do something to me because I opened his letter. Mm. So here it is. As a young boy trying to focus in class, I gotta think about my mother's life.


Yeah. But that's how much anger my father had. And brother, you know, I hope my transparency frees some brothers listening or watching. It's like, you know, you don't want to create a legacy of wounds. You want to fight and do whatever you can to get healed. Because if not now you're gonna see that same behavior in your children, then you're mad at them. And all they did was become who you were. Mm. That's why I, I think pol apologizing to your kids is so important because that's something that, you know, I feel like I never got from, from my father. And I always say my father raised me outta fear and not love. And I think that's what we gotta avoid doing, raising our kids out of fear. Emini here, we gotta we gotta raise our kids outta love and not, not fear.


The fear of that they might end up, you know, falling victim to the street or end up if we were in the street doing the same thing that we were doing. Like we gotta relinquish that. That's true. I I call it fear-based parenting. You know, my mother was that way, which is understandably I understand why she was, because she just lost a son, you know? And then my other brother from my father, he was murdered. So she, she was terrified that I would die the same way. And because of that fear, she had checked out, you know, meaning the affirmation that you typically get from your mother, the nurturing, I didn't get that. I, my mother loved me. Like everyone who knew, my mother knew she loved me. But I realized in therapy, one session when the therapist asked me, who would get the bandaid when you got hurt?


And I said, I will. My mother would just tell me where it was. And in that moment I realized, man, this is why I'm misusing women. Because I never understood the importance of having my mother, the, the understanding of what nurturing is, the value with the affirmation. And I unpack the mother wound as well in that book. Because many of us, what we're seeking is the love for my mothers and women. And they'll never be able to match what we didn't get. Yeah. And it's unfair to them. And so I had to unpack all of that, brother, because I didn't want to transfer that onto my children. And so I've allowed myself to be more tender in that area.


My son, by far has the best father because I've become the embodiment of what I teach. And so, to your point, yes, it's absolutely important for us as parents to not be fear-based. Especially my son's. He's driving now, why do I have to teach him how to get pulled over by the police? Why am I focused on that? What is that teaching him? Is that really making it better or is it making it worse when he gets pulled over? But those are the things, you know, we have to teach in our community. But at the end of the day, making sure you balance that with some positive reinforcement and to teach them that how to, to live in the moment.


Because when we teach our children, we gotta understand, we're also teaching them how to miss the moment because they're programming themselves. Like, okay, if this happened, this probably gonna happen because that happened to dad, that happened to mom. It's probably gonna happen to me. And so in that moment, if they're not open to, to be able to, to meet the moment and do what's necessary, they may fail in that moment. And I know you're, oh, one last question. You talk about turning it off, right? And this is important 'cause I see it with Jess, I see it with myself And I see it with a lot of other brothers. Talk about the importance of turning it off. Right. I think we, we come from a place where we had to get it right. And if you listen to Jess's story, just tell you times where the, the, the lights were off.


And so I know for herself it's, it's hard to turn things down now because you never want to go back to that place. I feel the same way. And a lot of my friends around me feel the same way. It's like, we can't stop because you never know when it's over. Mm. So talk about the importance of that because you said, you know, beginning of the year you had to turn it off and for some it's difficult to turn it off. Yeah. Emini here, I seen just recently in the hospital still doing stories because it's like, it's hard to turn this shit off. Mm Mm That's real brother For me, you know, I remember the, the concept of balanced life. We hear that a lot. You know, for me, envy, I live a imbalanced life. So the things that hold the greatest importance must always tip the scale.


So when you live a balanced life, nothing truly claims priority. Ooh. Wow. So for me, it's my, it's of course the most high. My family, my calling, my health. See, when it's leveled, everything gets the same attention. So I tell people, make sure that scale always tips in favor of what matters the most. When I started living that way and stopped living from what I do, stop living from fear again. Not having, I I understand that brother. I stopped worrying about those things and realizing I can only do so much, man. And, and then what's most important is to ask yourself, why am I doing this?


You know, so many of us, especially in the era of social media and how everything is broadcast and content creation, it's like our lives are becoming that instead of, you know, really being authentic. And it's like, no, I'm, I'm in a, I'm pregnant. I don't, I don't have time to do this. And just let people know that. But when we allow society to say, Hey envy, I need you to do this. You demand, you gotta do this and, and promote this. Can you go here man, your life feels like it's not worth living. You know? And I often tell men, you're not tired of living, you're tired of not living. And the same thing with our women. So many of our sisters have to be so strong that they can't even be human either.


They can't cry, they gotta work. Am I right? Yeah. And so as even for them, I'm like, man, I hope we never lose a woman's empathy and love. This world is over when she has to become stoic and hide behind a facade, we can forget about it. And so, you know, my freedom started when I started prioritizing what mattered the most. Everything else I let it, you know, end where it may, but my identity is first in the most high in Christ after that man, my affirmation come from my home man. And so if I could, if I could shut down now, I'm cool. I was, I was sad when Covid was over. 'cause that meant I had to go back to the norm.


I couldn't be with my family all day. Me too. Yep. You see what I'm saying? And so I just tell people to, to live from that. Make sure that don't live a balanced life. Make sure the skill always tips and favor what you love and matters the most. That's right. You got a question? You got Question. I did, I had one more question. Because you seem to, like you, you've done the self work, like to be all of these, to play all of these roles, the husband, the son, the father. But you're, you know, you're still not perfect and you still can fall short at times as well. What happens when, like, you know, if you're mad as a dad one day and you react the wrong way, the, is it ever a point where the husband has to talk to the, the husband you are, have to speak to the father or you have to relate to your kids on a son level because you're somebody's son?


Do you ever merge the roles to, you know what I'm saying, like pull from different places? Oh, absolutely. You can't always operate in the Move. Yeah, I agree with you. No, absolutely. I morphed between all of them. Again, I remember the mental health, mental health mental wealth expo. When the brother asked me, how do you define a man? I said, you can't. And so I have to be anything and everything at any given moment. And so to your point, Charlamagne, you know, I always reconcile Al I tell brothers, we gonna always make mistakes. Mistakes are great teachers. The only worst mistake is the one we don't learn from. And so I always apologize immediately. I try to reconcile and make sure that, you know, the day doesn't end with me and my children being at eyes or even me and my wife.


'cause it's not that deep, you know? And so, yeah, even with my son, you know, when he doesn't want to talk, he's a teenager And I'm concerned, yeah, I don't want to invade his space 'cause he has his own life, but I want to let him know that I'm here for him. So some days I just walk to his room door And I see him laying there, maybe on his phone. And I say, son, do you mind if I just lay down in the room and read, ask for his permission? He typically always say, sure dad And I lay down And I opens the door to a conversation and lets him know that he's very important to me. Not what I do, not who I am in society, but who I am in that home. Yeah. And I prioritize that.


And being the son in that moment to him is giving him what I wanted as a son. Yeah. If my father would've gave me that attention, that affirmation, I probably would be even further in life than I am now. And so I make sure I'm there for him in all aspects that I can. I got two quick questions because I know you gotta go. You removed the word vulnerable from the book completely. Yes. What, what, what words can we use? But number one, why did you do that? And what words can we use just instead of vulnerable? When I discovered that, when I read the dictionary, the word itself means susceptible to harm, danger or even death. And so when you think about being in a vulnerable situation, or you hear it on the news, vulnerable citizens were defenseless against a gunman.


No good man ever wants to be vulnerable. I don't want my wife, my children, anyone I love in a vulnerable position. So what we're trying to tell men is to be emotionally open, to be transparent with how you feel. And and that way is, it is a doorway to you becoming more human, becoming more of a verbal process and emotionally, emotionally intelligent. And that's why I took the word out. That's why it's so hard for us as brothers to say it. 'cause it goes against the way we were created as men. We don't want anyone that we love to be in a vulnerable position. However, what is hindering us as men is that we're not emotionally open with those who love us. And so as a result of that, we, the suffering and silence piece is really taking us down.


And so I just encouraged by being the example of being transparent and emotionally open and showing my man that just because you can express how you feel doesn't mean you'll be taken advantage of. And if someone misuses your emotions, be thankful. Now you know who's in front of you and you got a decision to make. You Know, my last question because I love, I love when you talk about, you know, your relationship with your wife And I saw a video where you said, happy wife, happy life isn't about love. What is it about them? Well, you know, it, it never was a term of endearment. We know that as men, it was a way, you know, what was it saying, you know, give her what she want, keep her mouth shut so you can have peace. All right.


And now women are realizing this is not a happy life for neither of us. And so I call it a misleading mantra brother. And there's a, it is another one too. If you're out with your wife, this happened to me a few times. I am addressed as the lesser half and she's the better half. So I had no idea until I was meeting with a psychologist. Well, no, a psychotherapist of what that does to a man's mind that you are the lesser have and the resentment that silently builds within your heart. And so I, my wife And I vowed not to use that mantra ever. So instead Nicole And I say happy houses, happy spouses. And it, it takes for both of us to meet the moment in marriage together.


Every moment. We're always willing to cross the line. If she's not doing well mentally, emotionally, I have to cross the line. If I'm falling short, like you were saying, Jess, she crosses the line. And that's why our marriage is, we call it a beautiful struggle. We're pushing through, we won't give up on each other. And the biggest game changer was when we both decided that we know we're not intentionally hurting each other. There has to be just some miscommunication and let's be patient and work through it. And we're going on 27 years this year and 33 years together. Amazing. Wow. Yeah. Thank you brother. Well let you have it. Pick up the new book out now.


Jason Cat, daddy Wilson, The Man The Moment Demands ain't no cat daddy, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club,


The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime video and Amazon music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


This is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years. From developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with a superior lineup of in stock SUVs, including the Adventure Ready, RAV4 and capable, affordable Corolla cross, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit via toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Residents at BrightView, senior living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dul Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior, independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


Hi, I'm Arturo Castro and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse, and now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes, a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, and Joseph Gordon Levitt. I love storytelling And I love you. So I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.