
Black Tech Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities.


That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


What does a therapist do when her family is the one who needs a little help? Seek therapy? Of course, don't miss the new season of the Hulu Comedy Unprisoned starring Carrie Washington and Delaware Lindo with a father out of prison. A son with growing anxiety and a therapy practice in serious trouble. Kerry Washington's page needs to pull our family back together by any means necessary. Get ready for a new season of raw comedy and heartfelt connection on Unpr. All episodes are now streaming only on Hulu.


At public.com. You can invest in stocks, options, bonds, crypto, and more. Plus, you can earn an industry leading 5.1% a PY on your cash while you're at it. So why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all? Invest with public a US-based company with award-winning customer support. Meet your new primary portfolio@public.com. All your investing in one place, 5.1% A p is of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing. Member Finra, And. I. PC. Not a bank, not investment advice.


Okay, you say I want some breakfast. Your so-called Boyfriend says we got eggs in the fridge. Obviously. When you say breakfast, you mean McDonald's. Definitely a side eye situation. Bring home the bacon steak patty or others with a BOGO for $1 breakfast only in the app. Limited time only at participating. McDonald's valid once a day must opt into rewards. Visit Micd app for details.


Most deals are barely worth mentioning, but then there's at t's Best deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. You can get it on them when you trade in your eligible smartphone any year, any condition. It's a deal. So good. You'll be shouting from the rooftop. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on. At t. At t connecting changes everything requires Trade-in of Galaxy S note or Z Series. Smartphone Limited Time offer. 256 gigabyte for $0 additional fees. Terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/ Samsung or visit an at t store for details.


Wake that ass up early In the morning. The, Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. We got a special guest in the building. A legend. A icon, man. The Og. Keep sweat, ladies. Gentlemen, welcome. Yes Sir. What up? What up? What up? How y'all doing man? How you feeling man? I'm amazing. I'm great. I'm great. I can't complain Man. Congratulations on receiving the key to the city in Harlem. That's right. Getting that this weekend. About time Harlem. Yeah, about time. I got about time. I got something about time. I got a son baby. How's It feel to be recognized? Oh, it's amazing, man. You know, growing up in Harlem, two blocks away from New Harlem You. know for those that don't know, on 25th Street, four 30 West on 25th Street, Motown, Amsterdam is, it's an amazing feeling.


You know to be recognized and get the key to New York City. I mean, I didn't expect it, but You know. I take it Growing up, did you see anybody receive it? And you was like, damn, I wouldn't mind that. Not really. You know. I've seen You know, not really, but like I just want to make a a, an impact on what I was doing in my music career. I wanted You know the You know, do something that I could look back and say, damn, I did that You know Make it last Forever was 36 years. Somebody said 37, 30, 37. I don't even know. It's, it's been a long time. It's been a long time. I've spoken it into existence. You know. They say you can speak things into existence. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I spoke it into existence.


I guess. Is there anything that, what else has Harlem done? Harlem, I'm sure you've received other accolades from Harlem before, right? Nope. Wow. For real. No, no, no, no, no. And that's why I stay is You know. I never got a Grammy, never got a BET award. Damn. Never got You know. I mean, I guess I don't play the politics. I don't play politics. Well, yeah, You know. You know how that is. You gotta play the politics to get certain things. So You know, I I, I think my, my flowers are coming 'cause I still, I'm, yeah, I'm still able to Headline shows they were able to see like 5, 6, 7, 8,000 people at the shows. Still able to go on tour with people like New Edition and You know, like we did that new edition tour.


Yeah. So I'm still able to do things like that. That's, to me, those are, those are my rewards because I'm still able to do what I've been doing for the, since the eighties. Right. That's how You know awards and accolades don't really mean much. 'cause I would've never, I ain't even think about it. Like in my mind, Keith Sweat is one of the most decorated artists of all time. Right. You know, But You know. I don't You know You can't take that to the bank. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? But You know, like the people You know acknowledged me and the people recognized me as being one of the people that opened doors for a lot of people that came out You know after me. So I don't, I don't, I don't really recognize it. And then I look at all my friends like Tank and Fat Joe and all the people that rock still rock with me and to be there for me when I call him and Johnny You know those, those type of things mean a lot to me Now.


Now 50 Cent wanted me to ask you going to Shreveport in two weeks. He wanted me to ask he, he said ask, ask ki he is he coming to Shreveport or August 10th As 50th. He's showing up August 3rd. 50 Gonna be the key to the city on Saturday And stop writing songs about he going put that nine on You. know what I'm saying? That's my mind though. You know. Like You know I 50 50. I talked to him after the show the other night. So he, he made me laugh 50. Crazy. But that's my mind. I Saw when you posted the video and you had how to Rob playing And, I didn't even think about it 'cause you just only think about all the rappers he was talking about. That's right. Yeah.


But when you first heard that record, what you think, 'cause I don't know if people realize it, that Ke Sweat is really a Screet nigga. That's right. Don't get it to it. That's right. So what did you think when you first heard that record Back in the day? I Said, who this dude was talking about. He going rob me. Well, I mean, back in the day that's, I laughed at it back in the day. 'cause it was You know funny to me. You know at least he said he was going rob me and not do something else. To me. You know what Right. What I'm saying. I mean, so I laughed at it back in the day. So it was funny because when he asked me You know, when he asked me to come to Shreveport, I was like, You know, You know. I always wanna support You know. 'cause I did his other thing and he was in year before that Tycoon. Yeah. Got Tycoon Fest. And that was fly.


So You know. So, so when he asked me to come, I just said, man, I'm gonna zoom this to you. He up, he said, this boy, this boy crazy. He said, he said, what's wrong with these RB niggas? They crying. You know the RB dudes is the one that they fighting. They the one that fight the rappers chill. The RB dudes be fighting. Right. But I left, I left before they started fighting that Tycoon Fest. I went and did what I had to do and left You know. And then I'm seeing Pleasure and all of them getting in the fight. I said, what's wrong with 'em? You know. So You know. So when I did that, he said, what's wrong with these? Y'all used to get them little dust ups back in the day too though. Keith Little Kerfuffles. Yeah, but You know, I, I You know sometimes You know I, I'm one of them people that You know everybody know what it is.


So You know. I don't really have to say too much. You know. I'll be like, all right. It is what it is. You know. Sometimes I just let it just rub off me. I'm gonna let it rub off me and then we'll talk about it when I see you. But half the time I just let stuff rub. But because If, you take everything and run with it You know what I'm saying? You be fighting with everybody You know what I'm saying? So some things you just have to let be. 'cause You know what it is. So I'm not gonna fight with everybody You know. It's like, man, come on, pick and choose your battles. Yeah. I pick and choose. And When you come from a certain environment, it don't be used. Sometimes it be the people around you that Right. And sometimes people just want to You know do stuff because you are at a certain point and they want you to bring them up at to that point. So messing with you, you, you allow them, you, you, they're being brought up to that point because you allowing yourself to get caught up in that ball.


Yeah. You know what I mean? Like, I'm not, if if I'm here and you there, we not, there's no conversation. That's right. Why, why am I even going address what you saying to me? It's, it is not worth it. You when you, you remember the first time you met 50? Yeah. Going through a airport. Going through airport. So, but we was cool going through airport You know. I mean, that's my mind. We ain't got no problems. You know. I mean, period. That's my man game. No issues. Nothing. No, we all good. It's all good. Everything all good? I'm all good with everybody now. All right. And you got a new single Lay You Down and that hit number one on the billboard adult RB airplay chart. Right? How did that Feel? Oh, that felt good. You know, I feel like when I want to come out and get a number one record, I could just come out and do it.


You know everybody don't do that. Key sweat begging stuff. But is RB missing begging? Because You know back in the day, You know people be, you'd be begging for that woman. Come back Baby, baby, please Baby, baby, baby. Please. A lot of people will stay with begging You know because You know I'm still doing what I do. Like I said, I'm still touring crazy. So The Begging Works. All those that that said You know, I'm tired of hearing that begging. But You know, they know who to put on when they want. Some You know, I was thinking we got a lady in the room, so I gotta phrase this the right way. Maybe the PPO was just better in the eighties and nineties. Maybe it was worth begging. It might be. Yeah, I guess, Yeah, I guess, Yeah, I guess don't act Like you ain't ran through generations.


It, It is a different kind of p ppo nowadays. Now lay you down as a love making record too. And we had Tank up here and Tank said he feel like singing about making love is a dying art. Like people don't do it no More. Nah, they don't. You know everything is just, we, I just want to bang and that's it. Bang. And we out banging we out, banging we out. So You know. That's why You know that's why I like, I'm a singing, I'm a, I'm gonna do the foreplay thing and then I'm gonna go ahead and see how far I get me. That's maybe that's why the p PPO is a little different nowadays because everybody just wanna bang. Maybe it's, yeah, no, you got you, you just a good point. You gotta, you gotta like, you curate, right?


Like you got Marinate. It was like marinate. Put it in the refrigerator and let it and let it get to where it need to be. You know what I'm saying? It was like bacon instead of microwave. You gotta bacon and let it get right before you microwave. Man. Maybe y'all need to start pulling some of these young boys to the side and not just have conversations about what they singing about, but the life that you need to lead to even create these kind of records. You know what I mean? Teach them some game. I don't know if they got no game, I man You know that's on them. I ain't got, I ain't teaching them. I ain't teaching them. I ain't losing what I got teaching somebody. You do you think you can, do you think you could live in this era growing up with all the phones, with all the, the social media?


'cause because you, I'm sure you could imagine some of the things you did that nobody else know but you, Hell no. This is too much. Every every as soon as you do something, people know about it. I mean, I'm glad I was, I lived in that era where you could away with certain things. You know everything don't need to be seen and and heard. So I'm glad that I was able to experience that. Now experiencing this And I, I tell my sons, I feel sorry for y'all You know 'cause it was a different day and different times. And, I really feel sorry for, I mean this day and age You know like we had fun back in the day. Like, and like crazy fun. Like, it's like no fun. Really. And not only that, like even when, when you see artists performing before you had to listen, you were into the concert, you were into the show right now.


I mean when you perform, how does it feel when you see everybody, every camera, 8,000 camera phones and You? know what I mean? You seen Busta yell at somebody, the crowd the other day, but like, yo put them camera phones down, just enjoy the moment. Right, right. But You know. I mean that's the damn and time we in Baby. You just can't, it's, it is what it is. You know, life goes on, things go, it's gonna be what they are. I see you about to go back out on tour too, right? Yeah. I gotta get that money. The Sweat Hotel Tour. Right, right. How many days you gonna do? I mean like, I get dates all the time. So it's like, it is mainly it is coming. I can, it, it's fortunate. Like I can do three, four shows a week. So it doesn't bother me with a lot of people can't do that. I can still do that type of thing.


My voice still holds up. So I mean if they give me it doesn't matter. I mean for whoever want to see me, I'm coming. You feel like going out on the road? You, you at the 10 day, the 10 day age of 63. Man, I love going out on the road, man. Yeah. I love showing people like, yo, I love fever. Showing people, showing people up. I mean, I love doing what I do. So You know I definitely want to go out And I definitely love doing what I do. People, when people see me, they don't expect that my, my show is, is as has as much energy. I got 12 dancers, full band You know Do my change on Nobody You. know what I'm saying? Like Sherry Shep said when I go down and do that, drop down and come back up.


Yeah. And, I do all that. I could just still do that. That ain't nothing changed on the sweat. Hotel baby. What about A residency? You ever thought about doing a residency? I, I, I did a residency before I did The Flamingo before You know I did that five years ago. I was at the Flamingo and I mean I was You didn't like it? It is cool. It's like You know. I think You know. It was, it, it just got sort of boring to me because I was in one place one time and all that. It was gamble. Go to Club Gamble, go to club, do the residency so that it kind of got like, man, I'm tired of gambling, I'm tired of being in one spot. So after a while I just wanted to go around the country again. So, but I'm thinking about it depends on where they put me.


I mean, last year I did there I in Vegas was at The Palms. So the, the casino, it has to be the right casino for me to go into a residency. What's your favorite place to be now? As far as in, in Vegas? Just living. Oh. I don't know. I mean I've been in Atlanta so long. You know. So I mean, and where I'm at in Atlanta, I mean I rent in Atlanta. You know, I I built everything in my house that You know I want. So my favorite place to visit is to Atlanta at home. Real talk where? Real talk. I mean I don't really like, I'm an introvert. I don't really like going nowhere You know what I'm saying? I like being home You. know what I'm saying? And I. I, I, I got my room.


Everything is in my one room. My black room. You know my refrigerator make way. Everybody know how I am. It's like yo, I and if once I close that door, that means leave me alone. I won't be bothered by nobody. That's it. Right. You make a lot of love, love songs. Right. Like how deep is your love? I'll give all my love to you. Has Keith Sweat ever truly been in love? Oh yeah. You know a few times You know. But it is what it is. You ever Got your heartbroken? That's the question. Yeah. Hell yeah. Everybody get their heartbroken. I just don't want, I don't want talk about all the time. What the hell, What the hell I wanna share a heartbreak with y'all for. You just put it in music.


Yeah, Put it in music. That's all they need to hear in music. Nowhere else. Leave me alone about my heartbreak. Are you taking care of yourself Man, you look good You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I take care of myself. You making Your doctor's appointments All the time, man. Go all the time. Get my IVs and, and take my IVs. Put that vibe. I do that weekly. You know, get my check. But everybody need to do that. You know, go to the doctor, make sure you good. 'cause you never know You know what I'm saying? You might feel good but might be something going on. I just did my, my You know thing with my heart. You know Ran cardiovascular Test. Yeah. I did all that. Yeah. So I'm good baby. Yeah man. I look at Brothers like you and You know just, just for inspiration. 'cause it's like I you I wanna be here. Yep.


You know. So when I look at somebody in they sixties, still getting it, still looking good, still doing what it is that they love to do. Salute Man, I don't smoke, I don't do all none of that You know what I'm saying? I drink once in a while even though people be saying yo, he drunk on stage. I'm like where y'all get that bullshit from? People Be thinking you be drunk as hell. Like there's a little skit. There's a skit. I do. Yeah. And You know around the third song You know, it's basically you take the, I get my Hennessy And I sing a song. This ain't no t this is Hennessy You. know what I'm saying? So it's a skit. So when I do it, people be like, nigga, I say, what the hell y'all doing? Like if If, you got one person that say something, then everybody going to say it like it's, I say Man, come on, gimme a break. Like the way I look, the way I take care of myself.


Somebody that's drinking all the time don't run You know I run twice a day. They don't do what I do. Come on now, gimme a break with all that. So I just let it be. So now I got T-shirts that stay. This ain't no t that Definitly buy my T-shirts in the front now. Still dating girls half your Age. Yeah, Yeah. You know what I'm saying? That Keep you up. Come on baby. It keep you man what man stuff. Don't start that shit. Here y'all go. Here y'all go. I'm getting ready to get up and leave now Keep out. One time Keith said to me, keep said, he said Charlamagne what I look like dating a woman in my head, man. I said that shit. Yeah lady. I ain't say that shit.


Listen to the East Star and shit. Everybody was ladies, I ain't say that. Don't believe it's mad. Don't believe. Come on. Y'all know I wouldn't talk about y'all like that. Come on, y'all look good too. Come on now, Now you start, you started some of your shows when I seen you and you sampled Drake, the Light Skin, Keith Sweat, right? Have you and Drake chopped it up at No, never. I mean one I saw him once and that was it. You know and You know that was it. Don't lop that either. Yeah, asking. See you getting ready to go somewhere with tattoo too? I know y'all, I I'm gonna cut you all out off at the path. I I don't think a lot of people know about all the business ventures you got going on too, man.


You don't talk about that either. Yeah, we could talk about that. Okay. You got the luxury bags, right? Platinum Status Bags. You got candles by Keith. Right? And you got the Twisted Pie Pizza restaurant in Atlanta. Right. What made you wanna diversify your portfolios? Like Well, You know, when I first got to Atlanta, I opened a restaurant called the Industry You know back in the day that people You know. So I started there, but You know I was the sole owner and You know being the sole owner and me trying to travel


and State Farm Insurance gets it. Representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. State Farm understands and wants to help protect our communities by investing in our future building off the hard work our parents have done before us. We all are looking to create generational wealth so that our families and generations behind us have a better starting point than we did. That begins with financial literacy. State Farm helps fund programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to the educational achievement of black and brown youth. To date participants have been awarded over $11 million in scholarships offers as a direct result of contributions from State Farm at Eating Wall broke. We hear inspiring rags to richest stories on each episode from our guests. But with State Farm you can begin to write your own success story. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there,


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more. In fact, at public dot com's high yield cash account, you could be earning an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees or balance requirements and you can access your cash whenever you want. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance. In other words, you can earn 5.1% a PY with the flexibility and security you deserve. It's time to take your cash out of a traditional savings account. It's time to take advantage of one of the industry's best interest rates. There are no fees, period. And you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance start earning 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C, not a bank see public.com/disclosures for more.


Here's a little secret. Most smartphone deals aren't that exciting, to be honest. They're barely worth mentioning. But then there's at and t and they're best deals. Those are quite exciting. They're the kind of deals that are really worth talking about. Like their deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six with this amazing deal. You can trade in your eligible smartphone for a new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. Any year, any condition the deal's so good, it will have you shouting from the rooftops. So get yourself down to street level and learn how to snag the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six on at and t and maybe grab a ladder on the way home at and t connecting changes everything requires Trade-in of Galaxy S note or Z series Smartphone Limited Time offer 256 gigabytes for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/ Samsung or visit an at t store for details.


Mitre is investing in a massive AI supercomputer to power a new federal AI sandbox with AI's potential to drive transformational advances across industries. MIT's expertise and healthcare, cybersecurity, transportation, finance, climate and national security will be critical. Transform your career while helping solve problems for a safer world. Visit mitre.org/careers. That's MITR e.org/careers.


Constantly making trips to Home Depot. Introducing Drop the app that rewards you for every shopping trip. Earn free gift cards for shopping, download the drop app now and use code Drop three three to get $5 in points


And be on the road. It's too, it's, it's like too much. So You know. Now I got partners with You know Twist the pot Vegan pizza. It's good. Hey yo, Douglasville, you go there and get this food. You ain't gonna want no other food. I promise you man. You know and You know who can do it better than me. Nobody baby, nobody. So now I got that You know, You know I exactly produce movies as well. I saw that The, what's it called? Trouble man coming up. Trouble man coming up. I is a, I'm one of the executive producers, not the executive producer, but I'm working with Darren Henson on something You know and I'm executive producing that with him. What else? I got You know. I've done You know a few things.


Stepmother one two with Chris Stokes, not Alone with Michael Ja, that executive producer. I did a I've been doing quite a few executive producing things on the movie side. When you look back on your whole career, is, is there a key to longevity? Like if somebody was somebody younger than you say, what's the key to longevity? Is there really a key to longevity? Yeah, You know. You know. Well I just don't concentrate on one thing. I got various things I do. You know just in case one thing don't, doesn't work. You know you can fall into another thing. Like y'all know the, y'all know about that. You, you just can't put everything into one situation because If, you do You know if that don't turn out you, you, you kind of messed up. So that's right. So You know I do real estate.


You know all that. I do everything. Anything that I feel like I can be successful at And, I do it. So, because You really don't If you wanted to, you, you, you didn't have to tow, you don't have to toe If. you Don't want to. No, I I mean because You know I play the stock market every morning. You know. So You know I didn't play it this morning but I, I'm up at four o'clock when they open, open over overseas, I'm at watching the pre pre-market open. So like I do that. So I do quite a few things that that keep me at a certain point in my life at this point. But everything I do now I just do for my kids now. Right, right. I mean I'm good right there. So what I do is to make sure that they able to keep the sweat name You.


know growing and flowing You know I'm not, I don't care about You know it ain't about Key Sweat right now. It's about Keith Sweat offspring at this point. So everything I do from going on tour to everything else is about making sure they good. What do you think about You know back in the day growing up, artists never really spoke about politics, right? But now it seems like everybody's looking for an artist to say something about politics. Right? So what's your thoughts on that? I mean, You know, I, I'm not one that speak on politics, You know. 'cause everybody have an opinion as to what they should do. And If you say the wrong thing. They people looking at you like you crazy You know what I'm saying? So when I do my thing, whether I vote or who I vote for, I do it for You know I keep it to myself who I'm doing it blunt. 'cause I just don't, I'm not trying to hear what people opinion about me.


Whether You know I'm at a point, I'm too old for that. I'm not trying to hear all that You. know what I'm saying? It's like If you feel a certain way then You know that's you. If I feel a certain way that's me. But You know people do need to vote. You know I'll say that You know what I'm saying? It because if in order to have change, you have to be one that one to create change. So you don't sit around talking about what somebody else is doing or what somebody else is not doing. If you're not voting boy blank period. You don't Strike me as a person that even cares about other people's opinions. Keith, when, when the last time you even cared what somebody thought? Never. I mean because see, let me say this to you, right, I've learned this right, you can get 85% people that'll say something amazing about you and then 15 that won't, that 15% will bother you.


Yeah. And it's crazy because that 15% will stick out more than that 85 because that's how we are built You. know what I'm saying? So now I get to the point where, man, I don't even let it, I don't even look at it. I don't let it bother me. I just run away for it. But sometimes it's, it, in some ways it has motivated me to even be better. 'cause sometimes them naysayers will make you feel like, okay, let me prove a point. You know what I'm saying? Sometimes that'll give you more, more strength and more energy than all that other positivity that you're getting from other places. So that's how I feel. I I let that be my drive. You know, sometimes I let that negativity be my drive. So that's why I guess I'm still in the gang.


'cause You know you have so many people when I came out that was hating, well yo, he can't sing better than me or he can't do this, he can't do that. It's like, yo, come on. Calm down. Calm down. What I do is what I do. What you do is what you do. And You know what I'm saying? If I win, I win. If, you win, you win. I don't care. You think they was just intimidated? 'cause you was the the The the new hot cat. Most of the time that's what it be. You know most of the time when people come out I I I just, I just, I don't care about what somebody else do You know. But most of the time people are intimidated. You know why he doing this and why I'm not doing it or why is he in that position and why I'm not in that position. You know and I've done the same thing or I look better, I dress better. You know.


That's how You know that's how people are. That's how they think. So You know you just allow them to do what they do and you do what you do and you going win at the end of the day. 'cause You know you can't get caught up in what somebody else is saying. You be man, you'll be a messed up person. So crazy You know that shit will drive you crazy. If, you worry about what this person is saying, what this lady, woman is saying, this person sent over that shit will drive you crazy. Man lady for all that shit. That's Why I like what you said about the 85% and the 15%. Because nowadays with social media, everything's so that 15% will be so magnified And, and and sometimes niggas will just get on on there to talk. Right. Just to fuck with your day. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? It's like they'll see all the positivity you getting and you'll have that one. Oh, I'm just gonna say something to mess up his day.


That's right. You know. That's what it be. You know because they got a fucked up life. That's what, nine times outta 10. That's what it is. Somebody who ain't, who ain't moving the right way or who life is messed up some kind of way, shape or form. You know they wanna bring you into that. They world You know what I'm saying? So, so If you allow 'em to do that, it's going to happen. So how many times do you gotta turn down somebody asking you to perform at their wedding? Yeah, I mean you must get that all the time. A zillion in one. Like Have to. I don't, I mean I, I've done it, but I really don't do weddings. So I've done it for a few people and You know, but I, I get it all the time.


I get it all the time. And You know. Not to say that I don't like to do it, I just don't do it because I don't, I don't, I I do it for certain people and certain people I just say, okay, I'm, I'm done. I don't wanna do that man. Gotcha. When you, when you look at all the streaming services and social media, do you think it's easier for or harder for like talented people to break through? Like as opposed to when you was, when you started? It's easier but the longevity, it's like they're not as, like back in the day when you broke you, you people had knew that you had the talent, people you had to work to build what you had or if they saw you and you wasn't what they thought you were, you was over, it was a wrap.


Nowadays you can make it And I it, it, it doesn't take as much. Not no, no disrespect to the people that's winning on one or two records nowadays. But the work is, is not as hard as it was back in the day to make it You know. Because if I listen, if I came out back in the day with all the social media, I would be selling 50 million albums You know what I'm saying? So nowadays it's like you can come out and win but I don't know if the longevity is as long. It, it, it, you can sustain as long as You know 20 years and that type of stuff coming when people come out the way they come out now nowadays, Do you did somebody said that you got a a unreleased music with Babyface and Teddy Riley?


Like y'all got records in the Stash that y'all never put out? I got records in the Stash that I never put out From that era, from the new Jack Wing era. Wow. Why Not? Because You know I just never put 'em out because I mean I, back in the day I was writing so much You know it's ridiculous how I was how much y'all was writing. I got songs that I was writing. You know people don't know. Before I, I was writing before I even had a hit record. And I used to write for Suture Records with Adam Levy and Morris Levy with the Fat Boys back in the day I used to write songs in 85. You know I got songs online that I went online and started. I was written, wrote and produced before I even had Don't Stop Your Love I Want.


Wow. 'cause You know because back in the day I used to work with GQ You know You know and that was Marley and Suture Records. I did songs, I used to do songs for Suture records and them back in the day. So, so I got You know, I I got tons of records in the past that I'd be listening to 'em be laughing. Oh shit, I wrote this. Oh yeah, You get your publishing royalties for none of that stuff or no, For back in the day. Yeah. And the only song I don't get no nothing. Yeah. So I get back in the day I, I got a check. I, I think, no I don't think I get it for back in the day. You know, I i I don't think I get those for back in, but I get it now for all the songs I've done.


You know since You know I was on entertainment. I get all my stuff from back then. I know I do that for a fact. But songs that I did for Suture, I don't think I get those. No. Why so why, why wouldn't you put out the music that you sitting on like all them like the baby face. Is it Baby Faith and Teddy Riley Or nah nah, no, no, no. I ain't got no song with Baby Faith and Teddy Riley. Oh, okay, okay. Come back. No, no I ain't, I got, he said those oughta put out. No, those oughta put out. Okay. You know I ain't got no songs from Baby. The only song I got with Teddy Riley that was put out was just got paid. But I ain't got, my name ain't on that one so You know that's the one Gene Griffin got me for. But You know, I mean, but me and Teddy wrote it, me and Teddy the only one that wrote that and nobody else wrote that just got paid.


So, but it is what it is. Alright. With with all the accolades and awards You know that you, that you haven't won just getting this key to the city. Make you want to say You know what? Let me keep going. So hopefully these people start honoring me. Well You know respectfully, I'm gonna tell you something. What normally happens, it only takes one to open doors for everything else. That's right. And New Yorkers You know the biggest or one of the biggest cities between New York and la Right. So when people see that, then they be like, all those that don't know about Keith Sweat, now they say, who's this Keith Sweat guy? You? know what I'm saying? You know how that work. Damn. You don't know Keep sweat something wrong. Hey, but You know. Hey, I mean, but You know.


You might know me, but You know You know You know what the problem is. I manage myself. I've been managing myself for the last 25, 30 years. So that, that, that's a strike against me in terms of some people. I'm not signed to no agency. That's another strike. 'cause I got my own agency. But you richer than most artists. No, but, but what I'm saying is You know it's not what You know. It's who You know. Yeah. As You know. So therefore You know the agencies who's connected to certain people. Like this is my, I got this roster verse, I'm, I don't nobody roster You. know what I'm saying? I'm not giving, I'm not, I don't need, I'm not trying to have a middle man You know what I'm saying?


It is like, send me the contract, let me read the contract. Let me and my Lord go over the contract and then boom, I'm not giving you 10 to 15 and I'm, I'm money You know when I could do it myself. Most artists and most people don't wanna do their own work and now they end up getting, so when you lose money, they, they money get taken. You didn't want to do your own work. You didn't want to read, you gave it to somebody else to do it. So You know now when your money come up short, you crying and complain, but because you didn't want to put that extra work in to see where everything was going or who was doing what, that's what happens. But You know you don't know if somebody taking 15, 20, or 25% of your money because you're not on top of your game like that.


So you really don't know. So if my lawyer can't tell me what this piece of paper say, And I can't say, okay, I don't want that. Take that out very line through that. Do this, do that. And then You know then give me now the deal is done. Alright now make sure I they cut that check for that amount of money, how much I gotta pay you for your time. That's it. Boom, we done. That's how it go. That's how life is. That's how it is for me. Or that's how it's been for me. You know that's what, how I'm still rocking like that so I'm not, and that, and those are the reasons why I probably haven't gotten certain things because I don't want You know. But I'm good with getting the check.


That's all. What is SWEATFEST? That's gonna be your festival? Yeah, I did it. I've done it in Montego Bay. Okay. I've done it in Dr last year. Now it's in Cancun this year. It's my, it's my festival. So five days, four nights? Yeah. In, in, in Cancun baby. So, so You know let get them tickets. October the 10th to the 14th. We go. It is going down. I'm performing. Joe is performing. I got a few other people that's on the comedians and everything. It's going down. So we, we doing it big. I'm trying to, I'm trying to get y'all to come on out in the fun in the sun dance You know you coming out right. Oh hey you don't sound like you coming out either.


I figured. I dunno. Lemme just go. But I was gonna tell you, but I was gonna tell you. This is where you should go to Shreveport And then you call Fifth and be like fifth, I done did Shreveport. You come to SWEATFEST. That's a good idea. You wanna represent me on that? Nah, I ain't doing that man. I ain't doing that. Ain't I ain't getting involved in y'all grown man business. What the what the website for SWEATFEST. Excuse me. What is they, what is they SWEATFEST cancun.com SWEATFEST cancun com. I gotta see how this guy, they they, they work for me so I gotta be back in. That's the little one right there. He annoying sometimes. Annoying his shit. So SWEATFEST cancun.com. That's right. All right, keep sweat man. When you get that key to the city this, this weekend. What If you, you coming down to what?


Sweat SWEATFEST Key to City? No, I I'm gonna be outta town. I'm gonna be outta town. What kind of shit is this? What the shit is? I'm Gonna be outta town. You know. See that's that bullshit. I on the roll like you, that's that bullshit right there. You do this shit to me all the time. You Gonna perform at my wedding. Oh shit, you already got married. I was gonna see what you say. That's why you, I know you already got married nigga. I see you on social media. 50 say they giving you Diddy key so they give you the key and they say Diddy on it. What you going to do Keith? What if they got Diddy names scratched out in the sweat on it? What going man, they ain't gonna do no shit like that. I ain't gonna talk about no shit like that man. Why y'all always buying this shit man? I'm drinking my goddamn coffee right now.


Ain't no Hennessy in this shit either. Hen that's Hennessy now. Ain't no Hennessy in this shit man. Y'all but you in the king chair. You over there in this chair? No, he said the back hurt when been in that chair back hurt on that chair. All but, and but, and then I should have been letting never You got you, you shoulda had it thrown for Keith. I told him he had thrown it. He nah, I want no thrown man. You ain't coming to my goddamn key to City him you throne. I'm outta town this week, boy. Boy, oh boy. I outta, I'm outta town Saturday. Oh man, I'm on the road. You got my man. Y'all funny as hell, right? Key Sweats getting the key to the City August Saturday. And they ain't gonna be here because they Bo Valenti.


Listen, you're doing the key sweat mini mix this morning, right? Yes I am. Okay, all right. That's I am. That's what, that's what I'm gonna get. Key sweat. So what the fuck? I'm gonna get a mini me for the key to the city Key sweat y'all. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good boy. Wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club. Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more@public.com. You can earn 5.1% a PY on your cash. No fees, no minimums public.com lets you access your cash whenever and gives you up to 5 million FDIC coverage.


Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing member Finra, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com Com slash disclosures for more. Mitre is investing in a massive AI supercomputer to power a new federal AI sandbox with AI's potential to drive transformational advances across industries. MIT's expertise in healthcare, cybersecurity, transportation, finance, climate, and national security will be critical. Transform your career while helping solve problems for a safer world. Visit mitre.org/careers. That's MITR e.org/careers.


Hi icons, it's Paris Hilton. Check out my new single chasin featuring Megan Trainer out today. Done. I feel so lucky to collaborate with Megan and how perfectly she put my experience into words. Listen to Chazen from my new album, infinite Icon on iHeartRadio or ever you stream music. Don't forget to visit infinite icon.com to pre save my album sponsored by 1111 Media. Hey guys, it is Ryan. I'm not sure if You know this about me, but I'm a bit of a fun fanatic one. I can, I like to work, but I like fun too. And now I can tell you about my favorite place to have fun. Chumba Casino.


They have hundreds of social casino style games to choose from. With new games released each week, you can play for free and each day brings a new chance to collect daily bonuses. So join me in the fun sign up now@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary v GW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms of conditions apply For 25 years. BrightView Senior Living Associates have been committed to creating a vibrant culture and delivering exceptional services, making BrightView a great place to work and live. If you're looking for a rewarding opportunity to serve your local community and grow, we want you to join our team. BrightView Senior Living is growing and actively seeking vibrant associates to join our community teams, including directors, healthcare activities, hospitality and dining.


Apply today at careers dot BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal employment opportunities, text BV Jobs to 9 7 2 1 1 to apply.