
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Have you seen this new commercial from Standup to all Hate? It's Snoop Dogg and Tom Brady spewing hate at each other. But when you really listen to them, the reasons are just so stupid. This one really stopped me. It's a strong reminder that hate in our country continues to be out of control. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out and learn more by following at what's up with hate. Wake that ass up early In the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. We got some special guests with us this morning. We have the founder and CEO of the Lip Ball.


Melissa Butler. Welcome. Hey, and we also have co-founders of Rucker Roots, Dr. Ellen Rucker Sellers And I own Rucker Jameson. Welcome. Good Morning. Morning. Thank you For having us. Thank you so much for having us. No, we, you know, the reason we wanted you here today is because this is all, all this conversation about Target and should folks boycott Target because they rolled back their DEI policies. But then there are people who say we should be doing a buyout and supporting all the black-owned products in Target. And you all have black-owned products in Target. So we wanted to hear from you all. Well thank you. Absolutely. Thank you. Thank you for this opportunity. Thank you for this platform. Yeah. Talk to Mike. Talk to, to Mike. To Mike. Thank you for this opportunity. Thank you for this platform.


You know, I think it's very important for brand owners to have a voice in this because every day we are in there grinding. We have worked so hard to get on the shelf. The shelf space is a covenant space, right? Everybody doesn't get the, the opportunity And, and for a brand to get to shelf space, it's a huge pro. Like a process. Like it doesn't, it takes years. It takes, it takes years. It really does. And to stay there, it's so, it's so hard too. And so I'm so glad that you gave us this platform. 'cause we need our community. We need our community to, you know, galvanize around these black brands because we are fighting the good fight too, right?


So let's take it back. Let's let's it back. Let's go, let's go to the problem. Let's start with, since you you're speaking, let's talk about Rucker Roots, what Rucker Roots is and talk about the process of selling your product. 'cause most people don't know, they don't understand, like you said, they automatically think you have a product, you put it in Walmart and you're good money. Oh no, they don't understand that. You know, it goes from one store and then the region and then from no store. So break it down to what Rucker Roots is, how it started and how you, So for Rucker Roots, we are all natural hair care company. I own it. And I started it in 2015 with the goal of being a household brand. Right? And so we started it in professional salon. So we gave product to, you know, stylists and let them use the product. We had a distributor, then we went to trade shows, which we met Melissa at several trade shows trying to get your product out there.


So you're in front of the consumer and once you get the, the notoriety or the, once you get enough recognition amongst some of these retailers, they come to you and say, Hey, you know, let's talk about coming into retail. And so our first retailer was Sally's Beauty and then Target. And, and after you get one you get more. But you know, in order to stay in those retail stores, you get audited. Basically every year you have a line review. If you're not performing, guess what? Your space is gone. And so when we look at the boycott, I'm not telling people not to boycott.


Like that's not in my spirit, that's not where I come from. You know, Emini here, boycott is part of, you know, our blood lot, right? What I am telling people is you can't forget these black brands that have worked so hard to get there. 'cause it's a long process. And see that's why I think a buyout is good because of what you said. If you know these products are sitting on the shelf and Target and nobody goes in there and buys them. Absolutely. Then what? That, that gives them a reason. Just say, you know what? Get this stuff outta here anyway. And, and honestly isn't that the goal? Absolutely. Isn't that the goal? And that's, that's what we're working Emini here. That's the goal for them. You know, to weed us out, to discourage us to, you know, bring trauma and drama and all the things that, you know, as black women we have, we have to deal with every single day anyway with, oh, can I chime?


Yeah, of course. Go ahead. Ellen And I are sisters and we are from South Carolina. Yes. Fellow Ians at Charlemagne. And we come from a very big family in a very small town where four out 10 people in our town are unbanked or either underbanked. So they don't have the debit cards to shop online. All they have is to go into our local Walmart and get products off the shelves. So that's 40% of our clientele that can't shop online. Now we are not telling you not to shop online because as we all know, we want you to shop online. But you know, we come from a small town where a lot of our clientele can't shop online.


We getting wifi in some of these rural areas couldn't, we couldn't even when Covid hit our hometown, we couldn't even have remote schools because most of the people don't have the energy. Jesus. Yeah. So we want our people to be able to go to the Walmart and pick up our products and, and shop and, And I think more than anything, so throughout this process it's been really disappointing to feel the wrath of our own community. Like I started the lip bar in 2012, literally making lipstick in my kitchen. 'cause I was frustrated with the beauty industry. It's lack of diversity, its successive amounts of chemicals.


But I really wanted to center black women. And I've been doing that for 12 years. Like 12 years I've been standing up for black women saying, Hey, you are enough. Hey, I am creating products for you. Hey, I'm making sure that I am building our self-esteem collectively. And so when this happens, I want our community to know that like we are disappointed too. Absolutely. Like we're upset, upset, absolutely upset with, with Target and Walmart and Google and all of these companies that have shut down their DEI. But to ask us to remove our products from retail, it's unrealistic because what does that look like for most black businesses?


It looks like us shutting down our actual businesses. So you ask like, how does it work to get into retail? Well how it works is we buy inventory upfront months in advance. Almost, almost a year in advance. Explain Everyth to me. So, so this, when you think about retail, Tell mic, pull the mic up just a little so I can hear you. Yep. When you think about retail, it's kind of a crazy thing. Like we buy products to sit on shelf just in case you want it. Right. Which means that we are, we are having to outlay capital at the forefront for thousands, hundreds of thousands of dollars and thousands of units.


So that if you go into your local target, Walmart, CVS, it is available for you. You basically front and target the brick. Yeah, Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Is there a minimum on that? Like amount of inventory you have? It depends on, it depends on how many doors you're in. Some stores do have that. Yeah, it's a large amount and they don't give you money to up it and they don't give you money to up it. So you have to buy that inventory. But you don't get paid on that inventory for sometimes eight months, you know, a, a year depending on when you set. And then once they place the order, you can have terms that are net 60, net 90. So like black owned brands are waiting on their finances to come through. We can't just pull our products from Target.


We're in, we're in contracts with them. We are for the most part dependent on retailers to ensure that we have the visibility and to make sure that we have the turns. Now some people will say like, oh well just, you know, make sure they shop@your.com y'all in 2020 when black people, when it was a trend to shop black businesses. Yeah, we all benefited. We all benefited. It felt good. We were living in the money. We, we hired more people, we bought more I inventory inventory. And then guess what? It wasn't in vogue to to shop black anymore. So I want us to remember the, the buying power of black businesses.


Sure. If you wanna boycott boycott because like there is so much power in our dollars, but at the end of the day, we have to be intentional about our shopping to make sure that our dollars are going back to our communities. Yeah. Because guess what? Black people hire black people. Yeah. Like my team is 75% black, my team is 100% women. I'm investing in my community. I gave $35,000 in grants to black women last year. So it's like these are, this is what black businesses are doing. So the minute you decide that shopping black is a trend, it negatively impacts us. The minute you decide that you won't shop in the stores that carry our products, it will impact us. Absolutely. Now we're not here to say you should shop and in these retailers, if you feel disrespected, you have the ability and the right to take your dollars wherever you are most comfortable.


But to your point, don't forget about us, forget about us. Please do in fact go to our.com. Exactly. And honestly, if you think about the amount of money that is spent, black people spend on beauty brands, it's like $9.4 billion. Right. And as a brand founder, we get about a small percentage of that. Like 2.5% is spent with, you know, black brands think about our community and if all that $9.4 billion went to these black brands That's right. Then we and what we can do. And then we could have our own targets. And so that's the thing that, you know, we need to, I think that we need to, you know, I know that there's a boycott.


I'm not telling people not to boycott, I understand that. But I think we have to switch our mindset to, hey, you know, we haven't been, you know, shopping fully with these black brands all along. How about, you know, we flood, flood their spaces, flood, you know, stop, stop buying any other brand and just buy black the power in that. Yeah. 'cause the reality is, and you know, when, when all of this first started happening, I didn't even know that Target had all of these black brands. Oh, oh, absolutely. So that's, to me that's a good thing to, to have the awareness. But now what do we do with that awareness? Absolutely. And when women, And I feel like girls who follow beauty, like I remember when you got into Target And I remember being like, oh my God, like that's so lit now I can, I don't have to go and like scavenger hunt for her.


So it's unfortunate when the, I remember when Tabitha Brown got into Target, like we kind of celebrated because it is the platform. But at the same time there is some weird stuff because like I, I heard, I saw a report that one of the brands said that they found out when we found out that that, that the d ei, oh We, we all found out That don't make y'all feel way, They Didn't inform y'all. No emails Went out or nothing, nothing, nothing. And so now we're just on the front lines fighting for our lives on social media. 'cause people are are coming at us as if we did it as if we created it. So no, we, we did not have a heads up. That was very unfortunate. But I will say like myself, people like Tabitha Brown, people like beef from Honeypot, we have been having constant conversation with Target about the impacts, about their responsibility in the matter and frankly pushing them on, on what they need to do next.


And so just know that just because like we are online and we're still selling our products, that does not mean that in the background we are not fighting the good fight within the retailer. Because at the end of the day, like I know people are upset with, with Target and Walmart, but like we actually have skin in the game, right? Like, yeah, you need to find a new place to, to shop your toilet paper. But we are actually in business with them, so of course we're upset, we are more upset with these retailers for for blindsiding us and for frankly not being clear on what this actually means. Now that being said, all of those brands for for the most part shopped or or launched in, in Target before DEI was this three letter trend word, like going back to like dark and lovely, they've been pushing and building small black owned businesses.


So as far as I know they can continue, they will continue to do that. But the reality is we are, we are witnessing an attack of DEI we are witnessing an attack from the government on DEI. So like how, how are we all supposed to manage that? Are we supposed to shut down our Gmails? I was gonna ask, did DEI get your products in there? Did they give y'all the opportunity to get in there? No, no, No, no. We got into retail because we were a strong brand right Now do you know some of the buyers look like us and they appreciate, you know, representation. Absolutely. You know, some of the buyers that we have met with, you know, with some of our retailers, they are African American buyers.


And that's so important too to make sure that, you know, we, you know, have those people in those positions so that they can bring in brands like us and understand the importance. But if you look at how much African Americans spend Emini here, there is, These retailers are all in the money making business, right? And we spend money. So it's, Yeah, It's a business. We don't foresee our, our brands going in Emini here. You know, we don't, they wanna make money and our, our consumers spend the most money. That's just facts. So I just Really Yep. Black women spend nine times our white counterparts on beauty products. Absolutely. And so obviously there's a difference in a black woman's hair and a white woman's hair in terms of makeup, aside from color theory and a brand caring enough to actually have a wide range of colors.


There's no, there's no real difference. And so my buying team is actually not women of color. They've never been women of color. And so I think that speaks to the idea that like to your point, they're in the money business. Like everybody here is trying to fill a gap. Everyone is trying to figure out how do I get more customers to shop our products. And this is what where, you know, if you have a Rucker roots, if you have a lip bar and you understand that this can bring a different customer, you have an advantage. Advantage. And so we all have strong businesses, we all have strong brands, we have strong followings and that's how we've been able to stay in retail this long. Yes. You know, last time I got hand on your products Melissa, we was at the DNC convention and Governor Gretchen with Me, oh my god.


Big Bunch of products love her just to give, give me and Angela, I and who else was it? Tiffany Cross, like, just gave us all products at the table. It's clearly not just black Women. I love, so I, I am from Detroit. Detroit is a big part of my resilience and my grit and like she has stood up for, for Michigan in a big way. And so she's one of those people where it's like if she decided tomorrow that she can't use the word DEI anymore, I'm not gonna say like, oh you know, she, she not about the people because it's like she has shown me over the years that she is showing up. But we, we love us some big rich, I wanna expound on that.


Right. 'cause somebody told me, And I don't know if that's true, they said Target didn't actually roll back their initiative, they just changed the name. Is that true? I think that a lot of these corporations are scared to get sued by the government. Right. I think that's what they are nervous about. You know, this new administration coming in and making all these changes and, and the war on diversity, equity, inclusion. And they're scared to get sued if they put it out there. And I know, you know, just this week we just, we just shipped huge orders to you know, one of our retailers. Really? Yeah, we we're, we've had we've The major expansion. Yeah. We Just, but you know, that has been in the plan for a long time like Melissa spoke to earlier, it's not like a overnight thing.


Right. But of course they could have gone in and canceled those orders. They could have not sent them to us because that is their prerogative too, to not send the purchase orders. But we are in the process of shipping tons of inventory to one of these major retailers that have come out and said that they are against the diversity equity inclusion. Oh. So they doubled down on their DEI So they're like, send us your stuff Basically. No, they are part of the diver. They they have roll back diversity equity education. Oh, gotcha, gotcha, gotcha. But we are getting huge purchase orders From the product is moving. So they, they can't do, But we need the people to go into the stores and purchase the product. What's the store? Can We say the store Names?


Walmart. Walmart. Walmart. Walmart. Okay. Okay. Yeah. And, and same, same on the target front. So like we've had conversations and we're like, what does this mean for our brand? Because like, you know, it's, it's crazy to the idea of like being so outspoken on this without going to target themselves. Like we, we wanna go straight to the source so we like, yo, what's up? Yeah. What does this mean? That was the first thing. What does Mean for our brands? And they're like, this means nothing for your brand. We've seen this product. Exactly. We'll continue to invest in your brand and we've seen purchase orders, you know, that were, that were larger than usual. Yeah. But not because like they feel bad because the, the products are moving.


Right. Right. Like we're known for our lip colors. Like we've been doing this for 12 years and we continue to grow year over year. And so that retailer is going to see that and they're gonna continue to double down. They're not, they're not just kicking all the black brands out. I just wanna be clear about that. Exactly. But I wonder if that's because of the buy they're calling it a Buycott because there's some people who are like, no, I'm gonna go in these stores and I'm gonna, I'm gonna buy all the black products. I may not, you know, buy anything else, but I'm gonna go buy the black products. I wonder. And we want you to do that. Absolutely. And and we're not telling, I'm like, we're not here to tell you where to shop. We're here to tell like, ask you to shop with us. You know, we're not telling you Oh buy black to to, yeah.


To we're not telling you not to go into Target or telling People the effects of what it Does to your business. Absolutely. Yeah. Absolutely. Exactly. It was something, 'cause Tamika Mallory was here and she was saying that, you know, when people go to these stores, sometimes they forget, like, you know, they'll go to get, They might go get the lip bar, they might go get Ruckus and they Exactly toilet dollars, Grab some toilet paper. That's the reason they do it. But people don't, you know, understand the effects of people who are, you know, have businesses in Target or Walmart or Sam's Clubs or Costco that it affects. So what do you tell those people? Like so you tell 'em, look, we understand the boycott, but you gotta, you gotta, you gotta understand that we're supporting so many of our community and we gotta make this happen. Gotta make this work somehow some way. I tell them, shop wherever you decide to shop, but shop black, shop with us.


We, you know, we want you to buy the products wherever you feel comfortable buying them, wherever you have access to buying them. Because so many people, like I own was mentioning earlier, they only have certain amount of stores that they can actually shop. If You have the luxury of boycotting And you, you Feel the need to boycott, then go ahead and do that. Yeah. So, but some people don't have that luxury, like I said. And we have, you know, we always talk about promoting generational wealth, promoting, you know, giving back. I, we have a, a fund, a Rutger education scholarship fund where it's going on our 12th year where we give back scholarships to students from our hometown that are first generation scholarship students.


So we wanna do more of that in our community. Yeah, right. We wanna create more generational wealth. And in order to do that, you have to continue to support our brands. Yeah. Because we have done everything, like Melissa's just said, we, we fronted, we just fronted so much inventory and we want to sell it through because we, you know, if not then we'll have these huge buybacks and that just chargebacks and that just really hurts our, our, our business and our brand. Jeremy, I Wanted to, you mentioned the thing about Target just changing the name. They did both. So they changed the name of their supplier diversity team to supplier engagement and then they also got rid of their belonging at the Bullseye, which is a strategy to include black employees build meaningful careers and improve like, experience of black shoppers and promote black owned businesses.


So they did both of them. And I know we're talking about Target, but for us Rucker roots we're in several seven different retail stores. So there's so many other options to shop Who in Target? Who else? So we're in Target, we're in JC Penny, we're in Belk, we're in Sally's, we're in Amazon, we're in Walmart. Walmart, Walmart. And if you look at, you know, JC Penney and Belk, they have doubled down on their DEI They are, you know, they are adamant about keeping diversity, equity, inclusion with you know, their companies and we are there too. So you know, we and our our products, you know, we are on shelf at all of those


places. The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold, try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple car play and a panoramic moonroof makes driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagine Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or wor in all situations. See owners manual for important safety information


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. ATT connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Ready to celebrate the magic of live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival with hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days in over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxsw.com


And as a black-owned business, if you're gonna boycott one, then flood, flood the other. Our website is Emini here we have a warehouse in Indian Land, South Carolina where we're shipping, packing, sending orders out every day on our e-commerce. And a lot of times I own And I are in there like last week I posted on my social media, I was like wrapping a pallet that was going out to Walmart. Like we are still in there grinding every single day. And so if you're gonna, you know, say okay we're gonna not shop here then shop elsewhere, support the brand elsewhere where you feel comfortable. Right. I Think one of the misconceptions is that if a brand is in retail, they've already made it. Like they're already, they're already huge and it's like just because you know we get press or because we're on The Breakfast Club, that does not mean that the brand has actually gone the distance.


Right. So I just want people to know that by, by not shopping, you know, black owned, no matter what the channel is, know that you are impacting how someone is feeding their family. Absolutely. Absolutely. Like just because the lit bar, you know, pre press and likes do not equal dollars. Like let's not get, get food by the social media high. And so people are, people will say like, oh they already got it, it's fine. They they can, they can miss the dollars. No, no because we got payroll every two weeks my boy, what are you doing? We can't miss We got Warehouse, we got warehouse rent, we got rent to pay, we got all the things. So what About, oh go ahead.


I was gonna ask behind the scenes though, I don't know how close a lot of you like the black owned brands were in these major retailers, whether this Target, Walmart, whatever. But I feel like now because y'all are kind of going through this together, has it created a line of communication or a system where you guys are figuring out things amongst your own selves for the up and coming like black owned brands that'll hit retail like shops and, yeah, I Had a call actually like pretty much immediately after it happened. Renee blew it from, she did that, she helped organize it and my first thing was like, y'all need to reach out to your buyers. 'cause a lot of people are afraid, a lot of people were like, I don't think I have the leverage to even reach out to Target and ask them what's going on.


I'm like, it's Smaller brands in Target that are black because They're smaller brands. But meanwhile it's like we've been in Target for like eight years so I know that I can reach out And I can, And I did reach out very aggressively actually. But I'm like no reach out to let them know that we are coming together, reach out to let them know that we are demanding that y'all give us some responses and some meaning to what this is. Reach out and let them know that like we won't just stand for this. And so like I do think that it is bridging the gap because typically I think one of the issues in the black community is that we hold things to the chest and it's okay to be vulnerable because like the more we are vulnerable, the more information we get and the more information we have then we can actually make better decisions.


And so I I think it's absolutely happening And I'm proud of the work that a lot of the black-owned businesses are doing right now. Can We talk more about like, you know, is it fair for black-owned products to receive backlash for still having their products in Target? Are any of these stores that are rolling back the dei? No. No, no it's not, it's not fair because here's the thing, like people are complaining on Meta. That is, that has rolled back their DEI That's right. People are using their Gmail. Yeah that has rolled back their DEI people saying that black, black owned businesses that are already small, that are already underfunded. Right. Black women receive less than 1% of all VC dollars.


And I actually think that the number went down post covid, like we can't afford to do it. So what people are asking us to do is essentially like, you know, sell our houses, close our doors, fire our entire teams. And it's like, are you doing that for the, for the community? Right. Right. Are you doing that for the struggle? Like are you quitting your job without a plan to feed your family? Like until we are all like locked in arms that this is what we're doing for the culture. It is un it is unfair. It's now we're not over here saying you need to keep shopping at Target or Walmart or Amazon, any of these places. 'cause they have all decided to shut down. DEI What we have said is like we Shop my website, We have websites.


Yeah, yeah. I have a store in Detroit. Like shop wherever you choose, choose to shop. That is your, your prerogative. Give Us a little, And I can say that 25% of our sales come from our internet, from our e eCommerce from our website. So the other 75% is from the being on the shelves. So that's our livelihood. So we need you guys, you know, we need to stay on the shelves and we need you guys to purchase from Walmart A Target, give the black brands more, more than 2.5% of the $9.4 billion that it's spent in in on beauty.


Yeah. And it's So Easy for beauty. Give us more percent. Give us a little bit more of that, you know, money, right? Emini here. That's all we are asking. I, because people don't, people gonna buy honest people Buy I want us to be honest. Like if you go into your makeup bag, if you go into your, your linen closet, right? If you go into your, your actual closet, how many of those brands like your fashions, how much of it is black owned? How much of your makeup bag? Not I Make it a point, not today, today is a little bit different but I make it a point but go ahead. But Everything like your, your pantry, like your fashions, your hair, your makeup, like the Lip bar is constantly begging people to shop the lip bar over Elf.


Right, right. Or over NYX like and it's not just about the Lip bar. There are lots of black owned brands you can shop. This is not just about us. Yeah. It's about our community. Right. It's about our kids, it's about our community. We would love for you to go on our.com but we know that only 25% of our sales come from there. Emini here, we make more money when you shop on our website per, you know, our personal, our business website. So, but Has anybody from Target reached out at all? Yeah, I've talked to Target about Shit she done for like two weeks. Okay. But what do they say? Like what do they say to y'all? They Ain't saying nothing But you know, like our sales team with Walmart, we've had several conversations with them, like really strong conversations and they say the same thing.


We didn't bring you in because of diversity, equity, inclusion. We brought you in because you're a strong brand. Absolutely. And we're, you know, we are gonna keep you there as long as you're performing. But that's the key. We have to perform perform. But do they plan to like say more to kind of like protect y'all a little, not protect y'all 'cause y don't need them to protect you. I Don't even know why they put out a press release to begin with to say Yeah but I feel like they kind of like it it it aggravated things when it did. Yeah, it did. So they don't plan on like what's the remedy? Because if this was the Black Square era, they would've been came out in, I don't know, we're a, a cloth or something. So Cloth 20% off target, right. When Nancy Pelosi Can get was a different time.


They now they can be silent and no one cares and it's like whatever. But like if they plant, because it does, you guys don't seem like you're leaving anytime soon. Well we can't afford To leave. You can't Emini here. But I'm saying so it's a partnership. It's Too, I think that people have to continue to put pressure, honestly. So Emini here, in my conversations with Target, they have been apologetic. They have been clear that they are continuously investing in small black and brown brands. Like this is literally from like their mouths over the last two weeks. But I'm like, listen, don't say it to me. Say it, say it to the public because it it's the public who is upset. It's the public who you owe something to, not just your vendors.


And so I think we have to just continue to, to tell our story and and demand what we want to see. And you know, I wonder, I haven't spoken to and, and this is why it's so difficult, right? 'cause I love y'all, but then I love Dan Nina Turner And I love you Tamika Mallory And I understand why you feel the way y'all feel. And I understand why they feel the way they feel. But I wondered was there any conversations amongst y'all? Did anybody, did any of the people different perspective wanting to boycott call any of the people who have brands in the store? Nope. I, I talked to Roland Martin. Okay. Okay. And he, he was like, we got a boycott. And I said, well we gotta do whatever we gotta do. But just make sure that y'all are clear on having a plan to continue to support, invest in and support black businesses.


Because it can't be this thing where it's, it's trendy to shop black today and then two weeks later Yeah. You know, we're not in Vogue anymore. Yeah. Like 2020 for sure. The sad Emini here, I live with someone that's on the front lines because Yeah, my husband that's right is on TV fighting the good fight every single night and we have these conversations at home and you know, he understands that I have a business to promote. He appreciates the boycott where, you know, boycott, boycotting and you know, civil rights movement is part of our bloodline. Like we're from the deep south. That's right. And I, in that I appreciate, you know, their movement because that's how things have changed in history.


But like Melissa said, you know, it can't just be a trend to forget about these black brands. And so I think it just has to be, you know, people have to look at it in a different lens. And that's why I think it's so important for black brands to have these conversations with the public. Like, hey, you know, that's great. You know, we, if that's what you wanna do then you know, vote with your dollar. That's fine. Yeah. I think what you said, The thing is conversation, right? It, it's something that you said earlier. Most time people when they see something in a store, they automatically think you made it right. Yeah, no. They automatically think it's successful. You guys are rich, you guys are filter, you guys are billionaires. 'cause they don't understand what it takes.


So without having these conversations, people don't understand. And not only that as a dad that goes into Sally's a lot of times. I don't know what's a black brand or, or what's a regular brand. I'm my wife says go get some shampoo or, or we need a new shampoo for, for whatever. So when I asked the lady at the front desk who a lot of times might not be black Yeah. She And don't think you black, It's a Die. They're Checking a shot at me saying that I used just for men but To support black brands. But you need to have more of these conversations so people understand what it is. Because a lot of times I don't think people actually get it.


'cause the first thing you think of is when you see a brand in Target, it's that you guys have made it and it's not necessarily the truth. And I believe, you know, there's guy like John who Bryan, who I presented, you know, plans on what should happen. I believe what he says, he says we should redirect energy towards supporting companies that double that double down on DEI and he says we should position diversity, equity, and inclusion as a business imperative, not a political Agenda. Right, right. But is it realistic to do that when the government has made it a political Yeah. Agenda. So some, some of the companies, right. And target aside, like if the government is like, we're gonna cut your funding, right?


If you, if you uphold your DI what is that that company supposed to do? So maybe it doesn't impact Costco 'cause maybe they're not receiving gov government subsidies. But for those companies that that are like how, how does that work? And I'm really, I'm really asking because I feel like we have to be clear that it's not just the companies that are doing this DEI pullback, it's also Trump. Right? If we just going beyond Absolutely. Absolutely. Emini here. It's it's because of Trump. But I guess you know, John O'Brien is saying that you should reframe the narrative around diversity, equity, and inclusion as critical for economic competitiveness, innovation and market growth.


Like it impacts your bottom line. Like that's what we should be telling these companies. Yeah. They Know that though. Yeah. Do they what? Yeah. When first thing you learn and if you have a retail background or seller's background at all is market study and numbers. Retail stores are placed, they choose clothing that goes into Nordstrom's based off who lives around that. Nordstrom. Yeah. They know what people look like, how they shop, they know all of that. It's just do they have to care? Kind of to her point. And That's what I said. That's why when, when I, when I said do that, it's like why would they even put out a press release? Like why would they just put this press Release? Well they didn't because, And I Think they was leaked. DDI they didn't put, but from the target perspective, they didn't put out a press release. I didn't know that nothing thing was leaked. Oh. Oh. And that's why like, they still haven't said anything.


'cause they're like, we didn't say anything, say anything in first place, but Nobody said anything. I haven't seen Walmart. Oh, Walmart absolutely put out a relief. They did. Okay. What did they say? But, but they did say what they're gonna continue to do. And I think that that is what is owed to the, to the people. Like instead of just saying like, okay we're we're killing DEI, be clear on what that means. Right. Be clear on what that means for not only your customers but the people who work there. Yeah. Or if, if you're, if they're concerned about Trump and the administration, you know, giving them, you know, lawsuits or whatever, if they continue change the name, like do emerging brands like, you know, change, change the name but don't eliminate, you know, these, these, you know, these brand owners and these companies that work so hard to get to the place that you know, you because if You say you're just getting rid of DEI, they think that you just don't care about black people.


Yeah. You don't care about, you know, whether black people shop there And black people get, first of all, black people are not the biggest beneficiaries of DEI. It's white women, white women, white women, women, women. It's white women. It's veterans. And it goes so much further than just black people. Yeah. It's DEI is the pumping rooms that women have when, when they're pregnant. DEI is the accessible ramps for disabled people. Right. But I know black people, because we are so unfortunately used to being oppressed in this country, we immediately are like, they hate black people and, and rightfully so. Right. So it's like, okay, well tell, tell us that you don't. And I think that's what we're all waiting for from all of these companies.


Let Me ask this question, And I know that y'all have answered it in different ways throughout the interview, but I just want to be be clear. What do you think is the appropriate strategy to let these companies know that we don't like how they drop DEI without affecting y'all's bottom line? The companies or our community? Both. I think we have to keep being vocal. Yeah. I don't think there's anything wrong with putting a bullseye on target and saying we won't accept this. But I also think that in the same vein we have to be intentional shoppers to ensure that we are actually voting with our dollar. But like keep, keep putting the pressure on target. Why not? Well That bullseye affect your business though, where they look back and be like, you know what, Melissa's being too difficult with this damn bullseye.


Lemme go here. Well She don't care if they boycott Target not if our sales aren't Aren impacted. So like they they speak green first. Yes, Exactly. Yeah. Performing. And if you're, if your, if your products aren't just sitting there and if they're making money and all the things and they're gonna keep you there, they're not. And Melissa can say whatever she wants to say, it'd be fine because all they care about is the money. Yeah. The green, you the biggest, the Biggest black owned makeup company in Target. Right. And we, we've been in Target since 20 17, 20 18 and, and we've grown year over year and like of course we're disappointed, but we're not gonna pull our products from Target in this moment because it, it doesn't make financial sense for us.


But we will continue to put pressure on Target and say, yo, like this is not okay. Right. Question for you. Oh, Go ahead. Oh no, go ahead. You go. There you go. I don't even know what I'm about to say. I was gonna ask because this, this whole thing brings up a conversation of like how people feel when, especially the black beauty brands begin to like if they're bought out by non-black people, stuff like that. I remember, I think it, was it Courtney's brand or was it my, it was one of those brands that something like that happened with and they got dragged for. And when this happened, I remember there was a thread that I read and they were basically saying, this is why we should only sell through us. And I was like, but what does that look like? How do you do that? I guess it's like owning your own store in Detroit versus and doing more of that versus being in the target.


How do you guys feel about that conversation of like, you know, like even in, I don't know, investors or kind of the capitalism conversation? I think that it's important for us to remember that when you're growing a brand and, and you get to a certain level, there's only so much that you can do and you have to bring in investors and you have to bring in different, you know, amount amounts of money to scale to that global and to hit that global brand. And, and when companies decide to sell, you know, I know a lot of companies have to sell, but they, they also bring that money back to the community. They give so much money, they funnel all that, you know, so much, so many scholarships and, and so many, you know, grants and everything back into the community.


I think it's kind of unfair to put that amount of pressure on black brands. 'cause aren't you growing your brand for Yes. A legacy for economic growth in your community? Aren't you growing your brand so that you can make a difference? That you can leave something behind greater than you? Ain't that the purpose, I wanna See you sell record roots for a billion dollars and then go open up five more businesses. Right, exactly. That's what I'm saying. Like, and, and so in other communities people don't give them hell for selling their products. No. They get Celebrated. They they get celebrated. And I think that's so unfair and, and it is unfortunate. I I I don't, I don't like It.


So when Rich Dennis sold Shea Moisture, he started the New Voices Fund to invest in black women. And some of your favorite entrepreneurs were beneficiaries of him selling Shea Moisture. So he invested in Lip Bar, he invested in Slutty Vegan, he invested in Honey Pot, he invested in Mayo Organics, he invested in natural clo like literally almost ev a lot of the popin black-owned businesses right now came as a result of, of that sale. So to your point, it's really about what people do with the money when they sell. And then I totally understand people being upset like, oh, we can't have nothing. 'cause I feel like that's how the community feels like, you know, as soon as a brand grows and we support it, they sell to a white company or a white person.


And my question to you is like, well who do we sell it to? Unfortunately there are no Black Proctor and Gambles or Unilevers. That would be amazing because why? Because we only spend two point a half percent Exactly. Of The $9.4 billion with black brands. Yeah. And so if we were to pull our dollars and even if we just only focused on beauty and said, you know what, I can commit to only shopping black beauty clothing might be harder, shoes might be harder, you know, your pantry might be harder, but beauty is not that hard. No. There are hundreds of black owned beauty brands, but we are still fighting with multinational corporations. People are absolutely still buying the L'Oreals and Maybelline's instead of ly the lit bars and the Nessa Myrick.


And so we would love to shop or or sell to black people. It's just that that's not an option. So what do we do, do we not realize our generational wealth? Because most black people, our wealth is actually tied in our equity, which means that we have to have a liquidation event. That's what it's called. A liquid liquidation event is when you sell some of your equity so that you can get some of the money. Yeah. Melissa Butler of the Lip Bar is a millionaire on paper, baby on paper. Which means that I need to do something to get that liquid actually to actually get liquid. So I just, I want y'all to understand how business works, especially when you fundraise.


But that's the most difficult thing, right? You're trying to explain business to people who don't have no business. So they really not supposed to get it what the education for. That's right. But they're loud. But they're loud. They're loud, they're loud. And I remember when they got mad at Beatriz when she sold for, what was it, three 80 or something like that. And she kept a minority stake and was still CEO and I'm just like, I was happy for her. So, but everybody like, to your point, like she, we can't have nothing in and it's like Who she gonna sell it to? Right. Exactly. Exactly. Until we get to the point where we have, you know, these people that have grown brands like, you know, rich Dennis, that can actually help invest in and buy, you know, companies and all those things.


Until we grow more of those people, until we have that status, then we don't have any, you know, and It'll continue to happen. Yeah. Or go out and support these ladies.


Please tell 'em how, how do they support Rucker Roots? How do they support the lip bar? Www.ruckerroots.com. You can find us in seven different retailers, you know, choose where, but just support us. Yeah. In the lip bar. The lip bar.com. If you're in Detroit, we have our own store, but we're also Amazon, Walmart, target, cvs. And you can follow us on all social platforms at the Lip Bar. Yeah. And any final just messages for the community. 'cause I don't want YI don't wanna see y'all tweeting after this interview at people. Just say what you need to say now. No, it's, we love y'all. You know, we need you. We love you love We love you, love you support. We are here for the fight. We're in it. We, you know, for us, we're not telling you to not boycott, but we telling you to, you know, support these brands, support our Brand. We are going on 10 year anniversary and we couldn't have done it without our consumers and our Lal customers. So thank you. Continue to support Rucker Roots. Follow us on all platforms at Rucker Roots. And of course Ellen said online, rucker roots.com And we're Amazon, Walmart, target, Sally's be JCPenney.


Yeah. And our website, I'll Just say the Lip Bar has always been a community based business. It's the community that has got us this far. And please know that we will continue to invest in the community. Like we will never turn our back. Like I, I am from the blackest city in America, Detroit, Michigan. So just know that I am always putting us first. Amen. There you have it. Try it. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club Ready to celebrate The magic of Live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent.


Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival. With hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days in over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxsw.com.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system, which speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal.


Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At&t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.