
Take a deep dive into the stories, making the news headlines across The World, The news agents. We are not just here to tell you what's happening, but why for me, Emily Mala and Me, John Sopel with Global's Award-winning podcast. The news agents dropping daily, covering everything you need to know about politics and current affairs. And the News agents USA following every twist. And turn in the race for the White House. Listen to the news agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hey gorgeous, it's Paris Hilton. Get the party started with my new Album infinite icon out now and stream the new single Bad Academy Welcome to the Bad academy. I wanted this Album to be an escape. Take people to a happy place where they can heal and party in equal measure. And most of all, be your own unapologetic icon. Listen on iHeartRadio and visit infinite icon.com to order the Album sponsored by 1111 Media.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break


gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The. Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess, hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Jess is on maternity leave, so Lauren's filling in and we got a special guest in the building. Her Album Revenge is out right now. Ladies and gentlemen, money long. Welcome back Bird. How you feeling Man? I'm tired. I'm trying to keep up tired. Fashion Week. Are You? I like those honest answers. Nah, it's a lot You know trying to keep up, trying to entertain everybody, get sleep so I can sing. Do promo. Be a mom. Yeah, be a mom. Wow, it's a lot. Yeah. Then this week you in Fashion week 'cause you been out and about. Yeah, I did two shows the first day and then I just been doing another Album promo.


That's what I'm really here for. Gotcha. What's your regimen like? Like do, when do you sleep or you eat? Do you eat different when you are on runs like this Or? Yeah, like I get so hyperfocused sometimes I forget to eat. Oh, that's not good. Yeah. So I have to have people remind me like green. So my routine is all over the place and one thing I do make sure I do is wash my face every night and just kind of like The makeup and de depress De decompress. Yep. Sometimes I have to, I don't know if this is a word but like de stimulate, like if I'm overstimulated throughout the day, I come home, I just don't wanna talk.


Nobody talks about that enough overstimulation because we, we are sitting around with these phones all day in between text messages and phone calls and social media. You're constantly, constantly, constantly stimulated. It's, it's more like in the physical world. So like sometimes you go in these spaces, they're dusty You know my allergies dusty, a lot of these buildings, but yo I don't understand. I'm not That dusty. Are We all right? No, I'm good. It is got, I'm good. I could breathe clearly in here. Cool. I don't see how y'all don't have dust in y'all don't like me and my friends, we be in the same place. They don't have these problems but I blow my nose up, be having like dust particles hella dust. Yeah. Crazy. But it be cold sometimes I be hungry.


I feel like a Sims character. You know if y'all play Sims like they be cold, tired, hungry, need to take a bath and then I gotta talk to people and like smile And I always take a photo if somebody asks me. So sometimes I just be like Mine long, like I'm tired. What talking? Im tired about dusty men. What about 'em Just in general, like do you ever ever run across any of those? They'd be scared to talk to me. They should be if they Duffy? Yeah. No, most I make guys nervous. Really? Someone's told you that? No, I can see it. I see their lip quivering when they talk to me. Their lip Quivering. Well guys's been trying to holler at you. Nah, holler. Just be in my presence. Like they You know I don't go outside.


So like when they see me in person they'll be like, oh shit, she's actually really pretty You know what I'm saying? How do You feel when people say that to you? Like when they see you in person, like oh my gosh, she's so, she's really pretty in person 'cause I don't use filters and a lot of stuff like that. Yeah. So, but I think like I have a really great makeup artist and glam team. Give God some credit, money loan Glow by God. Give God some credit Now shout out to Jesus that you, there You go. But now like I actually look like my pictures when I show up. So I think that's surprising for a lot of people. I used to get offended. I'm not gonna lie. I used to be like, what you mean? Like you so pretty and person. Well was I ugly? I felt that before You know but no, no. I understand what they're saying is I actually like, Yeah Look like my picture I for, I posted this on TikTok.


Like how does that make you feel when people say that? 'cause why, I don't know why. I would say you Set yourself up You know all the time Set might, it might be some dust coming from that way over there. I also didn't, I didn't have a self-concept until like maybe six or seven years ago. What does that mean? I didn't understand how people perceive me. I didn't, I didn't know that that was a thing. How Do you think they perceive you? Like a regal. Like I don't need any help. Like I have it all together. Is that 'cause you got money that's why? No, it's always been like that.


Even in high school. Wow. You know people just kind of just look at me as like this unicorn Probably. 'cause you had a level of confidence that they didn't have. It wasn't confidence. It was obliviousness. I like, I literally just used to be like, you don't look a bird. Yeah. So you just doing, you basically. Yeah. I didn't have a concept of like dark skin, light skin, like none of that. Wow. Pretty ugly. That's a great space to be in. Yeah, no I got, I'm lucky in that regard where like I never had any confidence issues. Maybe like some weight fluctuation. Like I wish I was skinny.


But then like last time I was here I was like super skinny. And, I bend that and now I'm just like, yeah, nah, it's not comfortable. Like everything hurts You. know what I'm saying? Like sitting in a chair when you don't got no ass. Oh I know what you mean because we, we dragging over here. I don't know. Yeah. You know I got a little wagon Skinny. Like why? Because it's, it's a thing like You know. I know what you're saying. Why you decide to lie. When Money Long came in this morning, she don't got a wagon. I do got a wagon. She Said she got a wagon. I've never looked that over. Well the Album Revenge. Who are you getting Revenge on? Money Long, Anybody? Whoever slept on me, whoever tried me. Whoever tried to stop forward motion. I think the best Revenge is seeing me everywhere I be. I know I make you itch.


Is that for And? I. Love that. Anybody? Is that for somebody in particular that You know people try to itch on you? Oh yeah. A lot of people You know I've been around for a long time. Like I helped a lot of people get from You know point A to point B With that PenFed of yours. Yeah, just like showing up, helping come up with like, I mean I don't just write songs like I, I come up with like the theme and a treatment and You know a lot of times those ideas get taken and you don't get compensated for that. But I think that just comes with being a creative, like I'm an all around creative so I can't help but share my point of view and yeah like a lot of people did not think, think that I would get to this level and the reason why I know that is 'cause they'd be like, man you really did it.


Like you did not give up. Like why you saying it like that? Like you do You know something that I don't know. But also I know a lot of the people like what they said 'cause the industry is small. Very small. Yeah. And. I just never, I never, yeah like I know what you said. I like cool. You said This is your way of doing that. This is your way of doing that. Just, I mean I don't really care that much but like I'd rather see who you actually are rather than like alert you that I'm onto you 'cause then you could change it. Yeah. Why Did this body of Work make you use that title? Like, like what? What about these 14 songs made you say, I'm gonna name this Revenge.


So that was the last song that we did on the Album. One day Cron Thomas from Rock City who's written like so many hits in the last, I don't know, five years. And then the dream was there and he just came, they just came to say hello And. I looked around the room. I was like, we got tricky. The dream me, Darron Thomas and Ku Carre who, because my vocal producing And I was like, there's no way I'm about to let y'all walk up outta here and not get a song. Like this is crazy. So we was talking about relationships and You know Dream. He liked to argue. So he was talking about just like the male versus female dynamic and how women are like bitter sometimes when they don't get their way.


Blah blah blah. And sorry if I'm messing that up. Dream, I'm just paraphrasing. So I started talking about just like, I just don't wanna spend expend my energy that I could be putting into accomplishing my goals by engaging right in your whatever it is. Like your drama, your, a lot of times people want you to do the emotional labor for them. Like, oh you made me feel like this. Okay, I apologize it won't happen again. But I'm also not gonna sit here and lie to you and tell you that I'm gonna change anything to make you feel better. That's your work.


You have to do that. And so I don't want Revenge, I'm just gonna continue growing and developing as a human being glowing up. And that is the best Revenge or the best Get back You. know I I've of petty, petty stuff. I know you, you talked on the cruise show a bit about this and you revealed there that you and your, I guess it's estranged husband, I don't know what the title would be. You guys had separated and it was first kind of similar. Like you, you said you just were tired of dealing with like drama and people not being happy and things of that nature. How much of that went into this Album and like how much of it do we feel when we listen to these songs?


I think like as a, this was the first time as an artist that I actually was writing things that were straight from my like brain. Like a diary? Yeah. Before it was like living vicariously or hearing a story from one of my friends. And, and it actually was very scary 'cause I don't like people in my business. And I also understand that like If, you watch that whole interview. I was very specific with what I said. I didn't say any of the words that were in the headlines before or anything. I did not say that. I went back and listened earlier because I wanted to hear your exact words. And.


I felt like, and, and correct me if I'm wrong, but I felt like you were, you were just a bit exhausted by whatever that situation was. I'm just exhausted period of like anybody or anything that is trying to pull you into negativity or pull your focus or bog you down. I just don't wanna do it. Like you could wake up every day and choose to be happy. That's a fact. You know what I'm saying? Every single day is a new day. Yeah, start over. But you also left the door open too. 'cause you said You know things can change. He can work on himself and maybe things could change in the, in the future. Do you still feel that way? And and have y'all worked on that at all? Who is y'all?


Okay. Maybe not. Has he worked on himself then I should say? I Don't know. I have no idea. You, you only, the only way You know is results like You. know what I mean? Every day you just choose a better action than the day before. Like you, you make adjustments. That's why I say The best apology is change behavior. Exactly. Yeah. So like, the only way I'll know that you won't hurt me is If. you don't, the only way I know that You know you are, you are gonna do what you say is If. you do it. Yeah. You know actions versus words. And that's for anyone, like I said, my own mama, my granny like the, the only person who won't get that kind of attitude from me would be my child You.


know what I'm saying? Because my responsibility to help him grow into a, a wonderful human to operate at his highest level on this planet. Everybody else that's on you. And eventually even him one day I'm gonna have to let him. That's right. Do his thing. It ain't gonna be too far. How old is he? Two. Oh yeah. He got a long way to go. He got about 14 years. Yeah. Yeah. Now his birthdays, our birthdays on the same day actually. So Wow. Next week Virgo, When they get about 16, that's when they started to become their own little person's. He already is now. Yeah. He'd be like, no. I'm like okay, whatever you say You know, you end the, you end the Album with a song called Ruin Me. Do you feel like a person can really ruin you?


It depends on like your interpretation of the record. I think that when I say it, I'm saying that most guys, and like I'm not an expert. I'm not saying all men, but it's always a man. They want a dummy. They want a dummy. They want someone who will not question them, will not. I think that's what they mean by submissive. You wanna be able to continue moving through life. Undeveloped, unmotivated, un whatever. You don't want someone to challenge you and push you. And so a lot of times guys won't change, they'll just go find someone who will accept their negative or poor choices.


I Think we gotta put a thumb in front of men and guys, some men, some guys. Well no, I said it's not all men. Yeah. That's not all man. But it's always a man girl. You know. I just think that again, when I say you ruin me, I'm wise. Now I do not believe you when you say, oh I love you so much, but your actions are doing something else. So you are ruining me for everybody else. 'cause now I'm watching You. know what I'm saying? It's no more like blind falling in love, loving your dirty draws. Like I love myself and you can support that And I will allow myself to be in your space and you can experience me loving myself.


Mm. Like you gotta meet me where I'm at. Yeah. And we move together. So it's my job to love me. It ain't my job to, that is a fact. Give that to you. And by me loving me, it will pour over onto you and you'll feel love. That is a fact. You know what I'm saying? Your that's what I mean. It's not about to be No, I'm dropping everything every time they go, oh, I'm cooking, I'm cleaning, I'm, Does that make it, I mean this is, I was gonna say, does that make it tough for you when you think about trying to move forward and possibly dating, but this is all new. Like, are you even in that space yet where you're even exploring other men? I'm sorry of everybody. I'm tired of everybody. Why I I read before You got real Fuck these niggas energy going on right now. Money long. No. Well you said you've always said you didn't like dating before your husband.


So If you I don't really like people don't go outside. Outside. Yeah. Right. So the date thing happened. Nah, nah, I will say that I, I'm just really, I'm understanding like the game You know what I'm saying? Like there's different games being played. So like there's the relationship game, the marriage game, the career game, the frequency game. Like And. I'm just focused on like getting my foundation right and getting everything together so that any game I decide to go play you good. I'm straight You. know what I'm saying for you, I think that as women sometimes we get distracted by relationships and we start putting everything into it.


So I'm not saying no money Log is fed the fuck up. I Yeah, I feel it. I feel It. No, but it's just my life is great. Even with the things that are challenging. It's nothing to like be mad or like bitter, but you just figure it out. It's just a puzzle to solve. And so anybody who's coming in making me feel unsure about anything or disturbing my peace, you gotta go, you gotta go down to a mosquito or a fly. Like, I, I just don't have time. How do You know a mosquito? What you finna say? The mosquito Mosquitoes and the flies.


Anything. Anything? No, I was just gonna say You know. How do You know that you're not becoming what you hate? Meaning like If you, You're, I don't Hate anything. I'm saying if you're upset about something or a relationship or heard about something that happened in a relationship, how do You know you're not projecting that onto other people? I think I have reached a level of self-awareness where I'm always asking questions and I'm still in a very much in like a discovery, exploration, childlike. Like maybe there's something here that I don't understand. What is this right? What You know? And I'm always inquiring for like, even when I get pissed, like it happened last night. Somebody did something like, but You know it. It is like, I be like, are you okay?


You need something? You thirsty. Who you here with? Like, I be trying to figure out, because you got to be out your mind. You not talking to me. What did they Do to get you to piss you off? But I say some girl like walked past and was like, she wasn't looking at anyone and she just was like, oh, have a good night. Meanwhile, I'm trying to get a table. We went to last lap. Okay. I don't know. So restaurant You know they got like three tables in there. I'm trying to eat. I'm hungry, I'm cold, I'm tired. She told you have a good night. She Said she said it out in the And That pissed you off Ether? No. Oh. But when she kept walking past, she and You know I, I could feel energy.


She said, I guess not. Oh. But it was like directed at me now. Oh. Because you ain't say nothing back to her. But I'm on my phone. I'm trying to, I'm like, maybe I could get a burger. Like y'all take it too long. I'm hungry. And, I turned around. And I looked at my friend and he started laughing. He was like, friend, don't do it. I was like, she can't be talking to me. I know she not talking to me. I don't like that kind of stuff. 'cause to me that says that you think you could beat me up. Oh wait, that was, that was very regal. Very al You don't think you could beat me up Yo You? know what I'm saying? The same way. Don't talk like that. No, You bullying me. I don't like that. They Gonna beat me up. Huh? So, so what did you say in the response? Nah, she, she was walking around. I said she can't be talking to me.


I know she not. And they just kept walking. Like, I think they was like, oh yeah, don't do that Money long. Because I'm very nice. I'm quiet. Like You know. People have like a perception of me. I will beat you up. Like don't do that. I said that about somebody last week. I was like, this person gotta show me What you mean Fight the way this person talking. They gotta show me. They gotta show me beat up. Yeah, you Must fight the way you talking. That's crazy. They gotta show me. They can beat me up. But If the lady said have a good night and she thought you heard and you said nothing, she probably was like, she probably felt Offended. Yeah. She might have been A fan. She wasn't looking at that's, that's like me being like, good morning. Who am I talking to? Do You know? No. How packed was the Restaurant? It wasn't that many people. So it was like, it was a section.


She probably talking To New York. She probably talking to You. No, there was other people. She's walking past and she said have a good night to the air. Like, I mean I see what you're saying. But She probably not from here because that's, that can be a, a culture shock when you're not from New York. 'cause You know I'm from the south so I greet people. And, I say things like can't see you later and nobody will respond back. But that's just a New York thing. Like New Yorkers are just rude. No, I would've said something if I thought she was talking to me. That's the other thing. I'm so nice. Like I always take the photo. I always speak, I always You know always. 'cause I understand. Yeah, exactly. You talking to me, you ain't even saying nothing. You did you at whatcha talking to. That's crazy.


When's The last time you got into a fight? Because you said you could still fight. What's The last time you fought? I'm fight no more. I'm too rich for that now You know what I'm saying? But I never lost one. Actually You know my first fight I lost. But I beat bitches up. I do Because I feel it is like, you don't wanna fight. You don't wanna fight someone who is afraid You. know what I'm saying? Because You know what they're gonna do. I'm always scared to get hit. So I'm gonna make sure you can't hit me. Mm. Never lost. But don't be, I'm not fighting anyone. Don't be taking that as a challenge. 'cause I'm not gonna, you're gonna go to jail. I'm gonna call those people. You have a, you have a song called thirties.


How, how much have you learned from your thirties Still? You're in the middle of it still. Yeah. Yeah. I, I have learned over the last 10 years 'cause I started self reflection and like internal journey at 26. So over the last 10 I have learned that everybody's on their own individual course and that you cannot interfere with free will. So no matter how much I might want something for you, who am I to take that from you? That lesson or that that opportunity to grow and learn.


'cause you don't have to learn through. You could choose to learn through joy. You don't have to learn through drama and trauma. Right. But most of the time people are not motivated to change anything until stuff gets very uncomfortable. And so I've learned to just like relax and be like, eh, You know we got all 10 fingers and toes we breathing. That's right. You. know what I'm saying? Grateful. Gratitude. Yeah. Gratitude. But also just like a, a deep understanding and like


Take a deep dive into the stories. Making the news headlines across The World the news Agents. We are not just here to tell you what's happening, but why for me, Emily Mala and Me John Sopel With Global's award-winning podcast. The news agents dropping daily, covering everything you need to know about politics and current affairs and The news agents USA following every twist and turn in the race for the white cast. Listen to the news agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hey gorgeous. It's Paris Hilton. Get the party started with my new Album infinite icon out now and stream the new single bad academy Welcome To the academy. I wanted this Album to be an escape, to take people to a happy place where they can heal and party in equal measure. And most of all, be your own unapologetic icon. Listen on iHeartRadio and visit infinite icon.com to order the Album sponsored by 1111. Media


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill. And start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more Intelligent. All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing guide and owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


The summer is heating up. So the next time you pop open a Coca-Cola or Coke Zero sugar. Prepare for ice cold drops from Coke Studio. New music from your favorite artists in their latest hits with drops from new jeans. Carol g Peggy goo usher, and Tyler plus live performances at the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke, a Coke zero sugar 12 ounce can and unlock magic music moments all year long, no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize availability@cokeurl.com slash studio usa. Promo Corp Wright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global. Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


Lack of like, I'm not afraid of anything anymore. You know. Yeah. Not afraid to lose people. I understand. Like it probably gonna hurt. Yeah. But I'm over It on thirties. It sound like you singing about the fear of being alone. Yeah. So that's a fear, right? No. That's just A space. You not for me, it's, I don't want that. Okay. I don't wanna be alone. Like with no companionship. That doesn't necessarily mean relationship. That could just mean like, You know. If I feel like I look cute sometimes I might wanna talk to somebody and be like, mm. Tell me I'm pretty like You. know what I'm saying? Yep. What made You so cold though? Because it, Well, hold on. Hold. Do you feel like you got married too young?


No. Okay. I got married at 25. Some people would say that was young. That that was pretty Young. But no, I don't feel like that. Got you. Do you think because you spent, do you ever look back because you spent from 25 to now 35 married and you guys are figuring out whatever's gonna happen next or not that you spent so much of your time being married that it's like figuring out this new world by yourself is like, it's just like a space. It's gonna be so new that it's like something that maybe you are not ready to jump into or you don't know how to jump into it. Like you don't know how to navigate it Because It's like a new, like you've never been, like you've always been in a, in mar in a marriage. You, you're Saying you've never been single.


Yeah. Like you've never been single. I don't even know if you're single now. I don't. Yeah, we really, it's really hard to talk about. 'cause I don't really know Like what, like y'all are separated because, because She didn't say D word. Yeah. Divorce didn't come out your mouth. You Know, I, one thing I'll say about this And I know a lot of people are gonna wanna ask me, they're gonna wanna know. But I know that my words are very powerful. And, I have what I say. Gotcha. So I just wanna be careful about what I say. 'cause I don't wanna draw things to me. I love that for you You know what I'm saying? I, when I say somebody's name, they appear. Mm. So I don't wanna You know what I mean? I got you. Beetlejuice be Beetlejuice Beetlejuice. So I was asking what turned you so cold? 'cause the seed was like, now you're like, I don't care if somebody's in my life. I'm I'm gonna turn on What, what made you cold? Because something had to happen. I'm cold.


I just, I'm focused on me. That's it. I think I have decentered men, I have decentered relationships. And what the The World teaches you, your role is as a woman, I'm just here to have fun, to experience the best that life has to offer. And I will share it with who I want to. Not because I feel like I need to be with Nah, You know what I'm saying? Also too, like what guy can handle this? You know you. Was that a part of it? Because he was a, your husband, you guys have done so much together industry wise in this.


Yeah. I mean, yeah. It seems like it every time. That's how it looks. Yeah. But also too, how you used to talk about him. Like I know you talked about like y'all working on the label together and like he helped produce some of your songs. Correct? Right. So it just, it seemed like you guys Were sometimes the wife, you just wanna say things to help encourage things to go in a certain direction. I I understand that. And affirm and what's the word, motivate. Gently prod. But that doesn't always mean that it's connecting. Wow. We didn't in between the lines here. So Have any of those, these recent interviews prodded him to go start maybe doing the work on himself that he needs to do?


So y'all haven't spoke? And why do you think a man can't handle you the same way? You talking about You know you don't wanna talk about No, I didn me. I said this Can all of this stuff that comes with being money long or plenty of Guys. There's guys, you, you, unless you don't want an industry guy because there's, there's guys that know exactly what you're dealing with. As a woman, I understand why industry men behave the way they behave. I would never date one. Hmm. Wow. So easy. You have whatever you want. Get whatever you want. Sleep with whoever you want. You not about to play in my face. What, what do you think changed? Because it's been, you said since 24, do you think the fact that you made it, it's almost like I love you when you're trying to make it, but now when you make it things change, roles change.


I don't know. I'm not, I'm only in my head. I, I only know what I'm thinking. I'm not trying to be cry. This is just really how I think. Like I have no idea and I'm not trying to figure it out. Mm. Are you picking up that PenFed while you're going through all of this? Because I'm always writing. Okay. Because some fire music can come from this. My God, I'm sorry that you're going through whatever you're going through, but Lord have mercy. I know you're making some fire records. I haven't been in the studio, but I probably, again, I get what I say. So I wanna make sure I'm saying things that I want to appear versus Gotcha. You know I'm so mad I'm not.


I wake up every day so happy. Like I've surrounded myself with the most wonderful, warm, funny, like me and my friend group are hilarious. That's needed. Yeah. During the time of this. So like, it's just so fun. Like You know we have our own little inside jokes. I laugh through the pain like You know what I'm saying? Like I'll pick up something like a, a pickle and I'll be like, everything reminds me of you You know. Just like so funny. What kind of pickle depends? Sometimes it's a big pickle. You know A little. I don't want every pickle to remind me of you. Now what size is the pickle? Like, Hey Yo, no. Hey yo, what size is the pickle?


Right Story of my life. When you talk about your words in your PenFed being powerful, do you ever feel like your, some of your songs might be too open and too honest? Like you might be putting too much out there. No. Okay. You know it's this this weird thing that I have this effect on people where even in real life, I'm only telling you what I want you to know. There's so much. But a lot of times people really think they know me. Like they feel like, oh, that's my, that's my home girl. That's my friend. I'll be like, I talked to this one time. Like, what? That's crazy. You don't know me like that. Like, if I actually like you, I talk to you. I open up.


But if I don't know you or if I don't feel safe around you, I know how to make people feel welcome and warm and cared about And I. Think sometimes people mistake that for like actual care and concern. Speak to how important feeling safe around people is because I, I I I love when people use that term because that's truly what it is. If, you could feel safe around people. You can be yourself. Yeah. To be the, I always encourage people to like be the you that you are when you're with your family or with you when, when you're with your best friends or when you by yourself. Like everybody has star quality every person. But it is when you feel safe that that comes out.


And I. Think a lot of us spend time in spaces that we don't feel safe in, that we're uncomfortable in, that we don't wanna be in that we feel exposed, we're not confident enough to be vulnerable. I think that's part of what makes a great artist and a great performer, great entertainer, actor. They're not afraid to be naked in front of people. And they're not afraid to bear their soul in front of The. World. That is a very hard thing to do. They had me singing in the street busing yesterday. On the subway. Oh my God. It was so cringey when people came up the, you was like, can you s Subway? I was on the subway like singing.


That's dust in your nose. Why was You on the subway? I, no, it was very dusty down there. Just You know getting content. You know content is king these days. So I got on the train. And I was asking people like how did You know your person was made for you? Giving answers. What make you feel like a baddie? Just like questions from the song. My Album? Yeah. The songs on my Album. Yeah. So then they had me singing, like I started singing to this older couple. They'd been together for like 47 years. But it was so cringey girl. Oh, it wasn't all, huh? It wasn't all, I mean New York subways are a lot. No, but for me it was like, like the anxiety I felt in my body.


Oh. 'cause I thought somebody was gonna hit me in the head and be like, shut the fuck up. You Didn't have no security. No, not yesterday. Come on. Oh wait, yo. No, he was there. He was. Yeah, he was there. Yeah. But still this is New York You know. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It'd be like, shut up. Yeah. Shut the fuck up over. That's what I thought was gonna happen. But it didn't. But that's because you like really controlled your spaces. Normally in the subway, it's like people from everywhere. No, but once I started singing, people was like, is that really her? That sound like Yeah. I was cringing though the whole time. Wow. Superpowers. What are your superpowers? My superpower is detachment. Like it really is now in reference to the song, what I'm talking about is like I get what I say and every aspect of my life, I'm super successful.


Why not hear in this You know in this what relationship or Yeah. Yeah. Why can this not? And that doesn't just mean romantically. It could be family You know, but why doesn't my power work in this area really want this? Wow. So I think so many people in relationships can relate to that. A lot of people 'cause pe you date potential sometimes and you see the potential before the other person does. And you're like, come on. Why? Yeah. I don't, I can't relate to that. I don't know what that means. If I like you, I like you. All that other stuff don't matter. Whoa. I mean, I think it would be the same reason why you said that you were speaking things because you wanted him to kind of like do it or like catch on or whatever you were just saying earlier.


That's kind of what I'm talking about. That's An interesting perspective. I never thought about it. People talk about potential, but if, if I like you, I like you. I'm not waiting for you to grow to be somebody else. I like you. Yeah. I like who you are, But I like you the person I, I'm not motivated by what you do. 'cause that could change. Like you could, you could quit your job and decide you wanna be a chef. Not Even like a job though. But like, it could be like how, how they talk to you or how they, I don't know. Like How do you have potential with somebody, but you like Somebody with somebody. Yeah. You can like somebody that person for you. Oh no, not even that. But you can like somebody and then get to know them and you're like, You know what? I love that you do this, but I don't necessarily like that. You respond this way about certain stuff and then you guys have to figure that out and that changes.


Pick another one can grow another Another. That's normally how it goes though. That's literally what you said earlier. Because potential is usually another what you do pick. Yeah. No. How do you have potential in communication? There's no potential there. So she needs some help. So drop Some game for, first of all, don't be putting my business out there like that. Yeah. No girl. I I potential You don't like how somebody talk, get a new one. That's why I'm single. Like it's a to, I mean, I know for me myself, like, because I started young with the person that I'm talking about. Once I grew to a certain point, there were certain things that I was just like, I don't know if I like that Stockholm syndrome. Oh wow. Okay. Is it that? Would that be that? Okay. Back to you. Okay. I, No, no. I love when people read Lord tell about herself. That to you.


I never thought about it as Stockholm syndrome. You just comfortable there. I mean I, yeah, comfortability was a lot. You grow to love your captor. Captor is crazy. Crazy. Damn man. You know, this is probably the most difficult thing about me being in a long-term relationship is that I see. Yeah. I could see You. know what I'm saying? You can't like You know there's a difference between marriage and boyfriend and girlfriend. Yeah. What Was, you can't just walk away When you guys, so outside of that being a difference, like when you guys went from boyfriend to girlfriend to marriage, what was like one of the biggest differences for y'all? I Don't know if I don't have a answer for that.


Because once I like you, that's it. I'm ma I'm jumping in until you be like, I'm cool. And then I detach that you asked me my superpower. Poof. You never existed. Damn. I don't believe that. You don't. No, I don't believe That at all. Not with, not with, not with your husband. When you writing stuff like every night I've been crying. I can't fall asleep laying in the bed in my diamonds. I still wear my ring. Why you still wearing the ring? Huh? Why you still wearing the ring? Not today, but in this song, she said that's a song. Okay. But you said we were reading your diary. So we take you at your word. No. That had nothing to do with y'all. All right. Remember some things, remember words are powerful.


So you telling us you don't let that man no more. You Telling us you don't wanna be with that man no more. When you say love, Oh, What do you mean by that? Love, love. Romantic love. No. Or Don't look at me girl. I don't know. I can't help you with This way. Parenting love all of the above. Spinning the to death to us part Love. Want to still be with you and have a family. Let's figure life out. Do better or worse. Love. Hmm. I don't know. But you Could fall out of love. I don't know. I, I'm very, I'm detached from it, man.


I don't, no, You not you, you acting so tough. Maybe you are, I Don't know. I'm not But didn't we talk about this last time? I No, We didn't. We didn't talk about me being on the spectrum. Yes, we did. Yes, we did. Did yes. Yeah. Got you. So no, when I say I detach, I really do. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Seriously? Yeah. Poof. Gone. You are not outta sight outta mind. Jesus. There's no gray area with you. No. Is there a reattachment that happens? I don't, I mean, I don't know how that works when you on the spectrum. I don't know. I think with anyone, there's a safety and trust issue, Right?


Once that's violated, it's, I read somewhere it takes two years to regain trust once you, once it's broken. So just consistent behavior. True. Which we talked about in the beginning. Depending on the person could take way longer than that. Depending on how you is, Depending on what it is. But it is. But if I, if I, if I consistently come over to your house and every time I come, your dog bites me. Put the dog up or I'm gonna assume that you are okay with that. Right. And you don't feel the need to keep me safe. So I'm not gonna come back over here. So he was putting the dog on You know. I, That was an analogy.


Jesus Christ. Because they'll run with that as a headline. By the way. You know Peter will have a You know what? I would just stay off the internet once this comes up. On the fun side of things, you do Have Gorilla on the Album, but love her. But she's the only feature Feature. Why is she the only feature? I, first of all, I feel like I don't really make songs that require that. Yeah. And like, I really wanna stress the fact that like, this project was a and r. It wasn't like got you just in the free in the studio freestyling making records. Like I wanted to have certain tones like what don't I have here? Does this song need drums? Does it not? I don't know. You know. So we really thought about like who could be on my records.


And it's not, I don't believe in that just throwing a artist on a song just 'cause they got 50 million monthly listeners. Like Right. You know what I'm saying? Doesn't make sense. I actually really like Glow. She's funny, super talented. And she's singing on there. So when I first heard it, I was like, oh, sing rilla. I love this For me. Yeah. I don't, I don't make songs that, if anything it would be like a, a duet male female. Right. But who would that be? There's not very many active r and b men. Who is there? I already have a song Usher working on getting one with Chris.


Maybe. I just came off tour with him. How Was that? Fun. Yeah. Super fun. What did You learn on the 1111 tour? I learned how to push my energy all the way to the top and to connect with everybody. It was my first tour. So like, looking back at the footage, even now, I'm just like, while I can see like the, the greenness, but when I was in it, it's just like, it was just new. I gotta, I gotta get up here. Like I, I gotta do it. There was only one night where it wasn't that great and that's just because like the first night in Atlanta, they was like, girl, who is you?


We came here to see Christopher. We do, we do that war. You really? Yeah. People with hours and hours and all the songs and all the things. I mean they always in the last 15 minutes of my set Got you. The, the arena light up. Everybody's singing. That's never gonna get old. But like all the songs in the middle that maybe some people know and some people don't. That's where the work is, is like for me, connecting with them and showing them who I am, talking to them, showing my personality, things like that. So it was fun. I learned a lot. Well what, what song do you want to hear off The Album? Let's get into a join off the Album One song Off the Album.


We could play Bessy. I love Bessie. Yeah. Bessy Come Down. Bessy. This is a song about, first of all, this is the first song that I took ever that I did not write. I tweaked a few things to make it fit me. But Upt tempos is not really my thing. I do ballads and like introspective type stuff. So when Terron played it for me, I was like that whatever that is, I need that please. And then I just changed it. 'cause there's a lot of bestie songs. I just changed the spelling 'cause that's how we actually say it on a song. That's my Bessie. And yeah, it's fun. It's a fun record. You know. You know. I wanted to ask you, and you made me think about it when you was talking about performing on stage, what do you enjoy more?


'cause you've made money doing both being a a, a artist or a writer. I enjoy being able to say what I wanna say when I wanna say it. And I also really did not have fun as a songwriter just because of the way that songwriters get treated. Oh wow. So I prefer to like have my own autonomy. Gotcha. Well ladies and gentlemen, money long. Money long. We appreciate you for joining us. Thank you so much for having me. And Let's get into Bes Right now. I'm looking forward to the next project. Don't get me wrong. Revenge is dope. Dusty Uhuh. What? I just am, 'cause I came up on the You know marriage j Blige. What's the 4 1 1? My life era can't act like that.


That heartbreak music wasn't fantastic. Not saying you're going through heartbreak, whatever you're going through. I'm saying you're going through a lot of different emotions. I can't wait to hear that expressed through music, but I'm not though. Why do you think it? I'm not going through a bunch of emotions. It feels like it a bit, but we, I mean, You know yourself better than we do. But yeah, I can't tell you what you do. I just can't imagine being in that space. You know everything and now it's out there in the public and you gotta do press and you gotta You know relive and re-talk and all that stuff. So Yeah, no, if anything it's a little bit of like frustration. Why y'all keep bringing this up? Why you keep reminding me? 'cause I forgot, Honestly. 'cause of your two interviews in the music, that's all. It's not just here.


Like even in life. Yeah, right. People be like, I'm so sorry. I'm like for what? 'cause of the interviews in the music. That's really what it is. You write a song called Ruin Me and you tell us that you gonna sleep with your ring on every night. It's like, oh, oh, Oh yeah. What Was that? Honey Violin. The Money Long. Thank you for joining us. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


Take a deep dive into the stories, making the news headlines across The World the news agents. We are not just here to tell you what's happening, but why from me, Emily Mala and Me, John Sopel With Global's Award-winning podcast. The news agents dropping daily, covering everything you need to know about politics and current affairs and the Newsagent's USA following every twist. And turn in the race for the White House. Listen to the news agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hey gorgeous. It's Paris Hilton. Get the party started with my new Album infinite icon out now and stream the new single Bad Academy Welcome To the Bad Academy. I wanted this Album to be an escape. Take people to a happy place where they can heal and party in equal measure. And most of all, be your own unapologetic icon. Listen on iHeartRadio and visit infinite icon.com to order the Album sponsored by 1111 Media.


Hey, it's me, Tyler, both Open Earbuds or stylish. The color, it looks almost like a earring. I feel like it could go with anything. The music I'm making right now feels like a holiday. I wanna look like it too. Eh, check out boz.com for more.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall. Irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice gold. Ah, is Coke zero sugar the best Coke ever? Try and decide


Residents at BrightView Senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dul Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior, independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.