
What does a therapist do when her family is the one who needs a little help? Seek therapy. Of course, don't miss the new season of the Hulu Comedy Unprisoned starring Carrie Washington and Delroy Lindo with a father outta prison. A son with growing anxiety and a therapy practice in serious trouble. Carrie Washington's page needs to pull her family back together by any means necessary. Get ready for a new season of raw comedy and heartfelt connection on Unprisoned. All episodes are now screaming only on Hulu


Black Tech. Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities. That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


There are moments in life that are so special that you have to capture them and save them forever. They're one of those once in a lifetime events like your baby's first steps, the first time you bring your family pet home, or your daughter's first dance performance with iPhone 15 Pro more storage means you don't have to delete anything that can become a lasting memory one day. And it's important to be able to share these moments with family members who weren't there to see them in person. Store more, share more. Connect with iPhone 15 Pro on at and t. Get iPhone 15 Pro on at and t and get an iPad and Apple Watch for 99 cents per month. Each at t connecting changes everything. Limited time offer requires 0% apr, 36 month agreement on each while qualified customers. Other terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone for details.


Be warned that once you pick up a refreshingly cold drink from McDonald's and people see just how refreshingly cold that drink from McDonald's is, you may create drink envy because there are drinks then there are drinks from McDonald's For a morning brew that really creates a stir. Get any size iced coffee, including caramel and French vanilla for just 99 cents before 11:00 AM. Price and participation may vary, cannot be combined with any other offer or combo meal.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. You got some special guests joining us this morning. That's right. We have Kerry Washington and Delroy Lindo. Welcome. Thank you. Woo. Woo. Good morning to you both. Kerry, first and foremost, how are you? You still catching Covid like a 2020, Right? I'm, I am. I'm back in the 2020 era. God help us. I'm doing okay. I'm getting better. One day at a time. That's good. But thank you for being able to do this virtually. 'cause I love our show. And. I wanna be able to talk about our show and not get anybody else sick, so thank you.


That's right. And Delroy, how you doing, brother? I'm doing well. I'm doing very well. Thank you. Doing well. Yeah, man. Salute you. Delroy the legend. You've been, you've been acting for almost 50 years, or has it been 50? I lose track, but somewhere around there. Yeah. What does that, what does that mean to you? What does it mean to me? You know what I'm, I'm really, I feel fortunate that I'm still working, to be honest, man. Knock on wood, and, and still doing work that people seem interested in. So I feel that that feels real good. Absolutely. And this feels good being involved with a project like this. Isn't that right, Ms. Washington? Unpleasant. I was just thinking we're the lucky ones. You know that he's still working because he is, to me, Delroy is one of our national treasures.


He's like, absolutely. He's an og. He's on my Mount Rushmore of acting. So Wow. That he's still doing it is so generous. Really? Because he could be like, I'm good. I brought my A game. Everybody knows how good I am. But he's still like, invested in everything he does. He makes better because he's in it. So we are blessed that he's still working. Yeah. And he just brings us joy, not because of his You know craft. You know. Whenever we get a glimpse of that meme where he's dancing in the club and five blush You know, that didn't look like acting to me though. Right. I was like, he was just having a good time. I like that energy. So You know what that's, that's a, that's a good example of something having caught on.


I had that I had no idea about You know. But it's, it's, it's, it's, it's a terrific kind of example of the work kind of reaching a broader audience. Absolutely. 'cause the, the, the fact that it gets onto social media like that becomes like a thing in itself. Which is, which is an added an added bonus to, to, to, to being an actor and working. 'cause You know when we're doing that scene. I didn't think about that. You know. I didn't think that it was gonna be on social media like that. So it's it's good. It's Pretty good. How many times you had to do that? Take You know what we did it maybe twice because Spike thought about it in the moment. It was literally, we're gonna do this.


Oh, no, no, no, no. Yeah, that was not, that was not scripted. Right. Wow. He came to us, say, we were in the club. We were doing another scene in the club. He said, let's just do this And I. Think we did it twice. Wow. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Who, who let before we were get into un prison, but before, who let You know that that was going so viral and still go so viral to my son. Okay. My son, And I started getting You know, look at this, look at this, look at this. But I, I I had no Idea. Now season two of Unprisoned is out now on Hulu for people who've never seen break down what Unprisoned is about. Start from season one. Carrie, you want to take that? I mean, I, I'm, I'm, no, only because I'm happy to talk about it, but I want Carrie to talk about it just because my involvement with this, the reason I want Carrie to talk about it is because Carrie is the one who, who brought me into this project.


And as I said last night, I, I, I don't know If, you heard this, Carrie, but her leadership, her relationship to this project, and because she has a particular relationship to the project, she has a relationship to everybody involved in the project. And she was the one who reached out to me initially to say, will you come do this? So You know it sits in her heart in a way that I, I mean, I want her to talk about it because she's partially responsible Right. For getting the thing off the ground. So you take it Ms. Washington, Sir.


I mean, one of the things I love about being a producer is that I get to be a part of work like this with people that I so admire and telling stories that I think matter. So this, this show is inspired by the life of a woman named Tracy McMillan, whose dad was in and out of prison her whole life. And it's really about this kind of intergenerational relationship between a dad, his daughter, and his grandson. And when the dad comes outta prison, he comes to live with them and kind of how the three of them figure out how to coexist. So it's, it's about what it's like to be a returning citizen.


You know when you're leaving the system and trying to reenter into The World, but it's also about what it means to love a returning citizen and be in a family that's grappling with how we are impacted by this. So-called Justice system, and it's so meaningful to me because there's so many of us who have been impacted by the system, who have family members who've been incarcerated or been incarcerated ourselves. I mean, we did a, we, we were at a film festival last year when the show first aired, and we did four sit down interviews, and three out of four of the journalists had a parent who had been incarcerated. And they were all different races too.


I mean, this story, I'm very proud. This story is very much the story of a black family and the particular challenges and joy that we experience. But this is also an American story. Like we are all dealing with the tragedy that is the justice system in this country and how it impacts us and, and for generations. But what I love, one thing I I would say is that you wouldn't think, having said all that you would, would think it's like, like a very heavy show. But part of what made me fall in love with this show is that it's a comedy. I mean, it's a dramedy, but it's, there's, it's, there's a lot of like joy and love and laughter, because that's also who we are as a people. Like we are resilient, we are survivors.


And, and this character that Delroy plays Edwin is like such a beautiful example of how we may have stereotypes about who's in the system. Well, Think we have stereotypes. Yes. We think we know who those people are, and we do not. That's right. I gotta I gotta jump in really quickly because Yeah, please, Carrie. Yes. We are a black family, but one of the strengths of this work is that we are dealing with our humanity. And humanity transcends race. Race, yeah. Right. And, I've been thinking since five bloods actually, I started articulating this in a lot of the interviews that I was doing around five bloods If.


you think you guys know this. One of the main problems that African descendant people have had since time immemorial is the rejection of our humanity. That's right. That's, that's, that's the, that's the beginning, the middle and the end of the thing right there. That we are not considered to be human. Now with a show like this, with work like this, yes, it's a black family, but I believe that one of the strengths of this work has to do with the fact that we're first and foremost presenting human beings who happen to be black. And because we're investigating the foibles of that, of the, of those dynamics, I think And, I, dunno what you think, Carrie, but I think it's resonated, transcended itself beyond this is an examination of a black family.


Right. And that's one of the strengths of, of this work. I will tell you that last night, Carrie, at the, so we had the premier premiere, the, the, the premier screening last night. And this has happened to me a lot in the, in the two years we've been doing this. Sister came up to me and said, Mr. Lindo, I just want to thank you for the work. My daddy was incarcerated for 10 years when I was a little girl. And the notes that you all are hitting in this work really resonate for me personally. And that's another one of the strengths of this, of this work as far as I'm concerned that it has You know, piggybacking on what Carrie said, it, it touches people in personal ways.


And, and I'm not necessarily surprised about that, but it's, every time it happens, it's an affirmation of the strength and the value of what we're doing. You know. Well, You talk about You know, I I was watching you talk about breaking generational curses, right. That that was seems one of the things that was most important. Yeah. Because you touch things of, of family members going to jail and how a lot of times when they come out, people feel ashamed. You talk about biracial relationships, fathers trying to get back into their daughter and do those things. So why was that all important? 'cause those are all topics in our community. Sometimes we don't necessarily talk about outside the house. Amen. So as Carrie was, was speaking, and she, she talked about the process that is, that's alive in this, in this work of these three individuals, myself, my daughter, and, and my grand and my grandson, Kerry's son played by Folly.


We're also, I, And I hadn't thought about this in these terms until you said it, Carrie, we're also unpacking what it means to love. What does love look like, right? Yeah. Yeah. And when you talk about the intergenerational blockages to that and how, for instance, black men as an example, how we are socialized to believe we are supposed to be a certain way. And our gener your generation, my gen, we're all trying to interrupt that. And this show is at the heart of that because we're trying to figure out, and you say it, Carrie, in the, in the first episode of season two, that we need to break this chain.


We need to break this process of this intergenerational pathology repeating itself over and over and over again. So there are all kinds of aspects to this work that Yeah. Speak to the condition of being an African de descendant person and what we deal with as families, as individuals. But it's human man. It's human. Right. I love, I love the, What I loved about your question was that you said these are things that we don't necessarily talk about outside the home. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And the reason we don't is because we think we're the only ones. And so we have this shame, right?


We have, we have shame that causes us to keep our secrets and not air our dirty laundry. The power of a show like this is that we get to, we get to provide people with an opportunity to see themselves reflected on a larger scale. Right? Right. So people get to be in their homes, but they know that they're not alone. 'cause we're all dealing with trauma of some sort. We're all trying to figure out how to love our kids. We're all trying to figure out how to love our parents. We're all trying to figure out how to free ourselves. Whether it's free ourselves from prison bars or free ourselves from the limitations that other people have placed on us. We're all on these journeys of like, we're Trying to figure out how to eat love, self each other ourselves, all of It.


Yes. Yes. So, so we get to, with joy and humor, we get to kind of say to somebody like, here's the dirty laundry. Every every family has it. We're all navigating it. If we can put it out there and talk about it more freely, we can actually free ourselves. That's the joy of the show is like, this family's drama is out for you all to consume and take in feel less alone, and then we all move forward together. And it Plays that in therapy too. I was gonna say that it plays that in therapy. Like You know, we, we've been talking about in the last couple of years, more and more about going to therapy, but it plays out in therapy. And one time that was something that nobody ever talked about going therapy, getting help.


So the fact that as a family y'all go together is, is is I think is big as well. Before we get to the therapy aspect, I, I wanna go back to the intergenerational thing because You know Carrie's had something just now we don't talk about it outside of the house because we don't talk about it inside of the house. Amen. Right. And that's what I love that y'all do in the show. Y'all are having those intergenerational conversations within the house. So just talk to people about how important it is to have intergenerational conversations to not be so segregated in the home. Oh man. As we're all talking this morning, and I'm listening to Kerry and I'm listening to the questions you guys are coming up with, what's occurring to me as it relates to your question and as it relates to just my own life, there's a safety we get to examine these dynamics within the construct of this television show.


Right. Frankly, and, and, and, and partially my answer to your question is that I get to investigate for myself as a human being on the planet. How these things, how intergenerational trauma pathology has impacted me. And, I get to use the conduit of Edwin, the character that I'm playing to investigate some things that are very personal to me as a result of that. I come on a show like this and we, in this case, as as black men, as black woman, get to discuss these things, right.


And And I, honestly, sometimes I feel I can, and I've said this before, sometimes I feel I can be more articulate in my work addressing certain issues that I can as a regular human being. That's, that's trippy, frankly. Because, because when I take a half a step back and recognize that, acknowledge that, then I ha then I'm faced with the challenge of, okay, man, you did this in an acting job. Now address it for yourself outside of the process of acting. That's right. Right. At least You you open up the conversation though. You Open up the conversation.


Yeah. You open up the Conversation. Yeah. I mean, I think one of the things that's powerful is that for when you watch the show If, you watch it with loved ones. You have, in the same way that Delroy is saying, like he can explore his issues through Edwin. You also, somebody watching the show can explore their issues through Paige, my character. Right? Like all day long, you can have a conversation all day long with your husband about something that Paige is going through and it gives you like space to kind of hide behind Paige's crazy. 'cause she's a little bit neurotic and crazy. And, and, and that way it makes it easier. I ride crazy. I think when, when Ourto, when the storytelling that we're exposed to is telling the truths about all of us, then it makes everything easier to talk about whether it's in our home or outside our Home.


So hold up. No, go ahead Carrie. Go ahead. Go ahead. No, no, go ahead. Okay, so another personal kind, an anecdotal affirmation. I'm in the Apple store about, I don't know, five months ago getting a new phone. Sister comes up to me in the Apple store and says, thank you for imprisoned. And she goes on to talk about the fact that her daddy was, was incarcerated. But then she says, I think I told you this Kerry, I'm not sure my auntie Yeah, you Did. You did. My auntie is exactly what Kerry Washington is doing. That's my aunt right there. Again, these personal, these personal anecdotal affirmations that we're doing, that what we're doing has a particular kind of value You know.


And going back to your, your original question, what do I call you, man? Do I call you Charlemagne or I shouldn't call you Charlemagne the God, what do I, what do people call you? Whatever you Feel like, brother, you say Charlemagne, that's fine. Charlemagne. Charlemagne. That's going back to your original question. I don't know that we saw all of the, the potential, Carrie, when you And, I had that very first Zoom call when you first kind of pitched this to me. I don't know, I, When I begged you, when I begged you to come be on this show, I wasn't gonna put you out there like that sis. Okay? When we first had the conversation, we didn't necessarily know it would have this kind of resonance and impact.


But there was one critical And, I do need to, we need to include Tracy in this right. Tracy McMillan, whose life journey has been the inspiration for this work. They said to me, both Tracy and Carrie said to me they wanted to break the stereotypical image that people have of a formerly incarcerated cat. Right. You, you think, oh, this cat's been in cars. This cat's been in and outta prison since her, his daughter was a little girl. His last bid was 17 year, he did a 17 year bid. But then Tracy said to me, but If, you my, if my father walked into this into a restaurant right now and just sat down and started to have a conversation, you would not necessarily know that he had been, that he's a formerly incarcerated.


That's right. That piqued my interest right there, because then I said, well, what kind kind of an, what kind of a cat is this? What's his personality? The charm when I met him. Absolutely. So to to, to, to what I'm getting at is the fact that from the very beginning we were about the business of, of attempting to break stereotypes. Lemme ask you a question, You know Sure. You're you're in your seventies and You look amazing. I don't talk about that part, man. Okay. I'm sorry. My bad. You look good. My mother. You look great. Good. I'm looking at you like inspiration. But the reason I say that is, is my father is, he just turned 80, my mother's in her seventies. God bless him. Thank. Yeah, absolutely. So when I, when I look at them, their way of thinking and their way of doing things Yeah. Is totally different from us.


Right? I hear you. So how was that? What you acting? Because things evolved. So You know when my mom and dad, it was like a kid's place is a kid's place. Yeah. They didn't talk about things, but my kids is a lot different. And so how was it for you evolving to a different way of thinking, a different way of learning and seeing The. World? Okay, so I have a, I have a, a son who's just turned 23. And the, the joke that I tell and, and Karen And I as parents have, have had these kinds of con conversations as parents, our relationship to our kids. Right? What I always say about, for instance, my father who did not raise me, what I took from the way that my dad did not raise me, he gave me a really good lesson in what not to do in terms of raising my son.


And that's valuable, that's really valuable for me. I would say that because my son is 23 And, I've been raising him for You know, 20 plus years. My ethos, my philosophy, my way of being with my son has evolved and developed way before I started doing on prison. However, I don't know how it is for you all, but likewise, I came up in a time when little kids should be seen and not heard. Right? One of the first components of And I don't wanna tell anybody how to raise their kids, of course, but community.


But communication is everything. Everything, everything. Everything. You gotta, we, we have to talk to each other. We gotta talk to our kids. Because frankly, as you all know, those of us who are parents, kids see everything they do. Whether, whether they articulate to or not, they are watching and they see everything and they know bullshit. Right? So I guess lesson number one, challenge number one for me as a parent is how can I be as, and I'm not always successful, but how can, how can one be as authentic as one can be? And I know that's a very hack knit and overused term.


But to try to be as genuine and open with my child as I can be. And that's one of the challenges. And by extension. By extension, how do we do that with our friends? That's right. How do we do that with our loved ones, man? How do we do that? And it's, it's an, it's an ongoing process. But I gotta say something, I gotta say something. I'm really thankful for this conversation right now, right? That this, whether it be the fact that this work has helped to engender this kind of a conversation. But the fact of the matter is we're having the conversation. That's right. And we're having the conversation, yes, we're having the conversation around the work, but we're having a, a conversation around the ideas, the dynamics that this work has produced and what we as human beings who happen to be black, are challenged to negotiate.


Right? And, I, I come back again. Carrie, that sister who, the young lady in the, in the Apple store who said, that's my auntie right there. And looking at you guys have not seen the second season, I'm assuming, right? No. Okay. So I looked at the se the episodes from the second season a few weeks ago. And I gotta tip my hat to the fact, Carrie, that you do not shy away from Paige's neurosis. You don't shy away from that. You jump in both feet. Now you do, you do, you jump in both Feet. I finally found a character that's as crazy as I am. Oh, check That. So that's, check that out.


Check that out. But you go there, you go there you do it. Yeah. And as a, as an actor working with that, working opposite that as an actor, as a human being, playing against that. It's admirable. It's admirable. And it all contributes. You know what's interesting, Delroy, I wanna tell you what's interesting for me is there's something, I think there's a little bit more of that for me in this season. And I. Don't think it's unrelated to actually the last time that I was here at The, Breakfast Club, I don't think it's unrelated to my memoir because there was something about me writing my book and being like, as fully vulnerable, The World, right?


I could possibly be. That allowed me to understand that Paige also was ready to be vulnerable at a different level. Like this season, she's ready to be like more raw and to, because she really wants to heal. Like so much of what this season about is about guys, is that my son is struggling. And so even though my dad, And, I have been like dancing around each other trying to coexist when his grandson, my son starts to struggle. That's the thing that gets us in family therapy because we're like, whatever stuff we're working out, whatever issues we have, it should stop with us.


We should not be passing this on to the next generation. And the only way to do that is if we show up and, and like unpack it. If we wrestle with the stuff that is limiting us, that is preventing us from being who we wanna be, if we can unpack that stuff, then we can prevent ourselves from passing it on to him. So You know, I think a lot of it is like I was doing that work in between season one and season two in my own life. So much And, I really understand this like need that Paige has to do the work to really figure out who she is so that she doesn't irresponsibly just pass her issues on to the next generation.


I want to ask about that, Carrie. 'cause You know Paige is a therapist on the show. Clearly she's a therapist who needs a therapist. So I want to ask you every, All of them do, lemme tell you. That's right. If your therapist doesn't have a therapist, get a new therapist. That's What I was gonna ask. I was gonna ask, how do you believe therapy is gonna help Paige, but in real life, If, you go to a therapist who didn't have a therapist. I think I, one of the things I love about this season is like some of the funniest episodes this season. I don't know If you agree Delroy, but I think our therapy scenes are some of the funniest episodes this season. They are like, last season we had a big, big profound And Profound, right? Last season we had a big dance battle scene.


This season we have a, an episode where we're in family therapy and it actually turns into a wrestling match, like a WWF wrestling match. I've Seen that. Yeah, I've seen it. It's so much fun. And it really is this idea of like, we have to wrestle with it. We have to wrestle with this stuff. And I think a therapist. Nobody's perfect. So to me, I always wanna make sure that my therapist is in therapy because nobody is perfect. Everybody Therapy is not about being wrong or bad or broken. It's about perspective and growth. So everybody should be, to me, if you're a therapist, you should also be bouncing your ideas off of somebody so that you are fully responsible for the time you're with your clients and you're not projecting your stuff onto your patients.


That's right. One thing You Know, one, one thing I I did see that it's gonna be, it's gonna, a lot of people are gonna really take to it is when, I guess there's a scene where your son wants to talk to his dad and you're like, Nope, it's not gonna happen. I don't like him. It's not gonna happen. And I know that happens in a lot of relationships where women might not mess with their baby daddy. That's not right though, Carrie, But you, but you're like, can Kids need their father? And he's like, I want to text my dad. And that's the wrestling mass that I seen. So talk about that a little bit and how that scene came, came about. It's so, so again, this is like inspired by Tracy McMillan's life, but also we have this incredible room of writers all also led by Yvette Lee Bowser, who is like Amen.


A comedic goddess. Like she was behind living single, like all the shows in the nineties that we love the most. Yvette Lee Bowser had her fingerprint on them. And so she, she's part of why we're able to have this incredible comedic tone in what we do. Also, Tracy's just hilarious too, but this, this issue of like You know Paige has issues around control and she feels like her baby daddy hasn't been present in the way that she's wanted him to be. And so she has a block on their relationship, which is so ironic, right? Because she knows the issues that she deals with from her own dad being in and out of her life. And yet she's repeating that pattern with her son by preventing his dad.


So, so I will let You know that they worked through it, okay. And we do get to meet his dad this season, okay. Which is amazing and it's very humbling for Paige to, to have to You know, be open to that. And one, one of the things I And I wanna toss to you Delroy, because this is one of the ways you see where the intergenerational village is so important because there are ways in which Paige doesn't know how to walk her son through this journey. Amen. But her father as another man can walk her son through this journey with a different kind of wisdom and a different kind of presence.


And so you realize why it's so important for us to be able to work on our family connections and heal our family wounds. Because the more that we're able to be in community with our family, the more growth we can have. He is my grandson. Finn is an ex is an extraordinary bridge between you, And I on this journey. Yeah. And the young actor of Folly who's, who's grown like exponentially in this work. And I. I met his parents last night. And I told them. And his, his mom started kind of, I'm gonna start crying, but it's, it's brilliant that he is there functioning as this bridge and You know we're sitting here and we're having this conversation.


And I didn't know it would be all this. I mean, Carrie, I mean You know. We didn't know it would, it would resonate like this. We didn't know that it would it, It's telling a story that, that that needs to be told in our communities. Amen. And it's, it, It's actually a new story for our community. It is. Over the last few years we've been having these conversations. So to see it in art, it's like, wow. And, and, and we, yeah. What does a therapist do when our family is the one who needs help seek therapy? Of course.


Don't miss the new season of the Hulu comedy Unprisoned starring Kerry Washington and Delroy Lindo with a father out of prison. A son with growing anxiety and a therapy practice in serious trouble. Carrie Washington's page is determined to pull her family back together. Nothing is uncomplicated on Unprisoned, especially family. Will they be freed from the generational issues and old wounds holding them back? John Stamos guest stars is an unorthodox, radical healing coach who goes toe to toe with Paige. As family secrets come out. Can Paige and her crew move forward? Get ready for a new season of raw comedy and heartfelt connection on imprisoned. All episodes are now screaming only on Hulu.


State Farm insurance gets it. Representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. State Farm understands and wants to help protect our communities by investing in our future building off the hard work our parents have done before us. We all are looking to create generational wealth so that our families and generations behind us have a better starting point than we did. That begins with financial literacy. State Farm helps fund programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to the educational achievement of black and brown youth. To date participants have been awarded over $11 million in scholarships offers as a direct result of contributions from State Farm at Eating Wall Broke. We hear inspiring rags to richest stories on each episode from our guests. But with State Farm, you can begin to write your own success story. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in a spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and stok in the scenery. You have the Great Outdoors Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains, seize the thrill, and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent. All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction. All conditions always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. Seen, Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure Cargo@public.com.


We've brought all your investing together in one place. From stocks to options bonds to treasuries and crypto, it's all here. You can even put your cash to work at an industry leading 5.1% a PY. It's the most simple yet sophisticated investing experience on the market. A place where all your investments are just a tap away because why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all. Meet your new primary portfolio public.com. A US-based company and member of finra. With award-winning customer support, all you are investing in one place, 5.1% A PY is of 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C, not a bank, not investment advice.


MIT's mission is to solve problems for a safer world. If, you have a passion for applied cybersecurity with skills in infrastructure, threat intelligence, deterrence technologies, advise threat emulation or intelligence analysis. Explore the many challenging and fulfilling career opportunities@mitre.org slash careers. That's MITR e.org/careers.


And we didn't know it would have this, I did not know it would have this impact necessarily, but what I did know, and this is what I try to speak to last night, Carrie, was that there was a real commit, commit. There seemed to be a real commitment to we want to, we want to, we want to try to climb up this mountain, we want to try to traverse this mountain and we want to try to do this thing. And that was the, and we wanna try to do it like this. And I don't mean that it was kind of prepackaged, but our objectives were we wanna, we wanna flip the script on this thing if we can. And that was one of the things that got my attention and made me feel okay.


Yeah. IIII want, I'd like to be a part of this journey. You know. So I think the irony of of, of Ms. Washington having covid right now is that during Covid, so many of us were forced to sit down and be still Yeah. For the first time in a long time. Yeah. So a lot of people had to look in that mirror. And that made a lot of people start realizing, I don't really necessarily like what I see. I need to go do some work on myself. Yes. But I'll tell you a little secret If, you were to ask me what did And I was like everybody else. First of all, I got the first round of Covid and it it, it kicked me in my, in my behind. I mean, it, it, it did, it did a number on me.


But If, you were to say to me in that, in that eight months that you were in the house with your family, how has it ch how did it change you? I know it did change me, but I'd be hard pressed to articulate it. One of the things that was, and this is gonna sound so weird, but one of the things that was, I didn't mind being in the house by myself. Me, Me, me either. I loved it having the whole family around you. I loved, I loved it. The anxiety and parental paranoia was gone. I knew where everybody at. I loved it. I loved it. I did too. And I. I was not aware of that. I was just in it, just doing it and, and, and turning TV on and, and, and watching things that you wouldn't ordinarily watch That part, I dug that part.


Me too. So what does that say about me? But I, but were you doing work before Covid? Because I was in therapy before Covid. Oh, you were? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. No. Okay. No. Now see this Well, You've always been doing work on yourself, Joe. Right. I think through your, through your craft, you are a very self, self-aware person. I think you use the work to do a lot of the kinds of self-reflection that other people do in therapy. I want to believe that. No, that is true. It is true. Because I have not had, yes, I've had therapists over the years, but my journey, a journalist asked me last night and she said something like, You know what's your, what's your personal relationship to therapy?


You know, have you, have you been in therapy? How has therapy helped you? And I looked at her. And I said, next question, please. I was, because what that question did was it challenged me to investigate my own relationship to therapy. Now, I was not about to do that with this journalist Right. On a, on a red Carpet, Red. But to, to your question, was I doing work before? And to what Carrie said, again, it sounds like a, a real, a hacked cliche.


But, but my work has saved my life. It saved my life. It saved my sanity. My work, my work, my work and my work has become, has, has become even more important to me because I haven't had a journey, a consistent journey with a therapist. I didn't come out of the school that said, umm black man, I don't need therapy. I didn't come out of that school, but I had this thing And I still have this thing in my head. I wanted a black male therapist. Yeah. I felt I wanted a black male therapist. And they're hard to find. I mean, it may not be as difficult now, but historically, for myself knowing years ago that I needed to be in therapy, when I started looking And I was right here in New York City.


Living in New York. I wanted a black therapist. And I found one eventually. Who, who, who retired. Had he not retired, I would've stayed with him. But it's hard, it's hard to find a, a, a therapist that one really vibes with who kind of gets it. And. I felt that with all of the other dynamics I needed a black male. I felt like I needed a black male. Somebody that's culturally competent. Yes. That you don't gotta explain things to certain things too. Absolutely. Absolutely. You know another theme in this show, man, I love any conversation about dealing With your inner child. So, so Carrie, talk about the significance of the interactions. She's brilliant. Paige has with her, her, her inner child.


That little girl is brilliant. She's Jordan Macintosh. She's phenomenal. She's and You know If. you haven't seen the show yet. For anybody who's listening, go back and watch the first season. Also because we get to meet Edwins inner child as well. And it's to, it's one of my favorite episodes of the series. But I, working with Jordan is so joyous for me. You know, when we were casting this character of Little Paige, there, there were actually two actresses. It came down to these two young actresses. And one of them looked more like me than Jordan. Like, she really looked like me. And we were going back and forth between like, is it her, is it Jordan?


And the difference between what they brought to the roles, both extraordinary young actresses, but the other girl who looked more like me was, had this kind of sweet innocence of a child. And Jordan comes out the box swinging Right flavor. She's like flavor Of the wild man. Bold. And yes, she's so spunky and bold and excited and adventurous. And, and what we realized in that process of casting, we had to ask ourselves like, what is the point of little Paige on the show? And what we wanted little Paige to be was we wanted her to be You. know that part of you that exists before society tells you that you're not enough.


Absolutely. That part of you that is brave and bold and fearless. And it's before a teacher tells you you move too slow or you're too loud, or you're not pretty enough, or you're not like all the ways that society gets in your head. Yeah. And that's what Jordan was. Jordan was that fierceness of Paige of me before The. World told me a lie that I was not enough. Amen. Amen. And so when we hired her, it was such a gift to the show. 'cause that's what the inner child work is You know, And, I and If. you never heard of it. For every anybody who's listening, sometimes in therapy, you'll, you'll build a relationship with your younger self, with your inner child because you wanna go back and do the work to heal the spaces in you that adults weren't able to take care of.


Because listen, the adults in our life are not perfect. I know as a mom, I'm not perfect, right? Like we do the best we can, but part of being an adult is saying like, okay, maybe I didn't get everything I needed as a child, but now it's my job to go back and heal myself so that I can move forward. I can't just sit around blaming my mom and dad and whoever, whatever teacher in third grade for who I am today. Like who I am today is somebody who can take responsibility and heal myself and move forward. So the relationship with the little Paige, with my inner child on the show is so important because it's part of how Paige is doing the work to grow and move forward. What about you Mr. Linda? Well said Carrie. Well said.


Well said. Okay. Something that, everything that Carrie just said, everything that Carrie just articulated makes me think about something that I actually suffer from. And that is hiding behind my work. Everything. That much of what you just said, you're articulating how you try to fuse who you are, where you are in your process as a human being, and how you apply all of that into your work and specifically Unprisoned.


Yeah. But I would say more broadly just who you are on the planet and that Unprisoned is informing that it's not the other way around. If that makes sense for me. And you mentioned that little boy. One episode we had him, that young man as May inner inner child in one episode last in, in season one. That scene carried where he came and held my hand. And the, the beautiful thing about kids so often they're just, they're just being, just being kids.


They're just being kids. They're just being human beings. And he, and there was this profound, oh God, there was this profound, he came and here openness and just ness. And that connected me with who I might have been as a child. And it was, it was, it was an, it was If you, it was an, it was a really strong scene for all of us. To your question, my response to your question is, I am not sure, honestly, I'm really not sure what my relationship is to, In the work.


One does one's job, the result of one doing one, doing one's job. You then share that with audiences and it lands however it lands in a job like this. And various other jobs that I've done that have, that have have, that have meant something to people. I don't necessarily, I do not, unless I'm asked by a journalist, tell me about X tell me about YI don't deconstruct how or y but I'm kind of compelled to deconstruct when I'm asked certain questions, when I'm engaging in certain conversations.


So when you say to me, what about you Mr. Lindo? My first response is, I don't Know. I dunno. And on some level, that's a, that's a, that's a, that's a, that's a scary place to be. But it affirms that throughout all of my foibles, all of my insecurities, all of my neuroses as a, as a human being, something in the work centrally has some value to my fellow human beings. And that's why one wants to be an actor in the first place. Is is It because the character, Edwin, is forcing Delroy Lindo to have to deal with some things that Delroy Lindo has never dealt with.


Because I was gonna ask, like even with the inner child thing Yeah. You know you being a a, a elder, does your inner child ever get the healing they deserve and 'cause they say when you, great question. When you get to your age now, it's like you go back to being A child. No, great question. Great question. And I would say that I'm navigating that. I dunno if it's my inner child. I, I guess it is my inner child. I'm navigating that as we speak partially through the work. But I'm also running a, a memoir right now and in, and in and in and Carrie And I have talked about this somewhat, but in and in engaging in that process and engaging in stuff that happened to me when I was four or 5, 6, 7, 8 years old, I Right, right.


Yeah. Right. Yeah. Whew. Yeah. First of how does one understand that? How does one get to a place of understanding with that stuff? And I'm, I'm, I'm unpacking all of that right now. So I would say, I would say that this, I know more now than I knew four or five years ago. I, I know more now than I did 10 years ago. For sure. Your question, how is that for you Mr. Lindo? It's, it's, it's, it's an unfolding and evolving process as we speak, because It's, but even that, I'm sorry, I don't wanna interrupt you.


No, Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead, Carrie. I, I even that as I sit here watching you as one of our greatest, as one of our wisest, as one of our best, for you to have the courage to sit at a table and say, I don't know, I'm in process. I'm unpacking, I'm unfolding. That gives so many of us permission to be in process. Right. Right. And to me, that's so much of, of what we need is just the permission. Amen. To not have to like walk out the door and be perfect and have all the answers. But to say like, it's okay that I have days where I'm not sure it's okay. That I have days when I need help.


And, I think, I think that's one of the things that I love about our show is that we're so in process. We are a family that is so in process, but there's so much joy. Right? Like, we're not pulling our guts out to suffer. We're, we're doing the work because you get to see all through the season. Every time we do the work on the other side is more love, right. Is more joy is more acceptance. More belonging. True. Even when the love is flawed. True. Even when the love is flawed. Right. Love is flawed. Love is flawed. It's flawed all day long. Right. And we are and we're, we're, what's this? We, we we're, we're in the, we're in the mud man and we're trying to see, see it and and, and mold it and all of that.


And that's profoundly human. You said something. Yes. It's profoundly human. You said something that that's connected to what we are discussing right now. You said I'm going on Stephen Colbert tonight. Did you say that? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Given the events of the last, what day is this? Tuesday, Wednesday. About four days. Friday days given the be Thursday when it is. Okay. Alright. So given the events of, since last Friday, right. And then Saturday and Sunday, and you are going onto a, you are going into a, a sphere where, I dunno, If you're gonna talk about that, but we are 'cause it's live after the convention tonight.


Okay. Yeah. And I'm wondering, and this is to, this is, this speaks to how, how we connect with ourselves and how we communicate in The World. How much realness do you bring to that? All of it. Because it, this is a moment that's way bigger than us right now. It's way bigger than us. Way bigger than us. And You know, I'm scared right now, y'all. Yeah. We're at a very pivotal point in our, in our society right now. But it's more pivotal than the pivotal than how pivotal it was last week. Yes, of course. Yes, of course. It's sharper now. Absolutely. Because the way this has come down in the last four or five days. Absolutely. It's scary. Oh, it's, it's terrifying. On top of what the Supreme Court is doing, who I, what I don't even think is in a legitimate court anymore.


No. On top of Absolutely. The project 2025 on the way there's a Yeah, it's a lot. Right? It's a lot. A lot. And, and, and what we are, what we've been talking about in this, in this, in this, in this conversation, has to do with a certain kind of truth that we as actors are trying to get to truth for ourselves as human beings. Truth for ourselves as, as as creative workers. And we're trying to bring all of that together. And we are, and we're, and we're putting it out there. And now we, the next another dimension of having messed around with that truth is now dealing with how that truth has impacted our actor.


I'm sorry, our audiences, Which is crazy. Is, is You know Kerry, a lot of this seems like scandal. Like whoa. Like a lot of that seems like we've seen it before on your show. Can you talk about that? How this seems like, it's like it's reliving again Life. Yeah. There was a whole episode of Scandal that, that this happened. Yes. Art imitating life. Yes. Because people were saying mean, people were saying it's stage, but we, we know it's not stage. But it was episode of Scandal when he did stage it. Yeah. Yeah. I I think You know one of the things that, that I want us to be talking about more is that too many of us are not participating in the process, are not, are thinking that it's okay to not vote, are feeling like there's no point in participating.


But it's set up like that Carrie, the process is set up like that. I know, I know. But let me, let me just say Yeah, please, please. What concerns me is that so much of it stems from this belief that we have internalized that we don't matter. And that's part of why this work that we do matters to me is because we tell these stories so that people see themselves. Yep. So that they know that they matter. Yep. And, I want people to participate in our democratic process because I want you to know that you matter. Like this word democracy is getting thrown around. I what, what I wanna remind people is that what it means is a government for the people.


By The people. By the people. Now we don't do that perfectly in this country. I know that. We all know that. But the, we don't fix it by stepping out of the process. And, I know that that's hard because life is very hard for a lot of Us. Exci now. Excruciating. It's excruciating. And, and we feel like we wanna step out of the process because the process isn't made for us and the process isn't, isn't working for us. And the process doesn't include us. We have to force ourselves into the process because the alternative is not a government by the people, for the people, but an autocrat, which means like a, a president, a authoritarian rule.


That's right. Does whatever he wants, Whenever he wants, whenever he wants, However he wants. And No accountability. They're Not, they're not being coy about it. Like they have a very clear point by point, this project 25, it will have a catastrophic impact on education, on healthcare, on the economy. And they're not, not being shy about it. They are telling us that they want to change the government so that it is no longer a government by the people, for the people that it doesn't even have that dream. Right. That it's gonna be a government for the president and his friends. And we are not his friends.


I'm wondering if You know the way the Supreme Court is set up because as I said, they're not even a legitimate institution anymore. I'm wondering right now, are we, do we even have a healthy enough democracy to have a free and fair election in November? Okay. So I That's Totally legitimate question. It's A very legitimate, they telling us we gotta go You know We gotta wrap now. Okay, listen, one, one thing, Carrie, for all of us, 'cause this is, this is, this is, it's beyond critically important. It's existential. It's existential. I don't think that the people who are not participating are necessarily doing it consciously. Oh, I agree, Agree. Internalized. They've internalized this narrative that says, as you said, you don't matter.


It doesn't matter. You don't count. It doesn't matter. And you internalize that and then it becomes WTF. That's right. That's right. But that's, we have to say that's what we have to address. When you say, sorry, go ahead. No, no. That's what has to be addressed on. That's, that's what has to be addressed on some level. The the process in which folk have internalized just what you said, it doesn't matter. How do we unpack that? How do we deconstruct that and say, yeah, it matters. And how do we articulate that in a way that turns them on, flips the switch for them.


I don't know. I don't know when You know that's what We're facing. I don't know, but I do. But I do know that all the concerns we have will not be fixed by stepping out of the process. Amen. By deciding that there's nothing we can do that will not for sure be, that will not move us toward a solution. So I don't, I don't, I, I don't know what each person wants to do, but there's so much that we can do right now. We can check our own voter registration. We can reach out to five friends who, who we know aren't planning to vote and beg them. Try to help them to understand. Because the best person to communicate somebody to the importance of voting is somebody's friend or family member.


Not a celebrity, not a politician, not Anybody. Amen. Right. We can all support grassroots organizations. There are grassroots organizations all over the country who are doing the heavy work of democracy building. We can support those organizations. We can focus on local races, we can volunteer, we can make phone calls. We can, if we have the money to donate, we can do it. There's, there is so much that we can do. And And I find that when I am feeling hopeless and afraid, the more that I click into community and try to do something, the better I feel. Amen. So even if it's just like a part of your own mental health strategy. 'cause I believe that, that participating in politics is part of how IE exercise self-care and self love.


Like I express my love for my community by showing up in my democratic process. 'cause I know that it matters. So I just Want y'all to know this is the black dinner table. Yeah. When you think about all the issues we covered in a matter of 40 million, That's therapy. Biracial coming from jail, everything. Oh my God. I mean, we, we appreciate you guys for joining us so much. We, you, You guys go to Another, we need you guys back and especially You know individually so we can talk about your both of y'all careers in It's The 30 year anniversary of, Of Prickling. We gotta discuss that. Romeo must die hold. I No, I got, we I know y'all gotta go. I do have to ask the Romeo must die question. 'cause Mr. Lindo, you worked with Aaliyah DMX, you played Aaliyah's father.


Does it make you appreciate life more because you're still here at 71 and those two beautiful individuals have Passed on. Yes, yes, yes. A thousand times. Yes. And that, I didn't know DMX as well 'cause we didn't work together. But that young lady was such a beautiful spirit man. And I don't know she had this, I didn't know who she was before we did the film. Extraordinarily beautiful spirit. She was like a sponge. She just wanted, she wanted to learn. She wanted to, she wanted to move herself forward in, in terms of whatever her public, what, what her image was.


The young lady that I knew that I interacted with was an ex profoundly beautiful spirit. You know it broke my heart when we lost her man could imagine. You remember where you were when you heard the news? I, I know exactly where I was. I was in the ER with my son. Wow. I was in the emergency room with my son. My son had developed this breathing thing and we took him to the hospital. He was being seen by a doctor. And I stepped outside. I stepped outside to the parking lot. And I started getting all these texts. So sorry to hear, so sorry to hear And I said, what? What, what, what, what? And. I. And then a friend of mine said, oh my God, we lost Aaliyah.


Mm. And I screamed out. And I didn't know I'd screamed out. There were two sisters in the parking lot and they said, sir, you all right? And that's where I was. I was in the wow. I was in the Oakland Children's Hospital in the parking lot. Wow. When I found out about Aaliyah. Wow. Wow. So to your question, man, I, we, one doesn't always think about these things in these kinds of terms. I'm so, I'm so fortunate to still be here, but man, yeah. Wow. And then DMX, we didn't have any scenes together. I was walking down Canal Street. I was walking on Canal and, and Houston Street.


And this car pulls up a big black SUV and the window rolls down and his DMX, yo yo, yo, yo yo. I said, oh, what's He said? Man, keep doing what you're doing, man. I said, bet, bet, bet. That was it. Wow. The respect, the connection You know what I mean? Yeah. So the fact that they're no longer here, And, I am I'm living, I'm being a parent. I'm working, I'm doing important. I'm having important communications with important people. And when I say important, I'm talking about people who are culturally plugged in and committed to moving our, our culture forward.


And it's not just, it's not just this cultural thing. It's this, the fact that we happen to be human beings, African dis African descented human beings. And we're trying to move this thing forward for all of us. And, I gotta say this. It ain't just about black people. It's about the condition of being a human being on the planet of what we contribute, what we continue to contribute, what we contributed historically. And the fact that all the stuff we bring to the table, right. In this process of living that constantly gets downplayed and undervalued. And it's our jobs.


Going back to what we talked about origi in, in the beginning of this con conversation, to interrupt that process and say, Uhuh, we are here. We're important. This is what we do. And y'all have to listen to us. And it's critical to tell those me, to tell those stories to our children because they will then take it that step further. All Right. Well, there you have it. Season two. Thank you Washington. Thank you Miss Glen. Out now. God bless y'all. We thank you for joining us. Kerry Washington Delroy, Lindo. God bless. Thank you so much. Feel better. Thank you guys. Feel Better. Wake that ass up In the morning. The Breakfast Club


Mitre is investing in a massive AI supercomputer to power a new federal AI sandbox with AI's potential to drive transformational advances across industries. MIT's expertise in healthcare, cybersecurity, transportation, finance, climate, and national security will be critical. Transform your career while helping solve problems for a safer world. Visit mitre.org/careers. That's mi TR e.org/ Careers@public.com.


You can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY with no subscription required. That means zero monthly account fees or balance requirements, and you can withdraw cash whenever you like. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing, Inc. Member Finra, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more


During the summer when the weather gets hot. I can only imagine how much time you plan to spend outside with friends or alone on your couch with the AC blasted at T 5G and Home Internet keeps you connected so you can enjoy all the summertime vibes. Whether you're sharing pics from a Rooftop video, calling your friends from an outdoor concert or stream your favorite show episode after episode. So stay connected to your favorite people and your favorite things with at T 5G and Home Internet at T 5G requires compatible plan and device coverage not available everywhere. Learn more@att.com slash 5G for you.


Ready to get swept away in savings. Robo Rock will get you all tightened up during Amazon Prime days from July 15th through the 20th. Get the S eight Max Ultra for $400 off the qvo S for 200 off and a Q five max plus for 300 off and 300 off Q Revo Pro, which is also available at Target. Plus the best deal ever. Grab the SA Pro Ultra for 650 off. Check out Robo Rock during prime days@amazon.com or robo rock.com and enjoy innovative hands-free cleaning for less


You. know that feeling when you walk into your home. Take a deep breath, ah, and feel new. Well, that's what it's like to use Clorox Tiva because Clorox Tiva smells like coconut, cleans like Clorox, and feels like energy. It'll elevate any cleaning routine to not just clean, but also make every room smell like a tropical coconut getaway. Discover how Clorox cent's powerful, clean, and refreshing scents can transform your space. Get yours in coconut or other fabulous scents at a nearby retail store.