
Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor. State. Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required. Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Peace to the planet. I go by the name of Charlemagne tha God. And. I. Want to introduce you to Uber Teen Accounts, A connected account for your teen with trackable trips and highly rated drivers. Now I am the father of a 16-year-old daughter, so I need things like Uber Teen. Okay, your teen can feel a sense of independence and you can feel a sense of relief. You can follow their entire ride on a live tracking map. Perfect for those times when you want to be there, but can't. When your teen requests a trip, they are matched with highly rated and experienced drivers and you receive real time notifications. Every trip comes with enhanced safety features. Pin verification to ensure your teen enters the right vehicle. Live trip tracking for parents plus you, the parent can contact the driver directly from the app. Add your teen to your account today. Available in select locations. See app for details.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


Be merry, be bright, be loved. This holiday season with sparkling holiday gifts from Pandora jewelry, get wrapped up in the season of love with a precious piece of Pandora jewelry from festival charms to shimmering rings, earrings and lab grown diamond brighten up the holidays with glittering gifts for everyone on your list and one for you too. There are so many ways to show your loved ones their gift. Give the gift of Pandora jewelry and let your love shine even brighter. Be love. Shop Pandora jewelry today.


Wake that up in the morning. The Breakfast. Club. Good morning, it's Kamala. Morning, Madame Vice President. How are you? I am very well. How you doing this morning? Blessed black and highly favored Always for you. Hey, I hear an echo. Do you hear it? No, we don't. We don't hear echo. We'll lower you down a little bit so you don't hear your feedback. Can you hear it better now? The Feds might have the phone tap Well and the Russians don't forget them. That's right. Well Morning everybody, you need all The Breakfast Club. And we got a special guest on the line, the vice president Kamala Harris. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning everyone.


It's good to be with you again. Now how, how, First of all, how are you, first of all, how's your energy You? know I am. Well we are eight days out, seven well, a week out practically. And I am just, I'm in, I'm in the zone, right? We gotta cover a lot of ground. There's still a lot of people to talk with. And so I am traveling all over the country, in particular the the swing states to, to talk with folks and organize them and remind folks of the power of their vote. Well You know Madam Vice President You know I support you. This is Charlamagne You know I support you. The Breakfast Club supports you in 2018. When you came up here, I told you I thought you would be president one day. And I think God is setting us up for a woman of color president in 2020.


I'm with it. I think that it Senator Kamala Harris, I think she's our future president. I'm with it. And I hope she hope God puts his hands on her and says, You, know what? I want you to do this. All right. We thought it would be in 2020. I was on the campaign trail with you in 2020. So I'm happy to see you in this position. And the reason I'm stressing that I'm voting for you on November 5th is because Trump is, has been running these, these ads with myself and envy in them, these anti-trans ads without our permission. How do we combat that? Can we? Well, yes. I mean look, truth is always gonna prevail over the misinformation and the lies, but it takes work, right? And so having this conversation right now, so all your listeners know, but there is a lot of misinformation and disinformation because they don't actually want to talk about the truth because they, truth is a failing truth.


And so yeah, we gotta keep reminding folks of the reality, which is I'm blessed and and honored to have your support and the support of so many communities and individuals who are, their names are known. And some names You know, your listeners may not know, but they are leaders in their community. Now, Ms. Vital Vice president, if you were here, I would be holding up my Hampton University helmet, but we're not gonna go there today. I wanted to ask the other Hq I know, sorry. Both of y'all had experience Those. She said, I know, I'm sorry, of you had experience those Hampton, Delaware State University. Honestly, both of y'all should have attended. But we, we get it. We understand. I Wanted to ask about those trends ads. You know in the ads he's saying that You know Kamala Harris wants to spend taxpayers money for sex changes in jails.


He spent millions and millions of dollars on. And like Charlemagne said, having him and myself in that, how do you answer that for people that don't know And what, what is the real news when it comes to that? Well, first of all, to your point, he has spent tens of millions of dollars trying to hit me with a bunch of disinformation and misinformation on this. And he's living in a glass house because the policies he's speaking about in terms of those surgeries were also his policies. And the reality of it is that it would also, those ads relate to two people versus the fact that he wants to get rid of the Affordable Care Act, which would impact 45 million people. He wants to get rid of our $35 a month cap on insulin, which would impact millions of people, including millions of our seniors, black and brown folks.


Latinos are 70% more likely to be diagnosed with diabetes, black American, 60% more likely to be diagnosed with diabetes. He wants to get rid of all of that. He wants to take away healthcare through Medicare. And he wants to distract from the fact that he actually, not only does he have a plan on this versus no plan on anything else, but his plan is to get rid of healthcare coverage for the most needy. Hmm. Well, You know while he was at MSG yesterday, while he You know, he had to rally at MSG and he had people up there insulting Puerto Ricans and black people and Jewish people. You was actually in Philly reaching out to the black and Latino community.


Yes. And You know, it just turned out Charlemagne to be a real coincidence. But again, pointing out a, a stark contrast between he And I. Yes, I was in Philly meeting with leaders, many leaders in many communities, but including leaders in the Puerto Rican community to talk with them about my longstanding commitment to Puerto Rico, to the people who live on that island who have often been overlooked. In fact, they know. And we talked about the fact that when, even when I was in the United States Senate, knowing Puerto Rico doesn't have its own United States Senator, I was a leader in making sure that we would get relief to people on the island when it came to like the aftermath of Hurricane Maria. And what I shared with everyone is part of my opportunity economy as You know, which is about lifting up people around home ownership and small businesses that I will have a specific opportunity economy task force for Puerto Rico that will focus on the needs that they have in terms of fixing that electrical grid in Puerto Rico, and also bringing private sector investment together with government investment and non-profit investment onto the island to help with job creation and sustainability for the island.


Hmm.


The World is constantly changing. If it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior, a completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple Call play in a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-Wheel Drive, the Kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent All wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice, then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


This is Coke zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid, A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice gold. Ah, is Coke zero sugar the best Coke ever? Try and decide.


Be merry. Be bright, be loved. This holiday season with sparkling holiday gifts from Pandora jewelry get wrapped up in the season of love with a precious piece of Pandora jewelry from festival charms to shimmering rings, earrings and lab grown diamond brighten up the holidays with glittering gifts for everyone on your list and one for you too. There are so many ways to show your loved ones their gift. Give the gift of Pandora jewelry and let your love shine even brighter. Be love. Shop Pandora jewelry today.


Now we VP Harris, this is Lauren. Nice to meet you. We, we talk a lot up here about the Black Men conversation, the fact that people You know, they keep trying to push this whole Black men are not supporting Kamala Harris. That's a lie. And and my question to you is, is You know the fact that You know, even if it's a lie, people are still saying it. What is your strong push to any black man right now that feels like you're not speaking directly to them and about the things that they should care about for their families and for themselves? Well, Lauren, I have to tell you back to, to what Charlamagne is, is shouting in the background. The brothers aren't saying that I, I mean, I was just at the barbershop in, in Philly talking with very incredible and distinguished men who are leaders in their community and small business and education.


And these men, these black men were talking about not only their support from me, but most importantly their support from my perspective on what we can do that lifts up the community and taps into the ambitions and the aspirations. For example, the work that I will do that includes not only increasing access to capital for small businesses and minority on small businesses, but part of my agenda includes a $20,000 forgivable loan for startup small businesses who are invariably gonna be the folks that you, And, I are now talking about who just need that startup help to be able to buy the equipment or a startup, a meaningful website You know it because it can't just be starting up a business and having your cousin set up your website, right?


It's gotta be something where it can actually help you access markets and customers. These are the kinds of things we talked about. And I will tell you at the rallies that I am doing, where there are thousands of people, I just did a rally the other night. 30,000 people were there and the number of people cover the whole span of race, gender, and age. But the black men in particular who are at the rallies have recently been saying to me, don't you listen to that? And they gotta stop with all that noise. We support you. So I'm glad you raised the topic so we could actually deal with the reality of it versus what some of the media is trying to create as a narrative. Well, You know, You know, A poll came out yesterday that said it was a a BC news poll and it said that you're winning black men 85% and outperforming Biden by 14 points with black men from 2020.


So Yeah, I mean, listen, because I think, listen, I have said from the very beginning, black men are no different than any other voter. You have to earn their vote. And, and, and part of the, the challenge, I think with the perspective in this narrative has been to suggest anybody's got black men in their pocket. No, you have to earn the vote. Which is why I've been out talking with folks about not only my history of work that has had a positive impact, but also the work that has yet to be done, again around lifting up the economic situation, helping young fathers with what they wanna do to parent their children with a, an extension of the child tax credit to $6,000 for the first year of their child's life.


What I intend to do that is about tapping into the, the desire for home ownership and a $25,000 down payment assistance for first time home buyers. Let's talk about that. And that's why those numbers are 85% Charlemagne because folks know I have a genuine commitment based on hard work that I have already done to lift up the community versus to your point, Donald Trump at Madison Square Garden last night with all those tropes versus Donald Trump, who took out a full page ad in the New York Times for the Central Park, five suggesting that these young black and and brown, and they were not young men, they were children, should be executed. Donald Trump, who in New York as a landlord, refused to rent to black families.


Donald Trump, who called the first black president, called him out and suggested he was not born in the United States and then most recently refers to black legal immigrants in Ohio as though they're eating their pets. That's right. Absolutely. I I was gonna ask You know, we see the support you have with, with small businesses. We see the support you have with HBCUs. We even see the home buying voucher that is, is there to help especially our community get into our homes. What is your message to these Undecided Voters that are right now, we're a week away that still don't know which way they want to go and, and everything that you trying to do that's positive, they say, well, the home buying voucher is just gonna make people to charge more money for houses and, and HBCUs is for this and for that, what do you say to those Undecided Voters right now that we're a week away?


So first of all, please go, I'm You know. I'm gonna throw out my website DJ and because people have to be able to see it and read it for themselves and take their time with it, for those who are interested and want to be more informed, and if I haven't had a chance to meet with them and talk with them directly, I invite you in your busy lives. If you can take some time to look at my website, kamala harris.com and look at my policies, for example, $25,000 down payment assistance for first time home buyers. Lemme tell you why that's not gonna, that's not gonna have unintended effect because that increases the demand for home ownership, which is going to have an impact also on supply.


What we are, my part of my plan is You know I've been in public service my entire career, but I know the limitations of government. So part of my plan for affordable housing is to work with home builders and developers to give them tax credits, to create incentives for them to build more homes. But I'm gonna tell you another part of my perspective on this. I also know that in particular for high rent, a lot of it has to do with corporate corporations that are buying up all this housing and then eliminating competition and jacking up rents. And part of my plan is to also go after them. Similarly on the price of groceries, you And I both know it's still too high. I'm gonna go after price gouging, which is those bad corporations that are jacking up the price of everyday necessities for folks, especially those who are, for example, in the zone of Hurricane Helene and other places that have experienced extreme emergencies and those bad corporations and most of them are not, but those that will take advantage of the desperation of people in need.


So these are the examples. And I will tell you, look, I'm about to give a a speech Tuesday night at the ellipse in front of the White House and part of what I will be talking about is that there is going to be a new president on January 20th of next year and it's either gonna be Donald Trump or it's gonna be me. And I would ask people to imagine the Oval Office. People have seen it on tv, You know what it looks like. It's either gonna be Donald Trump sitting behind that desk writing out his enemies list of who he's gonna seek revenge and retribution on, or it's gonna be me working on behalf of the American people as I always have done working on my to-do list to see through these policies that are about home ownership, lifting up our small businesses, lifting up families with children, and lifting up the discourse in a way that it is not about trashing people all the time.


That's right. Which is why You know even back to the point of Puerto Rico, bad Bunny is endorsed me, right? He knows And, and, and, and Jennifer Lopez and they love Puerto Rico and they are proud in terms of that heritage and they know how demeaning and destructive Donald Trump can be on things like that. I'm proud to have the support of the kinds of people not like those at Donald Trump's rally yesterday at Mad Madison Square Garden. The people supporting me, bad bunny, fat Joe Quavo, Beyonce, Kelly Rowland, And I could go on down the list. So I'd invite people to just look at who is supporting who as one measure of who cares about who, right?


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior, a completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services.


Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference.


State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com. You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice.


Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break. This is Coke zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Here are those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouth watering waterfall, irresistibly, tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar the best Coke ever.


Try and decide. Be merry. Be bright, be loved. This holiday season with sparkling holiday gifts from Pandora jewelry get wrapped up in the season of love with a precious piece of Pandora jewelry from festival charms to shimmering rings, earrings and lab grown diamond brighten up the holidays with glittering gifts for everyone on your list and one for you too. There are so many ways to show your loved ones their gift. Give the gift of Pandora jewelry and let your love shine even brighter. Be love. Shop Pandora jewelry today. How do you feel Madam Vice President about these major publications like the LA Times, the Washington Post refusing to endorse somebody for President You?


know Charlemagne I, it's disappointing, no doubt. But the other piece of it is, it gets back to my point about who is Donald Trump because he, he is the one right who is up for election with me and You know he, he, I think that some of your listeners they know and others may not, which is that, look, it's billionaires in Donald Trump's club. That's who's in his club. That's who he hangs out with. That's who he cares about. That's why when he was last president, he put in a place a massive tax cut for billionaires and the biggest corporations and that is exactly what he will do. Again, his policies are not about middle class folks.


He's not sitting around thinking about what he can do to take care of your grandmother and your grandfather. He's thinking about people like himself or himself and all of his grievances and all that makes him angry about how he has personally been treated as opposed to worrying about how you have been treated and what his responsibility is to lift you up. Well Madam Vice president, we appreciate You know so much checking. I know you got calls to making and things to do today. I do have one last quick question though. How often do you say to yourself, man, fuck Donald Trump. Just in your, just in your time. A little yg. If it's on the playlist, it's cool.


You know. Lemme tell you actually, the my focus and honestly more is on. I just love, I love the American people. And, I You know that, that people are taking time out of their so busy lives with all their demands to take the time to vote, to stand in line. Especially in those places where their state leaders have tried to make it more difficult for them to vote. That's that's really where I spend my time and and the contrast point is really about that they deserve better. They deserve better. They deserve a president who actually cares. Absolutely. That's right. Thank you Madam Vice. Appreciate you. We a week away. Everybody go out there and vote Back.


Okay. Talk to y'all soon. Thank you all. Bye-Bye. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club. Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new re-imagined. Nissan kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations.


See owner's manual for important safety information,


Peace to the planet. I go by the name of Charlemagne tha God. And I. Want to introduce you to Uber Teen Accounts, a connected account for your teen with trackable trips and highly rated drivers. Now I am the father of a 16-year-old daughter, so I need things like ine. Okay. Your teen can feel a sense of independence and you can feel a sense of relief. You can follow their entire ride on a live tracking map. Perfect for those times when you want to be there, but can't. When your teen requests a trip, they are matched with highly rated and experienced drivers and you receive real time notifications. Every trip comes with enhanced safety features. Pin verification to ensure your teen enters the right vehicle. Live trip tracking for parents plus you, the parent can contact the driver directly from the app. Add your team to your account today. Available in select locations. See app for details.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com. You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke.


'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice, then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break. This is Coke zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice.


Gold is Coke. Zero sugar. The best Coke ever. Try and decide.