
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could just escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a BOS premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress free getaway, because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Okay, have you heard about this? Last year, the green changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old scent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back. Now it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp, and fresh. It's the reason it's the number one men's antiperspirant and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself. Peace to the planet.


I go by the name of Charlamagne to God. And summer in the south side of Chicago is calling and the shy is now screaming on Paramount. Plus, this season, the women are rewriting the rules in the Showtime original series from Emmy win. Alina Wa they've been loyal, they've been patient, and now it's payback time. But the minute the shy aren't giving up their power without a fight, nobody's backing down until the throne is earned and nothing will ever be the same. Don't miss the shy new season now. Screaming only on the Paramount Plus with Showtime. Plan


Support for eating while Broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career, the next step. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years As the nation's largest nursing school, Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Learn more@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev.


Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building, the Icon living. Dawn Stanley, welcome back. How You feeling? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I usually come back on, I'm invited when we win the championship. We lost this year, so thank y'all for Don't you start that. You're always invited. Well, the new book Anytime Uncommon Favor is out right now. Basketball North Philly. My mother and the life lessons I learned from all three is out right now. How are you feeling? I'm feeling great. Like Emini here. My my friends have received their books and they have nothing but like great things like I Am My Cup running over.


They had You all Yesterday. Yeah, they did. I gotta I gotta give you a shout out. And you, you sparked the conversation. So many people have asked me to write a book and I'm like, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Like, yeah. Right. But it, it came from so many different people. And then when I came on the show in 2022 Yep. We, we, we talked about it and you just, you kept the conversation going. You real persistent with it. And, you know, that's, that's what I'm attracted to most is like somebody that actually co persistent Persistent Yeah. Persistent and, and know the process. Like you knew the process. I don't know if you knew my story so, so to speak, but you knew enough to know that, you know, this, this book will be received well.


And, And I appreciate that. Well, people like, you don't come around too often, Don like you are a once in a generational just person, you know, and you really learn that when you read the book. Not even just as a coach, but as a, a basketball player, but more so as a, a child of Philadelphia, man Emini here. It's, it's Emini here. I I had fun. Like the process was fun. It's liberating. It is. You know, you, you don't really know how you're gonna be received, but every person, like, I'm, I'm actually waiting for a critic. Like I'm waiting for somebody. Say what, what didn't go right in the book? Right. And we have yet to get to that point. And I, I just, my, one of my friends was, you know, listening, had a long road trip, listened to the entire book yesterday.


And she was like, I'm in tears. I'm laughing. I, I get it, like the leadership part of it, like Emini here, the emotions that are in the book and it's, it's me. So some of it is emotional me, some of it is just, I'm able to just get it out because I, I, I remembered most of it And I had to call on my, my siblings to kind of fill in the gaps. But it's, it's me like, it's, it's so me, it's so relatable. It's so just, it was an easy process. So it was the, was it therapeutic at all to do it? No, it was just natural. It wasn't like, it was natural. And I think sharing my story is just relatable to people.


It's not like, you know, I don't think it's a, you know, like in, we don't overdo it with the accolades. Yeah. It's like the accolades are intertwined and everybody's accolade won't be like Olympian National Champions, but on, on a certain level. Like if you, if you graduate high school, it's relatable. If you graduate college, it's relatable. If you, if you can pull yourself out of the projects of any city, it's, it's relatable. And, and there's no, there's no wrong path. Like there's no, like, you can get off Tilter, but then you gotta come back by like habits come back by, you know, the, the, the, the, the lessons in the book are just, just, it, it relates to every single thing that you would wanna accomplish in life.


And I'm not just saying that to pump the book, but it really is like, yeah, I'm only giving what other people are giving me the feedback they're giving me. And it is, it is cool to hear people just relate to the book. Yeah. The beautiful thing about Uncommon Favor is you get to tell your own story. So when you're, when you're writing the book, what part of your story did you want to tell? Because you think people misunderstood it or, or overlook it the Most? Well, one, one is when I, when I, when I speak on things that are controversial, you know, racial things, like, it's, it's, it's my perspective. Like a a lot of times people can't see what you see because it's not their experience.


Their experience is only hearing you and commenting on how you feel about certain things. When anybody can feel strongly about certain things. I feel strongly about everything in this book because it happened to me like it is personal and it's my perspective, but it's, it's not harmful. Like allow people to tell their stories without hurting your feelings. It's, it's, it's personal to me. Now, you could be a critic of the book or you can enjoy the book and you do all those things, but you know, everything in this book is, is my story as a part of who I am. It's allowed me to grow and learn and, and succeed and fail. And, and all those things that happen to everybody, you know, sitting around this table and everybody that will, will read it or not read it.


It, it is going to happen to you and no matter what. So I think, you know, some of the stuff, you know, like, you know the, you know, when, when, when I, I sued the ad at Missouri, you gotta get the whole backstory. 'cause if you only hear one side of it, you only hear snippets of it, you'll think, oh, well why did she do that? Like, or equal pay, you know, why, why would you, you already making a lot of money. Why would you want equal pay? Well, well, because I know my worth. Like, like it's not, it's not hard to see. I think this book is very simple, like very simple lessons that I, I'm hoping that people can, can take utilize in their, their daily lives.


I love it. Because you know, people know you from different things, right? Some people know you as a player, some people know you as a coach. But with this book, it starts from where you came from, which is North Philly. Right. And you talk about Raymond Rosen housing projects And you talk about, you know, you said growing up at a projects was the best decision your parents made. Explain that a little bit and how that formed to the woman that you are today. It just imagine the people that, that don't grow up in the projects. What you think happens in the projects. You, you think probably only one thing crying. Like bad things. Like, and for me it was the foundation of, of giving me the, the scars I needed. The, the chinks and the armor I needed to succeed.


Like there was unity in the projects. There was discipline in the projects there, there was, there was manicure lawns, there was my block. I grew and never had trash in it. Like it was, it was captain in a way that would, would compete with any suburban lawn like or neighborhood. So it was, it was all those things that helped build you up. Like, I'm unbothered and unafraid to tackle on the most challenging things in life because that's nothing compared to where I grew. That's nothing like, so I think it gave me the, the foundation I needed to just be able to, you know, coach every day, like coach young people.


Like generations are changing. Coaching, coaching talent and individuals and young people nowadays is very, very challenging. And I, and if you, And I can imagine, 'cause you know, being a, a player, I'm sure you got screamed at crazy. Yeah. But if you dare talk to your girls like that, You can. You gotta you gotta You make human A resource officer. EE Exactly. So it, if you're not able to pivot, if you're not able to, to handle different challenges that you're faced with, like, I, I feel bad for coaches who are, who aren't like, like I'm, I'm a traditional coach. I will, I I like order, I like, you know, people call 'em rules. People think I'm very strict and disciplined And I, I am, I am.


But all of our rules are, are just good character things. Like good, it is a good character. It's not like be on time. That's, that's not a rule. That's, that's a character trait. Right. That's not, that's not hard to do. If, if there's something that you wanna do, one of the lessons you have to do what you don't wanna do to get what you want. Like, that's the that's the lesson I was gonna make sure. Yeah. Like, like, you know, Emini here, you're, you are a renowned comedian, right? Yes. Like, you know how many standup shows you had to do that maybe you, you were, you weren't very good at at the beginning. Yeah, yeah. Like, but you, you wanna be where you are today.


You just kept at it and kept at it and kept at it. It's no, it's no different than, you know, a child that, that wants to grow up and be in the WNBA or the NBA. Yeah. How many, how much competition's out there? So you gotta work when nobody's working. You gotta do, you gotta get up and work out and sacrifice Emini here. I sacrifice proms, I sacrifice all these things. Family reunions because I wanted to be the best in my, in my profession. And that's, it's okay. You gonna have to choose. You definitely gonna have to choose certain things over, over other things in order for you to really be the best at it.


I love I love how you embrace your inner child. That's, I love this picture on the back. Well, what, what's a moment from your childhood that still shapes how you like handle pressure today? You know, there's a, there's a story that I, that I share in the book about my father who Emini here. I'm, I'm over 50 now, right? But when he, I don't know if I was 12, 14, maybe I got a chance to, I got invited to play in the, on this team, in this competition outside of Philly. Like it was a road trip. And my father was like, no, you can't go. Like, that hurt me. Like it really hurt me.


And I remembered it so vividly that, that, for him to deny me that. 'cause it was one of the first times. But I'm 13, 14 years old, whose parents gonna let them somebody else Yeah. Take their child outta state. Like, I wasn't thinking about that. I was solely thinking about basketball. But it was one of the, one of the, the experiences that drove me. Like, I didn't, I didn't like my father for that. Mm. Like, I didn't like him for the decision, parental decision that he made. But as I'm older now and reflecting on and writing a book, it is, I, I need conflict. I know that about myself, that I need conflict.


Like everything can't be comfortable. Like if I have, you know, 10 people supporting me, you know, here I, I need about 10 to 12 people that's hating. Like, I, I need it Emini here. It helps me. It drives you. It drives me. Like, it, it, it drives me. That's why you said, I don't have a critic yet. I'm waiting for a critic for the book right now. Right. So it's, it's that, it is the ability, like, you know, we, we lost the Yukon this year. Like, you know, the credits are, are saying I can't coach. Like, I didn't understand that that pissed me off so bad. I'm like That, that's what they say. But I'm like, okay, well, but, but, but again, everything that I've needed in my life, you know, failure, success happens to me.


It's, and credits, it's uncommon. Like, but I know, I know our loss this year will somehow help us. It it will, it, it is just, you know, I'm not just, I'm not just relying on, on on it helping us. I'm going to put put action to it. So, so it means something. I loved when you said that in a, a post-game conference. You was like, I hope that they're crying. I hope that my players are crying. I hope that it hurts because that'll make them be better next Year. Yeah. Emini here, the, the most growth takes place when you're uncomfortable. The, the most, if you're comfortable all the time. And I, I, I've said this as well, like, parents really don't want their kids to feel what they felt like, like pain.


And I'm like, I want them to feel a little pain. I want them to hurt. I want them to be uncomfortable. And I, And I love them enough to allow them the, the, to sit in that space because, not for long, but they, they need to fight their, their way out of it. 'cause nothing's gonna be given to me. I, I don't like that place. I don't like to feel that. So I, I, I fight like hell to try to not feel that by prepping, by doing everything I need to do to not feel that it, it is almost like when you grow up in the projects and you grow up in poverty. You, you don't want that anymore. Like, you don't want that. Once you've lived and you've, you know, earned a certain keep you, you wanna keep that because you, you wanna change generations in your, in your family.


And I, I hope I'm able to do that. You, you seem like you've always been a natural born leader, like throughout your whole life, even when you was a child. So it made me wonder if, if coaching never entered your life, where do you think your leadership would've shown up instead? Oh man, that's a hard question. Like I'm, I'm, I'm competitive. I probably would, would've been a losing gambler. But trying like heck, like trying like, heck, I, I don I don't know, I Emini here. I I do, I love kids. So my work would've been with kids. And I, I'm glad that coaching found me. Like, I'm glad somebody saw something in me that I, I didn't see in myself.


I didn't see coaching. I didn't wanna coach at all. And, And I don't know why. 'cause I had great coaches. I had great people in my life that, that challenged me, that were good at it. But when I, when I had coaching friends, the only thing they talked about were their, you know, were their teams and basketball. And I'm like, yeah, this is what I do every day. I I do this every day. Why would I wanna talk about it every day? Yeah. Why would I want my life consumed with it? And here I am 25 years later, like loving it. Like it's, I'm doing what I'm supposed to be doing. And when you, when you're able to live out your passion, it is, it's the most beautiful, liberating and, and incredible experience.


Like, I, I know my players really get something out of our relationship. They do. They get, they, they build character, they navigate life. But for me it's, I'm overjoyed when they graduate, I'm overjoyed on draft night, I'm overjoyed when they're able to, to see their hard work, produce what, what they want. Like, like what they want. And like, even if they don't make it to the league, they're equipped, they're equipped with, with being successful with anything in like, seriously. That is, that is that, that does something to my heart. When, when young people are able to get what they're supposed to get.


And how, and how do you block out the noise? Or do you like the noise? 'cause you said you like the, the, the haters, you like the people that's doubting you. But do you need to block that out when you're coaching, when you are teaching your girls or teaching your women? Like how do you deal with that Emini here? The, the hate usually comes from like social media. Like Yeah, I read it. I, I see it all, you know, and sometimes I So You dive into it? No Emini here I look at it. Yeah. And then I, sometimes I'm like, okay, 10, 9, 8, 7, I gotta, I gotta take a 10 count. Alright. That's Right. Some people go like this and delete, like they write and they delete. I'm like, mm, I I'll give them that. Like Yeah. But my, my life is living proof that what you're, what you're what you're saying doesn't impact me in the way that it was dealt out.


It impacts me in a way of proving you wrong. Like I'm an odds beater. Like I beat the odds. So the odds say I've already won. Okay. This is really just icing on the cake. So it, it, it drives me for sure. You Know, you, you talked about your pledge, you got a lot of success stories from your time coaching at the University of South Carolina. But in the book, you make it no secret that Asia Wilson is your favorite. Hmm. Well, Emini here. Emini here. Here's why. Here's why. And I, I don't, I I've coached a lot of great players. Like Asia was the, the very first player that was the, the number one player in the country to decide she wanted to come play for us.


And I know it was in her backyard, but she had, and we didn't, we, we didn't look like a national championship team. Like we never won a national champ. We had never been to the final four. So for her to trust us with that part of her career meant that she believed in us. She, she trusted us. She, she knew that we were gonna get her to where she needed to go as far as still being the number one draft pick like four years later. Like when someone, and it, it wasn't just her, it was her entire family believed in it. And it, it took it, it took some, you know, it took some us at times them thinking, oh, did we make the right decision?


Because she didn't, she started her first game and then she was terrible. Like scrub, like, right scrub, scrub like is Fall. That's where that's fall. So I was like, I gotta, I gotta take you outta starting lineup. But I didn't even talk her that. I told her parents first and her mom, Eva was like, you sure? I'm like, you gonna have to trust me on this one. Like, you just gonna have to trust me. And she was like, all right. But at the end of her freshman year, she was national rookie of the year. She was first team all SEC. She was r she rookie of the year. And the ses, like, she got all the accolades coming off the bench.


And when, when someone believed, like when someone as, as a coach and leader and mentored young people, young people be believe in you. Like they really do. When, when that's reciprocated, because I believed that, I knew that she was gonna be the one that takes us to that next level when, when you're able to have the same synergy. Right. And you know, a Asia was, was was hell to deal with, right? Because she's young. Like she, with the private school for like 12 years, all of her schooling was a private school.


And so she, she needed to be roughened up a little bit to get her ready for what she faces. Like she faces the critics right now. But I know, I know she can handle 'em because we, we took her through all of that. Like she's, she had dyslexia right throughout her college career. And I'm like, okay, you gonna read in front of the team every time we have a game. 'cause we have a, we like a, you know, ins you know, we have a scripture reading and inspirational reading before every pre-game meal. And there's somebody that has to read it. So I was like, you you gonna read? I, it took her or her senior year couldn't do it.


The first second, the third, her senior year, she read out loud and she had fun with it. She was like, y'all, this is alone. Y'all gonna have to bear with me. Like, it, it was that kind of liberation. So when, when she gave her entire self to me, the good, the bad, the ugly entire, and you know, that's why I, I just have a really strong like, relationship with her. Like, she could tell me anything. Like I'm non-judgmental. Like young people won't wanna tell you everything because they think you're gonna judge them. I don't, I don't judge. Like there's nothing that any one of my current former future players can tell me that that's gonna rock me.


That I haven't seen like everybody's been through. Like, there's no new problems. Right? It's the same old recycle problems. So just give it here so you're not dealing with it longer than you need to. What, what's something about your relationship with Asia that, that the fans and media don't see but it means the most to to you? I, I, she gives me her darkest moments. Wow, okay. Like her darkest, like you, you see a, an incredibly like gift. I think she's the best player in The World, right? She Is. That's not, That's yeah. She's the best player in The World. Emini here. She, she has doubts at times, like whether she's gonna perform at this level. And she, she gives me that And I, you know, I'm like, a lot of pressure.


Yeah, a lot of pressure. So, you know, I, I've had experience with it because I played with the best player in The World during my day, Lisa Leslie. Same conversations I had with Lisa. Like, okay, it's, it is time for you to be the best player in The World. Like come championship time, come gold medal time. Like I'm, I'm used to giving them, I'm used to pumping them up and at the end of the conversation, thank you Coach Emini here. And it's not much. It's just boom. Be done with it. What is your Biggest it, even in lesson four, right? When you say you have to do what you don't wanna do to get what you want. You weren't even good with people at first when you said you could not, you, you had a job that you had got through your mom's cleaning.


She would get y'all jobs through her cleaning company and you didn't even, It wasn't a company. My mom was a one woman show. It was, Well, you know, she would get y'all these jobs and you did not do good with greeting people. 'cause that means you had to talk to people. That's not even what you wanted to do. And then look at you now, like that journey from there to there. How has, like, how did you get there doing that? Something that you didn't even wanna do? Communicate with people? Well, when, when you're, when you're the, the youngest of five, you, you don't really get a say, I grew up in a household. I'm the youngest. Like, nobody gave me any credit. I couldn't speak. Like, I got an older brother who's like eight years older.


My, my, my deceased next oldest brother seven years, my sister's six years older than me. And I got another brother that's two years older than me. Like, you're, you're not getting a say in our household. So I was quiet, observant, listened, really form discernment, you know, during those, during those times. And then you grow like you, you really grow. When I went to college, I was still the same way. Like, I, I never talked. I was shy. And then, and then, you know, things start happening to you and you're like, if I don't say anything, they're gonna start taking advantage of me.


So now, now I'm, you know, I I think growing up and seeing things and that's, you know, it, it's so cool that, you know how I explain myself in this book. It, it, it lends itself to another lesson, which is look, sound, feel. If something looks, sounds or feels off, oh, I'm, I'm addressing it. I can't, like, it is in me to address it. If it looks, sounds or feels off Emini here, off I'm addressing. If it looks, sounds or feels good, I'm encouraging it like it is. It is, it is that, that's where I found my voice when something just didn't seem right or something that really seemed right that, that I wanted more of.


Yeah. What Accolade meant the most to you? I, I would say I'm so far from my plan days that I don't even really count that probably when, when my players graduate. That's, that's, that's the best feeling. Why? Because because we sit in the living rooms and we sit, your child will graduate. Sometimes it's a first generational college graduate. Do you know what that means to the family? Like it's not, it just doesn't impact that my player, it impacts everybody that comes after her or everybody in in her current family that, that desires to get a higher education.


They'll, they'll go out and do it because it's not tangible In some homes. It's not, it's not something that someone has ever done in their household. And for that to happen, their, their generations will change from that. So it's just the impact of that. Gotcha. You know, it's interesting, right? 'cause I, I was watching you yesterday, you did Good Morning America to view Kobe, all of that stuff like that. So you was working, but I still know you still the coach of the University of South Carolina. But I was like, oh, you know what, she'll be fine. 'cause she used to play ball and coach at the same time, which I found out about in the book. That was insane. Six years. That's Crazy. Six years Emini here. When I when I got into coaching, I was like in my prime.


So, you know, the, the, the ad at the time, he kept asking me like he was persistent. Like he, I'm like, no, no, I'm not interested. I'm, I'm, I'm playing in the WNBA this is, and then he just kept asking. And then, then I ended up having to go meet with him because the final four was in Philly. And I from Philly, he knew I was gonna be there. So I went and sat down with him and he asked me two questions. He was like, can you lead? Like, did you do your research? Like did you like, And I was like, yeah, I, I basically was the, the captain on every team that I played on, right? And then he was like, can you turn Temple women's basketball program around?


And I was like, oh, is that a challenge? Like, is that a really a challenge because I'm drawing the challenges And I, And I, I never looked at it that way. And I, And I never answered the question, I don't even think I answered the question. He was like, Hey, can you just come down the hall and, and meet some people? So I was like, okay, I'm here. And he took me in this conference room, sat me at the head of the table and there were like 10 to 12 people sitting around this table. And they're asking me questions like, where do you see yourself in five years? I'm like, playing in the WNBA. And they were like, do you, do you ever see yourself coaching? And I was like, no. Like y'all, they were interviewing me. I was on a job interview.


Mm. And I didn't know it. 'cause all my job interviews were tryouts, like basketball, like physical tryouts. And needless to say, I took the job two weeks later and they, they just agreed to allow me to continue to play and coach. So I was, I was, I was in like basketball utopia because I, I, I was coaching And I, I'm actually still able to express myself on the court. 'cause I wasn't ready to hang up my shoes. I was still very much a player. And I think that allowed me to play a little bit longer than I wanted to. And that allowed me to keep staying fresh with what was up with, with teaching young people because they were more enthralled with me playing.


'cause that's what they wanted. Like I was living their dream right before their very eyes. And I, I think it just helped me be a better coach, be a, a more understanding coach because I was a player receiving the, the information from a coach. And then I, I just helped the dynamics of, of what I was doing. And I, I guess we learned how to get you to do things. Be persistent, right? And get you with a challenge. Right? Like I, as I think about it all, and this is not in the book, but everybody that I had in my, you know, you know, in my circle, I got a financial guy. He, he pressed me for one for a whole year when I was at South Carolina. He would come and just visit, just check in.


And then, you know, finally I gave all my money to him. Like 17 years later we're we're, we're he's still with me. Yeah. And it is, it is the, the, the the coolest thing that to have someone just because, you know, like pour in like Emini here. You poured into me with this book. Like you, you understood it. Like I didn't wanna write a book. Like I don't, I don't know why, but I didn't wanna write a book. But then when, when we won last year in an undefeated way, like I'm like, this is, this is my my cut run throw. This is Uncommon Favor. Uncommon Favor. And we, we, we tried to, we tried to come up with different titles for the book.


And it always came back to this because this really explains my entire life. Like if I had to describe my, my, my life, my career, my is Uncommon Favor, like to the nth degree. Have you ever questioned whether you were too hard or not hard enough on a play? Yeah, yeah, yeah. There was, there was there Emini here it's all teaching moments where I, I, I wanted a freshman to beat out a senior. When I kind of first, my first couple of years at South Carolina, we, you know, we recruited this young lady 'cause I thought she would be the best. I I I was like, this is the one I want.


So all of our coaching staff, we, we zeroed in on her. She committed, she came and then I was, I was really hard on her like, like you gotta do. I tried to pour everything in because I wanted her to beat the the senior.


Hey, What up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape and you weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bose premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional.


Features At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes, everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Kfc, chicken and waffles, fresh juicy chicken and rich waffles with syrup. It's the kind of sweet and savory order that will make people stop whatever they're doing and stare in envy. So as you dig into your mouth, ordering original recipe chicken and warm waffles or dip them in your syrup, try not to eat near people. Crossing the street, driving cars, handling heavy objects or operating heavy machinery, you know, for their safety. KFC Chicken and waffles is the order people are gonna envy. KFC is finger licking good


Piece to the planet. I go by the name of Charlamagne tha God. And summer in the south side of Chicago is calling and the shy is now screaming on Paramount. Plus this season, the women are rewriting the rules in the Showtime original series from Emmy win. Alina wa they've been loyal, they've been patient and now it's payback time. But the minute the shy aren't giving up their power without a fight, nobody's backing down until the throne is earned. And nothing will ever be the same. Don't miss the shy new season now screaming only on the Paramount plus with Showtime plan route.


I couldn't just give her, I couldn't just give her, I just, I'm not in a, you gotta earn it because you gotta, you gotta protect your locker room. 'cause if you just giving out something and you lose trust. So I wanted, so I poured into her. I was hard on her and she cried at, at different times of the season. And then I would talk to her like I thought everything was good. You know, we were working towards it. Sometimes they cry, sometimes, you know, they can, they can take it. And then at the end of the season, like I always do, I meet, I have our post-season meeting and she says something I just didn't, it didn't dawn on me during the year. Like she was like, I wasn't ready.


Hmm. And I never thought she wasn't ready. If she would've said that to me, like during the, during the season, I would've, I would've backed off. But she was just like, I wasn't ready. I'm, And I'm like, I'm sorry. So I, I do think that it strained our relationship. I think she understands it now 'cause she's a coach now. So she kind of understands it. But I, I had to change how I operate in that space because, And I I I, I ask our players to talk to me more. Like I could be, I could be a better coach when you talk to me. If not, I'm assuming that everything I'm saying you're good with. Yeah. So now it's like how you feel about this, how you wanna play this, how you wanna do this, what do y'all think?


I I'm more of a, a listener And I involved and more inclusive with game planning, more inclusive with how we handle, you know, problems that come up on the team between teammates, all of that. I'm just like, we talk it out. Like we talk it out. I expect like, it is not a rhetorical question. It is an inclusive question. Hey, let's, let's talk about this because I I find that if you don't address it, it grows. And then you're halfway through the season and like y'all still on that when a two minute conversation could resolve it all. I I wanted to ask about your father, right? You mentioned your father earlier in the interview and you said your relationship wasn't that great, but you said it got better over the years.


Do you understand some of the things that your father was trying to implement in you as a young girl? 'cause they said that your father looked at women's basketball and felt that wasn't too many opportunities Yeah. And didn't know if you could sustain at that time. And do you wish that you kind of put yourself in his mentality back then as a child? 'cause even with the name of the book, it says Basketball North Philly, my mother, but not my father. So explain that. A little catch to me. But not my father catch, but I know, I Know that. Good catch. You know, I think, I think even the one like family members that are, that are closest to you. Yes. I thought, I I yes. I I should have had had a much more mature outlook on, on, on that relationship.


Now that you can reflect on it now that you can see. 'cause I, I, I held that And I, you know, if you could hear that, I still hope that instance, but when you, when you're coaching right? And you, you come up, you know, with you, you come into a, a, a situation where you hurt a player. Like you hurt that player. That was like probably 12 years ago. I hurt that player. Like, it, it, it drives me to not hurt other players. Right. And I wasn't mature enough or savvy enough to handle that at 12 or 13. So I, I do think it's, it's helped me be a better coach. It helps me be a better person to, to really, like, I, again, I, I didn't talk about things.


I held that for my father. Probably didn't. Probably doesn't, he, he's, he's been, he's been dead and gone since 2001. Like I don't even think he really knew how much that hurt me. Hmm. But I also used that to, to to navigate the nose. Like I, I handle nose a lot better because of that. Because of that. It wasn't like I, my mom, I was the baby girl. The baby girl. So the baby girl holds a special place. Of course. And you know, with, with your mother, my, my father was a tremendously like, not high education. Like he didn't, he, but he was worldly.


Like he knew he was a carpenter, he was a mechanic. He, he knew everything worldly from when I was younger until adulthood. And he, he really had a stronger relationship with my other siblings because they were, they were older too, that they, they could have a conversation with him about anything. And I, I, I still used to sit back, even as an adult, sit back and kind of listen to them have these conversations about prime ministers and presidency politics. Like I, I wish he was alive today to hear his perspective on what, what's happening in our world today.


Because he was super up with everything. Yeah. I love the respect, the Power of Habits chapter. And in that chapter you speak extremely highly of South Carolina's own Malaysia for Wiley. And, and you even refer to her as a younger savvier version of you, you say, and this is a quote I heard from so many adults who gave their own parents hell only to see their teenagers return to favor. Now it's my turn in the barrel. So when I see you had, when I read that And I was like, damn, she had so much love for Malaysia. What was your initial reaction when she decided to enter the portal and was it surprising to you? Su surprising? No, I think, you know, being in this space, you, you, you, you, you, you become, you know, to expect the unexpected, right?


I still have much love for Malaysia. Like much love. Like I want her happy. She came in, said she and her mom came in. She said, I think I'm going to get into the transfer portal. So I'm like, okay, well you think or you know. And she said, I know. And I said, well, I said, I only want you happy. Like, I really do only want our players happy, whether that's that's with us or, or somewhere else. Just be happy. And I, I told her, don't look back. I know it's probably gonna be hard to not look back to see, you know, you leaving your hometown and all that. I said don't look back like, you know, you made this decision. Just go forward with it and, and don't look back.


You're always gonna be a game cock. You are always gonna be welcomed here. I wish her the, the best. And when I say that, people probably think, oh, but I do like, I, I really do like, 'cause I am what's for us is for us, what's not is what's not. Let's keep moving. I don't stand, I don't stay in despair. I don't stay in those spaces for very long. I'm like, okay, we got, we gotta get, we gotta get recruiting. We gotta get back into this portal to see who we can get, you know, to, to help us. I, I think she's gonna have a, a promising career. I do think she's a generational talent that will never leave. Like she does things on a basketball court that I've never seen a woman do.


And she's, she'll continue to do that and we'll continue to, to be happy for her. Except the one or two times that we have to play them. Like, it, it is, it is on like, it's, it it's gonna be super competitive against us. We're gonna, we're gonna wanna win. And it's, it is gonna be a pride thing that comes with just being, you know, a competitor. And we got much love for her and her family. Do you feel like the transfer portal era forces coaches to evolve faster when it comes to like player relationships? Yeah. Well for, for me, I, I need that. Like, I need to have a relationship with you. I need, I need that. Like, I'm not good in, you know, one-offs.


I'm not good at, at, you know, transactional relationships. Like I'm, I'm not good. You know, I'm, I I don't wanna turn my heart off, you know, like my heart is the, is the thing that leads me And I need that type of connection. And I'm never going to, I'm never gonna go there with the transfer portal transactional mindset. It's, it's helped in this hurt. Like I, I do think that, I do think that something needs to happen regarding how many times you can transfer. Hmm. Like how many, like how many is how many? Like one I think is great. Like you pick the wrong school, you find the right school transfer.


Now I think when you're able to go transfer two, three, you could be at four different schools. That's crazy. In four years. And, and does it create more opportunity for them to, to be wealthier? Yes. It, it does. And I, I think us women are trying to get all of that back because I think our game has been held down for so long that now that, that this space is open to us and we're thriving in it. We're thriving in the, the name, image and likeness space. We're thriving. But I don't want people to lose sight of what, what team is like.


My whole life is built around team. My personal life. I got a team of people, team of of friends that, that come hell or high water, we're gonna stick together. Well we, whether we agree or disagree, we gonna do it agreeably. And I just, I want that for our game. I don't want, I don't want our game to lose that part of it. 'cause it's the very thing that's been attracting and magnetic to, to the fans. Now this, this has nothing to do with the boat, but I wanted to ask, since we talking about players, you know, the WNBA has, has taken a huge jump in the last couple of years. And I love it. My daughters love it. My sons love it. What do you think going on in the WNBA with it?


It seems like they're pitting, you know, Kaitlyn Clark against Angel Reese, right? Kind of what they did in NBA back in the day. Yeah. But it was more teams, right? I guess not, maybe not teams, it was magic versus bird. This one versus that one. But this one, it just seems like, it seems very personable. So what are your thoughts, like even the other day with that foul and they called it a flagrant foul. I don't necessarily agree, but what are your thoughts on it? You don't think it was a flagrant foul? I think it was just a foul. From what I've seen me playing basketball, me watching basketball. I think if it would've been anybody else, it might've just been a foul. I don't, I don't know if it's a flare. So just asking your thoughts. Well, I think the officiating has a, has a hard job. That's one. The decipher whether or not that's a flagrant one or not. Hard job.


Hard job. And I do think they understand the dynamics of Angel and Caitlyn. I, I do. I I think it's great for our game. Fantastic. Because fantastic. It's like f yeah, like it's a sport. Treat us like a sport. Don't treat us anything other than being a sport. It happens in every sport. Soccer, basketball, football, it happens in every sport. So let it be, I'm going to, I'm gonna take the lead of Angel and Caitlyn and that lead is, they said it was a, it was a foul. The, the officials got it right. We're moving on. That's what I'm, I'm gonna take their lead. Okay. I think it's, I think it is, it, it pulls people in, people in, I, I do think there are new fans that haven't watched our game and they really don't know.


So they only, they're only singularly focused on Caitlyn, that one part. Right. Right. So when you're that and that's, that's, that's, that's their idol. That's who attracts them. But I just hope that they'll open their eyes to the rest of the talent that that is, that is there. Like the product. The product is incredible. Like, and it's in high demand. We, we play Caitlyn in the national championship last year. Right. 20, 20 million. It topped off at whatever it topped off at the most. Right. I know, I know. They saw us like I know they saw us.


Right. I know they saw us have an undefeated season. I know they saw Camilla Cardozo. I, I know they saw Ashlyn Wa because I know they saw Tessa Johnson have a incredible care career or day. I know they saw Malaysia do some incredible things. Like, so, so open your eyes up to seeing, you know, out outside of Kaitlyn, well, not even outside included 'cause she's a part of a part of it all. So, you know, I I'm looking forward forward to the next time they play too. I'm gonna be glued in just like everybody else. Yes. The Thing, the wrong call in that scenario was Aaliyah Boston getting called for a Tech. Exactly. She Tech four, she Bring up the Yeah, she got a check. She Didn't even know until after the game.


Yes. But you feel like She tight with her moneys like she, she wants somebody to pay her fine. Kayla Say she gonna pay it. Yeah. Yeah. Do you feel like they should let the players play? Because I, I noticed not just WNBA but NBA too. It just seems like they're taking too much control and not letting the players play. Again. Officiating hard, hard. It's be, be because you, you want them to just play, but you also know that it can escalate and, and we know when things escalate, whether it's basketball or whether it's policing, we know when they escalate, we gotta, we gotta learn how to deescalate and then allow the players to do what they do. The game, the game itself is gonna lend itself to whatever, whether it's really physical, whether it's, you know, free flowing.


It, it is going to, it's gonna lend itself to whatever it is. I just think that officiating is a tough, tough job. It's not even, not even that. Like coaches are like on your, on your butt all the time. Like, I'm including me. Like, like it's, it's, it's, it is, they, they get Emini here, they get paid a whole lot of money too to take that. But they're, they're the, they're the best in our game. Like, they're the best. If there were better people to officiate the games, they, they would already be in the game. Right. Last question about this, the replay feature, you like it or hate it? I like it. Why? I, I, I like it because officials make mistakes.


Right. Emini here, it, it, it, it allows you, it allows them to be corrected because, because they're, they're wrong. Like I I would say this, we, we have officiating conversations every year when we go to our spring meetings, man, it's, it is if they have a, like a 90% correct call rate, that's excellent. That's amazing. Well, what about the 10%? Especially if they cost games, like real important Games. Exactly. Yeah. What about the 10%? Like what, what is done to them for being, for calling something incorrectly?


10% of the time That has implications of, for us NCAA seating, right? Like for, you know, for the NBA, you know, like, like every game matters, right? So Emini here, you're, they're never gonna get that part. Right. But it's part of the game is a, it's, it's part of the dynamics of the game that again, it's conversation, right? And it's, we should have conversation. Like, I don't think the officials want us to have conversation about this, but you are a part of it. You don't, you don't get, you know, if, if I'm gonna get criticized for, for losing, you should get criticized for not making the correct call.


Right. I, I got, I got a few more questions. I I wanna go back to that, that, that chapter of re respect the power of habits, right? Because when, when, when you talk about Malaysia, it is with such reverence, how do you balance disappointment as a coach with support for somebody like her who just wanted to make a decision for herself? Like, like if, if a young person is gonna speak on what, what what they deem is good for them, that's, that's half the battle. Like half the battle is to be able to speak up and you know how hard it was for her to do that. Like really hard. Really hard. So I understand that dynamics of, of her decision making.


And then it's like, okay, well what do he do with it? Like if she was my player and you know, there was, there was a chance for her to wanna come back or if she decided that this is, that that's not what she wanted to do. I, I was gonna talk to her about why, why did it, why did it come to that? What makes you think this isn't a place for you? What and for what whatever she said we would, we would go from there. I thought Malaysia, Malaysia was, was getting better. Like I, I really, I saw a whole lot of growth on and off the court to, to where like LSU was gonna get the, the best of her Now, like we went through the, you know, we went through the, the hard part of just kind of smoothing some rough edges and getting her to create good habits.


Like, like I do think habits are the the thing that, that allows you to, to elevate. Right. I, I do. You know, so I think, I think what we've given her and what she's given us will, will allow her to, to have much better days, much more consistent days than, than she had with us at her next stop. Did she know you felt that way about her? Or she's gonna read the book and be like, damn, You know, I, And I wanna clarify, the book was written already before she made the decision. The book was written, you know, months ago. I'm, I'm sure IIII share my feelings.


Like I don't, I don't have, I don't, I don't hide anything. I, I wear my heart on my shoulder. I do think my laia really knows how I felt about her. I know her mother knows. I know, you know, regardless of why she came to that conclusion of wanting to leave, I know she, she knows she felt our love now. You know, the playing time, the whatever the, you know, for us maybe taking her outta the game when she felt like she wanted to just kind of keep playing through some things. Now she probably questions that part of it. And I'm, I'm okay with that. A a lot of, a lot of players leave because of playing time. A lot of people leave it, it is not for, it's not for all the other stuff because we, we treat them like royalty.


Like royalty. Like we are probably enablers when it comes to the treatment that we give our players. So I'm sure she would've started this year, year, her junior year, right? Me Emini here. Who, who else was gonna hold her down? Like, like so yeah, Emini here. It wasn't, I don't think it was, I don't think it came down to starting. I really don't, I think it came down to her wanting to play free and, and, and do you know what, what she wanted to do and, and who's to say she wouldn't have been able to do that, you know, in her, her junior year. So what's the relationship with coaches if Coach Kimma, LSU calls you and asks for some tips on how to coach Malaysia for Wiley, do you give her any game at all?


You On your own. Hell you it out Wrong. Damn. Yeah. Like it ain't, I ain't gonna help you help her beat us. Nah, nah. The coolest thing about your book Is you like that? Other than Your stories and your experiences, baby, this basketball texture, what was that conversation like? Did, what was it, because I know this was your idea, you wanted to do this, but did they say, did they give you pushback on it? Like, no, we're not able to. We Don't know. Or how was that cj? You, you see a woman sees all that, that that is, that's a strategic part of Yeah, they, we got the cover back. Right. And it was just a smooth surface.


Like the, like the front of it. I'm like, this would be cool if it could feel like a basketball. Yes. Like Emini here, the color, like, like this would be really cool. Now, this was really late in the process, like really late. They were like, oh, I don't, we don't think, we don't think we could do that. And when, And I didn't know they were working on it. I didn't, I didn't know that they actually got it done until I got my first copy And I was like, whoa. Oh wow. Yes, yes. Like I, I did want that. Wow. I Got, this is so Creative. Butter, right? Butter. Yes ma'am. And congratulations on your statue in Columbia, South Carolina. Thank you. You and Asia Wilson got statues in Columbia.


What would it take for a player to get a statue at the University of South Carolina? Because I know they come and they be like, damn, Asia got one. What can I do to get that? Mm. Emini here? Aaliya Boston. Who still got one? Aaliyah Boston had a, a credible career. Yes. Like I I, she did some things that Asia didn't do. Mm. Like she, she really did, did some things that Asia didn't do. I, I think when it, when it comes to, and her impact, like I think Asia, the, the total person, the proximity to South Carolina really helped her. Cause you know, but a Aaliyah from a basketball perspective, from a community, like she is all about community and what she stands for.


Like she's a young lady that's really Emini here. If if she was from South Carolina, there would already be a statue of her. Oh, absolutely. Like already And you know, the trajectory of her career, her impact that she'll have in the WNBA. I do think she's an Olympian. I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll start the, the campaign of of getting Aaliyah Emini here. Asia's and, and my statue are like two blocks from each other. You know, why not go two more blocks and you could hit all the statues for Aaliyah, all the statues in, in, in one pop. Wow. But y'all gonna win more championships.


So We, we, we yeah. Are willing. Yes. Final question. Charlotte's thing, why can't we bring them back to the Carolinas? Yeah. I get, I get this South Carolina or North Carolina. I get this question And I get this question about Philly too. 'cause Philly, Philly wants a, wants a WNBA team. I I do think the Hornets and the Sixers gotta do better. They gotta do better. They gotta do better. Got you. You know, like it's, I think it's great when, when the NBA team is, is doing great. It, it helps with the whole comradery. But I, I do think I will say this, sorry Philly. Sorry Philly.


But I do think Charlotte's more ready for WNBA team just from a fan perspective. Like we draw, like we are, we, we draw, we, we are the highest attended games in the country at South Carolina. Like for the, for the past 10 years. Like no one's out drawn us over the past 10 years. So I do think, I do think we're ready from that perspective, but it's, it's more than fan support. You know, it's a business, it's resources. Who's going to pour in to the team If the team doesn't do well in the first year or two, which is highly likely, will there be enough, you know, resources, pour, poured, poured into a, a team, We can put together the right investment group.


I, I, I think so too. Yeah. I'm down. 'cause people want me to coach in the WNB. I don't, I don't wanna coach in the w I don wanna own like I want, I want ownership. Right. Well there you have it. I would invest. Yes I would. I got a little dollar. I got a couple dollars. I Got a couple, Couple coins. Well, thank you Don. New book Uncommon Favor Basketball North Philly. My mother and the life lessons I learned from all three is available everywhere. You buy books now. That's right. Go get it. You are guaranteed to learn something. That's right. You are Icon Living. Don, we appreciate your presence on this earth. We thank God for you. Thank you. Absolutely. Thank You. And listen, I want everybody to remember that today Don Staley will be at the Barnes and Noble fifth Avenue in New York City. If you are in New York City, you can go see Don Stanley at Barnes and Noble.


1:00 PM today. 5 5 5 fifth Avenue in New York. Go get a copy of Uncommon Favor signed Don. Thank you again. Appreciate Sean Stanley. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Okay.


Have you heard about this last year? The green change, the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old scent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admit, they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back. Now it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. It's the reason it's the number one men's antiperspirant and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool Rush for yourself.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing misogyny, seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic,


Moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are Optional features. All right guys, taking a break too. Put you on to a new series on Netflix. Inspired by Judy Bloom's. Groundbreaking 1975 novel forever watch the Reimagine coming up age series about young love by Mara Brock Akil, the iconic creator of girlfriends. This epic love story follows two black teens, Keisha and Justin, as they explore romance and their identities through the awkward journey of being each other's first. First loves, first arguments, first heartbreak, everything. Make sure you watch forever. Now, playing on Netflix, you're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.