
This is an iHeartPodcasts KFC, chicken and waffles, fresh juicy chicken and rich waffles with syrup. It's the kind of sweet and savory order that will make people stop whatever they're doing and stare in envy. So as you dig into your mouth, ordering original recipe chicken and warm waffles, or dip them in your syrup, try not to eat near people, crossing the street, driving cars, handling heavy objects or operating heavy machinery, you know, for their safety. KFC Chicken and waffles is the order people are gonna envy. KFC is finger licking good.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in. And with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light, it's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. Att connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Wake that ass up early In the morning. The Breakfast Club. Yep. It's The World most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club Charlamagne tha god Jess. Hilarious. DJ Envy is off today, but we got a special guest in the building. Yes, the host of Tommy Lauren is fearless on out kick.com. Tommy Lauren is here. Good morning. Thank You for having me. It's been a long time coming, so I'm so happy that you had me And I hope that we can have a, a nice discussion. I love the dialogue. Yes. As you know. Okay. You were Supposed to be here back in the day day, Way back in the day. It was the same day. It was when you and Trevor Noah and everybody, It was the, the day after the daily show. Yes. Situation slash debacle slash milestone. I guess we'll call it that. Hello? Tommy, are you a racist?


I sure am not. Okay. Yeah. Thank you for asking though. I I, I appreciate just coming in hot just right off the bat, but I'm glad we could clear that up and then now we can move forward. There we go. Do you get that often? You know, not so much anymore. Okay. Yeah. The, the time of me being accused of that has dissipated mostly, but, you know, Hey, listen, I appreciate the question. I'm an open book And I hope after our time together you will see that for yourself. But thank you for asking. No problem. What have you been up to? That's, that was a question people were asking. They was like, you know, where, where has Tommy Lauren been Doing my thing? You know, doing my thing on Fox? We've been through a couple elections since you And I last spoke.


This one went more my direction, I would say as the, the last one did when we, you know, were talking previously during Trump admin one, and you And I talked about, you know, if you would be open to seeing what the president had to offer. And you know, now we've got a few years separating that. And now, and I'm personally, I'm happy with, with everything that's happening so far, really Honest. Come on, honest assessment. Now I promise you this, if there comes a time where this administration does something that I don't like, I'm happy to say it. And I don't know if you've seen over the years, but I've taken a beating for going against the right And I was fired for going against the right.


I think that was pre the one Oh, The Blaze, right? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I have no problem doing that. Yeah. If I see an issue, I'll say it. I, I don't play for a team, I don't work for the Trump administration. If they do something I don't like, I'm happy to say, all right, that's not my thing right now. I'm happy. We'll see, you know, we're, we're a few months in, well You, you, you were fired from the Blaze after saying you support a woman's right to choose. Did, did that moment, did you not realize in that moment that the movement that you promote doesn't really allow true freedom of thought? Because that's what it feels like. It doesn't feel like they allow true freedom of thought, all freedom of speech. Well, I'll tell you this, that particular network didn't like it. But the network I'm at now definitely supports my right of free speech.


Yeah. There were a lot of people on the right that didn't like that I said that I'm someone who really believes in freedom. I don't like government intervention. So when I said I was pro-choice, it was, Hey listen, I'm personally pro-life, but I don't like the government telling people what to do in that regard. Right. And I don't think the government fills that need. I really don't. I think that's a place for family and faith and community to come in during that time. That's hard for women. I don't think the government does it well. So I don't think the government should impede. And I was very forthright about that. Some people didn't like that and that's okay. But I got eviscerated for that, you know, And I had to go through a battle with a network for that. But that's why when I say I don't play for a team, I don't play for a side, I'm happy to take the hits from my side.


If I believe in something, I'm gonna say it. Yeah. So the left or the right Emini here, I'm kind of a punching bag for both and that's okay with me. Do you feel like a president should uphold the Constitution? Oh, absolutely. It's their duty. Yes. So when you see him on Meet the Press and he's asked that question, president Trump, he's asked that question and he says, I don't know, you can't be happy with that. Well, to be fair, when he was asked that question, it was regarding illegal immigration and what his administration's abilities are. Now that's gonna end up being decided by the Supreme Court. We don't have those decisions yet. But to say he's just not upholding the Constitution. He's saying, well the lawyers are gonna tell me how far I can go. So I respect him when he says that. He's not saying, nope, I know the answer.


He is saying, listen, this is gonna play out judicially, it's gonna play out legislatively, it's gonna play out, but I'm gonna do what I can to, you know, protect the sovereignty of our nation and our borders. And we had an invasion in his mind and in my mind, and we have to correct that. And the voters voted largely to correct that. So he, when he said that about the Constitution, he wasn't saying, ah, I don't know. He was saying, listen, it's gonna play out. And I respect that There is actual due process language in the Constitution though. Yeah. To me there's a gray Area. So because everybody is the right, everybody does have the right to due process. Yeah. To me there's a gray area there and it depends on what we're talking about. So the position the president has, and my position is this, it's a privilege to be in our country.


And there were millions of people who came into our country and they said, I don't wanna follow a process to get in, but now I want a different process in order for you to remove me. And what this administration is saying, and, and what many Americans, including myself feel is listen, you need to follow our laws. You did not follow our immigration laws. So there's going to be a different process for you than an American citizen. And if two immigration courts say you're gang affiliated, if you've beaten your wife and you have protective orders filed against you, if you're accused of trafficking people around this country, which is a major issue, human trafficking and sex trafficking, then you no longer have the privilege of being in this country.


And by the way, you also came in illegally. So the whole due process conversation, that's where I stack up on that. Now listen, I don't believe people should just be rounded up with, you know, just 'cause they see you and they say, oh, get outta here. But if you came to this country legally, you are up for deportation. You came here illegally. Yes. But the Constitution still says you're allowed of due process. Now I'm not, I'm not even saying that I disagree with, you know, that stance. I'm just saying you still have to abide by what the Constitution says. But why did nobody take any issue during the Obama administration when he deported 3 million people without that due process of yes, you're in here illegally. Yes, the court says you're here illegally, but we're going to deport you because you're in the country illegally.


There was no extra due process for those 3 million under Obama. And nobody had an issue with it. So now my question is, why now? Is there another level of due process besides an immigration court saying, you're here illegally, you have a notice to be deported? I've, I've always asked that question, and it's to my knowledge that those people that 'cause Obama deported more pe more people than any president ever. Right. But those people still were deported, you know, via due process. Like they didn't just grab them and say, Hey, we're shipping you off to an outside prison. No, but immigration court said, yes, you're up for deportation. But the Obama administration didn't give them this extra due process. Or you get a trial or you get, But if you go through the courts, that's due process. Exactly. An immigration court. Yeah. Which, that's what President Trump is also doing the, it's not just, oh, they've never been in front of an immigration judge.


The guy from Maryland didn't go through, go, go through due process. Two Courts actually not, not only said that he was gang affiliated, the local PD said he's gang affiliated. A informant says he's gang affiliated. And But that has nothing to do with due process. All of that, all of that could be true. But two courts already said, you're gang affiliated and you're an illegal immigrant Emini here, there was, there's no dispute that he's an illegal immigrant and there's no dispute that the courts say he's getting affiliated. But that has nothing to do with his due process. I'm with you. But that has nothing to do with his due process. That just means that he has committed some crimes, but he's still allowed due process. And I think that's where a lot of Democrats are getting caught up in. There's, they're, they're so focused on defending his character or what he may or may not have done when we should just be talking about the due process that has allowed people within the Constitution.


So do you want him to go in front of another immigration judge then? I guess that's my question is that he's been in front of immigration judges. He's in the country illegally and has been for many, many years. Right. You not only came to this country illegally, but then since then you have protective orders against you. Your wife says she's scared of you. Your wife's ex-husband said, Hey, I'm worried about my kids because my ex-wife is dating a gang member. And you got caught in body cam footage, allegedly trafficking people across my state of Tennessee. So at some point it's like, how much more, how many more judges need to say this cat needs to leave? And I would also ask this, there are Americans who are accused of being gang members all the time, And I feel that they get less benefit of the doubt than someone who came to this country illegally.


And that should infuriate Americans. That there are people sitting in jail right now who I feel probably get less attention, less advocacy, and they're rotting in jail than someone who came to our country illegally and then continued to break our laws and endanger people. So that's my perspective on it. And I get what you're saying about the due process. I understand that That's the, that's literally the only conversation. I'm not saying that he shouldn't even, you know, I'm not saying that he should not be deported, I'm just simply saying he should have to go through due process. That's it. I think that, you know, the, the people like to just keep saying, well, he committed this crime, he committed that crime that has nothing to do with the due process that he's allowed within the Constitution. What do you think about Donald Trump taking the plan? Constitution also says you can't do that either.


That's another, again, that's another gray area. I'm not a lawyer. Why Is that gray? Well, because here's the deal. I understand And I'm not, I'm not fully saying I even support it. I see the president's position, Hey, if they're gonna give us this plane, otherwise taxpayers are gonna pay for it. We need a new Air Force one. And they don't have it ready for us. They were supposed to have it ready for us. They don't have it ready for us. If Qatar is willing to give us this plane and it can save us some money, maybe we should do it. Save the people some money. Donald Trump doesn't look at things like a typical politician. He looks at it like maybe your average person would say, Hey, you're gonna give me this And I don't have to pay for it. Okay, I'll take it. And I understand there are many people on The constitution prohibits that There are many people on, on my side of the aisle who also to agree with you, like, hey, what, what are they getting in return?


And I, I need to know that as well. So I'm not saying that I don't, I'm just like, yes, take the plane. I would prefer you didn't, but I understand. Why would you prefer he didn't, Tommy? I don't wanna be beholden to potentially hostile nations in the Middle East And you know, it's unconstitutional. I understand your point on that. I don't know if it's, I don't know if it is unconstitutional. It is. The US Constitution prohibits it. It's, it's, it's textbook unconstitutional. All I want, regardless of party is the president who upholds the constitution at all times. Do you feel like President Joe Biden did that? No, probably not in all cases. But that's why I said regardless of party, I want a president who upholds the constitution at all times.


I don't think the Constitution should be flexible. Yeah. Well you know, there are some on the left that want the Constitution to be flexible when it comes to the Second Amendment and you know, other parts of the constitution. So some people say it's a living document, it changes with the times. Other people say, listen, it's the original intention. And I think there are times where we probably agree on different points and disagree on others. I I take your point though, about the plane, I'm not cheering for it. Like I'll be honest about that. I'm like, Hey, if we can avoid that, let's, let's avoid that. Let's just not even go into the gray area. I would prefer that. But I see the president sees it as let's save some money for the American people. I think he really does care about that. I really do believe that he sees things like a business and that's his perspective on it.


And I think that he appreciates the gesture, but I don't, I don't Love it. It's still unconstitutional. And it could be a national security risk because I Understand that. I don't disagree with you on that point. It It could, the plane's probably bugged. It could be a bomb fall. We know I'm not, I'm not even Joking. I don't disagree with you on that point. I would need to know more as well. Is it true you're the grandchild of I immigrants? Well I think most of us are grandchildren of immigrants. Yeah, because, because you said America should stop being a dumping ground for other countries problems, right? Correct. So at what point did your family's journey stop being noble and start being disposable to you? Well point take in what you're trying to do with that.


So here's my thing. We are a nation of immigrants. We once had a process for it and then it became a free for all. We have to know who's coming into our country, the days of coming into this country and we can agree to disagree on who came in and how they came in. And I'm happy to have the conversation, but when my family or my lineage came into this country, they didn't come into this country and they didn't get a four horse ho four star hotel room. They didn't get all their meals paid for. They didn't get lodging and healthcare and schooling and everything that the legal immigrants that are coming in now are afforded and they're sucking up the resources from people who really need it. It's really hard for people like me and on my side to rationalize.


And I think many people that don't have a party affiliation to rationalize importing millions and millions of people into this country, allowing them to use all of our services and allowing them to stay even though they didn't follow the process to get here. So that's the point. We want immigrants. There's nothing saying we don't, we need immigrants, we need them. We love them, we need them, we need process. Just do it right. Just do it right. Do it right. Absolutely. Just do it the right way. And if we didn't have so many that came in the wrong way, we could allow more people to come in the right way. And we wanna foster that. And I don't think President Trump is anti-immigrant. He's married to an immigrant. You know, JD Vance is married to someone who's come from a family of immigrants from India. Like we're not anti-immigrant. Just come the right way. And it's really hard when I see the people in New York City or the people in Chicago or in LA and you see people that are struggling that they can't afford their daily life.


And then you see illegal aliens in a four star hotel and you see them getting their needs taken care of and you see Americans falling by the wayside. You Want to see me push back on that one? I agree with that. You Are often classified as like controversial. That's how people describe you. How much is that? Is of that is intentional or it and how much of it is really you standing on business of what you believe in? I would say I'm much like you two in that regard. I don't go outta my way to be controversial. There are a lot of people that have found this new media and on the right that they say things to be controversial and they say things to get attention. I don't do that.


I really just have a perspective and I'm happy to say it and it's meaningful to me and it's well thought out. I don't Just say things, I think about it And I say it and then I stand by it. But I don't say things just to be controversial. Yeah. And I like having conversations with people. I really do. I really do believe that most of us in this country want what's best for this country. We have different ways of going about it, but this is America. That's why we talk. Yeah. And for too long we just didn't talk to each other. And I think now the barriers are starting to be broken down in that regard. And I'm really happy to see that. Is Your bold, do you feel like your boldness is misunderstood? Sometimes. Sometimes. I think maybe less over the years because I've taken so many hits from the right. Maybe, you know, there are people that will, no matter what, they will stand up for mega and Trump and whatever and they will stand up for the side and they will die in the hill of the side.


I don't do that. And I think that that's, that lacks integrity when people do it. So I'm happy if, if people disagree with me on either side because at least you know that what I'm saying is actually what I feel. And you can not like it. But it's not something that I'm saying to just bat for somebody. So I hope that at least there's some respect for that. And I think that there is now, And I think things are changing And I think that podcasting and more people having platforms has added to that, which I'm happy to see. I want to go back to the immigration thing real quick. Like this is type hypothetical question. Like, you know, the legal immigration process can take like 20 plus years sometime. Would you wait that long if your children were say, fleeing a cartel of violence or war?


Right. You know what, Emini here. So I understand your point. And I really do empathize with anybody who doesn't live in the US that wants to get here. This is the greatest nation on the face of the earth. And I understand that. Now the part about immigration and illegal immigration is this. Those people that are coming over this country, when you're seeking genuine asylum or you're an actual refugee, first of all, you gotta show up to your asylum hearings and you, you gotta show up. 90 plus percent don't, that's a problem. But coming here because you want better economic opportunities, that's not asylum. And many people that have come over in the last four years, they want better economic opportunities. And I don't fault them for that. But that's not asylum. Now I'd also say this, if you're coming over because you're fearful of your government or you're in a war torn country, or you're in a country that's run by cartels, paying those cartels then to smuggle you into our country does not help your country because you don't come over here without paying a cartel.


You're paying 10,000, 15,000, 20,000. And if you're a special interest alien who's coming for nefarious purposes, you're paying more. So you're not helping your country if you're coming from, you know, Honduras or Guatemala or Nicaragua and you're funding the very organization that's destroying your country. So that's why we have to get a, you know, a grip on it for a lot of reasons. I want those countries to thrive. They're never gonna thrive if people are paying the very organizations that are destroying them. But what about people who are fleeing those countries just because they want a better life? Do you have Well there's, do you have any empathy for them? Life of course I, I have empathy for everybody. Gotcha. Got. But there's still a process because there's no reason that somebody should go through the process and pay a lot of money legitimately and wait five or 10 years 'cause they wanna be an American so badly.


And then watch someone skip over them. But you can understand if the process is literally life or death, if depending on this process is life or death, I gotta get my kids outta here now or I gotta get outta here now or my whole family's going to die. Yeah, well That's what we have the asylum process and that's what it's intended for. Unfortunately, so many people have taken advantage of it that the people that need it, they're the ones that fall through the cracks. The ones that are like, Hey, I really am fleeing this. My family is in danger. That's why we have asylum. But when you have people coming over here and lying about it, you can't have that. And that's what we experienced in the last four, five years. And it's unfortunate because all that does is hurt the people that need it the most. And that's where I stand on that issue. And I have empathy for everybody by the way.


It's not a matter of I don't like you, I don't want you here. It's just follow the process so that we can have a process. 'cause why would anybody wait in line if they can just do it the wrong way? That's really the point we're trying to get at. You Didn't have no empathy with Angel Reese the other day when you called her a hater? She sure didn't call her a hater. Why? You call Her a hater? I think, I think she's a, first of all, I think she is a hater and that's okay. Okay. Like maybe we're all haters in Summer. What makes her a hater to you? I think that she deeply hates Kailyn Clark. Why? I don. And I think there's what Did you feel that way before RG three said it? No. Oh yes. No need to say No. Sorry. Excuse me. Excuse me. So I've seen it since way back in the college days. They don't like each other. Right. I think Caitlyn Clark doesn't display if she doesn't like her dislike for, for Angel Reese.


I don't think Caitlyn Clark displays it. I think Angel Reese, I think she likes to be the villain too. You know, she plays that Part and all that. It Works. No, and it works. It works For you. Well I don't, well maybe it works for you too. Emini here. You true. You're villain In some regards all easier, right? You right. Yeah. Sports. I think that Angel Reese hates Caitlyn Clark and it's okay if she Does hate. It's such a strong word. Why can't it just be competitive? Like we don't, I can't think of too many times we've said that with guys, you know what Emini here? Like they hate each other just because they're super competitive on the court. Yeah. Well I think that there's always been a rivalry in a feud in, in sports and in boxing and all of this. But I think when you see Angel Reese and the way she reacts to specifically Kaitlyn Clark, I think it's hard to dispute that she dislikes Kaitlyn Clark.


And it's okay if she does. Like you're not gonna like everybody. Well last night the the fever played, I think they played the Atlanta Dream. Was it the dream? Lemme make sure it was the dream. I just know her and Ryan Howard got it was the dream. Was it The dream? Yeah, I think so. Yeah. It was a dream. And she got into it with Ryan Howard and they had words back and forth and they had to hold Ryan back and Kaitlyn said, I'm not scared of you. That's just competitive. Nobody, there's no narrative this morning that Ryan hates Kaitlin. Yeah, I just think it's the rivalry thing between Caitlin and Angel and we're just not used to seeing that in women's basketball. We're not, and maybe it's good for the sport, to be honest. It's definitely good for the sport. It's bringing eyes to it. Yeah. So finally women get, you know, women have been dumped on, in my opinion for the last five years and had sports hijacked and they've, you know, they, they haven't had their their due and now they're being talked about.


So you know, what if Angel Reese is playing it up to get eyeballs, good for her. Speaking of that, because you know, we just talked about both of us being villains. Do, do you ever worry that your brand depends more on outrage than solutions? No. No. Maybe early on we evolve. We all evolve I think. I don't think any more people would say that about me. Maybe some would. Maybe you would. But I don't think so anymore. I don't try to outrage people. I just have conversations And I say things that I'm thinking and not everybody likes it, but welcome to what we do for a living. You know, if you have an opinion and you stand by it, there are gonna be people that don't like it. But I don't think it, I do it to outrage people And I also to my side, I don't do it to appease people either.


So, And I think we're all probably in that boat in doing what we do. What I find interesting about conservative media, especially the people they call conservative fire brands, they do offer solutions. It's just that the solutions you usually offer cause outrage because people don't agree with the with said solution. Okay, so what do you say to that? Well, on the other side, wouldn't it be the same thing? Yes. Yeah. So I think it's, it's both ways. People are not gonna like the way you go about things every time. That's why we have two different parties and we have a party in the middle. Nobody's gonna like everything Democrats do or Republicans do, someone's gonna be mad. But it's better to do something than to do nothing. And I think that's my whole thing with the Trump administration. People might not like what he's doing, but he ran on it and he is doing exactly what he said he was gonna do.


And you might not like it, but he's not doing anything different than what he's explicitly said, I'm gonna do this. And now he's doing it and the status quo wasn't working. People were not happy with it. So maybe we're gonna do something different and people aren't gonna like it. But I think the worst thing is just doing nothing at all. But There was a lot of people who said he never really do these things. Like he would never implement, you know, these tariffs. He would never do these mass deportations. Like, and there was literally people who would hear him say these things and then say, nah, he's not really gonna do that. They didn't learn the first time. Damn. That he's gonna do what he is going, what he said he is gonna do When somebody shows you who they are believed him. Yeah. And some people don't like it, but I like it. I like the fact that I voted for someone and they're doing exactly what they said that they were gonna do.


When people voted for Joe Biden, I don't think they voted for Joe Biden thinking I'm gonna open the borders and allow 10 to maybe 15 million people come into this country. Unvetted, largely unvetted. I don't think people would've voted for that. You know? And like, be honest, if you're gonna run on that and you're like, Hey, I, I respect Democrats that are like open the borders, that's what I want. Okay, well at least people can vote on that. But don't tell me you're gonna do something and then do the complete opposite. Joe Biden ran as a moderate, he was anything but moderate. So he fooled a lot of people. I would argue Trump's doing exactly what he said and if you didn't believe him, like maybe that's on you. But I did, You know, you, you talk about women's rights and you say you support women's rights, but the conservative movement actively works to script reproductive freedom.


So what rights do you believe women actually deserve? Well, I would like women to be able to play their sports without men hijacking them and taking away their accolades and their accomplishments. Yeah. So it's hard for me when the, when the left talks about women's rights and they only wanna talk about abortion, but they don't wanna talk about women's sports in spaces. We can have both conversations. You know, I Think think Ro v Wade is way more important than women's sports, even though I don't want men playing in women's sports. Yeah. But I think that a woman's right to choose should always be a woman's right to choose that shouldn't be scripted away from him. Well, do you notice that the left had been very quiet about Trump's abortion bans since he was elected? Wasn't that the big concern before he was elected is that he was gonna take away abortion? I haven't heard any, anything about that. In fact, there are more abortions now than there were under Roe v Wade because People can't afford to have kids because of Trump.


Because It, because in the, in the, in the four months he's made everything unaffordable. He came in, everything was great, and then four months later everything's gone to hell. Those tariffs have fuck the economy up. Tommy, we gotta, some things we, we have to admit because they're right there in our faith. I say trust the process on tariffs and if they don't work, we'll have that discussion. But how long is the process? Like I, and and to your point, you know, Donald Trump and Elon Musk both said there was going to be a lot of pain, right? Because of these things that they were going to implement. But people can't afford that. Like you got 60% of the country is living check to check. Yeah. Yeah. So, so what, how, how long is this process gonna be? Well A lot of the You can, you can handle it. I can handle it, but most people can't.


Well there's, there is a pause on the tariffs. So we worked out a deal with China. There's gonna be more deals to come. Here's my thing. President Trump is saying we've been getting screwed by the rest of The World ripped off and we're not gonna get ripped off anymore. So countries are coming to the table and they're gonna make deals that are better and they're not gonna be 155% tariffs. They're gonna make deals and then it's gonna be more fair for everybody. We're gonna bring down the cost of prescription drugs, which is gonna help people right now the big beautiful bill no tax on tips. So, and extending the Trump tax cuts which benefit 80% of Americans. So there are gonna be things within this administration that are gonna alleviate some of the short-term pain that tariffs would cause. This president is dedicated to that.


I've never seen somebody who cares more about the middle class working man and woman than President Trump. He's willing to piss off Wall Street, big pharma, everybody to try to benefit the American people. I respect that. And a lot of people say they're gonna do it and they haven't done it. The prescription drug thing. How many people have told us we're gonna get down the price of prescription drugs? And they did not wanna piss off big pharma so they never did it. And that goes to our members of Congress as well. They never did anything and Trump said, oh why are we paying this and this country's paying this when the companies that are making it are in our country. No, we're not doing that anymore. I gotta respect that. He's looking out for the American people and that's everybody who's paying way too high a prices for prescription drugs. I would like for all of this stuff to work, but I, I disagree that he's looking out for the middle class and the working class.


'cause he literally tells the middle class and the working class that you know, hey, you're gonna have to do it out for a while and you know your kids are gonna have to have less toys. He doesn't say that to the rich at all.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed and at and t is bringing something new to the table at t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. ATT connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit at att.com/guarantee for details.


What up y'all? It's DJ Envy from The Breakfast Club Chicken and Waffles. Has there ever been a better combination? I don't think so. And nobody does chicken like KFC with their 11 herbs and spices. So you know the KFC chicken and waffles are going to be good, right? I'm talking about crispy juicy chicken and rich waffles with syrup, sweet and savory. Perfection. But this could create some problems Emini here. It's the kind of dish that makes people just stare in envy. It's distractingly delicious. So beware of eating in front of anybody else or they might just stop whatever they're doing while they're drooling over these things. The World could come to a standstill, nothing will get done. KFC ought to put out a warning on their chicken and waffles. Danger may cause extreme envy. It's a matter of public productivity. It's also a matter of public deliciousness. You know, anytime of the day because this is some tasty chicken and waffles. Hear what I'm saying? This is the order people are gonna envy. So be safe out there. All right. KFC Chicken and waffles is here. Get them for $7. It's finger licking. Good prices on participation may vary while supplies last. Taxes, tips and fees. Extra


Peace to the planet. Charlemagne to God here.


Look, we all make mistakes but owning up to them is the right thing to do. You know, degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with their fans degree's. Whole thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti pressman for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try to OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


The first two months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousins latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's the good news, you don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Mur Ronald is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Taking the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bolds premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with the 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill or in straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Ronald be your oasis in the chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Mur vinyl today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Oh, The rich kid. Big tax cuts. The rich Kid. Oh look at Wall Street. To your point on tariffs, like the people that were, I understand that there are a lot of people that have their 4 0 1 Ks, their retirement that were really worried about Wall Street, but primarily the Wall Street folks that he really pissed off with the tariffs. Those are really wealthy people so he wasn't afraid to piss Them off. I think that's what makes him back off. I think it's those people. I think when they get mad at him is when he decided to Back off. Oh, I don't think he cares at all. I do. I And when you say the short term pain, I understand what you're saying, but it's the honesty. You know, during the Biden years they told us, eh, it's actually not that bad. The prices actually aren't up. You're actually not struggling. And people were offended by that 'cause they're like, no, we are struggling. President Trump is saying because of these tariffs and me trying to completely rearrange our economic system, there's going to be some short-term pain because other countries are gonna try to be big and bold for a few minutes here, but they're gonna come to the table because they need us more than we need them.


So what he's not saying is like, oh, screw you, I can handle it. You can't. You just pay higher prices. He's saying let this work and if we would all join together and let it work, these countries, China, China can't sustain this trade war. They can't. They need us more than we need them. So he's putting the pinch on them. They will come to the table And I am very confident we'll end up with something better than we started with for the American people. That sounds good. But when a person has rent due and they can't pay it and they get evicted, what are they gonna do? Yeah. Where are they gonna go? Like all of this stuff sounds good, but we're talking about people who have immediate needs that need to be met right now. Yeah. They can't even afford a little bit of pain and there's not even temporary Relief to, you know, help get through that while we have to weather the storm.


Right. Well, And I understand that point And I understand what you're saying And I think he's doing whatever he can to try to help people. I'd also say this, the no tax on tips thing, that's gonna help a lot of people, no tax on social security, no tax on overtime. He's doing what he can to say, listen, I want those people that by the way, didn't start struggling four months ago. They were struggling for years when we shut down the economy over CI and people never really got back up on their feet. And their kids were in remote learning and people were just struggling to keep their businesses afloat. Nobody was really putting the pressure on the Biden administration then when we arbitrarily shut everything down for COVID. Oh Yes, they were hell people was out here raising hell. You think so They weren't complying, they weren't going and getting their shots and wearing their masks and Oh no, no.


I'm talking about people were raising hell. That's, that's to me that's one of the reasons that they lost. They lost because they weren't paying attention to what people's everyday needs. Right. Were they weren't paying attention to what people didn't have in their pocket. That's the main, that to me that's the main reason they lost. And to your point, telling people, Hey, everything is fine. Your economy is fine because the stock, the stock market is up. The people I'm talking about don't have no stocks. I agree with you. Now I would also say this, there was such a stress too, with millions and millions and millions of people coming into this country that stress resources. So when you've got homeless shelters being turned into migrant facilities, absolutely. When you've got migrants staying in the Roosevelt Hotel and you've got people sleeping on the streets and people, like you said, who can't afford rent and, and all that.


Like, that's infuriating. And part of that is these people, I'm sorry we we feel for you, but we've gotta feel for our people first. Like we've gotta help our people first. And there's a lot of talk about Medicaid and social security and all this and that. Trump wants to take all this away. Trump has been very clear. I am not taking this away from people who need it, but the people that are abusing it, oh yeah, they're gonna lose it so that the people that need it have it there. I haven't seen them be surgical about stuff like that yet. Meaning that, you know, they never go in with a fine tooth cl comb and cut where you know they're supposed to cut. They usually just go in with a, a chainsaw literally and just start cutting everything. So it's hard for me to believe that they're gonna be surgical when it comes to Medicaid. Doesn't it infuriate you though, when people say we're gonna start cutting, we're gonna cut things 'cause we have to, and then nobody has the balls to do it when They No, I want, I want the right things cut.


Like see that's the, that's the thing that even with Doge, right? We've seen in this country the right way to do what Elon Musk and Doge was attempting to do. And that was with Bill Clinton and the National Partnership for Reinventing Government in the nineties. They did it the right way. They went in there, they were surgical, they met with other federal workers, people that worked in the federal government. They met with, you know, people who, who people, people who understand understand what, what was going on in government. And they cut the right things. They didn't just go in and just start firing people. Yeah. Well Trump did offer people, Hey listen, if you don't wanna come back to work, we'll we'll pay you through September. You know, That's, that's like taking a chain sort of thing. Like you gotta be surgical.


Yeah. Like that's why they were cutting things that they need. Like they were actually cutting people from the federal government that they need. Yeah. And like we have a shortage of aviation workers now. Well We've had a shortage, shortage of aviation workers for many, many years And it got worse under those. Well a lot of the people, they were cut And I know Sean Duffy personally, the people that were cut through there, they were not people that are your air traffic controllers. They were not your pilots. They were not people in charge of that. They were extra workers. Now nobody wants to cut anything. Like nobody wants to take someone's job away. But the fact of the matter is, is we are going to go bankrupt unless we cut something. So at least be honest with people. Be like, we gotta cut something and people aren't gonna like it. Like someone's gonna lose something. That's just the nature of the beast. But, But when you cut something and realize, oh shoot, we actually need those people and try to hire those people back and you Don't have, that's, that's an F up and you gotta, you gotta account for that.


And Elon Musk has, And I'm not, I'm not sitting here being an apologist for Elon Musk either, by the way. I do think things should be more surgical. But when there's so much waste, fraud and abuse and they go in and they look at this and it's like, oh my God, we're walking into the house and is probably a demo mission here. And you try to just fix one little thing at a time that like we, this is, this is so bad that we might need to shut these entire departments down and we can reinvent them and we can reopen them. But it's so bad right now and the the drainage is so bad on our resources, we've gotta, you know, cut our losses at some point and then we gotta figure out what we're gonna do next. But there was so much abuse and people going to concerts and government workers renting out stadiums and Caesars and ha like just getting away with it.


Well isn't it better to measure twice so you only have to cut once. Yeah. And once again, we have history that shows us this can be done the right way and that's not a party thing. I'm just simply pointing out that Bill Clinton, Al Gore, they did it the right way. Yeah. And, and and Elon even said one time he tweeted what I'm doing is no different than what Clinton did in the nineties. Not true. Well the extent of the waste fraud and abuse in the nineties is not what it is today. So there's a much different beast to tackle. It's gotten considerably worse 'cause people realize they could have their hand in the cookie jar and no one was looking. So it got way, way worse. I agree with you though. There does need to be a methodical process. I think that that has in the last month, I think that's been more so the stance. You, you're not seeing Doge doing what Doge did on the outside.


They came in very zealous and very excited And I think they've dialed it back. Yeah, Because Elon got the fuck outta there. 'cause he realized it was affecting his real business. Oh yeah, that's what He's still doing it, he's just not as outward on it, but I think they've dialed it Back. They named the new president. Right. The, the guy who created Project 2025 is the new head of Doge. I forgot his name though. Oh, I don't think so. Elon Musk is still there. No, he's still, no, he's still working in dough. She's just taking a step back from the limelight. Yeah. Got you. Yeah, We recently broke down new evidence in the Tory Lanes case. Right. And you highlighted a, a Republican congresswoman for pushing for his release. Yep. What do you think about conservatives stepping into things like that? Like the high profile celebrity cases?


Yeah, Well lemme think about that. There needed to be another look into that case and the new evidence that they found and some of the evidence. Evidence that was What's that? It's not really evidence, it's hearsay. Well, the Point, it's literally like if I was driving a car with Tommy Lauren And I say, I heard what heard Tommy Lauren say that she's racist and she wants everybody that's black and brown to be sent to another country. That's, that's literally what this is like. But Charlemagne, I'm really confused because if Tory Lanes actually didn't shoot at Meghan, the stallion, wouldn't you be the first person to be like, Hey, this person is in jail for the wrong reason. Absolutely. And there's more evidence that could exonerate him. But this is my point is this isn't evidence.


Well, it it's hearsay, But it's not hearsay when they, when the, when her best friend is given immunity and the whole thing is that the friend is actually the one that was shooting the gun and he hit her hand down and then that's why the gun fired at the ground and hit feet. If that really happened, and the person that maybe actually did it was given immunity. There's a problem there. Well, all, and listen, I'm not saying the courts get it right all the time. All of that went through court already. Here's my problem with, with this, with this situation. And this has nothing to do with Tory, Meg, any of these people involved. It's just simply when something is presented in the court and there's actual evidence and testimony, right, that says this happened.


Why do we put hearsay? Why do we give hearsay more weight than we give that? I think you just have to take it into account. And I would think you'd be the first person to be like, Hey, if somebody's in there wrongfully and there's more evidence to possibly exonerate them, we need to take a look at it. But why didn't we take it into account during the trial? The guy that that's What, well, I can tell you exactly why because George Gascon, who is the now, he, he was facing two recall attempts, right? And he was desperate to show that he could do a big high profile case. And if you put Tory lanes behind bars with enhancements for 10 years, you look good. And it's like, oh. And especially when you're doing it on behalf of a mega celebrity like Megan Thee stallion, who has a much bigger following than Tory Lanes and much bigger profile. So George Gascon, who doesn't wanna put anybody in jail by the way, then slap is a 10 year sentence on Tory lanes and you give immunity to the friend.


But a jury, It was a jury, a jury, a jury, a a jury decided Torry lane's fee, not just the judge. Well, but there was enhancements by the da. So, and enhancements are unheard of. But what I'm saying is No enhancements school me. I don't know what what you mean enhancement When you enhance the crime 10 years for what he's accused of. When you, when you add extra onto it and you add enhancements due to the nature of the crime, and you're not willing to do that in many other cases, it's like, why, why are you throwing the book at this guy? I didn't think that was throwing the book at him. They threw the book at him For shooting. If if he did, if he, yeah, They threw the, for shooting somebody at him. And first of all, it's hard to go to jail in la. Hmm. And the whole thing on this is this, you need to e everyone involved because it, it all actually is hearsay at the end of the day, isn't it?


If you're at a house party and it's like, well she said that he shot and he said that you Shot. Oh no. When you, if you have, and, and listen, if Tory Lanes is, is didn't do this, I, I I'd pray he comes home, but when you have actual evidence, you know him making a phone call from jail apologizing for whatever happened that night, you know, eye witness that said they saw him do it, plus the person who got actually shot saying he, he did it finding the gun in the car. The DNA was inconclusive. Right. Because they said it was a male DNA and female DNA on the gun. Right. If you have all of that, you can see why. Isn't that kind of thing conclusive though? Is it, isn't there some room for doubt there if there's both DNA on that gun? And he and his story is, listen, this other person is shooting And I'm hitting their arm and this is what happened.


He's not saying that nobody, you know, that he wasn't at fault at all. So why not tell that story in court? And and the driver that said they overheard Kelsey say that during the trial, why didn't that driver say something then? And what reason would Tori have to protect Kelsey? And what reason would Meg have to protect Kelsey? Why wouldn't Meg Just say, wasn't Matter her friend, Not after you shoot Me. Yeah, but That's her friend friend right there. If he shoots you, you tell him. Yeah. But maybe if there's a dispute there And I don't know 'cause I wasn't there, like obviously Tommy wasn't there. But my thing is, if there's more evidence, let's take a look at it. 'cause we don't need an innocent person riding in jail who was nearly killed two weeks ago. If there's evidence to suggest that we miss something here, let's take a look at it.


Is Hearsay evidence though. Like if you're in the car with a driver today, Tommy and a driver says, I overheard Tommy Lawrence saying X, Y, and Z. Well, let's talk. How much credence should we, why Were we not, why were we not testing for gun residue on everybody's hands? Why? And if the DNA NA is inconclusive and there's two sides of a story here, I don't, I think the whole thing ends up being hearsay, doesn't it? So let's take a look. And I'm not saying that I can tell you he didn't do it. I wasn't there. But if there's more to take a look at, I don't think that someone should be riding in jail for 10 years getting stabbed and possibly killed. If there's more evidence, let's just take a look at it. That's all. That's all we're saying. And I actually think that a Republican stepping into that void and saying there could be a man in jail that shouldn't be, and saying, I wanna take a look at it and put eyeballs on it.


Republicans aren't really known for doing that. Yeah. So congratulations to her for doing it. Right. I, I think just take a look at it. Yeah. Has anybody ever told you that your commentary endangered them in real life? Not in real life. People say a lot on the internet. Yeah. If so, what responsibility do you think you would be for that? Do you think that your free speech, that you should be held accountable for everything that everybody does because they hear you say something? Depends what It is. Yeah. I can't think of anything, and maybe I'm wrong, that I have said that would endanger somebody. I've never called for violence against anybody. I've never, you know, if people don't like what I say, okay. But, and if people agree with me and then they're deranged and they do something that's not on me anymore, than it would be on you If someone agreed with you and then they wanted to carry out something because they heard you say something and they're deranged and took it the wrong way.


I don't think I say anything to endanger people. And if I've ever said anything that I take back, I will apologize for it. I have, I have no pride in like if, hey, if I said something And I said it off the cuff And I was really heated at the time and it was taken outta context, I'll be happy to say, well, let me correct the record on that. Or let me take a step back on that. I'm not so prideful that I'm like, Nope, I'm right all the time. And everything I say is gospel. I got, that's ridiculous for any of us to say that. This is my last question. How do you protect your piece, right? Because when people see Tommy, right, they can just see the commentator, right? And they like the controversial part of you, but you're still a person first. Like just a person first.


How do you protect your piece? Do you ever get stressed out in that way? That people only see, some people can't look past who you are? You know what Emini here? Yeah. Like on your show or like what you're known for. Do, does that ever bother you that people don't look, they just see you for what you do? Yeah. Like the commentator, the fearless, the boldness. How do you protect your piece with that? For me, first of all, do you get stressed? Yeah. And then if so, how do you protect your piece? Sorry. You gotta have a thick skin. You know it, you know it. You can't be in this business and be fragile. No. You just can't. You can't be a snowflake. And people are not, some people are just not gonna like you. And I could sit here And I could say anything And I could do anything.


And people, some people are just not gonna like me And I have to accept that, and that's okay. But I really have learned to not care so much what people think. Especially if they've never met me before. That's my take on it. If you've met me and you're like, I don't like her, she's a bitch. Okay, but if you've never met me, just take, take the chance. And some people are never gonna get the opportunity. I understand that. Nobody's ever gonna meet you and have their personal opinion. I like to think, And I believe that if people meet me like we're doing today, that they can be like, oh, you know what? I disagree with her, but she's not like this monster. I wish we could talk more to each other. 'cause I think if we stop villainizing people based on what they do for a living or the opinions that they have, I feel like we could come together as a country and Just say, yeah, we agree to disagree. But I, I don't hate that person.


I don't wish bad things on that person. I hope we're getting there. And I think more conversations like this help us to get there. Do you think, I only got a couple more questions. Do you think like the conservative movement, even the liberal movement more so I guess on like cable news networks, do you think they're more concerned with influencing policy or just going viral? I Think there are people that are interested in going viral. Sure. People are making money off of it now. Like when I started doing it, I, I wasn't making money off of it. Like I wasn't getting ad share revenue off of it. Yeah. And I wasn't on X trying to, you know, do the engagement farming so I could get my check from X every month. So I was just doing it because I really felt it. There are people now that realize there is money in it. So you can say crazy things and you can get a lot of clicks and people will talk about you, but you gotta live with yourself at night if you're doing it for that reason.


And if you're just doing it to get the attention and people can see through it, I think people are so good at detecting BS at this point, and they can tell when someone's not genuine and they're just saying it to say it or to go viral. But I don't feel the people that I work with at Fox are very meaningful with what they say. And I feel that the people that I work with, Not all of them now, some of them are just funny. Jesse Waters is just entertaining. Well, He's fun. I, But do I believe Jesse believes the things he says? Yes, I do. Yeah. But I think he's just up there being entertaining. I know Gutfeld is just being entertaining. Yeah. But they're having fun. And, and that's okay. But I don't think that specifically the people that I work with, I don't think they're doing it to go viral. I really don't. And, and at Fox it's like the people that have been doing this for 20 years, they don't know what viral is.


Like they know what it is, but they're not, you know, Sean Hannity's not like, let me go viral. Yeah. I don't think Sean's trying to go viral. Do you, you said you were doing it at one time though? No, I said when I was going viral, I wasn't making money off of it. It wasn't like, let me say this so I can go viral and make money or get influenced. I was saying things that I felt and it went viral, but I never did it. Like, let me say this, to go viral today. I think, I think when, you know that when you commentate on certain aspects of the culture, especially black culture, you know that it's gonna cause a lot of people to start engaging with you. Sure. But engaging is fine. Starting a dialogue is fine. I think we should start a dial.


That's why we do what we do. If nobody's having a conversation based on what you say, you probably shouldn't do this for a living. Like, if you just go on and you're like, I'm just gonna have a, a mediocre day today, And I'm just gonna say things that are right down the middle and not piss anyone off, you probably shouldn't be in the talk show business or the radio business or any business, but I don't say things. I guess the point I'm trying to make is I've never said anything that I don't believe for the purpose of going viral or making a headline or a soundbite. I've never done that once. And I've taken real hits from my side of the aisle for things that I've said that didn't go along to get along. So I take it from both sides and like, there's a, for me, there's not a calculation that goes into it.


Have You ever changed your mind? Sure. I've sure I've changed my mind. Mm. I have evolved on things. Yeah, absolutely. You know, and when you, you're in this business and you're in it for long enough, like you realize, oh wow. Some of the stuff that I said when I was 24, you know, maybe I wouldn't say today at 32, you just, you learn and you grow in the business. Have, Have you ever had to alter your personal choices and beliefs to protect your image from a base that judges women harshly? Well, people say really nasty stuff to women. So it's not fun when people pick on your looks or they pick on everything about you. Or, oh, you, you know, I'm not gonna sit there and correct everyone that's like, oh, you had a nose job.


I didn't have a nose job. But if, if you wanna think I had a nose job, whatever, Emini here, it's women take it just in much different way than men. Like, they don't pick on what men wear. They don't pick on how they just women. It's like, oh, they, you know, this is, why is she wearing this? She's ugly. Why? You know, why is she wear that? Or why is her makeup? Like, whatever. That's fine. I Guess I'm saying conservatives, a lot of conservatives, And I hate, I really do hate saying conservative, liberal, but I really feel like a lot of conservatives feel like women have a place. You think so? Yeah, Absolutely. I would say there are a lot of women in the Trump administration right now that are in very high roles that are not in the place that maybe old conservatism would say that they would be in because they're running things like, women are really running this administration, I think.


Do you think conservative media elevates fewer women to real power? Not at all. Okay. Everyone. I, most of the people at my network are women in high places. Our CEO e is a woman. CEO is a woman. Yeah. Yeah. And she's a badass. Woman's it. Yeah. Okay. So what about like, I guess for prime time, like Laura Ingram's the only one that has the show on, Well, Laura Ingram, but Emini here, if you, if you look at our lineup, Emini here on right now would probably be Harris Faulkner who has her own show. And then I'm gonna go sit with her and Outnumbered. And that's all women in One Man. And then after that is America Reports co-anchor by a man and a woman. And then you go into, you know, will Kane, and then you go into the five, which is mixed group of people. And then you go into Brett Bear and then you go into Laura, Jesse and Sean.


Yeah. Like, we don't say, oh, we need women here and women there, but we have like a very good mix. And at my network, when you walk in, the people that are running the things, whether they're producers, senior producers, they are women. I promise you they're women. Women get things done everywhere, but at Fox women get things done. Absolutely. Do you feel like you fell under the radar a little bit because the people who now have a Candace Owens? No, that's a good question. See, but I don't, maybe we're motivated by different things. I don't know what she's motivated by. I couldn't tell you. We're not friends. We're more than not friends. We're not friends. Gotcha. We're not friendly. You Don't fuck with her. You don't like her. We're not friendly. I haven't spoken to her in years and years and years, but we're not, oh, y used to, But we not know.


Y'all did speak before. Well, in the business we have, but I I we've never been friendly. Got you. Her And I have never been friendly. I don't know she's gonna do her thing is Like a Kaitlyn Clark, angel Reese thing, or, oh, I don't think So. I just, we just are not, we're not friendly. We're just not friends. And that's fine. And she says some crazy stuff sometimes that I really disagree with. I don't like a lot of her commentary. I like some of it, you know, I like some of your commentary And I don't like others, whatever. But I, my motivations are very, I think my motivations are different. I don't know because that's, that's her motivations are hers. I can't tell you what they are. Yeah. I would never claim to know what someone's intentions are. I don't say things to be controversial for the purpose of being controversial, to go viral, to say things that, and maybe she, and she probably does believe them.


I'm not saying she doesn't believe them. I I don't do that. You feel like she does though, is what you're saying. I don't, I don't know why she does it. Like I really could not tell you. And I would never sit here and say, well, I know why someone does something, because I don't know, And I haven't spoken to her in many years. If her And I were sit down, I'd be like, Hey, do you, and she would ask me probably the same thing, Hey, do you believe everything you're saying? Yes I do. And I asked her, she'd probably say, yes, I do. You know, we, there can be many women that have platforms. By the way, I think that there's this notion that there can only be like two women in conservative media. I want there to be a hundred women in conservative media with large platforms and in liberal media and in in between media and people who don't do politics and media. I want everybody to have a voice.


And the more voices that we have, the more choices people have. So I think that that's all part of the conversation. Well, Tommy Lauren, make sure you check her out on Fearless on Out kick.com. When does Fearless come on? Every day or 1:00 PM Eastern. 1:00 PM Eastern every day on out kick.com. And you can check your commentary out on Fox. Yes, sir. All right, Tommy, thank you for joining us. Thanks for having me. It's The Breakfast Club. Wake that ass up early In the morning, The Breakfast Club. Okay.


Have you heard about this? Last year The Green changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old scent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admit, they effed up and are bringing the original cool Rush sent back. Now it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. It's the reason it's the number one men's antiperspirant and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool. Rush for yourself.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Colgate Total may make your favorite toothpaste, but it's also a science innovator committed to oral health. For instance, the Colgate Total Active Prevention System with a cutting edge toothbrush, refreshing any bacterial mouthwash and a reformulated toothpaste. With the technology so innovative, it won the 2024 Edison Patent Award. The Colgate Total Active Prevention System is 15 times more effective at reducing bacteria buildup to fight the root cause of oral health problems in six weeks. Starting from week one compared to a non antibacterial fluoride toothpaste and flat trim toothbrush. Talk about science. Get the Colgate Total Active Prevention System today so you can be dentist ready. Shop now by visiting shop.colgate.com/total


Meetings. Deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could just escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down, the all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


This iHeartPodcasts.