
Something unexpected happened after Jeremy Scott confessed to killing Michelle Schofield in Bone Valley. Season one. Every time I hear about my dad is, oh, he's a killer. He's just straight evil. I was becoming the bridge between Jeremy Scott and the son he'd never known. At the end of the day, I'm literally a son of a killer.


Listen to new episodes of Bone Valley Season two, starting April 9th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake that ass up in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJNV Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne Nega. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes, indeed. Melanie Fiona. Welcome. Hello. How are you feeling? Long time No, see Man. I'm so happy to back. Why is it so cold? I know. It's always cold. You tell me. No, not in here. I'm she's about in New Streets. Yes. You crazy Days ago, like 70, 80 degrees a couple days ago. It was, Why couldn't we keep that same energy? But you, You're not used to the cold Weather no more? No, no, no. I'm in California. Okay. My, my Canadian blood is, has, It's gone. It's not, no, it's never gone. But the Caribbean blood is living. She's thriving now. How has it been for a woman from Toronto living in LA during the Kendrick Lamar era?


Jesus Starts right up. Wow. This question. Wow. Wow. Welcome. How's That been? It's active. It's active. Okay. You know, I'm very Canadian in LA That's my position. You're Very Canadian. Okay. I like that. Well, how are you doing? How are you doing? We haven't seen from you in a long time. How is everything? You know what? Life is blessed. I'm, I'm, I feel very, you know, blessed to be here again, talking about new music, Motherhood. Yes. It's a full scope journey for me. I'm just, like I said, I'm just blessed to have gas in the tank, still have creativity, to still have opportunity, and I'm just doing everything that I love to do. So, you know, I'm happy. I'm grateful. Congratulations. You got married recently. I did. Well, I did. I still think four years ago was recently four or five years ago.


So It is, it is recently. Yeah. And we've been together for like, you know, 13 years now. So it's 12. I don't know, don't quote me a long time, but, you know, it, it, it's getting married except Cetera. We did it in the pandemic and that was really just a testament to making it happen. Yeah. However you gotta make it happen. We had planned a huge wedding, just decided, you know what, we're just gonna walk down, get this done. That's, and it was really one of the best decisions we made. Yeah. You Know what's only interesting, people always talk about during the pandemic how folks got divorced because they realized that they didn't really like taste significant other. Right. We had to spend so much time with 'em. But then there's the other side too, like your story. Yeah. We, we, we did realize in that year, we were like, I, I really do like you Emini here. We had already had a kid at that point.


Yeah. We were like, I really like you. Like let's do this. It actually made us closer and then actually at the end of 2023, we had a, like a ceremony in our backyard just for our family. 'cause we didn't have any family when we did it. So that was really special too. And I had my dad walk me down the aisle. I got to wear the dress I never wore. So it was, it was special. And I think that that's kind of what the last few years of my life has taught me is that you just gotta make the moments. Like, we don't know if tomorrow's promised, so you gotta say yes today and that, and is that what the scope of Say Yes is about? Yes, absolutely. So as the journey of life goes, you know, I think a lot of people talk about saying no a lot. You know, we say no how to set boundaries. I had to do a lot of that in my life throughout my career.


And I think that everything remarkable that I've really learned, that I've seen that I can do has come on the other side of Saying YES. Mm. You know, Saying YES to overcoming fear, Saying YES to the love and the life that you wanna desire. Saying YES to the people who show up for you and say, how can I be down? How can I help? But obviously with discernment, that takes work. So I just want people to hear, say Yes as a musical project, but also to have affirmative language in their life. Say yes, say yes to you. Say yes to whatever it is that you want, and go for it. Deshonda Rhis book influenced this. You know what's so funny? The year of Yes. I was reading it. Yeah. Wow. Absolutely. Yeah. Cool. Now, 13 years off the grid. Yep. What you've been doing for 13 years. Last time we seen when Emini here off the, the grid. Off the grid.


Off the grid. You know, but you know what? I wasn't like you was hiding. I really wasn't. I really wasn't. I I was outside in different ways. You know, I was making a life as well as a living. I continue to do shows. I am a part of a podcast now called The Mama's Dance. It's a Motherhood podcast, a collective. I just started developing Motherhood community and initiatives. You know, I decided to expand my wingspan and, and just really step into everything I could possibly do with my voice, all while figuring out how I wanted to continue to do music. Yeah. You know, the industry is, is a, is a, is one, one siloed experience of this. And, you know, after everything that I had went through the peak of success, enjoying that, having difficulties with my voice, like just all these things, it really made me ask myself, how do I wanna live and create for the rest of my life?


And so that took some shifting, that took some refocusing, that took some severing conversations and, and relationships and just going independent. Yeah. You know, and really just figuring out how, how I want to live my life. And so you need experience. You need to love and learn and live and, and make new music and get inspiration for all of that. So I think a lot of people, especially in the music industry, we live in this space or in entertainment where you feel like there's this clock ticking on you. You know, this clock ticking in, the only clock I'm on is God's clock. If I'm alive And I have another opportunity, I will show up when I'm called to show up and when I have something to say, when I have something to offer.


And I feel like I'm in that space now. And so my mantra for myself and for anyone out there is, take your time. It's yours to take. Like, we don't, we don't work on anybody else's clock. So, you know, I just feel grateful that in all that time I've still been able to reach the fans, continue to build community, continue to build fan base, and like I said, just have more products and, and creativity to put out. So, you know, 13 years to still have people checking for you Hell yeah. Is a blessing. 'cause some people, nobody's calling for them, you know, know and God bless those people because they don't know how they're gonna work or what else they can do. So in that space, I figured out what else I can do and what else I can create. Now You mentioned your voice already, Jess. What happened with your voice?


So right after the MF life came out, I remember it was just off the Grammys. Everything was just at the peak of success for me. And I started having trouble with my voice. Mm. And I couldn't sing for like, more than 30 minutes. And, you know, I, I have the ballads. Yes, you do. So she has to sing all the time up here. And so that was a really terrifying place to be at. 'cause I had never had any voice issues. So I started to see all these specialists. They were all like, there's nothing wrong with your vocal cords. Mm. Nothing wrong with your vocal cords. And it was one doctor that said, what kind of a year have you had? And it was just a, a floodgate of emotions. Wow. 'cause nobody had asked me, how are you? Wow. I had just come off of a really bad breakup.


I had moved states and cities. I had had this extreme, you know, disparity and dis contrast of like high and low that I was experiencing. And it was literally all energetic. I was just blocked in my throat chakra. Literally. I had to go for energetic healing acupuncture. I just started to seek alternative methods. And that was really the, the, the place where I started to have to really recognize if I wanted to live happily in my purpose, I had to be mindful with my purpose. I had to be protective of my purpose. I had to find peace and set boundaries and really start to define how I wanted to move through my life and my art. So I remember I just went for a few sessions, started to be really mindful, And I was back on tour for six weeks with Mary j Blige and, And I, and DeAngelo with no voice issues after that.


Wow. So it was just stress. It was just stress and tension. And, you know, there's Louise Hayes. The body keeps the score. Like we, we are energy and we hold everything that we go through. This is trauma, this our conversations, our pain points. And you don't understand why sometimes we have progressive and consistent ailments and things like that. And a lot of it is from the stress and the trauma that we've been through in our lives. So I really encourage people to approach their life from a very holistic standpoint. Don't be so close-minded to think that it's just one thing we are, we can actually be responsible for our own healing as well. Yeah. I completely agree. And I, I'm wondering like over the last 13 years, did you take a break from music?


'cause you were kind of like rediscovering yourself. So Yeah, it, it, it's a little bit of all of it. It's, it's, you know, discovering myself in Motherhood, in womanhood, in an independent space. You know, stepping away from the big machine of things a little bit going and choosing to go independent. A lot of that requires time. You know, and more time than we think. Like, we think a lot of these things just happen overnight, you know, especially when you got legal stuff involved. Yeah. Oh, that could take a long time. And it, some of it did, you know. But also at the same time, I just really was enjoying the presence of my moments of life. You know, being present for my son in the first three years after having him. 'cause I was working on an album that never came out at that time.


But that, that, you know, entrance into Motherhood really made me say, I think I need to reshift some things in my life. Mm. Yeah. But during that time, I was able to be present with my child. So it was a lot of rediscovery, it was a lot of shifting, it was a lot of living, you know, and, and at a pace for myself and my family, which was really healthy for me. Yeah. Because I, I, oh, go ahead Jill. You had sat down and did a interview with BET where you were talking about the sanity of moms. Yes. And us feeling like we don't have the safe space to be able to say things like, I don't feel like mommy in today. And things like that. 'cause we'll feel bad for it. Do you feel that you have, that you're in that safe space today?


Yes. Yeah. Yeah. And I think it took, having a second child, I never thought I was gonna have a second child. But again, God's plan and, you know, a little, a little bit of reckless behavior during the pandemic. But, you know, it, it, it really, it really was, it was me allowing myself the permission to understand that it's gonna be okay. Yeah. And that I'm doing a great job And I love my children. And also the thing that I always wanna encourage women who are mothers in any capacity of their lives is your children need to see you being you. You know how many of us have seen that? Our moms be like, my mom was so self-sacrificing. She's miserable. Yeah. She got back pain and stress and high blood pressure because she was so self-sacrificing for everyone else.


There's no reward for that. You know, you have to pour into yourself. Yeah. And so that whole empty cup analogy and, and metaphor, like, it's, it's, it's a real thing. We pour as women, we are nurturers, we are nurturing the earth. We are nurturing our offices. We are nurturing our children, our partners. We have to create space Yeah. And demand that we have space to pour into ourselves. Yeah. It's the only way we can show up. And that's Why it's very important for, you know, kids, even us at our age, get to know your parents. Like to have conversations with them and learn who they were before they were your parents. Yes. Absolutely. You know, it, it's interesting 'cause somebody asked me about this the other day. They're like, how do you feel your perspective has changed making music now versus making music before?


You know, before children I was singing heartbreak love songs. Yes. And people love me for that. And you know, my kids now, they listen to these songs. They don't really have the context, but they're gonna understand the journey of who their mother was as a woman. Right. And they're gonna hear these songs on Say Yes and know that these songs are a reflection of transformative affirmative love. And they're gonna understand that they're a part of that. And so I do think it's important that your children know who you are. This generation. Absolutely. That we all cloak and dagger in secrets and traumas. Like, yeah, that's done. Done. We can't do that for our children anymore. We didn't do, we didn't do ourselves No favors keeping secrets. No, No, no, no. And our children deserve to know who we are so that they have permission to be who they can be in their lives. Yeah. And understand that it's not a, it's not a straight line and it's no perfect.


You know, you just do your best. How is it doing? Because you said you're independent now, so you're no longer with UMG or Rock Nation? No. Why did you decide to go independent? You know, that's just, just like the trajectory of life. I had the opportunity to, And I took it, you know, I, it wasn't a, a bad situation. You know, shout out to Steve Rifkin and SRC records, you know, I had the opportunity to make an exit to, to change the, the, the trajectory of my life. And I took it. And again, even that had its issues going independent. And even that had its learning curves. But, you know, now in this space, this project, I've partnered with a Canadian label, you know, some friends from back home who were like, yo, what do you wanna do? And I was like, I wanna put out some new music.


And they were like, bet we'll help you. You know, and, and even in that space with a little bit of help, it's still a lot on me. So I'm still driving this ship. I'm still steering how I want it to feel and look like. And having the long existing relationships with people that you have history with and coming back to see them. So I don't feel like I'm starting from scratch. I'm just starting again. Right. And it feels good. Like, it feels free. And also, I think for me creatively, I'm not trying to chase who I was. I've already done that. It kills me. Exists four M exists. Wrong side of a love song, fool for you. They already exist. They've already amounted the success I wanna be and create new art that it has its own light and own life.


So, you know, it's, it's good. You know, people, artists, we are, everybody's like, you know, get to the artists are the bag. Like you, you are the, you are the bag. So you have value once you know that people come to you and they wanna help and they want to collaborate with you. Yeah. But it definitely takes a team. And so I'm, I'm rebuilding my team. It's been, you know, as I expand in the Motherhood space in different ways to use my voice, that team will continue to expand. Yeah. It's a lot of responsibility. Lots. And I got two kids now, so it's way more responsibility. But again, it's blessed stress as I call it. Yeah. Gotcha. You know, we're all stressed about something. At least be stressed about what you love doing.


There you Go. Do you have ever feel guilty, have those guilty thoughts that you're not spending enough time with your children? Because now you're, you're delving back into music and you're, you have all the, your podcasts and Yeah. Everything else that, do you, do you still feel yourself struggling in areas where you like, can improve or you want to improve? You know what, Emini here, Definitely. You know, I'm, I'm getting ready to go on tour. You know, this is the first time I'm going on tour with two kids. It's having both. And since having both, how old are they? Three and nine. And I got, I Got, I got two of those at the house. You really do? Nine and three. Yep. Wow. It's a big, it's a, you like that jump, you like that space in between? Yeah. I actually got, I got three, six, and nine and then a 16-year-old.


Mm. Stick it to me one more time. Yeah. Like, I, I really, I really am kind of bracing myself for that. Yeah. What that's gonna be like to be away from my children for three weeks. Emini here, they'll probably pop out and, and say hi on a couple of shows. But you know, they have, they have school now and, and that's a big part of my mental load. I run that ship even though I'm out here. Yeah. Gonna go do television tomorrow. Your husband Be so effed up. He gonna be calling you every month. Where's the shoes at? You know what the, where the socks at? No, actually, he's really good. And we have help right now. We have family with us who know how we kind of run our house. So we've kind of had to enlist that help. But I think that that's one way that I kind of give myself permission. And I, I, I try to quiet the guilt down.


I think guilt is a thing that naturally comes up. Yeah. But you have to work actively to say that's not really real. Yeah. Like my kids are actually taken care of. I am actually out here doing what I need to do. They're cared for, they're loved. And it's temporary. Yeah. Everything is temporary. Like, my parents are immigrants. I think about my parents leaving my brother in Guyana to come and immigrate to Canada to set the life up to bring their children and their family up to Canada. And how devastating that must have been to be like, we don't know if it's gonna work. We don't know what's gonna happen. But I have to leave my child in a different country Yeah. And reestablish my life.


You know, so I always use that as, as a guiding light for me. Yeah. Every time I think about guilt and every time I think about what's possible. 'cause we all, we made it. We all made it, and we we're doing All right. Yeah. And I'm, I'm seven months postpartum, so it's like you're in the thick and it's your first Yes. Right. And no, this is my, this number two, my, my son is 12. Okay. Started over, right? Yeah. Girl. Yeah. So, and although I do have help, you know, my fiance's mom, she moved from Kuwait to come and be the nanny and help. Yeah. You know, and, and that is, don't play with me. Don't play with me. No, Melanie, he be trying now you not gonna come for the Mamas now, now you, You got anyway.


You Not gonna come for the mamas. I got you Girl. Because she Mexican or whatever. So it's like, I'm like, I wasn't concerned. Like she Just, I know she was, yeah. She was working over there. Okay. Yeah. Okay. And I, I was concerned. I should you say that at a time like this. Just, she just got here like, what? You shut up man. Go ahead. Continue. Shut up. Go ahead Jess. Go girl. So, and, And I still find myself feeling guilty, you know, I, I was breastfeeding but outta nowhere. I just stopped producing milk and, and I'm guilty because I can't give her breast milk anymore. Now she has to get on formula and everything and it's just like, and, and I'm, I'm touring 'cause I'm a standup comedian as well.


And so I'm here this weekend and then I'm there this weekend And I have to get up early and leave her. Something unexpected happened after Jeremy Scott confessed to killing Michelle Schofield in Bone Valley Season one. I just knew him as a kid. Long silent voices from his past came forward And he Was just staring at me And they had secrets of their own to share. Gilbert came, I'm the son of Jeremy Lynn Scott. I was no longer just telling the story. I was part of it. Every time I hear about my dad is, oh, he's a killer. He's just straight evil. I was becoming the bridge between a killer and the son.


He'd never known If the cops and everything would've done their job properly. My dad would've been in jail. I would've never existed. I never expected to find myself in this place. Now I need to tell you how I got here. At the end of the day, I'm literally a son of a killer Bone Valley season two. Jeremy, Jeremy, I want to tell you something.


Listen to new episodes of Bone Valley season two, starting April 9th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. And to hear the entire new season ad free with exclusive content starting April 9th, subscribe to Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


Yeah. Because I do radio from six to 10 or six to 11, whatever that is. So I'm still in the thick of it where I'm trying to balance that, that guilt or even just rebuke the guilt. 'cause I, I know I shouldn't feel that way, but I do. I cannot shape that. But you but you because you love Yeah. You love your child. And when you love something so much, when you love something, think about everything that you love even professionally. Like you wanna show up in love. Yes. Right. And this is someone that you made, like you carry, you know, the sacrifice, the bond. Yeah. And yeah, like the, that breastfeeding thing, girl. Oh my gosh. Lemme tell you, when my first one, I was so sad when that milk was like, bye bye girl, with my second.


I was like, are we done? Whatever, are we done? Yeah. Because I'm not enjoying, like, it was so difficult the second time around by three months, I remember my husband looked at me and he was just like, if you are unhappy, why are you doing Just stop. I was pumping nonstop just to be like, she gotta get Yeah. My body was like, no, we're we're done now. And, And I felt the second time around when I released myself from that. So I know everything that you're saying and it's a journey and no one's actually gonna help you get there. Yeah. It's just you, you're gonna have to arrive. You're gonna have to see, I think once you start to maybe, once you start to just realize when she sees you happy, she does not know any, like you being happy is actually what makes her happy.


Yeah. And I think that that's the thing that we forget your children's happiness and they've done studies on this depends on the happiness of the mother more than anyone else in their life. So you being happy and fulfilled in my, my only advice, even though we are not really supposed to give advice, my only, you know, suggestion would be to try to find the happiness in, in your presence. Yeah. You know, we, we, we talk about balance. Like it's supposed to be 50 50, no, some days it's 90 10, but when you're there at nine, if you're there at 90, be there with her. You know, enjoy your time, show her. Enjoy, like, create those moments. And when you're not there, then she knows that she's loved. Yeah. And then you are, and your full purpose as well.


Thank you. But, but it's, it's, it's hard. I get it. It really is hard. And it's a real thing. Like we talk about it on the podcast all the time. Yeah. 'cause it's a real thing. And when did You meet your husband? How did y'all meet? Ooh, he be looking for one. That's what he husband, I've been married 24 years. Absolutely. Six. My husband, six kids. Put some respect on that. 31. Thank you very much. I don dunno what he talking about. He wants to be based so bad. Messy. Messy. Oh, he wants to be based so bad. Just messy. Y'all still messy? Oh my gosh. Y'all still doing this? Messy He still doing This? No. He, every day where you meet your husband. No, because he talks about love. He's asking the thoughtful questions. I love this question. Thank you very much for asking. So, So There's a fun, a funny story is we actually used to work in the same studio right next to each other and didn't even know for years.


Mm. And one day he used to be a songwriter. Now he's a manager and an executive. He's a partner at a, at a media company. He's doing very well. I'm very proud of him. But at that time, he was a songwriter And I was working on my second project. And the first time we met this guy from my team was like, Hey, these guys next door wanna play you a song. And she step next door and go. So I walked inside. That was the first time we met, but we were both in different relationships. And then Kasu like a few years later, we're both outta relationships and we're in a writing trip. We're like on a writing camp. And we ended up on an island together. Wow. Writing camp for what artists, if you don't mind saying It. It was just like a writing, like a creative, you write for, you just write, okay. And then like you place the songs or whatever. And it was my first writing camp And I didn't even know him.


We took the same flight, we got off the flight and the, we saw each other and it was like, oh hey, I know you, I know you. But instantly we were just like really familiar. And that's how, that's how it started. We just met on this island And I was like, this is like, I don't know, this is really weird. And I had actually gotten out of a relationship like a year and a half before I was doing my dating thing, being outside. And I remember right before I went on that trip, I said to my friend at the time, I was like, I think I'm ready to meet someone for real, for real. Like, I think I'm ready to like venture into a serious relationship again. And I went on that trip and we met and then we came back to New York and we kind of started dating. We dated for almost a year.


Like kind of figuring it out. And then we broke up. I thought it was gonna be a good story from there. It's a brilliant story. Y'all spun The block. It's a brilliant story. No, you know what the thing is? I always say this because I always used to say, I was like, no U-turn. Like at that point in my life, I was like, I've already done the, you know how it's gonna work out when you make, when you spin the block, if you have this turnaround, it usually don't work. So what I always do, what I said was, is like, I just kept going and he met me where I was at. Ooh. Wow. Wow. So when we, yeah. 'cause I wasn't looking back. I was like, if you are my person, you, we will align. I don't have to pull back and, and you don't have to like, you're gonna meet me where I'm at. And I had done a lot of work at that time.


So I wasn't willing to compromise the amount of self work I had done. I knew the love I deserved, I knew the love that I wanted. I felt like we could have it. But again, you gotta say yes to overcoming some of those things. So Why'd y'all break up? You know, at that time we, I don't, I'll say this, we both gotten out of long relationships And I had done the work to figure out how to move on from that. And I don't think that he had at the time Gotcha. He had never given himself permission to be single. He'd never enjoyed that part. And so I think when he met me, I think it was a, a moment where he was kinda like, whoa, I think I just met the person I'm gonna be the rest be with for the rest of my life. Like, am I ready for that? Yeah. I need to be the man that she deserves For sure.


And I, And I respected him for that. And when we parted ways, it was in love. Like, that was one of the most beautiful breakups I think I'd ever had. Because we saw each other for who we were as individuals. And I was just like, whatever work you need to do for yourself has nothing to do with me. And I actually don't even wanna be the catalyst for it. So I'm gonna remove myself so that you have the space to go and do and be what you wanna do and be without my influence or me planting seeds. And so I know that if you showed back up, you showed up. 'cause you wanna be here, you showed up because this is where, you know you're supposed to be not because I've, I've been planting a seed of hope. Like are you gonna, Hey, I'm still here. No, I started dating someone else. Like we really started, oh hell No, he called, he called the lady immediately after that.


He got the therapist online. One a. Yeah. But he did that work. He did that work. And, and when he showed back up, it was on like, I, I had whatever reservations that I had thought about spinning the block or getting back together with an ex, they were just gone. I was like, I'm choosing to do this with you. So what was the moment that it was okay, he's ready. Like what was it? Or did you just feel, was it I I just, I just knew he, he came back. We didn't talk for six months. I, I I, I'm like a no contact kind of person. Right. Did he text you? Hey, big head. Whatcha doing big Head? Yeah, exactly. He hit me. I told him, I said, don't call me. I said, don't call me about the weather. Damn.


I said, don't ask me how I'm doing, I'll be fine. But I was like, when you call me, have something to say, Grand rising Queen, You know? No doing Any of that. No. We're doing any of that grandest of risings queen. No. You know, he just hit me and he was like, you know, hey, I was just, you know, calling to see how you were doing. I was like, I told you I'm doing good. You know, damn, I'm doing good. You are a Tough cookie. Yes. Yeah. You know what he calling for? I told you I'm doing good. No, but I had to And I respect It. You did The work. I had to. I I had to. And then finally he hit me. I was in LA and you know, he was like, he was like, Hey, will you have dinner with me? And I was like, no. Jesus. Yeah, no, I was, I was really trying to, I was really trying to, and a friend of mine was like, she was like, you love this person, why don't you just go have dinner with them?


Like he wants to see you. Yeah. And so I went and we had dinner and you know, he, he was like, Hey, like, I was just hoping he was living in outta state at the time. He was living in Florida And I was living in California. And he was like, you know, he's like, I was wondering if, you know, you, you come out and like just, you know, hang out with me. And I was like, no. I was like, damn, I'm not, I'm not coming out. And he was like, he's like, okay, well then I'm coming back to LA. And so then he came out to LA and this, this is like my favorite part of the story because I was like, don't do this. Like, I don't do this if you're not ready, like, for real. Like, I'm not playing. So then after he's like, I'm coming to LA and he's like, I will be here for three days. Mm. And he's like, if you will see me, he was like, this is where I'll be.


And I was like, I'll let you know. Mm. And I didn't even, and then I called him 30 minutes before And I was like, I'm pulling up in 30 minutes. He's like, I'm here. So he really posted up. And when I went there, he was in front Of your house? Just waiting? No, no, no. This was at a hotel. Oh. He, he was at a hotel in LA And I, but I was really, I really was like, let me see if you really about that action. But like, I wasn't making it difficult for him. I was just really being firm on my boundaries. Did You get a fly when you pulled up? You know, I did. You, you know, because if it's the last time you're gonna see somebody, you gotta leave a, you gotta leave the impression. But it wasn't, it really wasn't. And, and you know, the things that he said, it was just the most genuine, I just knew Spirit was like, we are aligned here. And I knew that it was, it was the right decision for me.


I knew that I was, and that's, you know, even on the ep I wrote this song called I Choose You. Because I think that choice is the greatest thing we have. And when we exercise it in empowerment, it can be so beautiful. And so for me, I was like, all right, I'm gonna choose to say yes to this. You are choosing me And I'm choosing you. And we are going to do this together. We know where we've come from. We know what we've been through with all of that. Said, let's choose to do this together. And so we did. And in six months I was pregnant. Oh. So this is about him. He Chose. So say Yes, listen. Oh listen, let me tell you something. That moment of us finding out I was pregnant again, like I didn't think I, that wasn't the plan, but it was God's plan.


And when I really happened, like as soon as we got pregnant and then we had our son, I literally was just like, oh, this is why. Yeah. Like I, of course we have a beautiful love and life and connection And I really do feel like that is my person. But when we had our son, I literally was like, oh, this, yeah, this little spirit needed us to get our shit together so that he could be here. There, there's so much that I, I'm hearing in what you said, number one, the power of intention. Absolutely. Because you Told your home girl, I need to find my person to set boundaries, find peace for peace fe the set boundaries. Find peace part is very important. Yeah. And you know, just people doing the work and what's for you won't escape you. It's, oh, it, it's, it's there for you time and time again.


You just have to trust the process. Yeah. You really do. You have to be willing to journey and pay attention and learn and, and allow yourself to be a student of life. Like, truly like in all the work that I feel like I've done on myself, I'm still learning. I'm still being tested. These kids come along and test you. They show you parts of yourself that you didn't even know, you know, that you still needed to work on in marriage. Even at this time right now, we're both in the busiest seasons of our lives together. And that's a challenge. You know, so how do we navigate that? We're not the same people we were, we have more responsibilities, more stress. So, you know, it, it's just, it's an evolution always. But the intention, the power of intention is everything. We cannot do anything without intention.


Yeah. Yeah. And Oh, Go ahead. Go ahead. I was gonna say the, the setting boundaries part though. Mm. Just the fact that you were firm in your nose. I want you to expound on that. Why is that important? You know, I think for a lot of my life I was a people pleaser. And I think for a lot of my life I felt like I had to be nice And I had to get along And I had to go with the flow and not rock the boat. And I really realized that people, you get more by people knowing that you know who you are and that you can't be swayed on that. And I think that no is we hear it a complete sentence, you know? And you don't have to be rude about anything. Like, no, thank you. Yeah. You know what, not at this moment.


I appreciate that, but no, thank you. I'll pass. Like, there's so many ways, you know, that doesn't align with me right now. There's so many ways we can say no. That still empower us and you if you don't wanna feel offensive. But the setting boundaries is everything. Because again, I think because of the boundaries that I've set for myself in my life, I can now freely say yes and feel like I'm doing it from wisdom, from experience, from divine protection. I feel like the universe responds when you operate at a high frequency. And so I know that I've done the work. You cannot get to that free space of Saying YES by just being like, I'm gonna Just say yes to everybody. That's people pleasing tendencies. The Say Yes from a points of empowerment comes from setting those boundaries. So they go, they go hand in hand.


Yeah. Why only six songs all this time? It's not enough. So just EP saying album, it's ep, just pick song Because that's what I got. Got you. Got you, got you. Because That's what I wanted to do. Seems, feels like it's the, the the timeline of your love, like of how you and your husband, you Know? Yes. It, it really is. And you know, the thing is is that we, there's, there's been so much time between these projects And I understand that, but you know, six songs are still six songs. It could have been no songs. There's someone it really could have Or it could have been 12 songs, but people only really love six ba so just give 'em the six. Yeah. People don't really love it.


They don't like it, you know, they don't like it. It's not for everybody. And I think that that's the thing with this project, it's been so long. I wanted to give people something that allows them to, I think connect with the, the foundation. I think of who I am. Like a, like Mona Lisa Smile in the Project is very much a true Melanie Fiona fan record. Like they will love that. But then, you know, you've got Say Yes, which is a completely live song. You know, the version on the project. There's a version on the project that's seven minutes long, you know? Oh wow. It's fully artful. It's, it's transcendent, it's ethereal. It's Andre Harris, Chris, Dave Thundercat, Charlie Burrell. And Sir, like, we crafted this. It's art, you know, so these songs are really special to me.


La Russell is on the project, the feature, you know, I got James font Laroi on this project. We did a song. So these songs to me are just, it's, it's the right offering for right now. And I think that people will enjoy it and they'll wanna run it back and listen to it over and over again. Because like you said, you give some people 12 songs, people's attention spans are these days. TikTok Long. Yep. You know what, Emini here. Yeah. And so it's been a while. I wanna reintroduce and reestablish myself. And so I felt like an EP was the best way. And you know, we can move on and make many albums and many songs and many projects. So I'm just not limiting myself. I'm just, this is what we got six songs. What was the inspiration of Mona Lisa's smile? Was it the movie or was it the actual smile? No, so Mona Lisa's smile came from a place of honestly being a black woman in this world.


Mona Lisa smile. You know, when you think about the Mona Lisa, nobody ever knows if she's smiling, if she's sad. Like we don't know this, this very nondescript, she don't really have Lips based on how you focus Your hands don't have a lot of Right, exactly. But her lips not really that full, so Right. You Well she's white. Yeah. Yes. Well we have black Mona Lisa now, You Know, and she's smiling today. But no, the, the thing is, is that Mona Lisa's smile, if you listen to it, it's this like beautiful song that sounds really pretty. It's got this vintage sound, but what I'm talking about is the, the stress of being in life and love with somebody. And she's just being like, I'm not going anywhere and I'm gonna put my best Mona Lisa's smile on. Because if I let one tear fall, I might fall apart.


Mm. But as a black woman in this world, as a woman in this world, I have to show up with my head held high and nobody will know what's going on inside. And that's really what Mona Lisa's smile is like, even in that side, just like when you're in a relationship with somebody, it's just like, Ooh, mm yeah, I'm gonna just hold it together right now. I'm gonna just hold it together right now. You know? So I really love Mona Lisa's smile for that, for that reason. 'cause I think it, it really is the untold story of what so many women carry in their relationships and in their roles in their lives. Yeah. Hmm. Another thing that you've talked about, you know, this, this conversation that I would love to just expound on is, 'cause somebody was up here, I forgot who it was, and they were just saying how work life balance does not exist.


Like there's no such thing. It's a lie that we tell ourselves. You're gonna give your energy to your, your family and that's gonna be, that you're gonna give your energy to your work. And that's gonna be that, like you said earlier, it's not gonna be 50 50, it might be 90 10. Yeah. Could you just expound on that a little Bit? Yeah. You know, they, they say something that I've heard many people say is you can have it all. You just can't have it all at the same time. And so, you know, I think for the, the wellbeing of ourselves, we have to give ourselves grace to be able to just be like, I wanna show up a hundred percent in everything. But all you gotta do is show up a hundred percent in where you're at in that moment. If that's cooking dinner, that's what I'm doing today. I'm cooking dinner, I'm doing that. Multitasking is this thing that they've told us.


You know, like we, it's not actually real. We're not supposed to be able to multitask. Like the only thing we really can do is like talk and look at the same time. Walk maybe and talk, you know, the, in order to be present and really great at something, you really do have to give it your full attention. Parenting, marriage, all of these things. So you can only do that in certain times of your day. We, you know, I don't know how many hours Beyonce has, 'cause they said, you know, she's got more than 24 hours 'cause she'd be getting it done. But, you know, in my 24 hour day, I just do the best I can in the moment. You know? Right now I'm not checking on my kids. Yeah. I can't, I'm here. So you just have to give yourself the grace to Just say, like I said, sometimes it's 90, sometimes it's 10.


Just do the best every day. A hundred percent. And, and if you're, and if you're a hundred percent, see we don't know. She Do have little lips, but she is smiling. Once I zoomed all the way in Melanie, I Don she does. About how you focus your game. I Had no idea. That's why people Stare at that picture forever So long. Right. And, And I had no idea that she was really smiling. So What is she looking at? What is she? Is she, is she stoic? Is she happy? Is she sad? We don't know. What do her eyes say? Her eyes say that she is sad. We don't even Know if that's a woman for We don't. And that's the thing, there's so much conversation about the moment. Yeah. What? See I don Just Say no, they gotta go past. No, there are think pieces about it. There are like people who are just like, we don't know. Yeah. My name's Mona Emini here, not Malcolm.


She's well, Clearly not Malcolm. A sad woman. Can we get into a joint off the ep? What you want to hear? Ooh. Say Yes. Say yes. What you, because you got some upbeat stuff on there too. What? I do have some upbeat. Oh my gosh. This, this is tricky. It's six songs. Ee Me First of all, why Yo Temp. Let's do up Tempo one. Run it. What are we Gonna do? What's the name of it? We gonna gotta do the name Of it. We we're gonna do Make Me Feel featuring La Russell All Summer Guy Russell Summer. Bop. Okay. Luther, My guy Russell Love La Russell, the Lights. Well, let's get into it right now.


And we appreciate you for joining us. Thank you. Don't be a 13 year stranger. Never. I won't be. You don't. I won't be. I really won't be. New York always says a special place in my heart, so I'm just happy to be back here. Thank y'all for And I gotta tune into your podcast, girl. I'm dealing with some mommy stuff stuff. Let's have you on it. Yeah. Next time you're in LA please come through. Okay. We can talk about all the things. Thank you. And it is a safe space. Absolutely appreciate you. All right, it's The Breakfast Club is Melanie Filia. Thank You. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Something unexpected happened after Jeremy Scott confessed to killing Michelle Schofield in Bone Valley Season one. Every time I hear about my dad is, oh, he's a killer. He's just straight evil. I was becoming the bridge between Jeremy Scott and the son he'd never known. At the end of the day, I'm literally a son of a killer. Listen to new episodes of Bone Valley season two, starting April 9th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.