
The holidays are in full swing at Home Depot. If you wanna make the most of your time with your family, they have everything you need. Like the KitchenAid Artisan sir stand mixer with 10 speeds and a five quart bowl that can whip up A nine yes, nine dozen cookie at once. That helps me out. You know I got six kids, so I need more than nine cookies, but plenty for everyone. Even the big guy. Get a gift. The whole family can gather around. Enjoy up to 40% of select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials at the Home Depot. Shop now@homedepot.com.


Amazon's Black Friday week starts November 21st with new deals added every day. Save on home goods to deck their halls toys to stuff their socket in fashion, like slipper to missile their toes. Shop Break deals on Amazon.


Hey, it's Meet Tyler, both Open Earbuds or stylish. The color, the way it looks, it looks almost like a earring. You know. So I feel like it could go with anything. My style is very fun. I feel like I always look like I'm on holiday. I just really like playing around with it and tying it to the music. So yeah, I really feel like the music I'm making right now feels like a holiday. So I wanna look like a tune. Check out bows.com for mo.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill Diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice, then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple Intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime at and t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming Fall 2024, which sir and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject To change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply to att.com/iphone four detail.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. We have Shine. Welcome brother. I'm so happy to be here. How you feeling? Happy to you here man. Time of the morning. I feel great. Hello Brooklyn. Hello New York City. And Hello Belize. Last time I saw you, I think it was the first time I ever met you, I believe was you was in South Charleston, South Carolina. Yep, that's right. It was the grand opening in the International African American Museum. We was in bourbons and bubbles together. Okay, that's right, That's right. With Brother Bakari Sellers Bakari. Absolutely. My guy Bakari. Yeah. How you feeling Man? I'm feeling great. You know we got this documentary coming out on Monday on Hulu And I Believe that You know the journey that I've had my 46 years.


Very inspirational And I believe that You know part of wanting to get this story told now is that I have so much more to go and do. So the the next phase of my life is becoming the Prime Minister of Belize. And that's gonna be an entirely different story and narrative as to how well I do as Prime Minister to transform Belize and to create greater connections with the United States and all the different people I know around The World and to see that unfold. But You know, the last 46 years have been sim cinematic You know we've had tragedies, we've had triumphs.


And I believe. There's so much to take away from that from somebody right now, the young shine that's out there, or whoever that's dealing with a difficulty, You know that's stuck, that's going through the most devastating period of their lives to understand the resilience that lives within all of us. And, and so I think it's a very timely story. I Heard you say, I've heard you say that what you've done since your Incarceration is and has been in the name of Belize, right? Yes. So it's kinda like a two part question. I I wanna know what that means, but I also wanna know You know, what were you doing in the name of before Incarceration? Well, before I, the, the younger Sean You know I wanted to be shine.


I wanted to be a great musician. I wanted to You know, make my mark on The World through my music, but quiet as kept. When I prayed You know I used to always pray to be a billionaire. And I prayed because I wanted to be a billionaire. I remember having this discussion with my father, You know, telling him that You know what's the, what's the, what's your debt? You know, I, I know some billionaire friends, this is back in like 2000 and and nine, that You know we, we, we'll cancel the debt of Belize. So I always thought about Belize, but more from You know being a great musician and then philanthropically, I would be able to give back. But I was thinking about You know my art and how I can be successful.


Whereas now my success is becoming a, a politician, becoming the Prime minister in order to create policies to create a society for Belize. That's everything I do. My success is not a, a documentary. My success is not You know investments. It's not anything to do with personal gain. My personal gain is how, how do I make housing a reality as a human right for Belize that right now can't afford it? How do I make You know M-S-M-E-A capital available for people who want to do startups? How do I make sure that people, you have students in Belize that can't afford a tertiary education when they graduate high school and they, they're brilliant.


But right now the facilities that they get for a loan they have to pay immediately. Whereas if they were able to pay those facilities after they got their degrees and employment, that'll make a world of a difference. That'll help grow our economy. Because the more skilled our people are, the more they can contribute to the GDP and GDP is everything because that pays the taxes so that we can guarantee the student debt loans. We can transform the public health care system and we can make housing as a human right of reality, et cetera, et cetera. So that's what I live for right now. And that's, that's Belize. And even here talking about Belize, when I first traveled to the States and today, that brings so much tourism to Belize and, and You know, even if I wasn't in a political space, I'd still be doing whatever I could to promote Belize.


But certainly in that political space in my life, period, it's all dedicated to Belize. I wanna, I wanna go back if, if you don't mind, for, for Shine. So your mother came here from Belize and That's right. You guys from the eighties, you guys moved to Brooklyn. That's right. And you fell in love with music. Yeah. Tell us about when you started rapping and how you ran into You know rest in peace Clark KET and how that rest in peace. Yeah. How that kind of You know accumulated your, your whole Rap career and why you wanted to become a rapper. So You know my Pops was a DJ You know my Pops was a dj. We, we always, that's the only thing I have over him.


'cause obviously You know he was a Prime Minister for three consecutive terms. A retired parliamentarian for over 30 years. And I said You know I might never be able to compare to you as Prime Minister, but you can't compare to me as a musician. Right. But he was a dj. So You know, being a musician was innate. It was my DNA, my genetics and You know I listened to a lot of dance hall music. Obviously being from Belize You know heavily influenced by, by You know Shaba ranks. That's what they used to call me. My name used to be Shaaba 'cause I always had the baritone. And I knew every single Shaaba song. So Did you feel insulted when they first started calling you Shaaba? Nah, it was, it was a compli. You Talking about 'cause of look, Look You Know what I mean?


Nah, nah, Nah, nah. You know. Remember when Marlon Williams did Mr. Ugly man Sha nah, you gotta respect our African bro. Absolutely. That's right. You know. You know melanin is popping, but You know we gotta respect the skinned guys. I'm with you, man. That's right. That's right. Yeah. Watch your mouth. But so, so yeah. So music was always a part of the, the household. My mom's loved music. You know we were poor You know, but we were determined people and You know how in the inner cities we celebrate everything You know. Saturday we just go to my aunt's house and music will be playing And I gotta thank my uncles. My Uncle Newton, he's in, he was in Charleston when I met you and You know.


So he was a big unicon music connoisseur. I remember I came to America in 88. My moms came here in like 83 and so 88, that was Big Daddy Kane Ain't No Half Stepping. That was Rakim. I ain't no joke. That was ll cool. J I'm bad. I actually Bad Boys comes from LL Cool J because You know. He, he was You know, like one of my idols. So yeah. So You know my life was filled with music. And I really took it seriously, really believed that I could do it. Like as I was getting ready to graduate high school, because I was more of a tough guy, You know on the block, holding the block down and You know rappers were kind of looked at them like they were corny.


Like, that's not something that you wanted to be. That was like we'd tell the guys, yeah, bus a Rap for us and, and entertain us. And so I wasn't in that mind space, but You know I'd be in class and just be writing raps. And it just became more and more of something that I thought I could do. And I had gotten shot when I was like 15 or 16 years old, like the year before I graduated high school. And I made a promise to my moms that I'd stopped going outside. You know I wouldn't be involved in anything. I'd just finished high school. And I. I went to New York Tech for like a semester before I dropped out and signed a deal with Bad Boy. And that's how the music thing really became my focus, because that's all I was doing.


I was in the house listening to music. That's when only built for Cuban Links came out and it was written and ready to die. And, and chronic and reasonable doubt and volume One and Hard Knock Life, all these great albums that You know molded and shaped You know my music career and molded and shaped me as a human being, right. Growing up at that time. But You know when I used to deliver messages right around here, all up and down these New York City streets as a messenger boy, that's when it really intensified You know. It was like, I guess a blessing from God. I almost died. I made a promise to my moms to straighten my life out.


And I. Guess that was kind of my blessing because every time I would You know, ride my bicycle back to Brooklyn, by the time I got down on the Brooklyn Bridge, You know raps would just come to me. And then I just developed this, this confidence. I think really after I got shot And I faced deaf, even though I had seen friends get killed, And I, I, I saw those things actually having it happen to me. There was nothing I was afraid of. So when I would see the street team, I'd see the Def Jam Street team or Loud Street team, I'd run them down literally You know, jump off my bike and, and start rapping. If I got into this, if I delivered a message here, I tried to sneak and see if I could see Charlemagne, the DJ Envy.


I remember going to Hot 97 doing the same thing You know and all the different radio stations just rapping. And, and that's how it happened. You know I ran up on my brother Austin, God bless him. We was at the barbershop that I usually get my hair cut And I Rap for my barber. You know if if you hot in the barber shop, you hot, Hot in your hood. Yeah. Because Yeah, the barbershop are are merciless. They are ruthless. Like they would literally take you out the chair and be like, yo, get up outta my chair Trash. Don't ever, don't ever come back to the barbershop rapping that nonsense. But the barbers loved me and that's how You know that also built my confidence. So there was this gentleman by the name of Austin leaving the barbershop and You know I just willed.


And that's, that's one of the good things about this documentary. It shows you how you can manifest You know your greatness manifest where you're going, will yourself into existence in whatever space you want to be. Because I ran up on Austin and it's a dangerous thing to do to people in Brooklyn to, to run, run up on somebody and be like you in the music industry. And I ran upon him. And I said You know, are you in the music industry? And he said, yeah, And I just started spitting for him. And he was like, wow, hold up. And he called Don Po who was managing Foxy Brown, who would manage BIG and my boy Manny. Manny Hilly's a big time movie producer in LA now South of Manny. But he was managing Nicki Minaj, future Keisha Cole.


And and that's how it all came together. You know they called Mark Pitts. And, and that was in like maybe August. I dropped outta New York Tech, got my first check from, from Don Pool. I thought $10,000 was like a million dollars. So that was my first check then. And why did you sign with with Bad Boy? 'cause at the time, You know every, every label wanted to sign you. Everybody offered you money. Def Jam Loud, bad Boy. I think they said even Rockefeller. They all offered you money, but you decided to go with Bad Boy. Which, which at the time could have been a little weird because you sounded like big a little bit. Yeah. And You know. People didn't know if that was your real voice or if that was a voice that was made up.


But yeah, A Puff was trying to replace big trying to find another big, Right. Yeah. I mean, You know. I was so hot that like nobody was thinking about that You know because I really went through it. So now this is August I got with, with Don Pooh and them. Now I didn't sign to Bad Boy until like February of, of 98. So 97 in August it started. But You know I had Rap for Puff. He was like, yeah, you nice You know, but I gotta teach you how to make hits. That was over the phone. Marcus Pit put me on the phone with him. You know I gave Jay-Z my tape. He threw it out the window. Is it true When you first made Jay asked him, did he have his gun on him? Yeah, I was, I was a wild boy. Like, why'd You have to?


We was at the, no, I mean that's, that's the mentality. Like You know we street guys and You know that's how confident I was that my music was incredible and that You know I was willing to risk my life. That's literally, but You used, used to walk around with two guns on you You know. I I, well that was that particular night I had gotten shot at. There was a shootout in front of Daddy's house, literally like 30 days before the club New York situation happened. And that was with Junior Mafia. And after that shootout, that's, that's when I started carrying, because once I got into the industry, I had kind of forgotten about that life. Because You know you in the industry. Like this is a, a fairytale, this is a fantasy.


But that was like a rude awakening You know with respect to, to the mafia and rock and a season. Everybody You know it's all love now. But would that shoot out because you sounded like Big You know that's not the way that it unfolded. 'cause we used to all be cool, but You know. I don't know exactly what drove it because there was a point where everything was good. Like we was on tour together. You know we used to hang out, but You know it went left. But You know we recovered that. 'cause You know when CS came to Rikers Island, I took care of him. You'll see all that in the documentary. He's in the documentary.


And it's been love ever since. When, when Rock, when D Rock went upstate, You know, made sure that You know my guys that were with him. Everything was good. Now all these stories are in the dock. Yeah. Okay. Now you was also telling us why you decided to go With Paul. Yeah. So, so it was, it was a couple months between getting with You know Don Pool. Manny and You know I went to Rap for, for Un I went to Rap You know. 'cause remember he just had a deal with Sony You know, like I said, I tried to Rap for, for HOV Clark Kent You know took me to Clarence Avon. The legendary, yes, the legendary when he was the head of Motown Universal.


But nothing was really sticking. So like I was having these meetings, I was rapping You know we was moving around, but You know nobody was presenting an actual deal to sign. And finally with the, the breaking point was December when Chris Lighty invited me to Def Jam, God bless his soul. And Chris Lighty put on, he said, I got this new producer Swiss Beats and he put on a Swiss Beats tape. This is back in the days where You know you had the cassette Tape. Yep. Yeah. And I rapped over that. And and he went crazy. So that's what I'm saying, like nobody was talking about anything other than how nice I was at that time.


Like everybody thought I was nice. Nobody was like, oh, You know you sound like whatever big. Right? Everybody was just like, yo, this kid is incredible. So he took me into Leo's office immediately and Lyor was You know an Israeli voice. You're not leaving here until you sign the deal. And that's when it just went like Wildfire. Diddy flew me out to Los Angeles. I think it was like the Soul Train award. It was him and J-Lo at the, the record plant. He was, he was recording something came out, said, listen, we ain't even gotta go back and forth. If you wanna sign to me, let's do the deal right now.


So he had a, a party at his Mulholland Drive mansion and Russell Lyor Chris, everybody came to the party. And I was like, You know, I'm gonna just tell him. I'm gonna just go have a little meeting with them and let them know that You know just outta respect. And I never came back because I was always a businessman. And so while I appreciated the magnitude of the, the celebrity and the power and You know Puff was the greatest Hitmaker at the time, there was nothing even close to him. This is before Def Jam reemerged with, with with HOV Hard Knock Life and DMX You know they was cold at the time and Puff was the hottest thing on Planet Earth.


But You know the numbers that they were talking You know was crazy unprecedented. The numbers that Def Jam was talking. So I was like, man, You know as a business, they was giving me everything. Like I was just making up stuff. You know. I would just just test it because obviously being with Puff is, is what I thought was the best thing. But it was too the, the numbers they were talking that the ownership, the publishing, everything, whatever I wanted, they were prepared to give me Jimmy Iovine, everybody. And so we flew back to New York. And I went to the St. Regis hotel waiting for the deal to close. And I woke up one day, And I was like, You know what I, I called Mark Pitts And.


I was like, let's do the deal with Diddy. And the reason I did a deal with Diddy, I never figured forget. I had a meeting with Jimmy Ivy and, and he said, listen, You know, come to me if you want to be your own boss. You know I want self-contained people. I want you to have your own death row, your own aftermath. You know, I I don't wanna micromanage you, but I knew I wasn't ready for that You know. Yeah, I was a young kid. I had a lot of confidence, I had a lot of skills, right. But I wasn't self-contained You know. I wouldn't even know how to put the infrastructure together to run a company at that time. So for me it was about getting the blueprint, getting the manual, getting the key to unlock the holy Grail from someone who had it.


And at that time, Diddy was You know Irrefutably. You know. Do you regret that? No. No. Absolutely not. Because the things that I learned from Diddy as far as You know, being a great performer, being a great musician also transferred into everything else that I do in life. Transferred into my resilience, transferred into my confidence into manifesting You know my destiny into manifesting my way out of You know challenges and struggles into being an entrepreneur. Right into being You know. So diverse with the way you look at yourself, understanding that you could be at any table.


And that You know there are no boxes for us, especially as Hip Hop You know. So despite what he's going through and despite what You know he has done to me in the past, You know. Because those things only come up now because when you're telling them a story, you, you gotta tell everything. Well, well, I mean it's always come up in your past because we've seen that You know. And then So you signed with Diddy. Yeah. You sound like Biggie. I sound like me. You Sound like you. People think that. You sound like, and Because I Rap how I sound. Right. The love that you thought you were gonna get. I don't think you first received, because at first it was like, is he trying to sound like Biggie? Is he doing that with his voice?


And I remember? Yeah. You know. It was funny. I You know talking to Bad Boy people, they were like You know it was hard at first with DJs because it was like, ah, he sounds like Biggie. But they said outta any bad boy artist that ever was signed to Bad Boy, you was the only one that would be there before the people that worked at the label and would leave after you would get on the phone call, call every DJ you would go to every club. You would talk to every programmer. Yeah. Like you had everything it took to be


Amazon's Black Friday week starts November 21st with new deals added every day. Save on home goods to deck their halls toys to stuff their socket and fashion like slippers to missile their toes. Woo. Shop Break Deals on Amazon.


The holidays are just around the corner. And if you anything like me, that means you'll be hosting all your family and friends, whether it's making holiday cookies or getting your space ready for guests. The Home Depot has furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials at 40% off like the KitchenAid Artisan Sirius stand mixer. Not only does it look sharp on your kitchen counter, but it also got 10 speeds. A tilt back head for easy ingredient mixing. And a five quart bowl that can whip up. Ready for this nine dozen cookies in one go. Enough for your entire family, friends, neighbors. Oh, and the big guy too. The KitchenAid Artisan Series stand mixer comes with dough hooks, a wire whip, and a flat beater. So it can do a lot of really cool things. The holidays are happening at Home Depot, which means right now you can save up to 40% off select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials. So go to Home depot.com to shop now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play in a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-Wheel Drive, the Kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


What does it feel like to get the new iPhone 16 pro with at t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first pick up those tongs and you're now the one running the grill, it's indescribable like something you've never felt before. All the mouthwatering anticipation of new possibilities, whether it's making a perfect cheeseburger or treating your family to a grill baked potato, which You know will forever change the way you look at potatoes with at t. Next up, anytime you can feel this way again and again, learn how to get the new iPhone 16 pro with Apple Intelligence on at t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime at t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming fall 2024 with Siri and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone four details.


It's almost here. The next Black Friday sale. The biggest sale of the year starts this thursday@knix.com. Don't miss your chance to save up to 60% on innovative intimates like Leakproof underwear, wireless brass, shapewear, and more. Everything will be on sale. Millions have made the switch to N'S revolutionary period underwear and there's never been a better time for you to try them too. During the Black Friday sale, save up to 60% on super comfy machine washable and stylish leak proof IES plus shop the best deals of the year on N's bestselling assortment of wireless bras, including the Wing woman and Revolution bra. So mark your calendar for this Thursday and head to k nicks.com. That's KNI x.com. For the K Nick's early Black Friday sale, save up to 60% off everything, including leak proof, fundies, wireless bras, activewear, shapewear and more. It only happens once a year@knix.com. Don't miss this.


A super duper star. Yeah. Sounding like yourself. Which You know people say sounding like big. Was that good? Was that bad? Was it bonus? Was it difficult? How was it getting into the industry like that? Well, remember I didn't come into the industry like that. I came into the industry with everybody wanting to sign me thinking that I was, that I was nice. I think the entire comparisons came about because I wasn't putting out music that met the benchmark of greatness and excellence. And the reason I wasn't doing that is because I was a 18-year-old kid who just got a million dollars You know.


So I went from You know, sleeping on my mom's couch. I literally never had my own room as a kid. That's how poor we were. My mom's never my grandmother and my aunt as most immigrant people from the Caribbean do initially. And we was never able to get out of that You know. So going from You know, literally your couch, the living room is your bedroom. I never had money to go to school. I never had much to getting a million dollars. I spent like the entire 98 just running around. That's how I got the name Poe. I was actually dating a a a woman. She was a music executive. We used to date Alpo. And so You know she was the one that called me Alpo because You know.


She thought I looked like him. And You know I was wild. Like I used to You know do the same thing, like pull up in the 600, just hop out, just leave it in in, in the middle of the street. Like I was a wild boy. And I was living You. know this fantasy of a young You know inner city youth with a million dollars in the entertainment world. You know with my future in front of me that seemed You know unlimited in its potential, but I lost focus. So when music did come out, it wasn't sounding the way that it was supposed to sound. I, I keep it You know as young people say, a thou wow with you. That sounded like trash initially. So, so when that came out, obviously the people that I didn't sign to, they wasn't happy that I didn't sign to them.


And and You know that's when Diddy started to decline as well. 'cause he was so hot. And when you, when you peak, you gotta come down. And his peak was like You know unparalleled. And then he started to decline. So a lot of the shots. And then that's when Hard Knock Life came out. That's when You know X came out. And it was the total contrast of what Bad Boy was doing it no more shiny suits. Yeah. So when, yeah, I'll never forget when You know a Get At Me dog came out. That was it. That was it. That was, that was it for Bad Boy. Like You know, if you remember like that was it. The whole, the whole dynamic of of the music industry totally transformed into raw and gritty.


So a lot of the criticisms were a result of that paradigm shift and a result of my lack of focus. You know. So I was running around driving the 600, driving the road Platinum Rollie Platinum ap and, and living this life. But I wasn't putting in the work. I I wasn't disciplined. I wasn't focused. And so the, the, the music that would get leaked sounded like trash. Gotcha. And so people were like, You know. Oh, come on You know it's trash. So the so The rumor that you were forced to sign with Bad Boy wasn't true. That was on your decision. Oh, I tell you, I was in St. Regis Hotel. Gotcha. Listen, I was, everybody wanted to sign me. I left Puff's mansion, Def Jam put me in a Peninsula Hotel.


And I was there. We got on the plane, flew back in the St. Regis for a couple weeks waiting for the deal as Simon or going to John McNally You know, like every week to whatever I wanted You know, tens of thousands of dollars every week waiting to sign the deal. So yeah, I I again, Kobe couldn't come into the league. Kobe was on the bench when he came into the league. Right. People don't talk about that. And Kobe had Phil Jackson You know. And that's how Kobe became Kobe. So for me, I wasn't ready to be You know a a coach player.


And something instinctively in me told me that I wouldn't have gotten that tutelage at Def Jam in, in my opinion. And, and again say what you want about Puff, but the things that he's accomplished in, in music and entertainment space and in his entrepreneurship, You know it, it it'll be, it'll live forever. Right. Right. And so to get that information from the source itself. And, and interestingly enough, even though that's why I came, ego got the best of me when I, when I got that million dollars. 'cause I thought I was puff. So, so I'm telling you, I, there's, there's stories. I can't say who, but there's stories like of of his like main girl that You know I was dealing with.


'cause I thought You know I was that guy. You know. I I really thought it was about me at the time. Yeah. In 98. Like I got on that J-Lo I got on You was dating. No, no, not her. I'm just saying. Okay. Okay. I can't say who. Alright. Got got but not her. Gotcha. But at the time, I got on in 98 and instead of getting in the studio and, and getting the information, I was living the life. And so that caused a strain between him. And, I. 'cause he was like, like, who does this kid think he is? And there's even situations like with, with Mace, may Mace was dating a girl. You know. And And I started dating a girl.


And that caused like a big thing. We, we had to have like a family meeting. It was like, yo, what are you doing? You know you like Kobe coming to the Lakers and You know you want to go after Shaq's joint. Like you can't do that. And that's what I was on for 98. I wasn't focused. And it wasn't until 99 after that same girl, this is the, the girl that was also seeing Mace, she's You know she's selling millions of records. She had like the biggest record that year and Brandy. And she said, she said, she's not Well now You know. Now You know. Listen The documentary, send a documentary. Okay. Okay. Send a documentary call. Kent says, who it is, God, Mr. Soul, And I.


We had an argument. And she said, yo, you're nobody. She said that to you. Yes. Yeah. You're nobody. You ain't sell one record. You think you styling, you think you are that you're nothing. You haven't sold a record. And that hit me like the hand of God, just You know, slapped me back into reality because she was, she was telling the truth. Like what? I wasn't there to date. You know RB Divas and Pop Divas and You know Look Fly. I was there to make hip records. And I wasn't doing that. And that shook me up. And I was like, yo, where Puff at? All right.


You know I carry your bags. Focus You know what, let's, let's get in the studio. And that's what we did. So the entire 99 You know, I I was in the gym, I was in the studio. And that's how we made Bad Boy. 'cause we were, we were in the Hamptons, The song Bad Boy Guys, the song Bad Boy. Yeah, Bad Boy, bad Boy. The song. We, we, we were in the Hamptons and he gave me the EZLP beat And boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. And he's like, yo, if you could kill this, you gone. And he's like, who, who's the guy that that goes ship?


Whoa. And I'm like, Barrington Levy. He's like, yeah, we gonna put him on there. Write the second ver the second verse is Puff's verse M's dragging on the floor. 'cause You know he's the the mink guy, the fur guy. And yeah. So, so I have no regrets about signing to Bad boy. I got everything that I came for. Didn't expect that I'd get a 10 year sentence out of it. But It feels like back then, at least to me anyway, if listening to you talk, it felt like it was more important to prove how screech you were like walking up on Jay and asking Jay why you still got your gun getting in the shootouts with Junior Mafia. Yeah. I don't know. It didn't feel like you were, anybody was focused on Rap back then.


It was by like, who can be the toughest? Well, I'm not sure if it was a competition to be tough or it was a, a lack of the ability to transition. You can't just go from being on the street, getting your getting shot at getting shot, watching your friends die to, to just this 360 adjustment You know the, the, the healthy, stable human being I am now. It took me 46 years to get here. You know, going from a, a young kid, You know, fighting for Survival. That's all You know. So You know, that's just a mindset that you had. So like You know, when I met Jay, I was literally, I, the year before that, I almost got killed.


So that's just the state of mind. You know, know whatever happened at the studio, that's just the state of mind. Like You know you. It's very difficult to transition out of that state of mind. So for me, it was never a competition. I wanted to get away from that. I didn't want to go back to that. So Why'd you care if he had his gun on him? Like, I, I'm really stuck on that. Like, why did you care? It was a, it was a figurative thing more than a literal thing. Got you. Got you got. But that's how, but actually that's how we used to do it back then. Like guys in the music were real, like Jay's was a real like kingpin. Like he was a real streak You know hustler. So he might have had his, his weapon on him.


Like that was a reality. Not, not everybody was making up their raps. There were some guys that actually lived that. And so it wasn't what you were trying to be. That's what you were like when I first, when I first moved You know to, there was an apartment that Diddy was living on Park Avenue. He had an apartment on, on 36th Street. And. I was at that apartment. You know I had a shotgun in the apartment with me because that's, that's where I came from. You know, like these raps are not just things that people may cover. I You know I almost got killed. Now I'm getting, I just got a million dollars. You know, maybe You know the people that tried to kill me in Brooklyn, You know, might try to find where I'm at.


And, and yeah, 46-year-old shine. Of course. Now you say in hindsight, why would you do that? Why would you jeopardize You know your career, why it's difficult to make the transition? I Get it. I I always wondered too, why was it so hard for you to get your flow back after you got outta prison? I th I think I explored in the dock a little bit too. Yeah. I, I I think You know I came out with the wrong energy. You know, I came out, I was attacking Rick Ross, I was attacking 50, I was attacking Drake and understandable. No, but I'm telling you, I think that was again, another slap from the hand of God. 'cause it's like you just did 10 joints and the energy you're coming with is dangerous.


Right? That's not the energy that you're supposed to be putting out there in the universe. Again, lack of focus, similar to when I first did the deal, just the lack of focus. And so I, I believe You know that was the most Hi. Just saying, come on man. You ain't learned nothing. Like let me, let me put you on pause for a minute so that you could figure it out. 'cause the, the direction you're going, nah, that's not what we, that's not what we sat up for 10 years for. So I, I think that was a, a colossal mistake to come out and focus on other people, which is one of the greatest thing that I've been able to do, is to focus on myself and, and take responsibility for the things that I've done, take accountability for my life and where I want to go.


But I, I think that's what's hap that's what, 'cause I got it back, but now I'm not interested in, in, in, in rapping. But You know, I use my voice now for the people to believe in the House of Representatives. Because when I'm writing my speeches, it's similar to writing my rhymes. And the same way my rhymes were based on what I actually experienced, what I actually lived and saw. It's the same thing I do in the House of Representatives. And. I, go And I meet people. I sit in their homes, I eat food out of their pots, And I, listen to the things that are impacting them. And when I go in the house, that's what I talk about. I'm not just attacking the government to attack them. I'm actually reporting live from the streets of Mesopotamia and other parts of Belize.


I always wanted to know when, when you did come out, now You know it was always said that Puff himself didn't get on the stand and snitch, but witnesses he put on the stand, cleared him and pointed at you. Absolutely not, not that they didn't just clear him. They lied because even today, I'm still not saying anything to get him in trouble. Right. You said you didn't see the shooting right. You didn't see the gun. Right. But, but the, the victim says Puff shot her. So my thing is And, I'm still saying here and now, and I've said in interviews, if he did shoot her, he was defending himself. It wasn't intentional because people were trying to kill us that night.


Now the person that, that's a fact that y'all alleged got into the argument with, they were saying that the issue was with you and him, maybe you were signed to him before order money. That was the story. Listen, I don't know what type of drugs flex is on or, or what type of mental breakdown he's having, but that is absolutely untrue. This is the first time you've ever heard anybody say such ridiculous, outrageous statements. So, so Nas is lying when Nas said You know don don't like the way Diddy did shine with different lawyers. Everybody's lying on, on Diddy now. Like, come on the, the first double XL cover death before this honor.


Everything that I'm saying now, I've been saying, it doesn't mean that I didn't forgive Diddy and move on. But when Little Rod You know puts a, a suit out saying that Diddy is bragging about shooting up the club and, and making Sean take the Rap, that that changes things. Right? And then you're looking at it like, okay, well You know is is, is he just saying that then the guy that little Rod said was carrying the drugs for Diddy on on the planes, they get them at the hangar and the guy got the drugs on the plane and gets arrested by the feds. So then you're like, okay, well if he wasn't lying about that, then You know.


Maybe he is telling the truth. How Do you forgive that though? Sitting 10 years in the box, knowing You know that Diddy's whole thing with Bad Boy and all the artists will say that is it was all about family, right? Yeah. That's what it was sold on. It was family. We all a family. We all together, we all listen in this together. But when it hit the fan, it was no family. It was every man for themselves. Absolutely. You get out and you forgive him and You know, no, I didn't forgive him right away. I I if I, if you notice when I got out, I was attacking him too. It was one of the most erroneous strategic moves that I made. 'cause I was fighting with Diddy. I was fighting with 50, I was fighting with Drake, I was fighting with Rick Ross.


Like I was literally, I was like, Samson You know, pushing the pillars to collapse on me. So there wasn't an instant forgiveness. I got out in 2009. We didn't, there wasn't an attempt at reconciliation until 2012 when I went to to Paris to meet him. And, and that was the first attempt at forgiveness. But I was still in a place of, he owes me, he owes me his life. He owes me, he's a billionaire. If it wasn't for me, he wouldn't have been a billionaire. If I would've cooperated with the district attorney, he'd have went to jail and heaven knows what would've happened to his career. Right. So You know that's worth at least a couple million dollars I out of the billion that you're worth.


And interestingly enough, You know, one of the things that Cassie alleges in her lawsuit is that when You know he would assault her, then he would You know take on shopping sprees. And so I saw that in Paris. He spent like a half a million dollars, like in one day shopping for her. And then You know after I left, she was around back then. That's 2012. Oh, 2012. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. 2012. That's what I'm saying. That was the first attempt at reconciliation. I got out, got, I got out in 2009 and then took a couple years before I said, You know we reach out. I was actually living in Israel at the time and, but I felt he owed me something.


And so it's like You know, he, he probably gave me like 50 racks and I'm like, You know you can't be serious like you. That's 10 years, 50 racks. Like, oh Man. So that whole 10 years you were in jail, he didn't reach out to you at all? He he came to see me once. And I think I, I tried to spit in his face. Okay. In, in Rikers Island. So You know that's Probably why he didn't come back. Yeah. I, I didn't want, I didn't want him to come back. I didn't even want him to come see me. I didn't even know he was coming to see me. They just brought me down in the lawyer's office and, and You know. So you did an angry bit. I was, I I I really You know my life was destroyed. Devastated And I was figuring out how to continue living Buried alive and And I didn't want anything to do with him.


And yeah, there was a lot of hurt and a lot of pain in that. But I wasn't just sitting there. I'm angry. I sat there, I got into my spirituality, got into my Judaism You know I did the deal with Def Jam, You know, couple 3 million, couple million dollars put out Godfather Buried a live album. Album I love and You know continued living every day to get out. But yeah, You know I got a que if you were, because they always said that you and the the brother Scar, God bless the dead, they said y'all were cool before you even met Diddy. So true. Exactly. So why didn't you side with him that night?


Like, Well, no, but I, it doesn't work like that. You know doesn't work like that. Like literally it was Scar Nino, the whole crew. A Brooklyn kids From St. John's, Washington Avenue. Yeah. But I know, I know, I know You know, I know those guys and everything was all good. Like we embraced everything was good. But, but You know Diddy's my boss, like Diddy's You know, he's, we remember 99, we spent the entire 99 making this record. It's about to happen, about to shoot the Bad Boys video like You know. And we, we developed that Bond You know making the record, and I'm not going to leave it aside And, I be like, oh man, You know you on your own, not gonna do that.


Well, puff was able to get Scar to help his case, but not yours. And now Scar, I I don't scar some Somebody put him out, but I don't Yeah. Scar's not here if he died of gun violence. Yeah. Yeah. I don't, I don't remember, I don't think Scar helped the case. If I remember, I think Scar hurt the case who helped Diddy and hurt me was Cherice Myers. And again, if you go back to to my interviews, I said all this, I've been saying all this, it's just the power of Diddy, the power of his celebrity, his his iconic status was just so loud and so nobody cared to listen. It was like, yo You know you the mad rapper, You know whatever.


I got business going on with him. But again, NAS wasn't lying when he said, I don't like the way Diddy did Sean with different lawyers. He was telling the truth. Yeah. Have you ever thought about suing any of the lawyers? I thought about suing Diddy You know, but I, like I said, I'm focused on Belize. I'm focused on becoming the next Prime Minister of Belize. And I'm really, again, I can't come up here and not talk about my life in totality. Absolutely. I got to, I mean that, that's actually the beautiful redemption archive. Absolutely. Yeah. Because I think about everything. I think about you saying that you almost got killed back in the day.


I think about, I heard about a, a, a car accident that that that you was in. Yes. Yes. Where one of your people Yeah. Passed away got paralyzed and one got one got killed. Yeah. Yeah. So I just, and then I think about that, that happened like a couple weeks before the shooting, right? No, no, no, no. That happened. That happened in 98. 98. Okay. Okay. Yeah. That happened as soon as I got my deal, I got the 600. Wow. Yeah. And You know the road was slippery. We were actually on the way to to party. And I, I was, 'cause I still go on the block. I'm going on the block after this. I always go see my cousin Ron through You know. It's like I was one of my childhood heroes on 18th and church. And so You know I would always come on the block and take everybody to go party and get right.


And yeah. So it's, so it's been a lot of tragedy. You broke your Arm in that situation too, Right? Yeah, I I got scar right here. But yeah, there's been a lot of tragedy. But there's also been triumph. There's also been the ability to be resilient and You know, you can't tell the story of, of triumph. You can't tell the Prime Minister story. Can't tell any of those great things without the obstacles, without talking about the obstacles. You know. But I, I lo lost my train of thought with the, when you asked whether Scar helped And, I was telling about Cherise Myers. So Cherise Meyers was a, was a security guard. And I, begged Puff not to call her as a witness. Because as I'm saying now, all these years later, despite Puff being in federal custody, I'm still not saying that he did anything right, wrong.


I'm saying even if he did shoot, he was defending himself because we were all defending ourselves. So why would it have been so difficult for him to call witnesses that were saying the same thing? Because that's the truth. I wasn't in there being belligerent and, and acting in a depraved one because that's what I got convicted of. Assault and the for depraved. And, and that was due to him. That was the most damaging witness. And we begged him, Wolf begged him, all of us begged him, yo, please don't call this witness, this witness is gonna bury me. And he, he called, he called the witness. Why, Why wouldn't he listen to everybody? Like why did He, because he wanted to say himself, himself, himself. The strategy is somebody gotta go to jail and it ain't gonna be Diddy.


So he gotta be shy. And, and, and the, the, the plea agreement that the DA was given, because the DA wanted me to testify against Diddy. And he called me in for what they call as a proffer. So when the proffer, they wanted me to come in there and be like, yo, he had the gun. He passed me the gun. He started shooting. It was, it was him. And I refused to do that. And so the DA was like, okay, I'll give you a plea deal for 13 years. So, so yeah. So that's what happened. Have You ever spoken to the woman who was shot in the face? Natanya Rubin? Because she's been speaking up recently. No, I haven't spoken to her. You know. I, I apologize.


And I regret. I think I did a Was it Kojack? What's what's the name of the brother? Is it Reggie? O He used Combat Jack. Combat Combat Jack. Combat Jack Rest. Peace. Peace Combat Jack. Yeah. Rest in Peace. I had done a, I had done an interview with him. And I had extended You know Sorrow that she got hurt. And, and And I said it in interviews that I've done over the last couple of days when they asked, do I have any regrets? I don't regret defending myself, but I, I regret that people were hurt. And so I said that as far as You know, she's concerned. She said it was Diddy. Yeah, she said Diddy shot her. Yeah. And, but we don't know because the bullet fragments were never extracted from any of the victims.


But definitely there were three guns fired mine and two other guns. And You know, she, she said what she said, actually immediately to the Doctor You know, she said, I just got shot by Diddy. But then when she got on the stand, she was trying to blame the both of us without blaming the both of us. And now she maintains that it was Diddy. It was Diddy. You think she got paid off? You know, I can't speculate. I, I don't, I don't know. I don't know what happened. I just know that You know it was tragic.


Amazon's black Friday week starts November 21st with new deals added every day. Save on home goods to deck their halls toys to stuff their socket and fashion like slippers to missile their toes. Woo. Shop great deals on Amazon.


The holidays are just around the corner. And if you anything like me, that means you'll be hosting all your family and friends, whether it's making holiday cookies or getting your space ready for guests. The Home Depot has furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials at 40% off like the KitchenAid Artisan Sirius stand mixer. Not only does it look sharp on your kitchen counter, but it also got 10 speeds. A tilt back head for easy ingredient mixing and a five quart bowl that can whip up. Ready for this nine dozen cookies in one go. Enough for your entire family, friends, neighbors. Oh, and the big guy too. The KitchenAid Artisan series stand mixer comes with dough hooks, a wire whip, and a flat beater. So it can do a lot of really cool things. The holidays are happening at Home Depot, which means right now you can save up to 40% off select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials. So go to home depot.com to shop now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new Performance and safety features like intelligent all-Wheel Drive. The Kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


It's almost here. The Nicks Black Friday sale. The biggest sale of the year starts this thursday@kix.com. Don't miss your chance to save up to 60% on innovative intimates like leakproof underwear, wireless brass, shapewear, and more. Everything will be on sale. Millions have made the switch to N'S revolutionary period underwear, and there's never been a better time for you to try them too. During the Black Friday sale, save up to 60% on super comfy machine washable and stylish leakproof undies. Plus shop the best deals of the year on N's bestselling assortment of wireless bras, including the Wing woman and Revolution bra. So mark your calendar for this Thursday and head to nick.com. That's KNI x.com. For the K Nick's early Black Friday sale, save up to 60% off everything, including leakproof, fundee, wireless, brass, activewear, shapewear and more. It only happens once a year@kix.com. Don't miss this.


How do you feel when you switch to Geico and save on your car insurance? It's like going to work on one Thursday morning and thinking to yourself just one more day until Friday. But then somebody in the elevator says, happy Friday. Then you check your phone quickly and discover Today is actually Friday. So yes, happy Friday. Random stranger in the elevator. Happy Friday. Yay indeed. Yep. Switching and saving with Geico feels just like that. Get more with Geico.


But You know, like I said, we pivot, we move forward. And that's what I did in the second reconciliation with Diddy when we reconciled again in like 2020 or 2019. And so that forgiveness was a different forgiveness because I was at a different space. That's when You performed? No, I performed in 2022. But I'm just telling you how we got to that because there's a gap from 2012 to 2020. But before, before we get to That, have you, have you and J-Lo ever had a convo about that night? Yeah. Never. Okay. Why? Yeah. I have never seen her since. Okay. Since that night. But the second forgiveness, that was a forgiveness of power and strength for my part because that forgiveness came with no price tag.


That that was a strategic forgiveness. And I'm about to be You know, an elected official. I wasn't close to being the Prime Minister then, but I was going to House of Representatives and my mind was just in a different space. And so everything was just You know, no baggage, nothing that would You know, keep me from soaring to the heights that I wanted to soar. And I already understood who he was, and it was like, You know what? It's just clean with everybody. And even if you saw different interviews that I've done, whether it be Rick Ross or or 50, all the people that I've ever attacked You know, I've expressed contrition for that.


I was just in a different space and getting in that space of wanting to help Belize You know, I I don't wanna fight with anybody because I'm fighting for Belize. So this is not about me anymore. This is not about any grievances that I have with anyone. It's like even with your elections, I congratulated President-elect Trump And I congratulated Vice President Harris. 'cause it's about beliefs. I'm not a Republican. I'm not a not a Democrat. And that's how that forgiveness came about, because I knew I would never get anything from him, but it wasn't about getting anything from him. And then when he came and he asked me to perform at the Lifetime Achievement, BET Awards, You know, to me that was a moment of power.


'cause now he was begging me to do something because I didn't want to perform. I'm not a rapper. Right? I was, I was, I I was insulted to be honest, because I'm, I'm an elected official and I'm on my way to try to be the Prime Minister of Belize. And it's, it's confusing to my electorate because You know they want a serious person that's dealing with serious policies that are gonna solve the problems in their lives. They're thinking about You know the GDP, they're thinking about poverty alleviation housing is a human rights citizen security, food security, You know that's what they're thinking about. And they don't want a guy on stage You know performing. They want a Prime Minister that's gonna come and give them hope.


And I was very uneasy about that, but he was like, no, You know. You gotta do it for the legacy, and you gotta do it for Belize. You know this is gonna be a great opportunity to promote Belize. And that's when he got me And. I was like, all right, well, You know the flag gotta come down when I'm performing and everything gotta be Belize and And I have no regrets about that because it worked. It's the biggest flag ever on stage, the first time that's ever happened for Belize. And he You know he was chanting Belize And I changed up the first verse, You know, to, to say Belize Belize. And so that was great for Belize. And. I got nothing for that other than promoting Belize. So that wasn't about him. That was, that wasn't even about me.


That wasn't about Belize. But if it wasn't about me, it was a moment of power. There. There was a Rumor, rumor that 'cause he needed me, There was a rumor that he, he paid you to perform that night. Absolutely not. Not a dollar. Mm. Nothing. Because I think there was a rumor that he, he paid you and there was a rumor that he paid Mace and Mason didn't show up. But that, that was the, the rumor that nah, he paid I think a hundred thousand dollars. That that's what that What they would saying. I could've used that towards my, my campaign. Have you really moved on from the Diddy situation? Because I, I saw you say on Tamara Hall that You know you healed from it, but then you also say he destroyed your life. And it feels like after he went to prison, you started kicking his back in. I guess it feels like that, but we just went through a, Well, not prison, but jail. No, We, we, but we just went through a chronology of all the things that I'm saying now.


I've been saying number one, number two, you can't delete the little Rod lawsuit and those accusations of him bragging about shooting up the club and making me go to jail. So, so, so after you perform with him, once you hear those rumors, of course, it, it, it triggers, triggers you, of course. Okay. Okay. Okay. You Gotta do the chronology. It's not happening in the orbit of chaos. Right. You gotta do that. That's legit. That he made those accusations. Then the guy gets caught with the fanny pack at Teterboro, wherever they were. And so that makes you say, okay, well, what else is Little Rod who produced the Love album?


What else is he telling the truth about? So that makes you look at him crazy. Then the video comes out with Cassie. So then another lies is exposed. So, And there's only a few people who know the truth about that night. Yeah. Right? So if You know the truth, and then you hear Rod say something like that, you like, oh, word. Exactly. You out here bragging about this. Exactly. Okay, man, I get it. Exactly. I get it. But, but even, even, even still, I sit here what I've said in all my interviews, but that doesn't make the headlines when they ask, how do you feel? I would not wish Incarceration on my worst enemy. I take no joy and no satisfaction in what is happening to Diddy.


And I, pray for the victims, especially Cassie, that they get closure and they heal. And I, pray for Diddy, that he's able to figure out why he is where he is. Because sometimes the same way, the hand of God slapped me a few times, the hand of God comes down on you. Mm. And And I reformed, I rehabilitated. So I'm not gonna condemn Diddy in perpetuity. It's time for him to find his rehabilitation and his reformation and learn the lesson that he needs to learn. And I, pray for him and wish him well. So nothing that I'm saying, I'm saying from a place of, of hurt and hate. I'm saying from a place of, of love and healing and moving on.


But the truth is the truth. You know when your brother does something wrong, you gotta tell him. Or you're not a good brother. You know. So he never, so he, he never apologized. He never said, yo man, thank you. Here's a bag. Something he never just said. None Of that You know. In in, in Paris. In Paris. You know in Paris. He did say we were at the Lamare. He was like, oh, You know. It was the lawyers You know. You know. I shouldn't have listened to the lawyers. Lawyers that turned me against you. You know my bad. But the bag never came. You know the 50 I, I wanted to give the 50 back You know I was insulted You know, I just seen you spend a half a million on Cassie in a day.


It's like, man, You know I did 10 years a Ticket. A ticket would've been You know. Yeah, You know. That would've been a starting point because They offered you a deal. Right? They offered you a deal if you snitched on Diddy, Absolutely. I Would've walked. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I would've walked. Yeah. You know. I wanted to know. In, in 99, of course, with everything going on with Diddy, now people would say you were with him for that whole year. Tight. Right? Yeah. Was there anything that you seen that looked a little crazy? He wanted know if he was in the freak off? I asked, but it wasn't called Freak off back then. Then You know you see the Baby Oil. That's what he wanted. Nah, ab absolutely not. Absolutely not strictly focused on making music and yeah. Nah, I didn't see any of that. And None of the violence that people are saying that, that are coming up in all these things. Nah, I didn't see any of that.


I wanted to ask also, when Usher came out with Confessions. Yeah. And you did the remix. Yeah. Break that down, how that call came and how y'all did that, because that was something that we haven't seen or heard before back then. Yeah. So it was, it was so divine how that happened. You know, and if you listen to the raps, I say, excuse me, I say You know, sitting in my cell had about the bursts. Would I be alive if I didn't shoot first? And I was literally You know In, in Incarceration all you have is your music. Your music and your tv. That's life.


Right? And your books, obviously You know You, you train your mind. So I had my Yamaha, you use your Yamaha piano as your, your speaker set. So, and then you, you plug in your Walkman and, and then you start to boom out. And so when all the new music would come out, You know I'd get the tapes. And so when Confessions came out, You know I got that. And the Confession song was my favorite song. I remember playing that song, You know over and over and over and over and over again. And I actually even came up with the lyrics to it without anybody reaching out to me. Then Mark Pitts and Jermaine Dupree reached out to me.


'cause I, I still had my phone, still had my same number. And I used to check my, my my messages. When I would go to the yard, And I, check my message. And I got a message from Jermaine Dupree. And I got a message from Mark Pitts that You know, I sh I should want you to get on this record. And I already knew the record. So it was easy work for me. And I already had started formulating lyrics. And I literally was in my cell. And I came up You know with those bars. And then I recorded it in the yard. Literally in the yard. And so You know in the Yard, You know, I, I got my guys. And so I always have people You know, watching whatever I'm doing, because You know Any Day could be your last day incarcerated.


And so, yeah, I remember being on the phone, You know Rapping, rapping that song. Yeah. So that was first Grammy. We got a Grammy for that out. Got a Grammy For that. Wow. I hated the music industry around that time. And the reason I hated the music industry around that time is I felt like they were rewarding the worst shit in our culture. Because 50 had just sold a bunch of records. And You know he got shot nine times. Yeah. And I felt like Def Jam was just giving you the deal because they were really looking for authentic gangsters. That's how I felt like they were looking for authentic street dudes who had, who had real street stories. And they were just rewarding people for that. You know, I I, I disagree for the most part.


Maybe there are some record companies that You know were just in it. You know for the sensationalism. But I, I go back to what I said, You know, when I was out on trial and the media kept asking me about You know my album and my lyrics, I said, You know hip hop is not responsible for violence in America. America is responsible for violence in America. So you can't blame 50, you can't blame Tupac. You can't blame Shine for living the life that we live. You have to blame a system.


Oh, I thought I hated the record industry. No, but what I'm saying, so the system creates the art that we project. And so You know, in a creative space, you have the right to express your art. And so don don't think it would be fair You know for the music industry to suppress anybody's art. There's a debate as to You know censorship and how far do you go? What's responsible, what's irresponsible? But 50 stories, 50 story. Absolutely. I I knew him before he got shot nine times. And he was always a, an artist. He was in daddy's house writing for, for Diddy writing for other people.


But You know, he told his story, right? He wasn't lying. And so, so should Sony say, oh no, You know we're not gonna sign, or no, he, he moved the, the aftermath. But should Jimmy Iovine should have said, no, we're not gonna sign him. So Jimmy Iovine say, no, we're not gonna pick up Death Row when Tom Warner drop Death row. I, I, I don't know You know it. It's, it's a, it's a conundrum because our art is a result of the society that has been created by the powers that be. And our art has also been a blessing from God for us to escape those harsh realities and do better. So if, it's one thing I can say though, for You know people coming up now is, is, is hopefully they learn from the mistakes that I've made, and they try to make that transition and turn that corner before it gets too late.


You know, you saw Young Thug You know, just get off You know. Thank God You know he, he got his freedom. You see, Lil Dirk You know, facing Life for that abatement to murder You know my, my prayer and my hope is for this new generation to learn from what I've been through and not have to face that 10 years of that life Right. Sentence and to turn the corner. But I, I'm very careful. Even today, You know, I still finance musicians and Belize always try to help them out. And, and that's their art. I can't You know, I can't tell a young musician in Belize who is selling drugs or You know who's a part of a gang or You know who resorts to violence as a means of survival. I can't tell him what to sing about.


Right. Who am I? Like he's singing about his life. Oh, I Agree with that. And I feel like 50 did have great music, I guess for you. It was like, I'm like, why is Def Jam giving him $3 million? Because I had great music too. The Sean album was a classic. That was a great album. But you had been in jail for A minute. No, I was in jail 2001, 2004. But here, here's why. Def Jam gave me the deal. For the same reason Dr. Dre was on the phone wanting to sign me. Why Jay-Z came to Rikers Island in the Maybach. Why Murder Inc. Like this is what I'm saying. There has to be something about Shine that no matter what I go through, people keep wanting to sign me. There has to be some extraordinary talent there because Murder Inc.


Nas, Irv Gotti, Ja Rule Ashanti, I was in the box on Rikers Island, literally all came up there to sign me. Suge Knight wanted to come and see me. Everybody wanted to sign me. D and y Shout out to Ruff Ryders. Everybody wanted to sign Shine when I was behind the wall. So it wasn't a matter, oh, he's locked up. Anybody could get locked up. It's a matter, he's nice. So it was a big war going on. He just, yeah, he put out, he put out a, a a great album because there were questions about Shine until that Bad Boy song dropped. And when that Bad Boy song dropped, the music industry shook.


Everybody was like, okay, alright. Yeah, this is serious. Then Bonnie and Sean, and then that's gangster. And then the entire album, You know the Neptune song with Pharrell You know people Going to Die. Like there's some serious records of commission. That's Fat Joe's favorite song. I I met Fat Joe at All Star Weekend and Pistol Pete and his whole crew. And they're like, yo, commission, that's my song. Like people grew to love Shine and, and, and the, the, the body of works spoke for itself. So whatever speculations, whatever misconceptions were had when people listened to the work of art and they saw the life and they saw the real situations that I was going through You know, all it did was give credibility to what I was saying.


But if what I was saying was trash, if it wasn't great, then it doesn't matter how tough you are. When did, when did you decide to give up Rap? 'cause I'm sure when you came home, or even recently, I'm sure people have tapped to you to say, Hey, I want you to give it on my record. I want to hear your voice on my record. How, how many artists have reached out to you in the last couple of years and how many times have you said no? I've said no several times. You know, respect to my, my guy, Buster Rhymes You know, he's, he was one of the difficult nos because when I came out, he was in Belize. He brought a, he brought a AP for me. Like, is is a welcome home gift. Wow. You know He's a real standup solid guy Buster.


Yep. And then he wanted me to do a record with him. And Nas And I was like, ah, You know not right now. Then he wanted me to do a, a song couple years later with a Belizean artist by the name of Prayer You know respect to him. He signed prayer, right? Yeah, yeah. He signed prayer. Yeah. And I was like, ah, You know. That's when I was in that was, I was already an elected of official. I was like, I can't do it. So yeah, there've been many people that have asked you Stupid for, or no, no, no, no. Like, not even at all. Not even charity events. Nothing at all. Well, I did the charity event in the UK with Diddy and, and gigs. And I did the Lifetime Achievement Award. You know, those were, those were legacy moments.


So like, sure if, if, if the Grammys You know says You know they want to give me a, a You know an award, or they want me to be You know things like that, that's legacy, that's You know. That's, those are things that You know once in a lifetime. So I do it for that. For the documentary, I was thinking about putting out an album similar to American Gangster, where it would be an album for the documentary, but it's so difficult being an elected official who's not just an elected official, but the leader of, of a mass party government and waiting that You know, I just can't find the space to get it done to do that.


Because again, you don't wanna put out a body of work that's subpar and that's below the standards that people Want. Has Diddy's team reached out to you since doing all these interviews? Just You know, because I mean, I'm, I'm sure. No, no. I I think his team put out A statement though. Yeah. What a statement say. I, I didn't see it. Let Me find, but there, there, we had a phone call when the, when I, because there's a, there's a, a, a journalist in Belize that You know is obsessed with, with linking me to Diddy. So that's why initially some of the sound bites that you heard on Shade Room, it wasn't me You know, throwing anybody under the bus.


It's just that I'm not gonna take the fall again. Because You know, this particular journalist in Belize was trying to say, You know, oh, Diddy's your guy, You know, or That's your friend and, and how do you think it's gonna affect your political career? And I'm like, hold on. But that's your past though. Exactly. No, I'm just, I'm telling you, it's crazy. Got you. So then that's where I'm like, but hold on. Why are you trying to pretend as if I wasn't incarcerated for 10 years and deported for 13 years? And You know, we went through all these different phases, like, why are you trying to link me with him? Yes, he agreed to give a donation and, and the Howard Scholarship for Belizean Youth. Why would I not want to take that? But don't try to You know, distort the reality.


Don't try to You know, recreate and rewrite history. This is someone who destroyed my life. That's when you hear that soundbite. It's not me wanting to talk about that. This, these are the first interviews that I'm doing since his tragedy befall him. And I could show you every media house reaching out to me over the last couple of months, but I refuse to do it. But now I have the documentary coming out, so I have to engage with the free press. He says, Mr. Combs categorically denies Mr. Barrow's allegations, including any suggestion that he, what you reaching for man. Gotta make sure what's wrong with you, man. Including any suggestion that he orchestrated Mr. Barrow to take the fall to sacrifice him by directing witnesses to testify against him.


Amazon's holiday deals are here so you can celebrate the season early with low prices on decor, electronics, and beauty. Perfect for stocking stuffers. And my stock is looking good. Shop holiday deals early on Amazon. Now


The holidays are just around the corner. And if you are anything like me, that means you'll be hosting all your family and friends, whether it's making holiday cookies or getting your space ready for guests. The Home Depot has furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials at 40% off like the KitchenAid Artisan sir stand mixer. Not only does it look sharp on your kitchen counter, but it also got 10 speeds. A tilt back head for easy ingredient mixing and a five quart bowl that can whip up. Ready for this nine dozen cookies in one go. Enough for your entire family, friends, neighbors. Oh, and the big guy too. The KitchenAid Artisan series stand mix that comes with dough hooks, a wire whip, and a flat beater. So it can do a lot of really cool things. The holidays are happening at Home Depot, which means right now you can save up to 40% off select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials. So go to Home depot.com to shop now.


The World is constantly changing. If's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple called Play in a panoramic moon. Moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like Intelligent All Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


It's almost here. The Knicks Black Friday sale. The biggest sale of the year starts this thursday@knix.com. Don't miss your chance to save up to 60% on innovative intimates like Leakproof underwear, wireless bras, shapewear, and more. Everything will be on sale. Millions have made the switch to N'S revolutionary period underwear, and there's never been a better time for you to try them too. During the Black Friday sale, save up to 60% on super comfy machine washable and stylish leakproof undies. Plus shop the best deals of the year on N's bestselling assortment of wireless bras, including the Wing woman and Revolution bra. So mark your calendar for this Thursday and head to nix.com. That's KNI x.com. For the K Nix early Black Friday sale, save up to 60% off everything, including leakproof, fundies, wireless, brass, activewear, shapewear, and more. It only happens once a year@knix.com. Don't miss this.


How do you feel when you switch to Geico and save on your car insurance? It's like going to work on one Thursday morning and thinking to yourself just one more day until Friday. But then somebody in the elevator says, happy Friday. Then you check your phone quickly and discover today's actually Friday. So yes, happy Friday. Random stranger in the elevator. Happy Fry. Yay indeed. Yep. Switching and saving with Geico feels just like that. Get more with Geico.


These claims are unequivocally false. He was acquitted of all charges in 99, and he appreciates the path that you're on and wishes you continued success. And it's unfortunate that you've chosen to revisit these allegations. Mr. Combs trust that responsible journalism will weigh both to establish legal outcomes and Mr. Combs positive, longstanding support for those he has worked with. Yeah. Listen, I I don't have to tell you what is obvious. Everybody and their beloved mothers knows what happened. That was the, that was just a fact. You know Nas not going to rhyme about it just to lie, which him and Nas became cool after the fact. But there were so many people that were hurt in hip hop that felt that he dim me dirty.


And, and it's just a matter of fact that I've been saying it and I'll continue to say it. Even if what happened to Diddy didn't happen, that would have to be in the documentary and it would've been You know a bit more. He did it. You know he blamed it on the lawyers. We forgave him, move on. But then when the little Rod thing comes out and he's bragging about shooting up the club and having me take the fall, I don't know who this guy is anymore. And then with all these other accusations come out that he's like, no, it's not true. Then we see the video, I listen, I I don't know who this guy is. Yeah, And I. I'm not, I'm not taking the fall again.


So don't put me You know next to him in that regard. This is the fact we're not gonna rewrite history and we're just telling the facts. I Just got a couple more questions because you got a whole documentary out. Explain all this stuff. But how can you be comfortable with people who You know assisted in your career, but they were still friends with Puff and they maintained a relationship with him knowing what happened that night and while you were incarcerated, fighting for your life. It, it was difficult. It was extremely difficult. But as I said, I got to a space where You know the currency, the capital that I was looking at is how relationships could benefit Belize.


So it was having to develop that emotional intelligence to think about the bigger picture and to understand that You know in the entertainment business who's really friends, who really loves you, they don't even love Puff. They're really not even his friend. I don don't know. So You know. And then I moved on. Like I said, I'm not the one, I'm not Little Rod. He's the one that put the, the, the the suit out there. You know Cassie's the one that put the, I'm not the one that brought these things back to life to, to back to life. You wanted to though. Absolutely not. I thought you said you wanted the su puff. No, no, no. I'm saying when, when all these lawsuits came out.


Gotcha. I thought about, well, listen, You know if they, if if he owes them 30 million, then I, I should get a hundred mil outta that, outta that billion dollars. But what I'm saying is I was content with the way it was living my life in Belize, accomplishing the great things that I'm accomplishing and just moving forward with trying to become the next Prime Minister of Belize and using all my relationships in the entertainment business to promote and market Belize. And so that's what it was about. It wasn't about, oh, yo, you were friends with Diddy while I was locked up. You know I can't be your friend. Listen, we're not here for that. You got love for me. Come visit Belize. Buy a condo, You know, build a beachfront resort.


You know. Come do a show there. Come talk to the kids. You know, give some laptops that, that's how I treated those relationships. Now, I, in, in 2020, during Covid Belize Press released a, a a, I guess a a incident or an article that you got into a, a, a argument with your wife that was later, I guess dropped. What happened with that Incident? It was withdrawn. Hmm. It was withdrawn. Yeah. What, what happened with that, that incident and why was it so big and And I wanna know what's worse? Politics or the Rap game? Because they seem like they both in your life like crazy. Yeah, both. I think both. I'd say politics for me because I'm doing politics to help people and helping people that come from where you come from.


There's nothing like it. You know I was making music for The World Yep. As a young musician. But to be in my country, I, I You know the, the gains from politics to me are greater than the gains from music. But you could argue if you make music and you're touching people's lives and You know you're inspiring people, there's a gain there too. Right. But, but I guess I, I live where I'm at Right. And where I'm at right now, I wouldn't trade where I'm at in politics for anything as nasty and as dirty as as it is. And that's all that was. You know, we, we had an argument and so You know there was an exaggeration of the events. And that's what she said. She said that You know, she exaggerate Exaggerated You know whatever she told and withdrew it, and we moved on.


Do do you remember your attorney, Matt Middleton, attempting to sit down between you and Little Sean in order to tell you how to deal with Puff? No. Okay. No, I don't remember that. Okay. I want to, you got another one? 'cause I, I want to, I want to, I wanna ask about Belize. Right? That's, that's one thing we didn't discuss that much in here. Explain to the people what Belize is like to you. Right. Especially for myself, who's never been to Belize and why should people go to Belize? What's beautiful about Belize? Where should they eat? Tell us about the country that you smile about all the time. Yeah. Belize is paradise. You know Belize is heaven for me. You know the most beautiful beaches in The, World You know White Sands.


If you love diving, we got the, the greatest diving in all of the free world in the blue hole. We got the best food. We got the most beautiful, humble, warm and welcoming people. You know my two favorite. I, I got a few favorite resorts. If you're gonna stay in San Pedro, which is like the Miami of You know Belize, I'd stay at the Alaya. That's, that's my place of choice. A beachfront and fill at Alaya. And then I go south sometimes because south you can drive. When you go to San Pedro, you gotta take the boat or you gotta fly. 'cause it's like an island.


It's a key. But then for, for mainland, when I still want to be on the beach, I go to Placencia at the Sana Beachfront Villa or in Hopkins, which is You know one of the greatest places I'm going there on Sunday, because that's where the Garifuna community is. Garifuna, they're very big in, in, in New York. And throughout my, my grandmother is from Honduras where a lot of Garifuna are from. So they have a very culture, rich cultural experience there. But yeah, so, and then some, what I got into in my older age is the, the rural area.


You know, starting to love the river and, and that jungle vibe. And so there's a place called Kana You know that's in Cayo, that's like on the border of Guatemala. So yeah, those are my, those are my favorite places that I would recommend people to go. If you go into the city, the Fort George Hotel is, is great. You know, that's like five star luxury. And You know I encourage people to eat at, there's a place called d and ds. It's a place that I've been eating on St. Thomas. Best food that you'll ever taste if you're in Belize City. Jay Prince got a house out there, right? Yeah, He's, he's, he's actually having I think, a, a big party tomorrow in Belize.


Yeah, but I'm here. Everybody's flying out there. So he got a few islands out there. He's been out there for a while. He owns an island, right? A few islands. Yeah. He always says that, come to Belize, he wants tan. Come get tan, come to an interview in Belize with us. No, But Belize, Belize is Paradise You know, it's great to invest. We have a strong democracy, strong transition of power. So even though I'm not in government right now, I still invite people to come down there. Because when governments do change, You know there's no victimization. So your investment will be stable. You know, our, our violence is, is limited. You know, obviously you have the impoverished communities. And so most of the violence is restricted to those communities.


So we don't have a problem with tourists or we don't have a problem with, with investors coming down there. So I definitely invite everyone to come down there and enjoy paradise. My last question, where does God fit in your decision to forgive somebody that The World can, can now see, could have been guilty of all that you accused them of back then? Divine intervention got me to where I'm at today. And. I couldn't be where I'm at today without forgiveness. Doesn't mean that I'm gonna come here and refuse to answer questions. Doesn't mean that I'm going to sanitize history or rewrite it to protect anyone or to preserve anyone's feelings.


But forgiveness is extremely important. So that's one thing for people to take away from the documentary, is that you do forgive. It doesn't mean you forget. It doesn't mean you rewrite history, but you have to let go. You have to let go. Because holding onto anger, holding onto to hatred, holding onto You, know those deep rooted trauma can become a cancer for you. And it can block your blessing. It can block your pathway. So like I said, the greatest thing I did was not expect anything from anyone. And that was hard. 'cause it's like, man, you a billionaire, at least let me get You know a percent of that, 10% of that. But when you change that mindset, which is You know what?


I don't want anything from anyone. Get everything from God. I'll just work hard and I'll just keep going forward. And no one owes me anything. You have a much healthier life. And that comes from a lot of prayer. That's why I spent You know all that time in Jerusalem. You know, I don't regret that. That was one of the greatest experiences of my life. But I learned from that experience that it's not about being religious, it's about being a good person. It's about humanity. And humanity has to be about forgiveness, has to be about tolerance, has to be about compassion, has to be about empathy.


And those are action words. So religion is an action sport. You can't You know, be on the pulpit or you can't You know wa wax religion, but not live spiritual. Not live a clean life. Not live a healthy life. So You know, I've been praying for, for 30 years every single day. You know there was a time when I was incarcerated, I'd fast for six months, sun up to sundown. So the the type of rigorous spiritual training that I've gone through has prepared me for exactly where I am today. And being a political leader, we always hear about corruption.


So many people get to the office that I hold and the office that I want to hold as the next Prime Minister of Belize. And they betray the people. They betray the values that they've promoted all along the manifestos, the policies. They totally forget that. And so everything that I've been through prepares me be 'cause if I didn't betray Diddy, if I'm still not he, he might You know, be offended. He might be hurt because I'm telling the truth. But I'm still not up here saying, oh, Diddy shot them. Diddy had the gun, he gave me the gun. You know, he told me this about Tupac. I'm, I'm still not up here saying those things.


I'm still loyal to integrity, not to him. I'm loyal to, to character. That's why it's called the Honorable. My title in the House of Representatives is honorable. That's what they call all members of the House of Representatives. But I was honorable when I decided to risk 25 years instead of getting my friend and my brother in trouble, even though he was getting me in trouble. Right? So God, that relationship with God, and I'm not talking about that superficial, that You know front. And I'm talking about when I was in the tombs, got You know down and prayed with tears coming down my eyes, And I said to God, You know, I'm not gonna ask you why.


I'm not gonna ask you how. 'cause I was just driving to Bentley last week. I was just in my Ferrari last week. You know the one of the biggest stars in America. And that's from growing up in Belize where we didn't even have a toilet in my house to a single parent home in Brooklyn. I didn't ask you why and how then. So I'm not gonna ask you why me now. That's right. All I'm going to ask you is give me the ability to endure what I'm going through. That's all. 'cause I know the same way I got through, because the most difficult thing I ever did was to become successful as a musician. To go from being poor And You know, making millions of dollars as an African Caribbean, American is no easy feat.


Definitely not. Back then, that was the most difficult thing I did in my life. So being incarcerated, I knew I could manage that, but only by the grace of God. And, and so, yeah, God has played a, a serious role in my life. You don't always listen because I, I sat up for 10 years praying. And when I got out, You know I made stupid mistakes. But you keep praying and, and that's what the documentary is about. You keep praying, keep working, you, you fall, you get up. And, and it's all about analysis. Self-reflection, constant assessment. You're constantly evolving. And, and You know you, you gotta have the target. The target is to be a good person.


The target is to be the best person, best father to your children. You know God bless my daughter, Naomi You. know the best brother, the best You know friend, the best everything. And that, that's a constant. That's every day you gotta fight for your soul. And, and and for me. You can't come without divine intervention. You Made me understand some things today. Absolutely. You made me overstand something. 'cause you said something just now. You said, you said, I know what he told me about Tupac. So you You know he can You know he had this has the tendency to do that. So that he probably did say those things to Little Rod. I get, I, I understand, I Understand May maybe in the memoir I'll speak some more about it, but word, But I love your story, man.


I think that you You know just to watch you evolve over the years. You are a reason why you gotta let things just play out. And you really shouldn't judge people when they young because you just never know the journey Job gonna have anymore Criminal reform, criminal justice reform. That's one thing that I don't think I've been verbalizing enough. I'm the poster child for criminal justice reform. I'm the reason that we shouldn't be engaging in mass warehousing. I'm the reason why young people You know when they become involved in the criminal justice system, should be given every opportunity to reform and to rehabilitate. Because this is what happens. That's right. You got a bunch of young people that could become politicians, could become just law abiding contributors of society. Right? You don't want to destroy people's lives.


And, I think for too long, Incarceration You know hasn't worked the way that it should work. And there's been this rush to incarcerate rather than to rehabilitate. So definitely I hope that the people that are fighting, I gotta acknowledge my friend Baz Drying. She's a professor at John Jay and she does wonders with her movement of You know, like going to bringing school, university to prisons, You know and doing a program, prison, prison to University Pipeline where You know guys go in there, get their masters, their doctorates. There's actually a guy that's a professor at John Jay that started in her program. So he went from being incarcerated, getting his degrees to being a professor at John Jay University.


So definitely You know. I I hope And I pray that the documentary can inspire people as they're dealing with the criminal justice system from the side of being an offender, knowing that there's hope for them in changing their lives and in becoming You know the best version of themselves and that that is not the end of them. And for the people, the legislators, for the advocates to keep You know, advocating for a system that is truly just because justice is not condemning someone for the rest of their lives. Justice is the victims need. Justice You know, but perpetrators need the opportunity to be contrite and, and the opportunity to reform for the betterment of society.


Well, we appreciate you joining us, the Honorable Shine. The documentary is streaming now on Hulu and Sean, we appreciate you for joining us. Make Sure you come down to Belize. I'ma I'm gonna make my way out there out You know. Absolutely. Two years ago, I would love to still waiting on you. Absolutely. Absolutely. Thank you. Ladies. Ladies, gentlemen, it's Sean, it's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


Amazon's holiday deals are here so you can celebrate the season early with low prices on decor, electronics, and beauty. Perfect for stocking stuffers. Woo. And my stockings looking good. Shop holiday deals early on Amazon.


Now


How do you feel when you switch to Geico and save on your car insurance? It's like going to work on one Thursday morning and thinking to yourself just one more day until Friday. But then somebody in the elevator says, happy Fry. Yay. Then you check your phone quickly and discover today's actually Friday. So yes, happy Fry. Yay. Random stranger in the elevator. Happy Fry. Yay indeed. Yep. Switching and saving with Geico. Feels just like that. Get more with Geico.


Hey guys, I'm Kate Max. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. Listen to posts run high on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey everyone, this is Courtney Thorn Smith, Laura Layton And Daphne Zuniga On July 8th, 1992, apartment buildings with pools were never quite the same as Melrose Place was introduced to The World, We are going to be reliving every hookup, every scandal, and every single wig removal together. So listen to still the place on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hello, my unde Deadly Darlings. It's Theresa, your resident ghost host. And do I have a treat for you? Haunting is crawling out from the shadows and it's going to be devilishly good. We've got chills, thrills and stories that'll make you wish the light stayed on. So Join me, won't you? Let's dive into the Eerie Unknown together. Sleep tight. If you can listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.