
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


This is Doug Gottlieb for the Doug Gottlieb Show.


The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation. For reliability, get into Tundra. With available I force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Hey, all you women soups fans, and folks who just don't know yet that they're women's soups fans. We've got a big week over at Good Game with Sarah Spain as we near the end of one of the most exciting women's college basketball seasons ever. The most parody we've seen in years with games coming down to The Wire and everyone wondering which team will be crowned national champions this weekend in Tampa. Listen to Good Game with Sarah Spain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My husband cheated on me with two women. He wants to stay together because he has cancer. Should I stay? Okay, Sam, that has to be the craziest story in okay story time podcast history.


Well, John, that's 'cause his dump of week and this user writes. Last week we had an attempted break in. I asked my husband who was supposed to be at his mom's to come over and change the locks, but his mom told me he wasn't with her. And it took me less than an hour to find the first two women he was cheating on me with. Did she leave him? Well, to find out how this story ends, follow the okay Story time podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake that Ass up in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Laura Rosa filling in for Jess. We got a special guest in the building. Yes Indeed. We have Reverend Al Sharpton. Welcome back Rev. Thank you. Glad to be here. How you feeling? I'm good. I'm real good. You got your work workout in this morning? You know, every morning, seven days a week. I got to get up and do it. Have you, when's the last time you missed one? About maybe seven years ago. Really? I don't care where I am in The World. Like you And I was in South Africa together And I got up every day and did my workout. Absolutely. Now, the last time I seen you, Reverend And I, we were coming back from DC we were on a plane together.


This is right after Kamala Harris lost. Very sad, very upsetting. What do you think about the new presidency and what he's doing and all the things that that is affecting our communities? What's your Thoughts on that Emini here? I think that first of all, the only surprise I have is that everybody's surprised. Mm. He said he was gonna do everything he's doing. Tariffs that he was coming after DEI, diversity, equity, and inclusion. He said that he was going to go after his enemies or those that he felt were opposed to him. So I don't know what the shock is And I don't understand where all of the people that were saying that they didn't see the difference between Trump and the Democrats.


How they have gotten meningitis now and have not come back out and said, 'cause none of what he's doing, what the Democrats doing now, nobody's been more challenging to the Democrats than I have all my life. But you can't act like that was the same thing. He has done a direct affront on black people and working people and no apologies Emini here, when you take down black servicemen's pictures on the Department of Defense's website, including Jackie Robinson and Med G, you can't be more intentionally offensive than that. So I think that the bad side is what he's doing.


The good side is, I think it's going, I think it's gonna wake a lot of us up sometime. We need something to happen for us to understand what is really happening. But when you're dealing with porn disenfranchised point disenfranchised people, how do you tell them that, you know, if they're already living in hell, how do you tell 'em things are gonna get hotter? Because they get hotter Emini here, but you already In hell. Well you inhale, but it is the heat is up in hell and, and the the fact is, we, hell economically Trump is now saying, I'm gonna make it worse. I'm going to use social security money, Medicare money. You had that in hell. I'm gonna use that to balance the budget and pay for my billionaires to get a tax cut.


So when we tell ourselves it can't get worse, it can't get worse when Trump say, I'm gonna bring back stop and frisk, which we all Nash actually never was part of helping get down. That means you're gonna get thrown up against the wall again when Trump says that, I'm gonna deal with getting rid of all of these sentencing rules that can help you get outta jail. So there's a big difference in doing two years and doing 20. So yeah, you in hell and you are now, the fires in hell is being turned up. And to tell yourself to try to rationalize your inactivity does not make you smart. 'cause a lot of brothers and sisters saying that to me, well, we are doing bad anyway. That's trying to rationalize that you were not trying to do better to save that.


A man with 34 felony convictions found guilty of sexual harassment is better than a woman who did everything right. Lawyer, attorney general senator went to Howard. And to give that example to your kids that no, I'll go with the felon 'cause he got swagger is to make us appear like we're not serious. I don't think that's a fair comparison though. And the reason I say that is 'cause I, I don't think the vice president, you know, of course she didn't run a perfect campaign. Who does? But I think that she suffered from being a part of the Democratic brand as opposed to her. It wasn't the fact that they chose the Donald Trump over her. They chose Donald Trump over Democrats. Because I feel like it was the same thing in 2020. You had to fight to convince people to vote for Joe Biden.


It was definitely the same thing in 2016. You had to fight people to convince for Hillary Clinton. The only, the last time Democrats have been cool in the eyes of the people that have been oh eight and oh 12. Well then why did Biden win? The reason I don't accept that Biden won A series of extraordinary circumstances. Meaning George, You don't, it was extraordinary Covid. You don't think it was extraordinary? No, no, no. George Floyd and COV happened. Yeah. And so did 34 felony. We saw that this is the only time we seen American history of man stand up in court, having to defend himself and attacking black prosecutors. He went after Alvin Bragg. He went after tis James. And the fact is that, that Donald Trump was the president when George Floyd happened.


I did. George Floyd's funerals led to big marching. We could not get a peep out of the White House. Mm. So that don't wash with me when you are standing there saying, this man was president during Covid and told y'all to drink bleach was president when George Floyd and never opened his mouth other than one time, walked across the street from the White House to the church and held the Bible upside down and reprimanded the protestors. We, we all got amnesia in two years. That's what happened though. Yeah. For a lot of people, and you've been doing this work for a really long time. I'm interested that because it does feel like that's what happened. But how do you get people as emotionally charged as you were about it? Because people were emotionally charged when George Floyd was killed and when those different things were happening, which I think led to Biden, but they didn't care about the 34 charges.


So how do you change that? I think the way you change it is you got to be able to get people to understand the only way you going to be able to make changes. You have to sustain a movement. You know, I talk all the time about, there are those of us that have tried to build organizations to sustain. And then you get those that are, are like flash and you need 'em both. 'cause you need the flash to get the fire. But then that doesn't sustain it. I can tell you every, you said I've been there a long time. I just go back the last 12 years we saw groups after Trayvon, then they die out. And we saw groups after Michael Brown and Ferguson die out. Then we see groups on and on and all the way to George Floyd.


That's why you need groups that's going to sustain itself. Whether it be on outside of Civil rights or whether it be the nation that's going to be there. That when the smoke clear, because the right wing has that. Don't forget they went from Tea Party to Birtherism to Donald Trump. So they have their flash guys, but they build institutions and it led to Trump. Mm. And it is not even generational. That's the other cop out. I, I was talking to a guy the other night, we getting ready for our Nash action network convention. And he was coming and he said, I used to not understand y'all, but I'm, you know, I'm next generation And I wanna do this that other, but I'm work with y'all. I said, let me ask you, how old are you? He said, I'm 43. I said, well you ain't that young.


I said, you do realize vice president JD Vance is younger than you. He said word I said, Steven Miller, the architect of the project 2 20 25. It's 37 years old. This ain't about a, a generation's about an agenda. Those young guys on the right were smart enough to take a 78-year-old man that eat Big Macs in the middle of the night and sit on the toilet tweeting and make him president to get their agenda through. They divide us on whether you Christian, Muslim, young. Oh, we gotta stop all that and look at what made them victorious. There was no separation between them. They, they, they're Christian Church.


They are radicals. They're young, they're old. That's what put Donald Trump back in. So where the Democrats project 2025? That's a good question. Why they didn't have a project 2028. Why they didn't have a project 2000. They didn't have a project 2020. We did. We did. George Floyd, they didn't, I I keep reminding people, the Democratic Party didn't lead the civil rights movement. The, the Civil Rights movement challenged the Democratic party. Lyndon Johnson and John Kennedy did what King and Farmer and Hamer made them do. And when we are dependent on others to do for us, but we ought to be leading the charge for ourselves. We always fooling ourselves. Yeah. You know, listen, there's a lot of reasons I don't believe in the Democratic Party anymore, but, you know, 2020, they won the election.


They were in the White House for four years and that still didn't stop what we're seeing now. So how can we have faith in them to do anything? And I know you're saying, you know, you know, we can't depend on them, but you tell us to vote for them so they can go in there and stop these things from happening. But they didn't, they didn't stop the fascists from rising. I think that we vote for them as the alternative to those that are openly going do what Trump Trump is doing now. Nobody going say that they're the perfection. But if I'm drowning in the water, if a guy gonna bring me up two inches rather than bring me all the way out and the other guy's holding my leg, bringing me down, I'm gonna go with the two inches. But We did that in 2020 and didn't stop Nothing. Oh, in 2020 we, no, we made some advancements in, in those four years we were able to stop stopping.


First we was able to deal with saving some healthcare. We were able to deal with infrastructure development where blacks got some contracts. We got some things done. But then it reverts back. If you look at history, it is always one step forward and one back after slavery. We had 12 years of reconstruction then 50 years of Jim Crow. So if we don't understand that, they going to fight back. I think the problem is a lot of us relax and say we won now we there now. No, the fight is just as much important when you end as when you're trying to get in. So Where do we go from now? You know, we look at all the things that Trump is, is doing. Right. He said he's gonna possibly run a third or fourth term. You never have to vote again.


Yeah. Well that's talk. Is he, well first of all, to get a third term, you have to change the constitution. You've got to get two thirds of the Senate to vote for two thirds of the house and then two thirds of the states to rectify that. That ain't gonna happen. So, but he, what he's doing is his boys got caught on that signal Chat, 10 text out group Chat on that signal app. And he's trying to change the conversation. He's a master at that. He knows how we all talk about is he gonna run again? Rather than talk about how the vice president, secretary of Defense, secretary of State and all of them were on the app talking about classified stuff of attacking a building in Yemen and Trump's in the, how I change the conversation.


I'm gonna throw out the, he's only been in three months. Why would he, we even be talking about what he gonna do in four years. And Biden was too old. We said, right. Trump will be 82 years old in four years. Emini here as crazy as is now. Can you imagine what he gonna be like at 82 years old trying to convince two thirds of the state to bring him back in? It's all the d in his, in his mind. It's, it's a decoy to try to get away from the issues right now. 'cause they can't rationally, this is the first time you see in red states they have an election in Wisconsin, two in Florida where they are fighting to win those elections because even whites are now going to their town hall meetings saying, wait a minute, you messing with my social security?


Wait a minute, you messing with my Medicare Republican Congressman can't hold town hall meetings. So he's gotta try to change the conversation, make it something else. And he's good at that. There's no doubt in my mind that Republicans are gonna fumble the ball. You already see it happening now. Right. You know, based off what you just said about what's happening at the town halls, you know, on a larger level, you see what's going on at the stock market, all of that type of stuff. But even when they fumble, I don't think Democrats have the team to recover the Ball. Now there you And I agree. I think the problem is that you got the wrong team players. You cannot, you cannot play a game if you're not gonna play the game. And if you, they're afraid of Trump's going to tweet, Trump's gonna do this, don't get in the ring if you're afraid to get hit.


I agree. You got to throw a blow and expect the blow to come back. And that, that's what I've dealt with all my, I assume they going to come and throw blows at me 'cause I'm throwing blows at them. People say to me all the time, red Mile, how do you take it? Because I expect it Emini here. Do I think I'm gonna swing at them and call them bigots and, and talk about what they're doing to us and they're not gonna swing back. I think a lot of us act like the folks that we are talking about are wicked ain't really wicked. They are really wicked. And they gonna try to do wicked stuff. We do, do we do we do we, I feel like you should primary everybody in the Democratic Democratic party who's not willing to fight and the leadership like the Chuck Schumers, the Hakeem Jefferies. If y'all not willing to fight, we should be Calling For them to step down too.


Yeah. But the only way you can run in the primary is you gotta be in the party. If you're not registered in the party, you can't primary. So I think that I agree with primaries And I agree that a lot of these people need to be challenged, but you've got to build up a base to challenge them. And that's why I talked about the temporary folks. You need them for flash, but you need your, your people that are going to be there in and out so they can build some permanent structures. Do you think it's crazy that, you know, you look at Trump, right? Like him love him, hate him, whatever. The fact that he gets in office and he actually shows the power that we thought other presidents should have had, especially Democrats like Emini here the first day he gets on stage, he gets a pen and he signing executive orders left and right. Emini here, his guys that's getting that has 20 years in just in prison, pardon?


10 years in prison. Pardons them immediately. And then you look at some of our democratic presidents and you be like, man, they could have helped so many people for good. It just never did. Just was was cowardly and didn't. So how does that give the people confidence? It doesn't. And that's why guys like me that would come to the Democrats and ask them to pardon people and didn't, can be disappointed and say, I went to Biden and asked for certain pardons that we couldn't get Pardon the son, But I couldn't get him to pardon Jesse Jackson son. And, and and who should have been. Pardon? And, and others we went there. So How does that make you feel? As much as you done It makes me feel like I'm not getting everything I want, but I'm certainly not going to go on the other side.


So we need to then put the right kind of leadership there. You don't, you don't, if you are on a team, if the quarterback or the or the or tacklers can't work, you get better team players. You don't join the other team. So that's why I'm saying there's a difference in the frustration some of us are showing. And, and some of you expressed and in those that went and joined the other team, they went and supported Trump. Like that was an alternative. The alternative to having a head cold is not suicide. So how do you look at Mayor Eric Adams? I Was about to say, you decided whether you're backing away from Eric Adams. How do you how Look at Mayor Eric Adams. Yeah, because I, How Do I do what? Look at Mayor Eric Adams. I look, Eric And I go way, when I started National Action Network, he was one of the founders where he is now.


I think that he is made some positions that I disagree with. And I've told him that whether he made a deal with Trump or not, I don't know. But I know that there's some things in policing and all we disagree with some things that, that we agree with. But I think that he's in a very peculiar political position. I don't know how he can get reelected. So I So you don't think that I'm sorry, Go ahead. I was gonna say so because


The World is constantly changing, it's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


This is Doug Gottlieb for the Doug Gottlieb Show. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability, get into Tundra. With available I force Max hybrid engine delivering exceptional torque in towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Hey kids, it's me, Kevin Smith and it's me, Harley Quinn Smith. That's my daughter, man. Who my wife has always said is just a Beardless dickless version of me. And that's the name of our podcast. Beardless Me. I'm the old one, I'm the young one. And every week we try to make each other laugh really hard. Sounds innocent, doesn't it? Lot of cussing, lot of bad language. It's for adults only. Or listen to it with your kid. Could be a family show. We're not quite sure. We're still figuring it out. It's a work in progress. Listen to Beardless with me on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. Before the, the conversation is that you are having a conversation about whether you're gonna back him as mayor or not again. So you have made a decision not to I I I don't know that he's running yet. He's, as he said, he's Running.


He hasn't said he has the Thursday to say if he's running again. But If he does say right now, do you know what you would do? Call me Thursday night. I I don really call you. I'll really call you for that. Because I think for me, I'm, I think you'll, I'm looking at it because I I definitely will. I'm looking at it because you've been so vocal about him and now you're vocally like, I don't know what I'm gonna do. What do you want him to do? Like what do you expect him Do? I want him to continue to fight for the things that I supported him more like the right kind of policing in our community. Like being fair to people that are getting cut out of, of jobs in the city of New York. Like standing up to Trump on a lot of this stuff that he is agreeing with Trump on.


I do not agree that we should put Haitians and, and people of color in a category that they can be picked up by ice just because of what they look like. That is racial profiling. I want to do those things As a civil rights leader. Do you feel like you should work with this administration on anything With, with the President Trump? Yeah. This administration. I don't think that I have that option. Trump has made it clear he's not gonna work with Civil Rights League. He tweets at least once a month against me by name. 'cause I fought him when he was here. Central Park five. We fought him when everybody thought they were guilty. Them boys went to jail and two of them at my rallies every week now because we support him.


So I don't think that there are areas that he And I could ever work together. But even though he tried to play Democrat, he used to come to National Action Network Convention twice he came. But there are some that can work with him. I guess they need to do that. But they need to show us the result of the work. You remember both of you, you remember when I had access to Obama, I could come out and say, well I got Obama to do this on that. I've not seen any black come out and say I got Trump to do anything. In fact, the last black I saw come out of there was Amarosa who said he's a racist. Mm. He we don't even have an amarosa in the White House now. Do you feel like there's enough resistance on the street?


No, I do not. I think that the resistance on the street when you see one of the things we're talking about is doing a boycott against a single company and not talking about we gonna do it 10 days, 30 days. You boycott. I grew up in Operation Breadbasket. You boycott till you break 'em or you make them do what you want to do. You don't put a timeline 'cause they'll just wait on you. Then it is, oh, we got 40 days. Oh we got you need to break things down economically. None of these companies that we are studying coming out with now can survive a long boycott. 'cause you find out who has a margin of profit, four or 5% and their consumer dollars 30% come from the black community.


Which means all you gotta do is stop seven, eight out of those 30 to to not buy their product longer than they can operate in the red. That's how you do a boycott. That's what we getting ready to do. So you don't want DEI diversity, equity, and inclusion. Fine then you shouldn't have a diversified consumer base. You can't have diversity in your selling in your sales, but you don't want diversity in the C-suite. Then why are we buying from you? I can buy my stuff from somebody else and that's what we coming out this week on the company that we going after. And we gonna stay on them until we get them to turn around on this DEI thing. You know, I Was these companies I was gonna ask you, you you I'm announced it at the end of the convention.


Okay. That's one thing that, And we gonna announce where we, you know, we march every year, a big march, a couple hundred thousand in Washington. We gonna do it somewhere else this year. I'm gonna announce that on, on Saturday. Is that due to the, the boycotting to To it is gonna be connected to economics. It's just economic battle. We do not have the senate, we do not have the house, but Trump and the Senate and the House can't tell us where to spend our dollars. We ought to focus on corporate businesses and force them to tell their man Donald Trump what they gotta back up On. That's the mistake that was made after George Floyd when all those corporations was, you know, proposed all that money that we never saw. I remember Reverend Jesse Jackson pressuring corporations back in the day.


That's right. To keep their promises. Well I was this youth director. That's right. That's why I know I I've been there. I'm not experimenting. I was there. I I became youth director of Operation Breadbasket is what you talking about when I was 13. So I grew up in this and you don't have a timeline on boycotts and you don't stop the pressure until, first of all you have, these are the six things we want. Contracts money in black banks. That's what we were doing advertising on black media. You don't even have black media no more. We would categorize it Now we don't do that anymore. And that's why we gotta bring that back because that worked. What Do you mean by we don't have black media Anymore? We don't have enough black owned media. Oh, got you. Okay. We had more black owned media in 20 years ago than we have now.


Got you. What did you, how did you feel, you know, I seen the press go at you and go at a lot of the people at Kamala Harris' campaign gave money to during the campaign. So what, what was, what was your thoughts on that? That I expected that I thought they was late. Kamala Harris gave some civil rights groups money to help get the, the vote out nonpartisan signed a contract with us that we could not in any way endorse candidates so that they were protected. We were protecting, nobody ever asked does, did y'all have a contract? I think she gave several groups, couple million dollars she gave National, actually there were 500,000 and the tour we took, I took Central Park five, two of them all over the country, which cost us more than that.


We had to raise more money. So I expected them to do that. And my thing is fine, we could bring the contract. Let's go to court. 'cause then I'm gonna ask you about all the monies Republicans was given. Some of these Christian conservative churches and these groups, it would, they going to take a shot. They are not going to mess with you unless you messing with them. Isn't it interesting? You gotta, some of the people that you referred to that got some of that money during the George Floyd, they ain't talking about them. They ain't prosecuting them. They're going after other people. I'm talking about people that did crazy stuff with that money. None of them have you heard, got a problem. But they still beating up on us.


I had a question for you. You Mentioned that is true. No, go ahead. People that got hundreds of millions of dollars and nobody say Nothing. Not a dime when I get a half million dollars on a 700,000 Tour All a sudden. But you know what that's about though. It's 'cause you're a, you're a like a figure of face that people wanna move and target. And I accept that. That's why I don't get mad. I don't be crying. I expect, in fact, I get a little upset if they don't hit me at least once every couple of weeks. Must mean I'm, I'm, I ain't got my fast ball then to God be saying, I done got old, so I gotta stay. You gotta stay ready so you don't gotta get ready. I stay in the middle of the heat. I had a question you mentioned like having black people standing next to Trump. We don't have anybody right now doing that. Yeah. You talking about Amarosa people compare Candace Owens to Amarosa and were saying that she was trying to position herself that way.


I know she's not the biggest fan of you, but like you, do you think something like that would've been a help or hurt for us if she was able to position herself the way she was trying to Who? Candace Owens. And you, you put it Candace Owens and, and that category. She not been in the White House. No, she hasn't. She was she the way I Rosa was in the White House. People felt like she was trying to position herself that way to get there. I have no idea if if if she walked in here right now, I wouldn't know. So I don't know that you I know that's right. I, I love what y'all do with Operation Breadbasket or have done with Operation Breadbasket. That's something that I think that this generation needs to study a lot more Of. Well when, when you look at, I remember with Bread Basket, we would go at McDonald's or Burger King or whatever and say you gotta have black franchises.


That's how black Fran And I can name those that had 'em and that those, those were spelled out results. So you could gauge it. And that's what we gotta go back to. We want our own businesses. Yes. Okay. Give us some franchise. Put money in black banks where we can loan money. When you look at the fact right here in New York City, let's use New York for example. You have two thirds of the city of New York, black and Brown ask who is managing the funds for the taxpayers. I met with, I had all the mayor candidates coming to our convention and that's one of the things I raised with Eric going, but to your thing, how do you have all of this money?


And none of the blacks in financial services, whether they in asset management, whatever are handling a large sum of the money, is our taxpayers. So let me tell you what happens. I meet with a union. A union says that 70% of my union members are black and Latino. I said, who invest their pension funds? Oh, the pension board takes care of that. Let me meet with the pension board. Pension boards all white. They lend money to developers. Those developers take their money and gentrify our community. So Grandma's pension funds is the ones that are financing her own removal. We need to start thinking economic again. And, And I want to ask you too, I know that, you know, y'all have driven a lot more traffic to Costco because Costco is somebody who stood by their DEI initiatives.


What is Costco doing for the movement? We Want co Well they don't have, I don't want 'em do nothing for me personally. They've never donated to nothing. But I want them to open up some Costco stores where we can own some of those stores. We can franchise some of those stores we wanted to see. We went and said we gonna do a buycott to go in there and buy 'cause they stood up for us. But now do business with us. I don't want, again, for us to always be the receivers of what is considered charity. Give us parody. And you got the National Action Network. What is coming up this week Right? Starts Wednesday. I know you're honoring Ms. Pat LaBelle. Ms Pat label. Yeah. Pat Label being honored.


We going to have everybody from the governor of Maryland, west Moore, who's the only black governor to the chair of the Democratic Party. We're gonna ask some hard questions. We gonna have Ben Crump is coming with a lot of the cases that we have fought. Everybody's gonna be there. Dr. Michael Eric Dyson. And it's four days a week. Our convention always have thousands because it's free. And we even had Charlemagne tha God there one. That's Right. Absolutely. I'm gonna be there Wednesday. I'm, I'm I'm be with Mr. Emini here. No, you, you gonna be there because of her now he's No. Wow. Oh, you don't know about that. He loved teach. Yeah. No, Lemme be real clear. He's not coming outta respect to me. That Is not true. He's coming. That's crazy. Sit with Pat LaBelle. Yeah, Vander Bell made it clear.


Charlemagne tha God is sitting with me. I'm not sitting with you reverend. I said Okay. Period. But they told me what it was. I'm like, oh absolutely I'll be there. Yeah, No, he's been there for our youth and all that. He's done that. How did you, when, when ASAP Rocky was going through all of the stuff that he was going through in court and you tweeted out about the black jurors that the lack thereof, how do you decide when things like that come across your desk? What you put like put your, your, your name on? Well, First, the first law I use is that I don't ever get involved in something unless somebody involved ask me. When he was in jail, his mother came to me. Mm. And that's why I stood up for him. Then Trump helped get him back. I give Trump credit for that. Oh. When he was over in first, I don first Over there, so I knew him.


Mm. So when he's on trial this time and somebody in his legal team called me and said that, you know, there's an all white pool that they're choosing from. I said, that's wrong. He said, would you come outta here? I said, I don't have to come out. I can tweet. And I tweeted, I wouldn't have done that without the legal team. 'cause I wouldn't have known what the legal strategy was. Right. Anytime you see me out there, it's because some of the family members of the legal team have called us. I don't chase the ambulance people. You know people. Oh, they ambulance chasers. No, we ain't ambulance chasers. We responding to calls. So, oh, so you don't dive into cases to make sure that people are doing right by those individuals. Like you didn't, you wasn't diving into a asap you wasn't diving into Diddy unless somebody actually Calls you.


Somebody actually called and then we research it. For example, when George Floyd happened, we were in the middle of a pandemic. Ben Crump, who's going to be leading out you speaking Yeah. Criminal justice forum at the convention. He called me. Did you hear about this guy in Minneapolis? I said, I saw something on the news because everyone's locked in watching him. That's right. He said, the family like to speak to you. I said, okay. They connected me. Would you go to Minneapolis? Would you leave some marches? Would you do the funerals? I said, have we seen the whole tape? Yeah. And it's exactly what we saw. Yeah. I said, all right, I'm, I'm down. No problem. I called Eric Gardner's mother.


'cause George Floyd reminded me of Eric Gardner. You know, the, the whole choke hold. Of course. And I asked her, I said, would you go with me to Minneapolis? I'm gonna do the funeral. We gonna do a march and we gonna build up to go to Washington. She said, I'm down. And I said, we got one promise the pandemic, we could not get a flight. 'cause a lot of the flights was down. I called Robert Smith to be in there and said, can I use your plane? He said, let me see if my pilots are work in the pandemic. That's how we got to Minneapolis. Wow. Wow. And then when we got ready for the last funeral in Houston, we had to fly. A lot of the family inside was to shy to call Robert again. I called Tyler Perry.


Tyler Perry sent his plane to bring their family in. Oh wow. But all that was based on a phone call and, and, and right now all from Trayvon Martin all the way to now from Howard Beach, 30 something years ago. All those families are at our convention. We just had Yusuf Hawkins mother at our Saturday rally because I stayed with the families. I called them on holidays. They kids grew up with my kids. If they get in a jam, I I try to help 'em out. 'cause I know it'll be in the newspaper. We become family. Does it ever get like, heavy on you or like what, what do you do to kind of like decompress? 'cause it's a lot of like death and trauma. You always, you're speaking at the Eulogies delivering a, It, it bothers me a lot that I try not to think about it.


I have spoke at every victim's funeral you can think of. And a lot of them we had to help pay for. 'cause you gotta remember, nobody's family plans on a tragedy. Right. And we never even asked for the money back. Some of 'em settled for millions of dollars. Say you don't mean nothing. That's what we do. Wow. So Emini here from back in the day, Sean Bell, all the way to now I've done the funeral and artists, I I was thinking I just did Roberta Flacks eulogy. Yep. Two weeks ago I did James Browns, I did Michael Jacksons. I did, I spoke of Aretha Franklins. I did Ed Jane Emini here. You could do a book on a celebrity that would make me crazy if I just sat around at night thinking about it. So what I do is I get up in the morning workout And I listened to The Breakfast Club And I feel better.


You did, you did, did Miss Hazel Dukes too? Right. Miss Hazel Dukes. I spoke at that funeral, but I did the eulogy for Bread. I knew Roberta since I was 13 years old. She was in Operation Breadbasket. Wow. Well that Operation Breadbasket was started by Dr. Martin Luther King. Right. King founded it as his economic arm of Southern Christian Leadership Conference. And Jesse became the Chicago director and then the national director. And when he became national director, I was 13 years old, I became the youth director in New York. So he and Reverend William Jones mentored me. I I like to study movements that were successful. And, you know, those movements were successful on so many different levels. What should this generation be learning from that Civil Rights movement in the sixties and what wasn't done in that movement that that should be be, be done now what They should learn is if the objective, you should judge people by the objective.


You cannot in any way gauge people by your objection. Gauge them by theirs. And the objective was they wanted to break down apartheid segregation and change the laws on voting. They did that 64 Voting Rights Act or 65 Voting Rights Act, 64 Civil Rights Act. They did that. So what King and them were, after they did that, then they wanted to build economic basis, Jesse. And they did that. They were able to break in the first Blacks that would get on boards and the First Blacks that would own a lot of franchises, and Reggie Lewis and all of them, they did that. What we did not do is institutionalize those things. So from generation to generation that continued.


And then we build our own businesses. Hmm. We could say what we want. I've been to a different school of thought than the Nation Islam. But Elijah Muhammad built business. That's right. That's right. Any community you went in that's not there no more. So what we've gotta now perfect is how do you pass it on in your lane? And I, and you know, people come to me, I I'd like to be the next guy and now she asking. But you got to be about what we about. If, if if something happened to the Pope, you don't get a Baptist to be the new Pope, you get a Catholic. So if you not in in what we believe in, you cannot be in that. But if you in that, we need to continue that. And that's what we not done. We've seen too many just go all political and get out of the economic. You can't afford to be political if you don't have money.


Mm, That's right. So yeah, so, so even with what this administration is doing, you know, rolling back a lot of things that have helped black people move forward, we can still build those institutions. We can because he was doing it then. He can't make us spend money. They want. He cannot do that. And if you put the right pressure on them corporations, they can make him turn around. Why is he talking about tariffs and all that now? It's all economic. He is a businessman. Donald Trump has never held off in life. He went in there from business. And that's why I say we've got to have an economic strategy. That's right. And join them this wednesday@nationalactionnetwork.net. Sign up register.


So many people are speaking. I'm looking at right now, attorney Benjamin Crump, Stacy Adams, Michael Eric Dyson. Of course Patti LaBelle is gonna be honored. Charlamagne's gonna be at her table. Congressman Al Green will be joining us. Dr. Jamal Bryant, You having a conversation with Da Alvin Bragg? Yeah. We'll have DA Alvin Bragg there. We gonna talk about a lot of the criminal justice stuff from the inside. And then Ben Crump is gonna talk about it externally. It's all free. Well, they have to go, go to national action network.net and they can register online. We already have several thousand, but we, we can handle it. But it's all free if, if they go in and register now.


And that's the Sheridan, New York Times Square. So definitely go register and you, you gotta come up here more often. Reverend n All you gotta do is invite me. Alright, Say no More. I had to count Charlemagne Garden. Man, stop up here this time. I spoke you on the plane. I said come on up. Patti LaBelle had to get in true to cover the thing. And he felt bad. He knew he was gonna see me Wednesday night. Oh, that's what he said. I better put him on the show. Can you, can you, can you call in not to cut you off, I'm sorry. But Friday morning, once you make you decision Thursday night she can you call in? She cut You off. Alright. Yes, Please. Okay. Because we need to talk about that. I'll call in. Okay. I'll call in. But you, I I noticed you covered, I was getting ready to tell the whole Charlamagne story outside. You Can tell that. 'cause I don't like him like that. So go ahead. I do that Friday morning. Go ahead. Oh, you don't, okay.


Oh no, you Yep. Is Reverend, see what I'm saying? Right there Is Reverend Al Sharpton, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


This is Doug Gottlieb for the Doug Gottlieb Show. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive backed by Toyota's legendary reputation. For a liability, get a tundra. With available I Force Max Hybrid Engine delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Hey, all you women soups, fans and folks who just don't know yet that they're Women's Hoops fans. We've got a big week over at Good Game with Sarah Spain as we near the end of one of the most exciting women's college basketball seasons ever. The most parody we've seen in years with games coming down to The Wire and everyone wondering which team will be crowned national champions this weekend in Tampa. Listen to Good Game with Sarah Spain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My husband cheated on me with two women. He wants to stay together because he has cancer. Should I stay? Okay, Sam, that has to be the craziest story in okay Storytime podcast history. Well, John, that's 'cause his dump of week and this user rides. Last week we had an attempted break in. I asked my husband, who was supposed to be at his mom's to come over and change the locks, but his mom told me he wasn't with her. And it took me less than an hour to find the first two women he was cheating on me with. Did she leave them? Well, to find out how this story ends, follow the Okay Story Time podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Imagine you're scrolling through TikTok. You come across a video of a teenage girl and then a photo of the person suspected of killing her. It Was shocking. It was very shocking. Like that could have been my daughter. Like you never know. I'm Jen Swan. I'm the host of a new podcast called My Friend Daisy. It's the story of how and why a group of teenagers turn to social media to help track down their friend's. Killer. Listen to my friend Daisy on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.