
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required. Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke. Break This Christmas.


So You're her, right? You're The boxer Experience. The incredible true story. As long as I'm boxing, I'm gonna be okay. A Claressa Shields my baby. Going to the lip. Let's go. Critics are calling the fire inside and inspirational. Knock out crowd pleaser. If I've Been trained for this gold medal, I'm gonna eat exactly what the man gets. It's a monumental achievement. I've been working My whole life For this. The fire inside, based on the incredible true story rated PG 13 may be inappropriate for children under 13 only theaters everywhere. Christmas Day,


wake That ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Councilman Councilman Jason Lee. Yeah, it's good to give you Good to be back. How you feeling sir? I'm feeling good. You know I'm out here dodging these murderers on the streets of New York. Yeah, sometimes. Sometimes that happens. And I ain't talking about the hood. I'm talking about, You know, the healthcare. Yeah. Well congratulations first and foremost. Thank you. Does that change anything with Jason Lee? No, It doesn't. It should. It's still gonna be the same. No, it doesn't. You know, I was laughing when y'all did the Megan Thee stallion story. He is having the messies councilman. You know, the reality is politics are messy. You look at Trump, Trump has been able to win the highest office in the country, the leader of the free world with what he's done.


And so, nah, I mean, I'm evolving as a person. I'm in therapy thanks to you. Of course. Sober now 15 months. Congratulations. 47 grown. Congratulations. Yeah. So I mean, I'm evolving, but I'm not gonna change. I'm gonna always, always just stay true to who I am. You what was the health? Hollywood, what was it? Hollywood Health or Healthcare and Lock. Healthcare and lock. Yeah. So you were already, I'm I'm not, not ahead of the curve, but you were already peeping the injustices that were helping in the healthcare system and you decided to do something About it. Yeah, yeah. I mean, before entertainment, I worked in the labor movement for 11 years as the staff director for one of the largest healthcare unions in the, in The World. So I was already doing the work and then, You know, part of just being active in my community, I always felt like once you build your platform, you have the influence, you have the relationships, you should be doing something with that.


And just the evolution of my world in the entertainment industry, I just kind of felt like I was falling outta love with entertainment. 'cause it wasn't what I thought it was on the outside. And I just felt like my purpose wasn't being used. So I just, You know, found something else to do with my time. Went back home and ran and won. So How did you feel when you saw the United Healthcare CEO get Gunned down? You know, it's kind of crazy because with healthcare unlocked, we, You know, we help low income families get access to healthcare. We came up here with the CEO of the company that I partner with, and they're one of our providers. So to see that happen, United Healthcare. Wow. Yeah. They're one of our providers. But I mean, the craziest part was if you, if you're the CEO of a $450 billion company, why? You don't have no security. Yeah. And And I, I saw a lot of people upset about that.


They were saying that he had been getting so many threats that he should have known that he shouldn't have been in New York City without any security. Yeah. And on top of that, I mean, just the other day I had this bad sin infection went to the doctor, it was $1,250 just to get checked up for a sinus infection. So when I think about the every average everyday American, like in my hometown, where there's a lot of people who are homeless or outta work. I mean, people can't even afford healthcare in our country. It should be a right. But, You know, that's just not the country we live in. He Didn't get gunned down by some poor and disenfranchised person. Yeah. He got killed by a white boy that everybody's trying to get outta prison now. Yeah. That's the other thing, like, You know, we have selective outrage in this country where you got somebody like, You know, this guy who now everybody is selling free Luigi t-shirts.


Ridiculous. Yeah, it's crazy. Yeah. I I just wonder if security was there, would security been able to stop him? Right. Because he was, he was waiting and once they walking security in front, he probably would've shot both him in the security. Would He be, would he have tried 'em if he had security though? That's true Too. Sexy Ray got better security. Yeah, Jesus. Absolutely. I was gonna ask, you said you've been sober for how many months? Almost 16. Congratulations. What, what got you to the point where you was like, I need to stop doing this. What was the last thing to be like? This is too much. Okay. Well I've never told this, but I, so I had a birthday party. I have a birthday party every year. I got so wasted at my party. I was drunk for three days, but that wasn't even a thing 'cause it was like, You know, you get older, it's harder to get sober. Whatever. I had woke up in my house, my friends, we all came back to my house after my party.


I had lots of people in my house, but I woke up in the morning and there were people in my house that I didn't know And I had a gun that you didn't know that I did not know, And I had a gun in my robe. And I just thought like, if I would've woke up and went downstairs and found these people in my house, how I would've Shot 'em all, I would've shot all those people. You know what I mean? So then I called my friends like, why y'all leave these people in my house? They were like, oh, You know, the party. So for me it was one, I got people around me who weren't making sure I was good. Yeah. Two, the Bible says, warning comes before destruction. That was a warning sign because you had a lot of fun. But that could have went south and yeah, it just was just was a bad thing. I didn't want to go out like that. And I do feel like people be crashing out and then there's these signs that come before they crash all the way out and they just don't listen to 'em.


So for me, I heard that sign And I just literally quit and that was it. Why, Why'd you have a gun in your robe though? I don't know. I don't know how I got gotta, I mean, I got guns all over my houses and then now I'm back in Stockton, California. It's one of the most, You know, dangerous cities in the States. So like, I always keep guns on me. I'm a concealed weapons holder, I think in this country right now. It's just so unpredictable. You should be ready to protect yourself at all times. I have been. I mean, I, first of all, You know, I'm very inspired by watching you run for Stockton City Council and then win. But also, I just was concerned 'cause I'm like, I know how these people play dirty in politics. Yeah, yeah. That was never a concern of y'all. Nah, I play dirty too. We know Jay. Yeah. You know, but I've, I, I built a relationship with the district attorney.


Shout to Ron FRAs. He's the most powerful man in our county. He's the one that, You know, they, because they, You know, they gonna try to indictment games with people when they in politics. But see what, what I did was the most gangster, gangster shit ever. I didn't just go back and ran. What happened was, when I went back, there was this girl who got murdered at a school I used to go to, that I graduated from, that I worked at, her name was Lala. She was a young girl who got murdered by a guy who just wandered on the campus, stabbed her in front of all her classmates. And when they called me and told me that happened, I called Tiffany Hash. I said, yo, like we should fly to my hometown, meet with these kids, just try to inspire them to like work through it. Because when I was a kid, there was a mass shooting where this guy had come on campus, blew up his car, and then when all the kids ran out, he shot 'em all with a AK and Michael Jackson had come to Stockton.


And I remember as a kid when I was in foster care, like that was my first indication of what humanity and compassion was from somebody who didn't have to come to our hometown. So I just wanted to give that back to my community. We flew in, we met with the kids And I remember going to the school and they were like, do not give the kids the microphone because all the news is here. I was like, okay, yeah, don't worry about it. As soon as we got out there, me and Tiffany looked at each other and then we just said, get the kids the microphone. You know, like, we want to hear from them. And they were saying, You know, this school has been unsafe for so long. We've been telling you that this was gonna happen and you all didn't care. And then now one of our classmates is dead. So, so that was the, that was the beginning of me saying, You know what, I now have all this money platform relationships. I gotta do something to help my hometown. Because as You know, we were talking with the vice president about what was going on in DC That's right.


And people weren't listening. And then you get to a point where like you are either on the outside telling people who don't listen or you get in the game and you make people listen. So the mayor at the time and the vice mayor who I just beat, came to my home in LA and we sat down and we had dinner and we talked about how do we help these young people? How do we, You know, save these young people from being murdered and, You know, 16 year olds that can't read and stuff like that. And they made this commitment that they would do a program with me And I would put in a million dollars cash. They put in a million dollars. We partner on a 2, 2, 2 year program. Well, as soon as I went back to my hometown and went back to Stockton to do it, they started politicking the play on the city council, You know, and we had hundreds of people there. And this one councilman, he said, You know, you have all these rich friends like Rihanna and Floyd Mayweather, why don't you ask them to help you?


And that was the moment where I was like, okay, y'all gonna play in my face. Not a problem. I went back, I organized my businesses, I found three other people who wanted to run. And we put a plan together to run on a slate for the first time. And we all won. But I wanna shout out Kevin Hart, Floyd Mayweather, Babyface, Rihanna, everybody who actually got behind us that Floyd and Kevin donated a lot of money to get behind the campaign. And we all won. So now we all took control of the city and now it's gonna be a different city moving forward. Wow. You had the nonprofit dinner that you had Rihanna host. Yeah. And You know, you you is, do you save those type of favors for, for, for moments like that? What do you mean? Oh, like, like Just asking them to do things. No, I've never done a favor for her.


I mean, You know, she, Rihanna, she gave me the photos of her first kid and that we put out, she just, she just believes in what we're doing. I think she saw the, the person say what he said about, You know, go ask your rich friends. And she actually cares about The World. And now as a, as a new mom, she really is in love with like, You know, making sure that kids are taken care of and that, You know, people are doing what they can do to help them. How new music son, I haven't heard the new music. That's a lie. And I, you start smiling when you laugh. No, you start when, The reason I laugh is because one, I I, I look at some interviews when I talk about her. You know, that's one relationship. I don't even want to, I don't even want to talk about it 'cause it's just, You know, I, I do love her so much And I care about her and she's a sweet person, but she's so dialed in to what's happening.


I've never asked to go to the studio 'cause I don't want to hear anything. 'cause I do have a problem keeping secret sometimes. And that's one that I don't know. I, yeah. I haven't heard the music though. Who's your favorite Celebrity to hang out with? We seen you with Tiff, we seen you with Cardi, we've seen you with Riri. Who Is your favorite? You just named them one. Yeah. You know, favorite celebrity to hang out with And why? Well, I will say, I'll say Rihanna because it's the, it's the hanging out that you don't see. You know, it's the, there's no cameras. It's not social media. It's, we just talking about life. We did karaoke. We, I think it's just those moments, You know, I'm supposed to Come to that. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Charlamagne one day we, I don't know if you text or called, he said, You know, it's interesting how you do what you do and you have all these relationships.


But yeah, I'm not, I don't want anymore. You know, I like the ones that I have. I don't know that no new friends. Not to quote Drake 'cause I know he had an underdog right now. But yeah, just I, it is really weird because now that I am sober And I am in therapy, I see how I've been used many times or You know, the relationships just aren't really real. Yeah. I don't want any more new friends. I'm good with the ones I got. Do You have anything that you regret though, since your sobriety? Like Anything that you I don't regret anything. 'cause I feel like everything I've done is a lesson. But I will say that when I was here, I did made that off the cuff comment about Jennifer Hudson. That's the, you said She was illiterate And a terrible and terrible host, Terrible television host.


Okay. We, we don't need to relive Terrible, Lemme say this. Let's Go, let's play an audience. I'm just gonna, I will say this, You know, I think you can be critical of people without being mean. It wasn't off the cuff unplanned comment, talking about something completely unrelated. But then, You know, after that, You know, I, of course I got all the flack. That wasn't why I think I want to apologize for sure. Because I don't really care when people have an opinion about me online. I saw her at the Vice President's house and when I saw her, I just, I felt bad And I wanted to say something, but it was, You know what, what, what do you do? You do it. It was the wrong setting to go up and have a conversation. Plus Karen Silva was right there and it was like, it was already too much going on.


And you couldn't pass her a note. 'cause you already said you don't think she can read. So you wasn't sure Jesus Christ. Back to my apologies. No. 'cause what, You know, You know the game on the mainstream, I own my own platform. So I don't play the game. I don't have to audition. I don't have to be good for anybody. I just do what I do. I leave it there And I go, go on with my business. But in this world of entertainment, You know, all white men, like the people who owned DeMar Mercury will find a black person to market to white people because that's the advertising game. And I just felt like at the time, You know, she wasn't the best talk show host. I could have been critical of that decision and criticized them, not attack her. To say she was illiterate was wrong. Plus she's been through a lot of traumatic stuff. Like I having to see her in public and sh You know, she gave me a lot of grace 'cause she could have read the shit out me.


She didn't, but I felt bad. I'm gonna send her a personal note and some flowers and You know, piece it up with her. You know, at least do my part. It's not to be friends or anything like that, but just, I just felt like it was unnecessary. So y'all, Did y'all speak at the BP thing or you just didn't even go up to her? Nah, And I'm cool with comment too. And they were together. It just, it was just awkward. It was one of those things where like, I walked in the room as soon as I hit the corner and she was standing there And I, I wasn't gonna walk up and have that conversation. 'cause soon as I walk in a room, if there's ever been anything online, people automatically assume it's about to go down or it's just a feeling that's un uncomfortable. So yeah, I was gonna ask, You know, have you ever ran in a common, like have 'cause You know Yeah. And what the convers say anything about it? Or No? No. I, we, me and him talked at that party too. Me and Kamen we're not friends, but, You know, we were friendly and we communicate a lot when he was dating Tiffany.


So we're, we've been been in each other's faces. He's been on my show. He's cool. I I like and respect him. He didn't say anything, You know, we took pictures and it was cool. So he Keeps he keeps it separate. Yeah. He need us safety. Yeah. So the comment, but I, what I, what I told Jason earlier, well a while ago, is just like for him to do what he does, I've never seen, I don't know what you call what you, I don't wanna say Gossip Blogger You gave me, you, you're the one that gave cultural critic. You're the one that gave me the title of cultural critic. 'cause at the end, when I first started doing this, they were calling me everything, literally everything. I don't really care. I didn't have a title. I didn't like the, the title blogger. Only because I feel like in what we do, we'll be reduced to blogger when we have influence that, You know, this guy was telling me recently, 'cause I was going back and forth with this guy who wants to manage me.


He said, 'cause I've never had a manager. He said, You know, the challenge with managing you is that, You know, you're controversial. And I said, well, there's good controversy and there's bad controversy. I said, when Howard Stern does what he does, everybody praises him. And when Joe Rogan does what he does, everybody praises him. And what he said was, he said, when they go viral, it's contained in a space. When you go viral, it just scatters everywhere and it's hard to, to, to control. And I thought, okay, so to me that's the influence. I don't understand why that's a bad thing, but You know, again, we know what that is. So yeah, culture critic, I, once you said that, I, I took and ran with that. But to, But to do what you do and still have the relationships with celebrities is like unheard of. And Wendy didn't have that. I don't know if EZ Hilton did, but I know Wendy didn't have that.


But I think the thing that people still fail to realize is that, You know, you can not like me or hate me or hate on what I do or whatever. I still have a relationship with you, with everybody in the industry. Hollywood Unlocked has a relationship. Some just participate, some don't. You know, right now there's this whole thing where, You know, people think that I don't like Jay-Z or Beyonce. I love Beyonce. I like Jay-Z. I don't know him, but I love Beyonce. And, but You know, the platform is the platform. I am though backing up from Hollywood, unlocked as much as I can in the new year. I'm putting my staff out there more. I, I use Hollywood unlocked to build my brand identity. I have it now. I really want to do things that are purpose driven. My community's important.


My show, I'm in love with my show. But outside of that and my dogs, I really don't want to go nowhere. I don't want to do nothing. I don't want to really talk to nobody that don't have anything to do with what I'm on. You know, Hollywood unlock that thing can go and run and my my team is gonna do that work. I still own it, make all the money, but I just, yeah. The industry ain't what I thought it was. It was Different. When do you decide when you're not gonna tell a story or, or when you're gonna wait? Right? So the Megan, the stallion story, you teased it months before it was released, By the way. I like how you set that up. Let me tell you, lemme tell you why I intentionally did that. And I like that you pointed out that it was in July. There's so many stories that we get on a daily basis, You know what I mean? Like, I, there's so many stories we got on a daily basis.


It's the, it's the gr I don't get the grace for the stuff we don't put out. So you'll never know. Like you'll never say Jason, man, he did that because I didn't do it. You know, you don't know what I didn't put out. There's lots of marriages that I go, man, that that marriage is, that marriage is beautiful on social media when it's really like there's a whole bunch of other stuff behind it or You know, anyway, so I don't get grace for the stuff that we don't put out. And I think that's the part that I'm struggling with because the minute I do say something, You know, like the thing that did go viral with Beyonce, You know, we did a lot to protect Beyonce and Jay-Z that has nothing to do with this, this stupid story that's in the news right now. That's just to me ridiculous. Right. And unbelievable. But we did a lot to protect them.


But because we have to deal with their handlers, You know, and then they don't know the grace that their handlers aren't giving us. It's, it's this thing where people feel like this. We're in that old school game of, You know, just deal with the help. No, I don't deal with the help. I'm a principal. You a principal. If I have something that's going on or you have something that's going on, we can either deal with each other and if not, cool, then we do our job and then it is what it is. But people try to judge the grace that we don't give based on maybe the grace we give somebody else. I'm closer to a Charlemagne than I am to a Joe Rogan. So it's gonna be a different relationship. 'cause proximity is gonna change the job. And I think people are having a hard time digesting that. That's why I'm just like, I don't wanna deal with it no more. Deal with the platform. If you don't like a story, talk about it online and then we'll just keep doing the work.


But yeah, we don't, we don't, I don't get the grace that, that I deserve. But it's okay. I was gonna ask Something. He said, remember I used to always say, I say that about Wendy all the time. I say the beauty of Wendy Williams is wasn wasn't what she went on the air with. It was the thing she didn't talk about. Yeah. Wendy could have been crushing Yeah. With the things she could have actually been saying. And that's what I, I just, I I just, that's interesting to hear you say that. 'cause I saw the same thing with her. It's a sensitive balance though too. You know, like you have somebody like a Serena Williams, You know, we have a relationship that I don't, we don't promote. But You know, recently I had to say, I really need you to read my book because I really need you to understand like, the background of who I am. Because there's, knowing me, Jason, and then there's knowing me from Instagram or social media or my show, like two totally different people.


But back to the make thing, the reason why I held onto that for so long, there's a couple reasons. One, You know, I love the fact that Michael Rubin has a successful career, successful businesses and lots of privilege that he takes advantage of and that he has the white party. The white party I thought was ours from a long time ago, right before, You know, the baby oil and dildo start flying around. Damn, Damn. Still got day job. But, You know, but, but, but cultural, cultural, what they say, they co-opt the culture or they, they they man, they they, they took that. So now that's the party that everybody wants to go to, which is great. And I've been to it, it's a good party. You know, when Michael's not hanging on your back.


When I, when I heard about what happened at the party, I was like, yo, that really went down. I wasn't there. You know, I didn't get my invite. So I'm gonna just hold onto that. Well, Megan and Winnie, I know both of them, but then just Megan, there's so much out there with her that people don't know. I just felt like, You know, and the party, I'm just going to drop it, but I have to win off first. That's why I had to hold onto it. I couldn't drop it while I was, I already went viral with the Jennifer Hudson thing. Now I'm gonna do this. So I'm gonna just wait. So I'll wait until I got elected. Then I dropped him. I Was also, I was also gonna ask, You know, with Trump suing and winning $15 million for somebody reporting a wrong story. Yeah. Not just somebody that was georgen step snuffle step out. We know. We know. Yes. That's why this is his last name.


So when it comes to your staff, do you tell them to make sure you understand what's going on? Because now if you report a wrong story, I mean, I reported the Queen died. And That's, that's my point. If you report the wrong story, they gonna be suing now because the fact that Trump get 15 million and the fact that Trump's about to change this whole media Landscape that think is different. Jason, Why If you report the queen die and she didn't die, that usually is a career in for lot People. But here's the deal. One, we never saw her after I reported it. Two, that's not true. Oh my. No we didn't, not Twitter. Right now everybody's on Twitter. She, we did not see, we saw a photo of her that, You know, she was Outside in the park drinking coffee or something like that. Right. She was not. And she was. She was. She was gone. She was Gone. She had a Hollywood unlocked t-shirt on. Yo, shut up.


Stop it. She Had a free Wendy mug. No, but You know, by the way, the, the way they've locked Wendy away is insane. Saw This weekend. Well I didn't see her. No you didn't. Somebody Saw her. This her see her in Florida. Yeah. They said it's allegedly. That's what I said. That's, I said that must be, Yeah, yeah. Okay. Anyway, the queen, we didn't see her after I said she was dead. So even though I was on vacation when I broke that I, You know, I kind of stand behind it. But as far as you Still stand my, who was on Vacation, listen, I don't wanna double down anymore 'cause that was just enough. But she was dead. So look, I feel like I tell my writers all the time, and You know, you have to have lots, we have to have insurance, we have insurance for everything. We have millions dollars worth of insurance. So if you do stuff, we get sued, whatever. I've been sued probably more than 20 times for using images we weren't supposed to use.


But I mean, yeah, they, they do their research and they make sure that they follow, You know, all the, all the, the rules. But sometimes you make a mistake. That was a big mistake that George made though. One Word. Yeah. But rape versus Battery and defamation two DI Mean, yeah, I'm with you. Rape. Yeah. Yeah. So we have to watch it. My show we on my show, we have insurance and stuff too, but I, I do have to watch what, what I say. 'cause people are suing. I'll sue. We should be suing. Damn Right. Jay-Z should be suing, but he will he suing. Is he suing right now? I hope so. I'm Sure. He'll, I hope so. I'm sure. I'm sure it'll be a defamation soon. Coming soon. I Hope so. Yeah. The, your show, the JayZ Lee Show was coming back exclusively on Zeus. Yep. And You know what, I have to shout Lemeo Plummer too because Zeus, You know, they also aired our award show, which by the way, hopefully you guys come next year, Hollywood Unlock them back Awards.


Yeah. I still ain't being there. And you got an award. It's right there. Yeah, exactly. We over there. Yeah, we, I mean we're a black owned award show on a black network. I mean, I've been very intentional about working with black people. I mean, and Lemeo, You know, You know, he, he got the chaos over there, but he's done a really good job of helping us to platform the award show. I didn't seek out other partnerships to distribute it because I really wanted to, You know, keep it within our culture. This la this year we honored Sharon Stone, Cardi, Jasmine Crockett, Ben Crump, who else? We had Christian Louboutin. We had a lot of different people. Tiffany Haddish host next year. Yeah. But they come to your award show. Yeah. That's the difference between what he's doing and everybody else too.


They're actually coming to your award show. Yeah, well that's what happens when, You know, again, this is a black owned culture celebrated show and no, no disrespect to BET 'cause I just worked with them yesterday. But it, You know, it's not owned by us. And I think that they, You know, I'm willing to go over there and help 'em produce it. But yeah, we, we in, we individually invite all the honorees and they show up. This year was crazy. Next year is already gonna be crazy and shout out to Babyface, he said, You know, if you want me to do your music next year, I'll do your music. So we're gonna babyface do the music. Oh wow. Wow. You know, you already know who you wanna honor this year and everything. Absolutely. You wanna say it now? No, No. Because I, I wanna lock 'em all in first. But this year's gonna be, next year's gonna be bigger than ever and we do it right there.


We were very intentional about doing it. The Hilton Ballroom where they do the Clive Davis party and the Emmys and all that because, You know, we need to move our stuff in spaces where they may not want us there or That's right. You know, or they think we can't afford it. So we, we, yeah, it was great this year. How Was the Jonathan Majors moment in person? Oh yeah, we honor Jonathan. You know, it was great when we decided to honor Jonathan. You know, we live in cancel culture where everybody wants to cancel culture. And I've been against cancel culture from the beginning. 'cause I feel like it's, it's applied unfairly. You know, we've all been subject to it, but we all still standing. And I think it rent space in people's head. They don't understand. You actually can't overcome the bull, the BS of cancel culture. Jonathan was an easy one when I looked at what he went through.


I look at, You know, Emmett Till or you look at the Central Park, five or times where people have thrown stuff on us that isn't true. And I felt like, man, this year the Impact Awards is really about moments of impact throughout the year. Opportunities to create impactful conversation. And Jonathan went through a very public scenario where he's one of the most talented actors I've ever seen and met. And to watch him go through that with the, with that woman, I felt like, let's, let's elevate the conversation of redemption. When do we get redemption? Like when is, when is, are we not redeemable people? You know, the same way I think BET missed a moment with Chris Brown during the Usher tribute. You should have had Chris there. You know, everybody deserves redemption. And when I asked him to do it, we had lunch and he was just emotional.


I mean, he was, he, he cried because he was surprised that somebody actually wanted to give him that honor. When he came, I called Avanza And I asked her to present to him. And You know, at first she was just like, well, let me think about this. And she came back and wrote her her thing. And then I asked Karen Clark, Karen Clark shear to sing a song for him. And then when he, when he did it, it was just so powerful that everybody in the room was crying because he was honest about his experience and he still maintained his, his innocence. And then now to see the case be thrown out after he lost so much. But he does have a new movie that's that he, that he just did that I watched. It's, I mean, I think it's gonna be, have a great comeback. And it was a movie a moment.


Was That the Magazine Dreams movie? Yep. Yeah. Is It Really good? Oh, it's, it's, I told him, I was like, yo, I don't, it's, it's, yeah, it's, it's great. Wow. Now when you, when you become councilman in January, what's the first thing you want to do? Well, one, we're gonna restore order in my city. Part of the problem is that I told everybody, And I think they, they, they haven't been listening to me on the campaign trail. 'cause they, they kind of wrote me off as he's just a rich out of town, celebrity reality star, blogger, whatever they did. Which is fine. 'cause that was, that was a distraction. I needed to put my, my, my head down to actually win. I said, I'm gonna get in there and audit all the Measure a money, all the money that you all have been spending, and if I find anything wrong, y'all going to jail. And I meant that. And so the first thing on January 7th, I'm ordering an audit and I'm on the budget committee of all the money.


And they know that that's coming. And I can feel the shifting happening in my community. I think just how we invest in nonprofits, nonprofits led by women, people of color, really looking at how the city can partner to invest in those that are doing the real work and touching those who need it the most. And then homelessness is a big issue in my community. So we've been bringing folks from the state there, this man named Mark Foe, who's managing a $6.3 billion budget that the city never applied for. He's now in the city meeting with the county and city officials about how to get some of that money there for homelessness. And then, You know, just creating opportunities for young people because that's, that city is where I met Queen Latifah 30 years ago that inspired me to get in entertainment. And that literally jealous, locked everything.


Yeah. So I'm, that's that's I I was telling, I'm I'm very jealous of that. Your relationship. Yeah. We talk about you Don't lie. Yeah, For real. I, yeah, I told you, You know, I told her, You know what you said that how much you, You know, care about her and love her And I love her too. And ironically, she's never been on either of our shows. Never. Ain't that crazy. I mean, I'm fine with it, You know what I'm saying? But, but I, 'cause she's been an inspiration from afar, her and Shakim. Yeah. Because I, I just always believe in, in building institutions, especially with, with black women. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. And I, and Shakim was one of the first brothers I saw do that like really say, yo, me and this black woman right here, we going to build something and look what they've built. That's right. But You know what I learned in therapy? I, I respect you so much for encouraging me to go to therapy, but I also don't like that you encouraged me to go to therapy.


I'll tell you why. I think therapy in many ways has made me softer. What's Wrong with that? I don't like that. What's wrong with That? I don't. I don't, You know, because I think it's okay to have feelings. Like I have feelings, right? I do have, I believe it or not, I have feelings, but I also feel like when people feel like you're vulnerable, they then try to take advantage of you even more. And I have had more people trying it, but at least with sobriety and clarity, you see it now. And I'm like, And I call it out. What I learned in therapy though with, with Queen Latifah, is that I feel like I had abandonment issues from my mom because my mother, when she was on drugs would come to the group home and visit me or foster home and then she would never take me home with her. And it wasn't because she didn't want me.


She just was on drugs and couldn't, she just wasn't well, You know, and she had mental health issues and stuff. So because I wanted her to show up for me and she didn't when I, when I would, when now that I've become Jason Lee and Hollywood unlocked all that and Queen Latifah not showing up and my fans asking where she is, it was triggering. And it wasn't until I was in therapy, I was like, well I got abandonment. So I had to really like compartmentalize that relationship and say I do have access to her. I love her. She gave me inspiration to pursue my dreams. She gave me the support where my brother was murdered and spent time talking to me through that. And I love her, which is more Important, Which is, that's all the more important stuff. And I also know she don't wanna come on my show because when she does she bring her ass up there. We gonna really talk and we, when you talk to your friend, ain't no tell 'em what to come out.


Yeah, yeah. Absolutely. I love that. We appreciate you for joining us, brother. Of course. Thank much Councilman Jason Lee. That's right. It's Jason Lee. Ladies and gentlemen, Councilman Jason Lee. Councilman, Councilman Jason Lee. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up In the morning. The Breakfast Club.


It is Ryan Seacrest here. There was a recent social media trend, which consisted of flying on a plane with no music, no movies, no entertainment, but a better trend would be going to Chumba Casino dot com. It's like having a mini social Casino in your pocket. Chumba Casino has over a hundred online Casino style games, all absolutely free. It's the most fun you can have online and on a plane. Live the chumba life at Chumba Casino dot com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void, where Prohibited by Law. 18 Plus Terms Inc.


Hey everyone, it's John, also known as Dr. John Paul. And I'm Jordan or Jo Ho. And We are the Black Fat Film Podcast. A podcast where all the intersections of identity are celebrated. Ooh, chat. This year we have had some of our favorite people on, including Kid Fury, ts Madison, Amber Ruffin from the Amber and Lacey Show, and Angelica Ross and more. Make sure you listen to the Black Fat Fan podcast on the iHeartRadio app. Apple, a podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts, girl. Ooh, I know that's right.


Hey, y'all. Emini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Record. Record Executive produced by Quest. Love the story Pirates and John Glickman historical records brings history to life through hip hop. Mad Slam, another one gone. Bas bam, another one gone. The Crack Gut a bat, and another one gone. A tip, but a cap is another one. Gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the city bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing. Check it. And it Began with me. Did You know? Did You know I wouldn't give up? Get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning in to historical records. Because in order to make history, you have to make some noise. Listen to historical records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.