
Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your horizons. Hit play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast, sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex, cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts S Sniffy Cruising Confessions. Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to Sniffy Cruising Confessions, sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday.


Welcome to the Cino Show. I'm your host, Cino McFarland. I'm an addiction specialist. I'm a coach. I'm a translator, and I'm God's middleman. My job is to crack hearts and let the light in and help everyone shift the narrative. I wanna help you wake up And I, wanna help you get free. Most importantly, I don't want you to feel alone. Listen to the Cino Show. Every Wednesday on iHeart radio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts


From. iHeart Podcasts comes. Does this murder make me look gay? 9 1 1. What's your emergency? Avante Dead. Featuring the star-studded talents of Michael Urie, Jonathan Freeman, Frankie Grande, Cheyenne Jackson, Robin De Jesus, and Kate McKinnon as Angela LANs Ferries. Lick them. Lick those toes. Listen to, does this murder make me look gay? As part of the Outspoken Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


There's something different about the conversations we have late at night. They often spin off in strange and wonderful directions. So what if those laid back conversations were with some of the biggest musicians in The World Midnight, chances already welcomed Tame Imp Parlor, Charlie XCX, mark Ronson, VIN Staples, and many more. Join me, Stuart Stubbs and me, Greg Cochrane as we talk to our favorite musicians about the things they don't normally talk about. Listen to the new series of Midnight Chats on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your favorite shows.


Wanna know how to leverage culture to build a successful business? And Butter Nos is the podcast for you. I'm your host, Brandon Butler, founder and CEO of butter, a TL And on butter nos. We go deep with today's most influential entrepreneurs, innovators, and business leaders to peel back the layers on how they use culture as a driving force in their business. Omics will give you what you need to take your game to the next level. Listen to Omics on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your ass.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The. Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes, indeed. An icon. A legend. Hip hop royalty man. Ladies and gentlemen, we have Mc Light. Welcome. Thank you. How are you feeling this morning? Thank you very much. I feel good. I feel energized. The weather is really giving me New York. Yes, it's, it's New York. Horrible. So Horrible. This the first time you've been on a breakfast lap. No. No. N yes. Yes it is. Yes, it it is. Yes It is. How do you feel when you hear that icon?


You know legend because it's all true. Pioneers is another one you should add. How do you feel? Because you look a little taken aback when you heard it. No, actually that's not what I felt coming through the hallway. I didn't expect, Oh, the big guy. Big Big Mac. Big Mac. It Was kind of big and big style You know. It feels good, I guess. Yeah, I feel like I'm still doing work. You know And I. Think there's also a whole host of people that really don't understand why other people say that. Well, One of the reasons is you are the first female rapper to release a full solo album with light as a rock back in 88. Did you even understand the gravity of that?


Did you even know what that meant back Then? Absolutely not. Hmm. Yeah. No. I went in, as a matter of fact, I can look at it now and see that it was an audition, but when they asked me to come to Staten Island to meet with the record label, I just was going. I had my little rhyme book. I, I asked my mom could I go, I think it was on a school night. And so I met the guy that really, I grew up in hip hop with. As a matter of fact, I write my rhymes the same way that he taught me how to write my rhymes. Wow. And so I got on the ferry. I went all the way over there and You know I had my rhyme book. I pulled it out. I said my rock milk was like, say something to this.


Okay, now say something to that. And You know. And literally that's how I crammed to understand you and Paper Thin and Light as a rock. And all of that was born. But no, I just felt like I was, I was just doing what I loved. What Got you into to, to rapping back then, right? Because everybody thought back then it was gonna be a trend. It was gonna be here for a little bit and then gone and, and growing up in Queens, what got you into saying, I wanna do this, and what made you say, I'm gonna take it serious to make this a quote unquote career? Right. Well, I grew up in Brooklyn. Brooklyn. I don't why I was Is a little different. Although I did spend a lot of time, Queens Time in Queens, in Queens in Far Rockaway. That's where my grandfather lived. I think after listening to Melly Mel with the message and sequence and You know all of the cold crushed brothers and spending time in Harlem with my grandmother and all of my cousins over there, it wasn't until I heard salt and pepper.


And then when I heard them, I was like, oh, wait a minute. I think I might be able to do this. And then at that time, I felt like I had something to say, which was, I cramm to understand. You You know the drug scene and seeing crack heads in Brooklyn, seeing heroin addicts in Harlem, it was like, okay, I got a message from my generation. Hmm. Didn't you, you lived in Brooklyn for a second, right? No, I was born in Brooklyn. Oh. Somebody told me that y'all lived like a block away from each other. My grandfather between Rutland, between 91st and 92nd In Ruland Road. Yes. And my grandfather lived there. So I would go there on in the summers to see my, my grandfather. But Oh, see, I was on the summer in the summers I was with my grandfather for Rockaway in Rockaway, queen Queens.


Yeah. That's why, 'cause people always seen you in Queens and people would always see me in there in Sta in Sta city because I had a grandfather in on over there. And then I had one in Sta city. So back then, what your parents did in the summertime when you off of school, there was no camp. They drop you off at grandpa's house and then they pick you back up on Friday. So I would, I would spend a lot of time in Brooklyn. Right, Because you was eat flat, east flat bush between each flash. Butch on the borderline of Brownsville, right? Yeah. Yeah. New lots. Sutter Ave, And I. Think once you cross that train track, you was in Brownsville, which I shopped in Pickin Avenue. That's where you get the cheap sandals, jellies word and you leaves and things that you needed to look cool in what I call the Caribbean part of Brooklyn.


I'm a fake in Jamaican. You're Fake Jamaican. Me Too. Yes. I, me too. How were you able to stay clear, like all the violence that stemmed from like that, the crack era of Oh, I don't God. Right, right, right. You know. I've seen, matter of fact, all of the guys that I grew up with, the ode of Roughneck to all of the guys that I grew up with are no longer here. Wow. Yeah. They all died by the hand of violence. But You know. Look, looking at how you grew up in Brooklyn, You know, I always say that in the same thing with Queens. I always used to say that even though selling drugs were bad, there was some type of, I would say they controlled the streets, right?


So you wouldn't see a lot of the crime that you see now. Back then you would see a lot of drug dealers shooting each other. But now it just seems like there is no nothing. It just seems like people are running wild. Did you notice that back then where it was like it was, it was rules like you don't mess with, with older women, you don't rest with the kids. If the kids were doing something wrong, the drug dealers would actually tell 'em, no, no, no, you gotta straighten up or this, that and the other. I don't see that anymore. And. I feel like as effed up as it sounds, I feel like that's why the streets are a little messed up. There is nobody out there controlling the streets and making the kids do the right thing. Did you see that as well growing up? I You know. I hadn't thought about it. But now that you put it out there, it does seem a little lawless. Like it's anything goes and it's, and very much no rhyme or reason You know.


So yeah, I think back in the days it's like, no, leave that one alone. That's not it. Or You know, like I've heard stories from Pac and different guys that said they wanted to go that route, but the guy said, nah, this ain't for you. You stay over there, we're gonna support you in that area and not try to tempt you over here. So, yeah, no, I don't think, I don't know if that exists. It might. You, You said something else too. You said you went to go audition. Like those those were, they had auditions back Then? Yeah, but I didn't know it was an audition. Okay. It wasn't until later I was like, yeah, I guess I was auditioning. Okay. Okay. You know because they wanted to see what, I had the guy that, that I grew up with writing rhymes with or whatever, and he's, he called me up.


He was like, there's a record label. They're looking for a female mc, do you want to go out there? And literally it, it hinged on my mother saying yes or no. So she was like, You know what? Okay. And, and at, at that point I had been going to Latin quarters, And I had already recorded with Clark Kent. 'cause he was a friend of a girl that used to work at Chi Chi's Mexican restaurant. 'cause that's where I work. And I met him. And I said I had this rhyme and he was like, come to Brooklyn You. Know the innocence of it all. Here I am going to this guy's basement in Brooklyn. Like it could have ended so many different ways. However, I laid the first rendition of our cram to understand you down on there.


So by the time I got to milk and them, I had already been with George Lucian, who is full force's father. He would come over, I would rehearse with the brush in the living room and get my chops up saying salt and pepper rhymes. And actually I'm much more co comfortable speaking like this. But because I've always been taught to come from the diaphragm, I'm always on extra. So when I talk like this, people are like, what's wrong? I'm just, I'm just talking. Do you remember When you got your first deal and how much the first deal was? How much you got paid? I don't even think, well, I got an advance, which was $5,000. Jesus And. I took that $5,000 And, I put it on my Jetta, like the whole thing.


Like, oh yeah, that's all I need is a car. But then when I started touring is when I started making money. And then I got a house. And then without budgeting or anything, by the time I furnished the house, I had nothing to cover my windows with. And so I had to put Sheets and no blinds. I had to put sheets up in the window. Wow. And have my manager stop by and be okay with that scene. And it wasn't until I went out on the road the next time that I could finish the house. So You know there's so much more money being made in this business.


And. I can only hope that the youngins are doing the right thing with it because there are ebbs and flows. Absolutely. Were you in high school when you were first single? Was you really? Yeah. Wow. Grade. I was in the 10th grade. No, I think I was in my last year of school with A whole single out. Yeah. Yeah. That single came out in the winter. And so I was in school. And I wanted to grad, I wanted to get outta school early. So I took extra courses at Boys and Girls High the summer before. So I was out by January. And I was headed to Norfolk State University. I already put my money in.


I was gonna be a, well I, I'm a Sigma Gamma Row Soro right now, but I was headed somewhere else. So in any case, I went and decided I needed a job until I was gonna, I was gonna save my money up. Mm. And so I went and became a messenger. So I know every street in New York City, so and so I did that. And yeah, I was in school. So you never went to Norfolk? I never made it to Norfolk State University. 'cause I got the record deal. And my mother was like, this is just too much. You can't go away and do this and do that here. I'm surprised Your mom didn't make you go there. 'cause most, most parents would've been like, no, no, no. Forget this rap. You go into that HBCU.


I don't think she wanted to be separated. And because it's just, she And I. And so I went to Hunter for two days and on the second day they said, there's a tour in Copenhagen, you the youngsters in Audio two. And that was it. And You went out there, did you get any money from, 'cause you sold millions of records. Did you get any of that published in royalties? Any back, anything back then? Slightly, slightly. But nothing like You know. You should have. I should have. Yeah. I mean this is a treacherous game. And what's interesting is on the internet now is like every nook and cranny you can see truth being told.


Right. Which is Really truth. Well, yeah. You got some people that are just like, look, this is how the record deal works. Oh, got you, got you. Yes. You Know, which I think is really admirable of those people to kind of speak their truth. You mentioned audio too. Were y'all related? No. There was a rumor that, was it Nat Robinson? I think, Yeah. I mean it wasn't a, it wasn't something that other people came up with. It was the story that we told. Oh, and yeah. And it was because You know Nat Robinson, who was my manager, basically took me on as, as one of his children. And he had a sit down talk with my mom and she was like, okay, what's happening here? He was like, we're gonna take care of her.


And literally when I would get off of the stage zoo, I would be right back in the hotel room. There was no room for me to mess around or mess up and have You know stories being told about Mc lights. So I thank him for keeping me safe. And because of that, his children became somewhat like my brothers. Wow. So, so that's interesting because we hear all of the challenges that female rappers face now. So I can only imagine how it is when you're the first person over the hill, the first person over the hill takes all the shots. So I was gonna ask, how did you just, I guess, stay protected, right? Was it because of people like that?


Yeah, definitely. Because in that Robinson, and then also because of security, when I think about back in those days, I had three security guards with me at all times. Simply because we just didn't know would happen or could happen. And, and you don't want it to happen. And then You know, it's almost like leaving your bag in a car. You don't why leave it in the car? Why leave It in the car? 'cause then you're gonna have to chase down how You know who has it, how can I get it back, blah, blah, blah. So we didn't want anything to happen. And yeah, I paid three security guards. And whose Idea was that? Was that your mom's idea? Was that the labels idea or? No, it was management because we didn't want to take any chances.


And, I think it wasn't until maybe I was 25, I took my first trip alone, which was really enlightening because I felt like all that time I had, I couldn't see 'cause they was in front of me. So once I, I was like, oh wow. Okay. Where did you go your first year? This is life. It might've been Kona. It might've been, yeah. Where the Hell was Kona? Hawaii. Oh, Hawaii. Hawaii. Yeah. Don't act like you knew where it was. You didn't Know what Kona was either. I didn't, I was just gonna act like that. I wasn't gonna say nothing. I I gonna Google it later. But did, did, did your life change in high school? Like, is that when the stardom first kicked in or, Yeah, I guess it was when people started to recognize me.


Oh, but You know what, because they knew. I told them I was coming out with a record. But while I was doing Messenger work is when I went to deliver the, a package to the, is it the gray building? The Grayson building? It's, it's somewhere on off the forties on the east side. And I went into the mail room and this guy say, yo yo yo. And he called some people from the back. He said, that's mc light. I was like, oh shit. I got it. How the hell? I said, W what, what do You know? He said, I got the magazine and it was a picture of Kroc And I. So it was like, oh shit, my cover's blown.


So did you quit? Not yet. Okay. You did that check. Not Yet. Right? I was waiting for, well I still lived at home, so I didn't really need the check, but I wanted the check because I was going to school. I was gonna getting ready to go to Norfolk. And so I wanted to stack my chips. But no, I had to wait for that day for my management to tell me that we had the record deal. And I could quit. How has it been watching The Evolution Of Hip Hop from 88 to now? It's been great. I mean, literally we have taken this gift from God and blown this thing all the way out to out of the hemisphere.


Like I would've never thought, first off that I could support myself, support my mom, give jobs to You know that's my niece right there. And what other people have been able to do for their families. And The Breakfast Club and the You know the clothing lines and the podcast and the, I mean, it just goes on and on. It is, it's a dream for all us to really do what it is that we love. When did it start to, to slow down for, for Mc Light? 'cause growing up, I mean it was you, you name it, it was Cha cha cha. The records were flowing then it seemed like there was a switch in hip hop a little bit. And I, And I would say maybe that's when Kim and Foxy, that era started to turn around.


So when did it start to slow down and why was it, I think like many, many times there's maybe a song or an artist that comes in and switches the whole situation. I think Naughty By Nature did that. And then I think Biggie did that and You know on and on. And for me, I think what happened was in 90 97 or 98 specifically, I had an album that I really worked hard on without the help of a and r because they were doing LSG. And I'm talking about Marilyn Bob You know he's a really good friend. And I, respect him.


He did a lot of things for me during my career. But during this time, once I finished the album, he came back and said, we need to take some of these songs off. And I was like, what? Like at that time I let my ego You know Ride And I was like, you can't tell me what to take off. You wasn't even here for this. You know, You know. I was too emotionally attached to working with the track masters and working with LL and Beanie Man and Pharrell and Missy and Total And I had this jam packed album with way too many songs. And so I think the focus wasn't there.


And then they asked me to go back in and work on a new album. And I was like, I just got out of the studio working on a new album. And after that point, or during that point, will Smith had started a record label. He was like, light If, you ever want to come over here? Let's do it. So at that time, my manager was like, You know what? Maybe we should take him up on his offer. And we did. And as soon as we did, he lost his distribution. Damn. Damn. Which was with Interscope Over Broke Over broke over broke. Yeah. And I was just like, okay, And I was getting a stipend. You know, it's like Will Smith had the bag at that time, that's when every movie was popping. He had what? Kel Spence at that time, he act like he still don't got the bag now. But that time he was, he was at one of the highest though.


And he was just, it was a lot going on. And, and, and Kel Spence was one of the people that was riding with me. And so once he lost the distribution, I was sitting there getting a stipend. And I was like, okay, I don't want them to make the call that the stipend is over. Let me make the call and say, You know what All I need is this, the songs that I've done already and one more stipend check and then I'm gonna go make this thing happen. 'cause they were just sitting and James Lasseter was like, I don't want him thinking about nothing but Ali right now. And so we are waiting for him to talk music with us, but they don't want him to talk music 'cause they want him to win this Oscar, which is Res You know.


I gotta respect that. And so that's when everything was just like, oh, okay. What I'm gonna do now? Dammit, I should have went to Norfolk State Univers. How does that not affect, like your personal relationship though? Right? Because You know, I, I've read, read Jada's book and y'all like the Best of Friends. So clearly there's a family vibe there. Y'all are family. How does that affect y'all You know personally when you feel like, well damn, we thought we supposed to be doing this professionally, but I need things to move a certain way. What's up? Yeah. I don't talk to Jada about Will's stuff. Yeah, yeah. And I don't talk to Will about Jada's stuff. Especially business You know because But no, no, I'll talk about you and Will I just, I'm just talking about Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Oh, well what would happen is I would call Will anyway and then he would tell me what he wanted to do.


But he can't do what he wants to do. He has to rely like many of us on other people. Hmm. So I, I consider all of us to be the quarterbacks and once we throw the ball, we, somebody gotta take it down the field. And if they don't want to go down that way or they don't want to play on that field, you're kind of subject to what it is that you've rely on them for. And so James was like clear, he didn't even want us talking to Will about music. Wow. So I was already going against the, the Grain by calling him saying, okay, what are we gonna do? So yeah, I mean it is just one of those things where all of it went different. Sylvia Rome was like, what are you doing in la?


I need you on the streets of New York City. People need to see you. And I'm like, oh, I'm trying to act You know. So when it, when it came, the one thing that Nat Robinson said to me, and though he said many things throughout the years, which helped, but the thing that I remember most is, we are gonna make you popular independent of a hit record. And once he said that out that gate, that allowed me to dream bigger. To see, okay, I need to prepare myself for all these other moments. I want to do voiceover. Let me go to coaching. I want to act. Let me go to class. And so that kind of opened up the spectrum for me. It's interesting 'cause all of y'all had those opportunities, it seemed like early, like you saw Queen Latifah and Ice Cubes and the Wheels.


Was that like a thing hit and play? Hit and play? Yeah. No, it really was. And, and why My route went differently. As I left William Morris very early, we had gotten some word that some shows for me had gone to other people. Promoters were complaining that they were trying to get me and they couldn't. And so my manager said, You know what? We need to go to a performance agency that just does performance. We tried to keep theatrical at William Morris, but they don't break it up. And so at that time, I wind up going with another agency who was spectacular. I worked all through the nineties To this day, If, you look on Spotify, I've got more listeners in Germany and You know France and Spain than I do in some of the states in the United States of America.


Which is really odd to me. But that's just the way it is. I spent a lot of time over there. And so while they were doing their shows, I was out touring. And so I didn't do my sitcom until You know two, three years ago. Which was fun too. 'cause I was really present for it. Most of the twenties went by in such a flash. Like I think you're blessed enough to have a second chance around so you can, you can actually see it happening. And You know another reason. You're a pioneer. You are the first solo woman rapper to receive a gold record with Roughneck. Yeah. How did it feel to get a gold with that record? 'cause you said that was a old to like the people around you, Right?


Honestly, at the time it felt good to be acknowledged for any record. But I guess that's sort of like You know how it is. They say Denzel gets recognized for training day. It is like roughneck. That's really okay, I'll take it. It was great. I remember we were on tour and they had the phone in the bag, The big box phone, The big box phone. And my manager You know, we were pulled over on the side at some Road Inn or whatever getting food. And he walked up and he said, you've been nominated And. I was like, okay, that's great. So they read it off at Radio City and of course I come out the year deep cover is out.


Damn. Yeah. And I was like, damn, that was quick. You know, like you're one of the reasons that men are so toxic, You know between the hardcore era of hip hop and you saying that you want a roughneck, ladies want a roughneck, right? Oh Yeah. That's terrible. That's How we gotta be. I'm so sorry. Wow. He said, I'm so Sorry. I'm so sorry. When I perform now, I'm like, where all the rough, okay, where's all the reform Roughnecks? Yeah. I'm sorry about that. You ever go back and look at that? You, you said you were on the tour. Do you ever go back and look at some of the horrible places that you stayed? Oh my God. And the disgusting places that you ate. Yes. But back then it was normal. It Was, yes. I I, when I think about the days in and how all of us was like rammed up In a room, it was normal.


We, like, it was five of us in room. Some somebody slept on the bed, somebody slept on the floor, somebody was on the couch. Red Roofing, holiday Inn And You know, it's not until you've lived a better life that you can look back and say, oh my God. And even in the midst of it, like after Roughneck You know, I toured on those Budweiser fest with all the r and b people. Like, so I was the only hip hop artist with Keith Sweat and bb d and the way they were treated. They had full meals, they had warm rooms that were furnished totally and completely different from a hip hop tour with 10 different You know rap artists and then let alone touring with Janet.


That's a whole nother situation. But what it does is it teaches you what you should expect and, and what you should make people responsible for. So yeah, it was, it's definitely a learning curve. You know, one of my favorite versions from you was on self-destruction. But it, even back then, you always had socially redeeming messages in your, in your in, in your, in your music. Why did you feel the need to address social and political issues back then? Well, I attended an African school as a kid called Wale. And, excuse me, there was certain values that we just learned.


And I felt like I needed to use my voice for something important. And because my mom worked at North General Hospital in Harlem, and when I would go see her, I would get on the elevator. She was on the seventh floor. But I think on the third or fourth floor was the rehabilitation center. So sometimes getting into the elevator, I would see like heroin addicts that had,


If someone asked you to name a queer icon, who would you say? Brittany Christina. That's not who we were thinking about. Try again. Shirley Bassi Tina And again, Madonna. Cindy on Whitney Houston. Mariah Carey. No, there's still someone you are missing. Bruce Springsteen. Bruce Springsteen. Bruce Springsteen in particular. Leather twink. Bruce Springsteen. Just very hand on hip sass effect. Bruce, This is because the bus belongs to us A serious journalistic quest to get Bruce Springsteen recognized as the queer icon. We know that he is, There's so much camp potential with him. On my dating profile, I had something about being a fan of Nebraska era Bruce Springsteen. It's Like you squint and everyone can be a butch. Listen to because the boss belongs to us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts


From the writer of Amazon Prime's Red, white and Royal Blue comes a hilarious and demented new audio mystery. Does this murder make me look gay? Master Vandy is dead. Then it's probable that whoever killed Vandy is in this very room. Lock her up. Lock her up. You killed your daddy. You don't get anything. Fizzy 9 1 1. What's your emergency? I'm in the Monroe Estate. And I just caught a murderer. Yes. I'll Hold featuring the star studded talents of Michael Urie. Jonathan Freeman, Douglas Sills, Cheyenne Jackson, Robin De Jesus, Frankie Grande, Sean, Patrick Doyle, Brad Oscar, Nathan Lee Graham, Seth Rodsky, Leah, Daria, Leia, Solana and Kate McKinnon as Angela LANs Ferry. Lick em, lick those toes. Ah, Listen to, does this murder make me look gay? As part of the Outspoken network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome, welcome Welcome to another exciting episode of the Trap Nerds podcast. This is not a episode is a promo You Know what it is. Promo time. We in this piece, Trap nerds. Trap nerds real like you never hurt. Join the Trap Nerds podcast every Monday and listen to us discuss all things inside and out of blurred culture. The World put Tarantino squashes his beef with Mar and be like, I this. See, I mean to put shots of road. We'll see y'all be down. Make You know. Gonna be extra racing with the best movie and TV reviews from a blurb perspective, I, I think if Bold Mayo hadn't got fired, Kevin probably would be in trouble right now. Preach. We giving you reliable gaming news and real genuine game reviews. I I'll stand for Lightning. Why does she have three games? Because she a bad, I hate you so much. Listen to The Trap Nurse Podcast or the Black in Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


In a world where TikTok didn't exist yet. That's al as ign co. The Comedy of a Mexicano Across Borders, the Heart of America, Latinos and his catch phrase is, are part of our culture. But Sono Heart's Cultura podcast that will present. I'm Philippe Esparza super from television debut.


Listen to as part of Michael ura podcast Network in LA iHeartRadio, apple Podcasts, or wherever you stream


podcasts. What's good? It's Cole Witt and Eating Wall Broke Is Back for season three. Brought to you by the Black Effect Podcast Network and iHeartRadio. We're serving up some real stories and life lessons from people like Van Latton. TMZ was starting a tour. Harvey came and took the tour by July. I'm on TV every day. I endear myself to the audience. He comes in, he goes, we're gonna give you a raise. I think maybe a year or two years after that I was a producer DC Young Fly. It wasn't really no way for us to make income off of Vine like that. It was more so notoriety. Once that popped off, it was like people was following it. And, I ain't even know how big it was. I ain't even know people was doing this on they spare time. I was, don't do that kids, that's bad. It was, it was crazy that it had to be that real and that harsh Bon Thugs and Harmony. Our mission was, we was telling everybody in the hood, we finna go meet Eazy-E We about to come back and do a video. Of course we didn't know. So we was lying like a mother. Little do we know we speak in reality and we going to come back with a bus and camera crew And many more. They're sharing the dishes that got them through their struggles and the wisdom they gained along the way. We're cooking up something special. So tune in every Thursday, listen to eating while Broke on the Black Effect Podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by State Farm Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there,


Decay, veins and holes. And I. I just was like, what a rough life. I need to say something to my peers in hopes of them never going this route. And then aside from that, I saw Florida, Apache, the Bronx, really early in life. And I was like, oh my God, they put her on drugs. They made her a drug addict. So no, you don't need to be anywhere around that. So I think that's where it stems from. You Think, you think artists now have a cultural responsibility to use their voice for, for advocacy and just the spread messages? I, I would think so. But that's not the story that most of us tell. I do think that there is room for everyone.


And I always have to use what it is that I know. Heavy D wasn't that. But we still loved him. He promoted love, which I think is one of the most important, important aspects of life Will was never that. But we love him still. He made us feel good and feel confident and and strong. So I think it's room for it all, but I do think it shouldn't be ignored. Do you think that's missing in hip hop now? Like the self-destruction type of records, people coming together for good 'cause you don't really see that anymore. Yeah. Like I don't think you can get a self-destruction type of record now. I I think we could if someone who I, I think if Kendrick said we gonna do it, it would happen.


Absolutely. You gotta give the power to those who have it at this moment. And if they decided that that's what they wanted to do, I'm sure it would happen. Who put Self-destruction together? KRS one Ks won and he called everybody and said, let's do it. And everybody obliged. Absolutely. And you haven't put out an album in 10 years, but you got a new album coming out called 1 0 1. Yeah. And why you getting back into this crazy Game? LL Challenged Me. He did. Really? Yeah. We, we did a Leading Women Define is one of those annual events Deborah Lee does. And so I did a fireside chat with him and in the midst of it, You know, he says, I'm putting out new music.


I was like, oh, that's great. He said, when you putting out music, And I was like, well, I, I don't know. He was like, stop being scared. I was like scared once he said that. And I was like, okay, I gotta get to it. And I had been working on music, but I had been working on music so long at that point it was just like, okay, I guess I'm just working on music with no real plans to do anything with it. And then finally I said, now's the time in 2014 I did a really great record called Legend. Legend, yeah. And the guy, the executive producer was not such a good guy and he took advantage of the producers that were on the record.


And I just was like, I don't want to get into that hell. And so I'd rather give it away than get into the game of the promotion and marketing and involving these guys who really weren't being taken care of in the right way. And so that kind of fell by the wayside. And I think that took a little bit of steam outta me as well. But this this new one, I'm, I really enjoyed making it. You got a song King King with Queen Latifah where you're uplifting and honoring good men. Is that your way of atoning for roughneck? I'm trying to write your wrongs. Sure thing. Yeah. You know what's so crazy is I get so emotional when I see like the winning team, that moment of vulnerability when they've won and they're showing one another.


You know the, the respect and the love and the honor and you can see all of the turmoil that they've gone through for the whole season. But also I see a lot of young guys who have found the woman that they want to be with, but perhaps they're not with other guys who have made that step into what it really takes to enter into manhood. And so it's like, nah, she ain't the one or You know. You've gotta, you've gotta be able to decide who is good for you. And so I just wanted to You know uplift those who have made those decisions in hopes of the younger on the way to being King can say, oh, that's a good thing.


Creating and creating the spotlight for the role model so that they can become what it is that others will look at and say, I can be that. How was it being back in the studio with Queen Latifah just spending that time with her? It was great. You know, we spend, we spend a bit of time together preparing for her shows. So we've done maybe about four shows with her this year. And when I say we, I mean myself and Yo-yo and Monie love Monie love tours with her all the time. But when she calls in the pack, we all come in and we get to spend a couple of days together. But this, it was so funny, I was in the studio. I told her I'm gonna be in the studio from two to two.


She shows up at midnight. She is like, yo, where you at? Okay, I'm here. And she shows up and I'm like, I play it for her. And I'm like, okay. And she goes, okay. And she goes into the studio. And so my promise to her is do this And I don't want nothing else from you Ever again in life. Well, no. With This Song. With this song. Okay. Right. And so that makes it easy for her because she's got a lot on her plate. And so if I'm expecting her to do this and that and the video, I need you to show up for this, this, this. It's like, like she's not gonna wind up doing the song. So I'm like, just get in there and do it. This's all I need right now. And so she just went in and Did it. It's something about you Queen, Latifah, salt and pepper.


It's, it's like we, we celebrate y'all, but there it's like, I don't feel like you're celebrated the way you, you properly should be. It's like we have a way of doing it with the guys like You know the Hoves and the Nas and all them that we don't do with the women. And. I don't. I don't know if I know how or or why. Well you also gonna, you gotta go back at era too. You said you gotta think when you talk about Queen Latif for mc, light, salt and pepper, you gotta go to Slick Rick. 'cause that's that same era. And they don't do it for those artists, bro. See, you see how I was talking about the women but just all men? No, but no, the reason I say that is you're talking about artists in the two thousands, which is a different age group. What You talking about? 2000. 2000. Nas Jay-Z they trans, they transcended to, they started nineties where they transcended to the 2002 10 tens.


You gotta think Mc l was was more slick. Rick ll Cool J and those type of artists. Yeah, Absolutely. It was in the nineties was rough. Roughneck was the nineties. Keep on keeping on with the nineties Co rocker party, Co rock party. I want to be down remix. Kobe Was considered the 2010 era. The 2000 2010. Well He just lasted. Yeah, Lasted really, he Lasted time. But I think to, to dabble in that for a minute, 'cause I don't, I don't know that I have the right answer, but it's spawning a thought, which is you, you only really need a one powerful champion. And Will has had that ll has had that Jay-Z has had that.


Nas was able to garner that after the beef with Jay-Z. So you have to have a champion that sees the worth, which really comes down to helping you You know, get to the dream or the goal. But it's also a business. It's about making money. So if they see a way in for everyone to be able to benefit, then they, they spend a little time and energy there. It would take someone who people respect to say this is the one to pay attention to.


And I guess I was on my way to that with Will saying, come on, You know, join the label. And during that time I did a record with You know with him that was multi-platinum. I showed up on the soundtracks You know. So when you're able to really diversify is when you can see some level of success. But I do agree with you that it could be more, more done. I Feel like the eighties artists had a tough time. And, I feel like we don't celebrate those artists enough. Right? W whether we talk about lights and the the KU people You mean people I consider you a eighties artist though.


Well, I I started in the 88 started in the eighties. I got, I got one off in the 88, but Even the early nineties. Yeah. But most of my success is in the nineties. But what I can say is, so did Will, so did LL Nas was shortly after he came in 92. That's right. Said I wasn't too far. But Even ll I don, I don't feel like ll gets the love and, and and respect that he should for what he has done. Like If, you really think about feel he does. When people talk about top fives, ll should be in that conversation and a lot of times he's not, which is crazy to me. Yeah. You think about what LL did and what he trans send it to what he is. I feel like he doesn't necessarily get the love that he should get. Big Daddy came the same way.


Right? Who else is in that, in that same era, I guess I'm in the circle that gives the love. And. I. I see the respect. And now with his new brand and the new platform that he has, I think You know for me, success is tied to how many others can you help. Right? Who are you lifting up? Who are you reaching back Absolutely. To pull up. And he's definitely been able to do that and put a lot, a lot of people to work who, who haven't been to work in some time. Absolutely. When you say champion, do you mean like, like managers or executive from a label, like You say champion. It could be just association. Gotcha. You know, I think Fat Joe flows a lot of power to Remy and You know back in the days we needed that, right?


So every female kind of came through the ranks through some men who were, who exuded some power at that point. And now today, it's like women are popping up all over the place. Not really needing a co-sign from anyone, but from the era which we hail it, everyone that you named sort of outlasted the posse that they were a part of. But yet what's the next, what's the next space? What's the next spot? And a lot of, I think a lot of agents kind of wanna be those guys. You know. So it's like how can I help them?


Now I'm associated with them. So I've got this machismo thing going on and they've held on to their ages for really long. I'm probably one of the, I'm probably one of the artists who has kind of skipped around a lot. And it's not that I'm not loyal, it's just that okay, what are we going to do now? What what is the next level up? And so throughout my career, I've had three managers. One for 13 years. One for 13 years. And now I'm with this one for about 14 years now. I've moved agents because I'm not gonna stay with someone who doesn't believe in what it is that I'm doing.


And I, your, your vigor for me can't wane. I need to feel like we're in this together and If you telling me to go do a new record. And I just did one. It just doesn't feel good. So I'm gonna go where the love is, right? The reason I bought y'all three up Queen, Latifah, salt and Pepper and yourself, because y'all are like the prototype for every single woman rapper that we've seen. There's something, every single woman rapper, every type of woman rapper we seen from the Rhapsody to the Megan Thee stallions Nick. Not whoever it is, there's something from one of y'all in all of them. That's And, I Am You know clearly from Salt and pepper, You know and Shy Rock.


And it, it is so funny 'cause Dougie talks about this hip hop tree. Have you ever heard him talk about this? It's like this hip hop tree with these four branches and everybody sort of stems off these of these branches. And so I'm clearly from the sha rock, salt and pepper and yeah, I see it, I see it in Rhapsody, I see it in Ra Wack. I see. And many others. But it feels, I mean, what I think everybody in the same instance is being themselves. Right? And so I think that's important. I Missy as a matter of fact feels like Mc Light and Salt and Pepper and like she's this wonderful amalgamation of all of it.


She is, yeah. Including You know Mary, including You know. I think once Upon a Time the source had a magazine where they had all the female MCs and they named us all and she was the innovator. And so And I think that captures her because she's able to like create what's not there. And like, like a Comet You know and just throw it into the zeitgeist now When they called you to be the, the Voice. 'cause now I feel like you're the voice of award shows now. And Yes. So when they called you, did you first say, yeah, I'm gonna do it? Or did you say, I don't know if I wanna do that? Oh, well You know what I had done it for VH one hip hop honors.


I was backstage interviewing people and doing stuff. And then I guess one of the producers that also works on BET said we need to get her over here on this one. And so to me it, it made sense. I was ready. As a matter of fact, I was going to Norfolk State University to major in communications to do radio because I heard Carol Ford And I was like, oh, her voice kind of sounds like mine. It's kind of raspy. Maybe I can do that. And so here it is, full circle. I'm able to use my voice. Is there any voice ever work you've done that we don't know about? Like you was playing a cricket or something or somewhere? I don't know. No. No. But You know what it's, it's, it's funny listening to you do voiceover work, it's live right?


When you do voiceover work, most of it, how do you go in and out? 'cause sometimes something happen on stage and you have to have a straight voice. All right. Lemme say like, how, how does that, what was the most awkward? The bumpers. The Bumpers are already pre-done, so, so I don't have to worry about that. Any awkward moments where you're like, oh, oh, oh shit, I gotta get this on. Right. No, I think the most, the most thing that's kind of out is when I'm doing perhaps the Emmys where I'm unfamiliar with the pronunciation. And so it has to take a little bit of time. And I'm from New York, so I'm always putting the accent on the wrong thing. So I have to rehearse to make sure that I properly say people's names.


Because that, I mean, when someone's getting an award or a nomination, the least you could do is say the person's name correctly. Absolutely. Yeah. You, you mentioned somebody, did you say Sylvia Ron, that that told you to get back to New York? Yeah. Sylvia, I was her first signing Yep. As a, as an executive. And so yeah, she wanted me back in New York and at that time I was appearing on Yvette Lee Bowser's for Your Love. So I had a recurrent recurring character. And I was in acting class. And I was like, this the next, this is the next move. But yeah, she wanted me back in New York. She felt like it was really important as an mc and being in hip hop that I not lose my grounding, which eventually I did because people didn't see me here and probably felt like it wasn't important that I didn't see that it was important enough.


And yeah, no. What do you mean? I was What You found on that? Well, I mean, people see what it is that you put into it. So If you are where everything is happening. Then it's like, okay, committed to the process. But if I'm in California, which everybody thinks is La la Land in the first place, it's like, okay, how serious is she taking this? Especially the record label and the people that work at the label, because I'm sure it wasn't just her who wanted me back here. It probably was the marketing people and the radio people and everybody else. And so I, I stuck to my guns and was like, no, I'm in LA to learn. I was in acting class for two years, acting school for two years. And I was ready for that next step.


Well, back then there was no social media too. Right? So you would see everybody, like you would see ll You know on Jamaica Avenue. You would see You know Big Daddy Kane, downtown Brooklyn or Harlem. Harlem or Harlem. I seen run DMC the first time at TSS. So you would see your local artists around and the fact that they didn't see you, there was no social media to be like, I'm here still. You know. Right, Right. People still see things and they remember things though. 'cause one of my homies told me to ask you about an Italian made white truck that you had in the nineties. Oh yes. And they said, you the only one in the states with it. Well, it was like, well, what kind of truck was this after? It was a La Forza and there were 3,500 in the United States. Wow. And I got it at a auction in California.


And I had it driven here, and then somebody broke a window and it took four for me to get it. It was one year. It was made in 1989. And it was Fiat and Maserati and Ford got together and made this car for one year. And so I wound up giving it to milk. It was a pain in the ass. I was About to ask, you don't still have it right, And. I need it for my car. She, you ain't still got milk, Ain't it? He might still have it. I said, milk. Does Milk have it? Yeah. I, I tried to ask him a question about it years later. He was like, don't ask. I was like, because he, I think he thought I might want it back. And I gave it to him outta con convenience because I was moving And.


I didn't know what to do with it. I was just like, he'll take it. But it definitely was one of those that people looked at when you rode down the block. It's like, what is that? It was fun for a while, but it wasn't properly made. Gotcha. And you got another song on your album called Change Your Ways. Yeah. How important is Self-Reflection and Accountability? Oh My goodness. It's, it's everything. It's, it's your whole experience. And You know, I've learned so many things throughout the years about me still learning about me. What it is, people will tell you what you like before you even know what you like. And so for me, I think the move to LA actually allowed me to claim my independence and my independent thought.


And so yeah, self-reflection. And you have to quiet, you have to have things quiet enough to even be able to really understand what it is that you can do to be better or how it is that what you just said, mm, wasn't okay. This life of an entertainer, everyone is always telling you how good you are, how right you are taking whatever case in point. I remember being told at an early age, you shouldn't work with women because they're too emotional. Well, what I found out was, for me, I don't have to be emotional at all working with guys.


This is the what I taught myself. As a matter of fact, I could say whatever to you, do that, please get that done. Yeah. But You know no emotion at all. Not really understanding that it affects men when you talk to them like that as well. But more importantly, I wasn't ready to be responsible in my tone and how it is that I communicated what it was that I wanted. Mm. And with women, you ain't getting away with that. You ain't just saying something any old kind of way. It's like, excuse me, can you say that in a way that I can have it? And so it just made me more responsible for how it is that I communicate.


Because to me, it's not being mean. It's just straight to the point. Right. This is what I'm looking to have done. But when you are on the receiving end of that, you go, oh, okay, wait a second. I, I could put a little bit more heart into that, a little bit more love into that. And so, yeah, self-reflection is really Important. I always wanted to know when, when you were out and Foxy and Kim and Trina and Kaiya came out, what was your thoughts at that time? 'cause that's when hip hop changed a lot and people were Yeah, were going at them so heavy. What were your, what were your thoughts? I remember we were on tour, And I got on the bus and someone had music playing and it was something, bitch the bitch.


But, but the B bitch, And I was like, what is this? I said, you gotta turn this off. I was at a club in Los Angeles, And, I heard the guy say something, something bitch. I went over to the dj, And I said, can you turn this song? And he said, okay, how different of a world that I would even ask a DJ to turn that and he would turn it off. Now, that would never happen. I'm from the east side going anywhere. None of the male rappers called women bitches. None of them. Not KRS one, not Will, not ll not anyone that I had ever heard on the East Coast refer to a woman as that.


So it was completely out of the stratosphere for me. Even seeing Biggie and Puffy in a jacuzzi with women, I was like, oh my goodness, what's happening here? So things were changing very quickly. I didn't really know how to feel about it, except this is crazy. What do we do now? Do you feel like it was systemically done? Because I, I, I, I asked that about rap and television because as you said, the rappers weren't talking like that. Then all of a sudden it was just an abrupt change. Right? Yeah. Same thing with tv. We had all of these positive images of black people, and then it was just abrupt change reality tv.


Do you think that it was systemically done? Just now? When you said that, I thought of it really starting on the West Coast. I think it was maybe nwa I got, I would really like to note who used it first in a record. I think it was different culturally and what was happening in New York wasn't necessarily happening in the south and wasn't happening on the West Coast. And, I think once we began to merge all of these cultures together is when it became okay to call someone a dog.


I remember being in the airport and somebody from somewhere else said something to my dancer and was like, what up dog? And my dancer was like, dog, who the hell you calling dog? But it wasn't a bad thing. It meant you, my dude, you my name You know with the way that we reference You know, perhaps someone that we have affection for or in that case. So I just think it's, it's different culturally, systemic. I'm, I'm not sure I, I have entertained this conversation before, like, what is the brink? Is it the door that has now opened to, you can say anything I, that actually happened with the sitcom You know.


I had them tell me, You know we can curse in this. You can say whatever you want. Because they kept looking at the scripts and they didn't see anything.


If someone asked you to name a queer icon, who would you say? Brittany. Christina. That's not who we were thinking about. Try again. Shirley Bassey Tina And again, Madonna. S Cindy on Whitney Houston. Mariah Carey. No, there's still someone you are missing. Bruce Springsteen. Bruce Springsteen. Bruce Springsteen in particular. Leather twink. Bruce Springsteen. Just very hand on hip sass. Bruce, This is because the bus belongs to us, A serious journalistic quest to get Bruce Springsteen recognized as the queer icon. We know that he is, There's so much camp potential with Him. On my dating profile, I had something about being a fan of Nebraska era Bruce Springsteen. It's Like you squint and everyone can be a bitch. Listen to, because the boss belongs to us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome, welcome Welcome to another exciting episode of the Trap Nerds podcast. This is not an episode is a promo You. know what it is. Promo time. We in this piece, Trap nerds. Trap nerds real like you never hurt. Join the Trap Nerds podcast every Monday and listen to us discuss all things inside and out of blurred culture. Culture. Well put Tarantino squashes his beef with Marvel and be like, I oh God, this. See, I mean, to push shots of road. We'll see, I'll be down You know, gonna be extra racing with the best movie and TV reviews from a blurred perspective. I, I think if Bo Mayo hadn't got fired, Kevin p would be in trouble right now. Breach. We giving you reliable gaming news and real genuine game reviews. I'll stand for Lightning. Why up does she have three games? Because she a bad I hate you so much. Listen to the Trap Nurse Podcast or the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


From the writer of Amazon Primes Red, white, and Royal Blue comes a hilarious and demented new audio mystery. Does this murder make me look gay? Marandi is dead, Then it's probable. Then whoever killed Vandy is in this very room. Lock her up. Lock her Up. You killed your daddy. You don't get anything. Fizzy 9 1 1. What's your emergency? I'm in the Monroe Estate. And I just caught a murderer. Yes. I'll Hold featuring the star-studded talents of Michael Urie. Jonathan Freeman, Douglas Sills, Cheyenne Jackson, Robin De Jesus, Frankie Grande, Sean, Patrick Doyle, Brad Oscar, Nathan, Lee Graham, Seth Rusky, Leah, Daria, Leia, Solana, and Kate McKinnon as Angela LANs Ferry. Lick em, lick those toes. Listen to, does this murder make me look gay? As part of the Outspoken network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


In a world where TikTok didn't exist yet, the comedy of a Mexicano cross borders the Heart of America. Latino and his catch rates are part of our culture. But Sonoro Heart's podcast that will present I'm spar from television debut. Listen to NATO as part of Michael Cultura podcast Network in the on iHeartRadio, apple Podcasts, or wherever you stream podcast.


What's good? It's Colleen Witt. And Eating While Broke is Back for season three, brought to you by The Black Effect Podcast Network and iHeartRadio. We're serving up some real stories and life lessons from people like Van Latton. TMZ was starting a tour. Harvey came and took the tour by July. I'm on TV every day. I endear myself to the audience. He comes in, he goes, we're gonna give you a raise. I think maybe a year or two years after that, I was a producer DC young flag. It wasn't really no way for us to make income off of Vine like that. It was more so notoriety. Once that popped off, it was like people was following it. And I ain't know how big it was. I ain't know people was doing this on they spare time. I was like, don't do that kids, that's bad. It was, it was crazy that it had to be that real and that Harsh Bone Thugs and Harmony. Our mission was, we was telling everybody in the hood, we finna go meet Eazy-E We about to come back and do a video. Of course, we didn't know. So we was lying like a mother. Little Do we know, we speak in reality and we gonna come back with a bus and camera crew And many more. They're sharing the dishes that got them through their struggles and the wisdom they gained along the way. We're cooking up something special. So tune in every Thursday, listen to eating while Broke on the Black Effect Podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by State Farm Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


And I said, no, this, this is how I want it. I remember sitcoms where you didn't need that And. I wanted it to be wholesome. I wanted, but they kept saying, this is streaming. You could say whatever you want. Thanks for letting me know. We're gonna keep it right here. So yeah, I think the flood, the doors opened and it was just whatever, however, do it. Did the label Ever ask you to change at all and say, sound more like this or do this more or wear less Clothes. Yeah. Our way less clothes. Exactly. Get sexy. Never, because we were too early. They didn't know what to tell us to do. And, and it worked. You know. And it wasn't until a whole new thing came in, which it had to You know growth is is what happens.


But I do remember doing a photo shoot, And I must have been about 21. And. I was ready to think I was a little sexy, was something tight on. And Sylvia saw the photo shoot and she called me and she said, what is this? I was like, oh, well I'm, I'm growing up. She said, no, you're not. You are gonna stay as young as possible for as long as possible. Put your jeans on and get out in the street and take a photo and show your youth. And that was the cover of Act like You know. So we did a whole new shoot and You know, I thank her for that. You still speak To Sylvia Now?


I do. Does it did, did it bother you watching all of your personal stuff play out so much on social media or just online? Like, oh, m see like got a divorce and this that. Right. I don't know that it bothered me so much. I just love having the opportunity to get 'em told. So at that point, you've said whatever you wanna say, I get to say whatever I wanna say, which was You know really difficult back in the day to be able to give your opinion very straightforward. We had no platform that we could technically use. And so yeah, say what you want and then I'll say what I want. Really. So like, they wouldn't like say something like this happened back in the day.


They wouldn't set up an interview with you on radio or magazine or, I I remember those headlines like such and such in my own, in their own words. Right. You know what I mean? Right, right. Possibly. But then it would be some back and forth and you'd have to, now you can just write what you wanna write, put it up and people can have it. So when, when the whole divorce thing happened, I just saw all of this stuff that says he was trying to get this or she got to keep her. It's not, she got to keep, he was never trying to do that. We had a prenup. He's got his own stuff that I'm sure he was happy that I didn't want any part of it.


And so we made an agreement very early on that we'd have a prenup and that would be it. So I didn't, I just didn't like the turn that they were taking. But it's not like I didn't expect it anything to get a click. You know, people will say. So I just was happy that I was able to set the record straight. How, how challenging have it been for you You know, if at all, to, to to constantly have people assume you were gay? And I. Remember when they announced you were divorced? Everybody's like, well, I thought, right? Yeah, I remember just hilarious. See, I think she posted something that was like, what? And in the news, You know and You know to me it is just when I said, people will say that you like something before you even know what you like You know.


And my biggest thing with the young, with the younger generation is don't be so prepared to put yourself in a box. You're learning. You are You know. Life is what it is. Coming outta teens into your twenties, you're seeing things I had to learn much later on in life. Everything you think doesn't need to happen, Right. It can be a thought and stay there. Everything that you see other people do doesn't have to be the life for you. And You know, growing up as a, an only child, things are impressionable.


It's like, oh, okay. That must be the, okay, wait a minute. Hold on. Okay, we not doing that no more. Okay. And so for me to be able to choose my life for myself is extremely important. So did it bother me perhaps in the beginning, but then it just became, oh, okay, well that's that's how you wanna feel. That's great. And that's not saying that those types of things didn't happen in my life, but that's not all, that's not all of who I am. And so, Oh, so the rumors did stem from somewhere, but that Yeah. I mean Okay. Got you. I mean right. You experimented basically got you got you got. When you're young, especially in this business, it's like, okay, you, you think it, okay, let's make that happen.


Oh, now you about to open up the Illuminati conspiracy theories. Well, Well the sad part about it is many people get stuck there, right? And so they're stuck with what it is that other people want them to be or are comfortable with them being. You can't possibly look like that and want to do that. Or you can't, you can't possibly look like that and want to be with a man or find men attractive or me getting married, first off, I'm way more traditional than anybody would ever assume. So me getting married was because I believe in the sanctity of marriage of partnership and it not working was devastating for me.


But it also called to action, me being responsible for the way that I speak, for the way that I behave and being accountable for someone else's feelings. And so now they say, you call in who it is that you are, I'm a much better person. So who I have called in is a reflection of that And. I love him. And so are we in a hurry to get married? No, he's been married in divorce. I've been married in divorce. So being married isn't exactly the thing that we're all jumping in to, to be in once you've experienced it.


But it is something that we're working towards. And he's so totally different from a roughneck. I would hope so. I see him, Yes. When my family You know met him, it's like, oh my God. And he's really ray of sunshine and so different from any type that I've ever been with. And so I had to learn that. That's okay. You know he's from Philly, so he's got the swag. Does it necessarily show No, but You know what, I love everything that's happening on the inside.


And he feels the same way about me. So many men would be like, oh, well I've heard this and You know, I'm not sure. And, but he can get past all of that and see who I am and just love me for who, who I am. Which is the Most important You know, I I was gonna ask too, like when y'all, because I feel like all of y'all were so blessed to find your tribe early. Like it feel like you and Queen, Latifah and Jada, all y'all found each other very, very early. When somebody like Jada is writing a book, does she call you and say, okay, like, I'm going to share these stories. Yep. I'm gonna talk about this, I'm gonna talk about that. So I want you to know that this is out there. Okay. That's what sisterhood is. Mm. Right, right. And that's why we're friends because had a book came out, And I was in it and she had said nothing.


I'd be like, okay, what, what's up? Oh, I didn't get a chance. No, we don't, we don't have those, those discrepancies where for, for some reason something happens in the other one. If, if her name comes up in an interview, yo, check this out. I was at the such and such and this came up and this is what I said, I don't want you You know. I don't want it to come to you any other kind of way. We take care. And in these types of friendships, you gotta take care because there are so many areas where people are careless that if we're gonna depend on one another in a true friendship, you gotta take care of it.


Because in the book she addresses rumors of y'all being together. And I'm like, well what if people don't know that? Oh. And now, and now when light of somebody does an interview, they gonna ask that question. Well, I think the point is it never was. It never was. Yeah. Right. So she can bring that up. It'll not be an issue at all. And for her, I guess it was important, maybe people addressed her with that more than they did with me because I I've never been approached with is that You know. So yeah, I'm happy for her that she was able to get all of what it was that she was feeling out in the book and, and also celebrate our friendship You know.


And because it is true that we have a sisterhood, if it only feels right that it would be reflected and spoken about in the book, and if that were removed, it would, it would sort of be like, really don't, don't we have a friendship? Not that I needed to be in the book, but when you're evaluating truth and what is, I would expect that it would be there. Oh yeah, you were, and the book, she speaks so highly of you, like you were one of her pillars in her life. Yeah. Yeah. How important is it to have those people in this business? They, it's not many.


So it's, it's extremely important. Someone that's gonna understand. And the, and the truth is too, with Jay J, when we talk and there, there's a few friends that I have that are like this. We can go from topic to topic without an announcement that the topic is about to change. Some people are razzle dazzled be like, oh, what are we talking about now? What's the next thing? Keep up. Keep up. You know. So we're able to, to converse about so many topics from here to there. Nothing is too trivial. Nothing is too high brow. And that's what you want. And I have a lot of Virgo friends. You know, by the way, that and, And there's nothing wrong with a good Virgo.


Yeah. Nothing wrong with a good Virgo. My man is a Virgo as well, so, Oh, I'm sorry. Virgo men is rough. Watch Your mouth. You think so? Ah, man. Watch my, he's had a couple that done him dirty, but that's just the ones he Picks. Oh, is that right? Don't say it like that, Lord, that mercy. It is one you pick. Now you got a new children's book coming out with Van. Van Am My Hand. Oh yeah, yeah. We'll, we'll say that 'cause we're coming at the end of the year. Got So you're coming back with that? Well, sure. But Van, van is such a, Is she signing You? She's so special. Yeah, she's with our management firm. Okay. She's so special. You know sometimes talking with her, I'll forget. Matter of fact, we, we had lunch with them not too long ago and there was something that was written and she said, what is that?


And I said it. And she said, what is that word? And I said And. I said, do You know what that means? She says, no. And then I tell her what it means. And it just dawned on me that she doesn't read because she's just entering into kindergarten. Oh Wow. Well, she's five years old, right? Yes. Well, she has full on conversations with you. Well, who's handling her contracts? Oh, I need, Let me tell you. She is so on top of her game. I'm so excited about her career and her life and what's ahead of her. And it's, it's really a blessing to be involved with her career at this stage.


And her family are so loving and they're both educators and You know. When I look back at MCs and who have had parents as educators, there's so many of us from Heavy to Law to Common. And Kanye And I, it is quite a bit of us. So I think she's got so much going for her. I'm excited. And What is Sunny Girl Inc. That is the management and production firm that we have. Got You. Dr. Lynn Richardson. And I. Matter of fact, sunny Girl was just loan out company in the beginning. And it wasn't until she came on as COO and asked me what did I wanna do.


And I said, I wanna make this a full fledged management company. And she said, okay. And so we've worked at it and it's one of my proudest moments to be involved with the career of others. Has the mc life story been properly told yet? No. Do you want to tell it? Sure. Do what? Do what form? I've had some documentarians You know we've taken meetings and stuff like that. So I think when the right person is there, I think it'll all kind of flow. Westbrook is looking at doing the scripted version, so I don't know what might come first.


Are you performing this weekend? I'm performing this weekend on Saturday. We've moved the show. Is this weather? This weather? This weather's nasty when you came back to New York. It's disgusting. See, You got your Tims on. I did. I do. Yeah. I did have a really great day yesterday. Oh, yesterday the sun was out for a little bit, but in any case, we're gonna be a Coney Island amphitheater, so I'm excited. We got some folks in the house, the God Rakim that's coming through, and Treach and Lola Brook is going to show up. We had a chance to meet maybe a year ago. I think so. So tiny, isn't she? Yeah. She's so smart. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And then we've got, oh, EPMD is coming in.


We've got a couple of surprises as well. So I'm excited to be in New York, specifically bk. Okay. Who, who bows you? Like when, like when you walked in the room? I, I literally bowed to you. Like who, who, who, who makes you feel like that? Who bows to me? No, No. I said I bow to you when you walked in the room. Oh. But who makes you feel that Way? Like, I wanna bow. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Always rock him. God, he's so, he's so who he says he is, which I can appreciate KRS One Will.


Yeah. Will and Will and Jada have been so supportive of my career. And I. Remember there was a time, like after the divorce, I would talk to Will and he was like, light, just, just keep being that well of goodness. Just keep being that well of goodness. And then I'd say, oh shit. What, what am I going to do? What am I gonna do next? He was like, just sit in silence. It's gonna come to you. Just, just keep evolving into the best you that you can be.


And You know, not too long after that, I got this, the sitcom in the middle of the pandemic. Wow. And I just was like, God, You know God is showing up, but they have definitely been there to remind me of who I am and, and the power that I hold. Let Some off the album. Let's play something off the album. What you wanna hear? King, king. King. King. King. King, king. Alright. Featuring Queen Latifah new album. We appreciate you. We love you. Thank you. We value you and we appreciate you Mc Light. You are an icon. You are one of the reasons that we even sitting in this studio because of Right.


The foundation that people, people like You lay. So thank you fellas. Appreciate. Thank you. Appreciate the new album. 1 0 1 comes out in September. Yes. And make sure you go pick it up. And thank you again. Thank you. It's The Breakfast Club. It's Mc l. Wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your horizons. Hit play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast S Sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex, cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts. S Sniffy Cruising Confessions. S Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to Sniffy Cruising Confessions sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday.


For 10 years, I've been obsessed with one of the most bizarre and audacious cons in rock and roll history. We were all facing 20 years and all that good stuff. The lead singer tried to pull off an English accent and they went on the road as the zombies. These guys are not gonna get away with it. The zombies are too popular. Listen to the true story of the fake zombies on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Guess what Will, what's that? Mango? I've been trying to write a promo for our podcast, Part-Time Genius. But even though we've done over 250 episodes, we don't really talk about murders or cults. I mean, we did just cover the Illuminati of cheese. So I feel like that makes us pretty edgy. We also solve mysteries like how Chinese is your Chinese food and how do dollar stores make money? And then of course, can you game a dog show? So what you're saying is everyone should be listening. Listen to Part-Time Genius on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome to the Cino Show. I'm your host, Cino McFarland. I'm an addiction specialist. I'm a coach, I'm a translator, and I'm God's middleman. My job is to crack hearts and let the light in and help everyone shift the narrative. I wanna help you wake up And I, wanna help you get free. Most importantly, I don't want you to feel alone. Listen to the Cino show every Wednesday on iHeart radio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wanna know how to leverage culture to build a successful business and butter nos of the podcast for you. I'm your host, Brandon Butler, founder and CEO of butter, a TL And on butter nos. We go deep with today's most influential entrepreneurs, innovators, and business leaders to peel back the layers on how they use culture as a driving force in their business. Omics will give you what you need to take your game to the next level. Listen to Omics on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.