
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company.


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts, but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I don't care if you wanna get your people's laptops, gaming screens, whatever it is they need. Amazon. Got it. Amazon last minute deals are here. Shop last minute deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required. Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


You Could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke Break.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. She's been all over the news the last couple of days. Ladies and gentlemen. Clarissa Shields. I kidding, I just kidding, I'm just kidding. She's actually playing. Clarissa Shields and the new film, The Fire Inside, which comes out Christmas Day ladies and gentlemen, we have Ryan Destiny. Welcome. Good morning. Good morning. How you feeling? I'm feeling good. It's a early morning. I'm on LA time, so it's really early. Oh, okay. Is it hard to get up and do press A A little bit. Okay. Sometimes if the, if the timing is, is weird like that just because I'm used to a different time zone.


But other than that I'm good. How Long ago did y'all film The Fire Inside? That Was in 2022. Okay. Wow. We started to film in 2020 right before the pandemic, but then we got shut down and then all that stuff, the riders Strike as well with 2022. Oh, okay. So we popped back in 2022. The, Were you boxing? Oh, I'm sorry. Were you a boxer? Were you a boxer or were you training? Did you, so you had to learn boxing? Yes. How difficult was that? Because I seen the preview. Yeah. And I'm like, Jesus, you it's, And when Clarissa was here, she said that was the thing that that had to be on point the most of boxing. Absolutely. Yeah. It was very nerve wracking. But it was, it was a lot. I think just because I wasn't a boxer or just an athlete in general, like that wasn't my thing, but, but I think it was, it was good because I was a little scared and that that helped just me go for it even more, You know?


And I trained for months with my boxing coach. And did you have to spa? He was like textbook boxing coach. I sparred a little, but also we had the studio being like, don't hurt her. So it was also just them not wanting me to actually get hurt. But So you think you got hands in real life or just on your friends? I don, everyone keeps asking me that. I really don't know y'all. I feel, feel until you Get into a fight. Yeah. Like, well, I mean you Clarissa now, so in new Right, Remy might run down on you. Poof. I Feel like everything will just like disappear if I actually have to get into a fight. Yeah. So I don't know. We'll see. Meaning Disappear like you would, well no, we'll not see. Like you would run or you, or you would just get in a Like I just feel like you go blank.


Yeah. Like, You know, like I don't because it's Just that there's a role to you. This is not what you want to do. You don't wanna Box. Yeah. Yeah. Like if it's on camera for sure. But outside of that, I don't know. I don't, I don't do this. Have you ever been in a fight in real life? No. Never. No, never. And that was one of the first things Clarissa asked me. She was like, have you ever been in a real fight? I'm like, girl, no, absolutely not. That's not me. And that scared her a little bit at first, but after she actually saw it, she cried all the, all the things and was really happy. So how did you get That? Did you, you auditioned for that or they just picked You? Oh my god, no. Okay. It was an audition process like anything else. And they saw so many people And I knew it was gonna be con competitive just because the story itself is incredible.


And also the people behind it are really great. So yeah, it was just like the regular, regular thing. And I didn't think I was gonna get it when I went into it, which I think helped. 'cause I didn't overthink everything. Yeah. You know how I usually do. So Was it tough way to prepare for the role mentally, physically, or emotionally? Because if You know anything about Clarissa's life, she had a very, very, very rough one. Yeah. So mentally, physically, or emotionally, what was It? Was all of it. Wow. It was all very, very new and different for me. And just a challenge across the board, which I liked. You know, I wanted that. I wanted something that would push me and You know, do something that I've never done before. Have people see me in a different light. That was something that was very important to me.


But mentally I think that was something that I had to really hone down on because having the confidence of an athlete is just a whole nother beast that I don't think a lot of people think about. And then having the confidence of a boxer is another level, You know? So I just wanted to make sure I could grasp that because she's just super human to me, You know? So yeah, all of the things were, were very, very difficult mentally. I think that was probably the most, if I had to choose. So how Was, okay, I was gonna say, how was Clarissa during the, the filming? 'cause she's very intense. Yeah. And when she was up here, she, You know, she talked about how she wanted to be perfect like her life, right?


So how was she when, You know, was she easy to talk to and say, well, how was your life during this? Yeah, She was very easy to talk to and she was a really open book with me, which I appreciated a lot. There's also a documentary about her life That's incredible. And it was like my notebook, my bible on set. You know, I, I referred back to that so many times and it was so helpful because it's just so raw and it's a front row seat into how she is with her family, her friends with her coach Jason. And it was so great to pick up on those things. 'cause it's one thing to talk to her as she is now and how old she is now, but she was kind of a different person too, a little bit at 16, 17, You know, so to have that was something that I definitely went back to and, and was really helpful for me.


Was she on set a lot? No, no. It was also still pandemic times, but she was also training, I think in that time also in another country. So it was, it was a lot of things happening, but no, she didn't actually go. How tough was it to release the, the, the spirit of Claressa Shields, so to speak? Mm. Not too tough. I think it's still in me a little bit, but, You know, in a good way. You know, I think I've walked away from these, from this experiment with just a new confidence in myself that I don't think I had when I entered it. Mm. You know? And I, And I think that I have heard a thank for that, You know, she is somebody that really speaks life into you and also speaks life into herself.


And I thought that that was something that I needed, You know, to, to, to have and to take. And I think that that's stayed with me and stuck with me, which I'm, I'm really happy about. So Now I've seen the preview during, I think it was Wicked or Gladiator too. Probably both of them probably. So it said Christmas Day, right. And I was excited for the preview. I mean the preview was a long preview. I thought it was dope. Yeah. But Christmas Day, does that worry or make you nervous or scare you in this industry? Because I'm like, Christmas is the time where families are together. They're at the house. Yeah. And to come out on Christmas Day has to be like, I was like, why Christmas Day? Apparently it's a good thing. It is a good day if you, if you go to the studios, that's like a prime day for them. And I think it's also just because a lot of families don't have much to do and the theaters are open and, You know, everybody takes their family and, and like goes and has a good time.


So I'm excited about it. I'm hoping that a lot of people do do that because it is something that I think is for everyone in all ages. So everyone literally can go. So I'm hoping that that happens. You know, I, I I think it's such an incredible story that needs really to be heard and supported. So I'm everyone go out. Yeah. I'm gonna see it on Christmas Day. You, because I got four daughters. So it's like, once you open the gifts and everything, you yeah. You ain't doing them. But laying around, nothing else to dos, eat Food. So that's a good day. What, what is it, 'cause I know you love music too, you are a singer. What, what do you like most? Acting or singing? I can't choose. No, I really cannot choose. I really love both and they both have a sense of freedom that I really appreciate.


And just the creativity that I get to have with both of them and, and being able to push myself. It's very different. They're in two different worlds in my mind, but I really do appreciate both. So hopefully if I'm blessed enough to be able to continue to do both, I would, I would love to do that. So we'll see. Yeah, Because you got, you got into music 'cause of your dad, right? My dad is a singer. Yeah. And he started when I was, You know, I mean he started way before I was born, but I was in the studio with him when I was a baby and all those things. So he definitely inspired me. I don't remember the group he was in. And I, I'm, I'm old. I was born in 1,978. Okay. I don't remember guess I'm not that old. You remember guests?


I don't, I don't remember guests. What was their song? You gotta, you gotta look up guests. They had a song called Shoe Be and A good, a few good other ones too, but You know, they didn't like have a big, big moment, You know? Okay. Yes. It was also, I think he started at Warner Bros. And then went to Death Row and that's just a weird transition too. And when, I think that was like their first time signing singers, I think Death Row that went to Death row. Yeah. Okay. And I think it was right before, it was right before everything happened with Tupac and Biggie, so it was not the greatest timing. Oh. Put out RB music during that time, I'm sure. Yeah. And things kind of went a little left with Suge and everything, but it was, it was a great, great great group and he's so, so talented and he's still singing and doing his thing today, so I'm proud of him.


Did he want you in the industry? I think he just always supported it, You know, and he saw something in me and him and my mom just always uplifted me and, and been there and there to protect me too because they also can see how crazy it can get, You know? So they were always in my corner and always, always there. What's the guidance they've, they've provided as far as this industry wise? Like what, what's some of the best advice given you? I don't know if there's something in particular. I think it's just me making sure I'm protecting myself, You know? And, and watching out for myself in these rooms and especially within the music industry, it can just get a little shaky. It's, it's a lot better I think now 'cause there's a lot more awareness around the, the weirdos that are out there, The freak offs, the, the freak offs.


Yeah. It's a lot, it's a lot different now. People are, people are checking it out and, and seeing what, what's wrong with it. So, but before, You know, people could get away with a lot more things. So I definitely made sure that I didn't put myself in any sort of position and knew when to walk away from something as well. So. Yeah. And how are you and Keith, I know y'all were, y'all were dating and then it was rumors regulating that y'all broke up 'cause y'all took down each other's pictures and things and We love y'all. We love y'all. So what is the status with that now? We're really good. We're great. Yeah. And we support each other so, so much in, in what we're doing and You know, the industry is just crazy. So it's nice to separate the two, You know, so, so I was just a little bump in the road to show.


Yeah, Exactly. Yeah. Now 'cause we get scared of stuff like that. We love y'all, so thank you. And I mean we as in like, not them. Yeah. We the girls, yes. People my age because they little Old. Yeah. I don't even know what you're talking about. Yeah, that's why it was my question. Okay, thank you. How much has your life changed over the last five or six years though? Like, You know, with the success you had with Star, like, and, and You know, every, everybody wants to star a movie. We'll talk about that in a second. Yeah. But how much has your life changed over the last five or six years? It's funny 'cause I mean, I started the process of the movie five years ago, so it's just been, it's just been a lot of ebb and flows. I think, You know, the pandemic has changed the industry a lot and it's changed the way that I have seen myself in it and having to maneuver how I, how I go about things, if that makes sense.


So it's definitely something that I, I've grown from and I'm starting to just realize what's most important And I have to remind myself of that a lot just because I think you can get caught up in just all of the noise and, and what you should be getting or what you haven't gotten yet. And so I think I'm just trying to go with my gut and continue to do things that I'm really proud of because with this project is probably the most proud that I've been of something And I really want to continue to feel that way. So I'm just letting that sort of guide me more than anything else. What does success look like for you in this business? I think it's kind of like what I just said. I really want to feel like I continue to do things that really matter and have an important message, You know?


And it doesn't have to always be so heavy, but I definitely want to represent for a lot of girls, a lot of black women. And hopefully if I can, You know, be a part of projects that have a great narrative behind it and, and, and put us in a great light, then I'd be very, very happy and hopefully, You know, that can continue to happen. But I think success varies and if I'm happy And I get to a a point where I feel a bit more at peace with everything in a way, You know, I'm also very aware of accepting the fact that things won't always be just positive and great all the time.


And I think, You know, getting more and more into that, that place is something that I think is successful in itself. So Did you, did you hear when Clarissa was up here, when she was saying at first she didn't think you were good for the part, but then after I guess meeting with you and seeing, she was like, oh, you were the only person that can play that part. Yeah. So how did you feel when you heard her say that? I mean, I heard it before, You know, she, she was very vocal with me when we first started talking. She thought, She told you like, I don't want you to play me, Couldn't say nothing. She was gonna catch some hands. That's crazy. She was just like, well she's really pretty, You know, didn't really know what else could, You know, come from that. And I respected it, You know, there's not like, there's this, You know, big amount of work that I have out there that showcases that side of me.


This is the first of that. So I understood it And I knew that I was just gonna work, work just really, really hard on, on making sure that I, I executed it, You know, to the best of my ability. And hopefully I did that. And her crying solidified that she approved. So I, I think that I'm very, very happy with it all now. But was she closed Off at first though? Was she closed off? Like I really don't want her playing it and then it kind of, she kind of broke down and was like, oh she really is dope. I mean maybe, maybe two Rachel our director or maybe Barry. I don't know. I don't know who she was. You know, vocal about that.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola company.


What does it feel like to get the new iPhone 16 pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first pick up those tongs and you're now the one running the grill, it's indescribable like something you've never felt before. All the mouthwatering anticipation of new possibilities, whether it's making a perfect cheeseburger or treating your family to a grilled baked potato, which You know will forever change the way you look at potatoes with at t. Next up, anytime you can feel this way again and again. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 pro with Apple intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime at and t connecting changes everything. Apple intelligence coming fall 2024 with Siri and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime feature may be discontinued at any time subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone four details.


The holidays are here and it's that time of year to think about yes gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. The reason I love this so much is because it is the holidays and there's things that I've had family members and friends ask me for throughout the year that I simply would not give them the money to get, but I will get them the actual items. So whether it's laptops, hair steamers, dining sets, makeup, better wigs for Lauren LaRosa, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. Amazon last minute deals are here. Shop last minute deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


The World is constantly changing. If's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple called play in a panoramic moon. Moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com


really All the way to, but she definitely, like I said, she asked me if I could fight And I knew that scared her when I said no. So, But did it scare you when she asked you that? Like why is she just randomly asking? I mean, no, it was, you can fight. No, it was fair. You know, this is her life, this is her life story. So I, I really, I understood the caution, You know, so I didn't take offense to it, but it definitely put some pressure on me. I was like, if she don't like this, it's gonna be real, real awkward. So I knew that it was, it was important. Did You know you trained before y'all started filming? Like how long did y'all train before y'all even turned the Camera on? So it was a little split up. I, I did three or four months the first time and then when we shut down I had to do it all over again for three or four more months.


So all in all, it was like six, seven months I think in total, which I, I appreciate looking back on. 'cause before it felt like everything was crashing down when, You know the pandemic happened. But I think that time really helped And I, I went into weight training the second go round too and it just, it just made me even more sharp I think. So it was good for me. Did The delays help or hurt? Did the What? Did the delays help or hurt the film? I think it helped. Okay. It helped like in so, so many ways. Even with Brian, he came in the second go round and Brian, Ty Henry. Yes. Paperboy from Atlanta. Yeah. Yeah. He's so incredible and I'm just so thankful that he wanted to do this as well.


And he really was someone that was just amazing to work with and like a brother to me now. So I love him And I think that we really hit it off as soon as we met And I think it shows on the screen, which is really good. And yeah, I'm excited for people to see that. Ryan, do you feel like you get your just due as a young black woman in entertainment? 'cause you've been, you've been working for a while Yeah. And you are one of them. Oh, thank you. You know what I'm saying? So do you, do you ever feel like that, that you get your, your dress due? I mean I also feel like, You know, I still have so much to do, so it's a little weird. I go back and forth between, You know, wanting people to, I guess see me and, and see the work that I've done, but also I have an understanding of how there's been so many other people, You know, that have worked even longer than me and still haven't gotten there.


So it's, it's a little bit back and forth for me, You know, And I just am, I guess in the head space of when it's time, it's time. When it's your time for people to, to see you. They will. So I'm hoping with this film in particular, because it speaks to that a lot. Yeah. I think with Claressa herself and, and not getting her respect and just do and not getting her flowers when she should have Yeah. Back in 2012. So I think that it's a reflection of that and I'm hoping that a lot of people and our people do go out to the theaters to see. Yeah. 'cause I think that it just would mean so, so much, You know? And I don't know if people truly understand how important even that is, You know, and showing up because it just, you got to, it really, really does so, so much, You know, and for the people in the industry to see like, oh, people really do wanna see stories like this, You know, it just, These stories don't get made if we don't spend the money at the box office.


Right. They really don't. So I'm hoping people understand the gravity of that. So it's a little bit of always a balance between knowing that I have a lot more to go and a lot more to show. Yeah. So You said something earlier that made me think you, you said, I can't remember how you worded it, but you're not, you're not at peace with where you are. I think it's just always a, a battle a little bit with knowing that I want to do more, You know, so knowing that I haven't hit the spaces that I want to yet, it's just kind of always feeling like, okay, I I, I gotta work harder And I gotta do more and after this project I gotta do this one and this one to just show people.


So I think that's what I mean. And not exactly at peace, but learning to be and learning to I guess go with the flows of everything. And, and not to put too, too much pressure on myself is something that I wanna get to. Now do you you feel that way because you're looking at everybody else? Or is that just something like inner for you? Because a lot of times people you can look at, you can measure your, your success where you are Yeah. Based on what you see others doing around you. Yeah, yeah. It's probably a combination. I think naturally you do compare yourself a little bit, but it's also when you see the potential that you have and you believe in yourself and know where you could go is it's something that I think I pay attention to a lot.


I, I know, I know what I'm capable of. And even with this project in particular, there's a lot of people that didn't see it for me, You know, You know, and probably wouldn't have even casted me if it were in different hands. So I think it's just stuff like that where I know what I can do And I know what I'm capable of. So I do want to continue to push myself to, to those points, but also not get too caught up in, in looking at who's next to me and, and where they they're at. So I think it's always a combo because They probably looking at you like, damn Ryan got a movie coming out Christmas Day. I know, I Know. I went to go see Wicked, I went to go see this film And I keep seeing the trailer. Damn. I need that look right There.


Yeah, I know, I know the rarity of it and I'm, I'm super thankful for this time because even after the pandemic, I, I didn't think, I didn't think it would be as possible for me anymore to get a movie out in the theaters, You know, because streaming hit an all time high during that time and I'm like, oh man, You know, that's every actor's dream is to, to have a movie at the theater. So things like that, I definitely, I I just put into perspective 'cause I know how much of a blessing it is and, And I'm just really grateful and thankful to be able to even say that. Charlamagne, you asked about Star, that's what you asked Me. Yeah. Hopefully we get a Star movie. A Star movie. So is that in the works? Y'all looking at me like I have answers.


I really don't know. Okay. You know, Lee Daniels is always bringing it up, bringing it up to us and, and different things that he has going on, but he has so many things going on all the time. Yeah. And I don't know, I, I really, I wish I had a better answer for everybody, but I don't Because we not okay with just it ending like that. Like it gotta be It did end very abruptly. I agree. Yeah, it was very weird. Yeah. So I get it. My last question, so who, who plays papoose in the movie? Oh Yeah. You are stupid. Okay, nevermind. I don't even know. I honestly, I don't even know what's going on. I just woke up Better get outta C about 24.


If I can't get to csa, I'm gonna get, All we did was wake up too and it was right there. It was Right thing. And You know what, I'm hoping that a lot of people, 'cause a lot of these blogs and everything have really picked this up, but I really hope they pick up the fact that she has an entire movie about her life. Oh yeah. This is, is going to feel that She, she's doing the right, I see Clarissa doing the right thing now. 'cause all she's doing is promoting the movie. Right. Okay. Period. As she should. She knows. And I, I even hit her this morning And I told her, I said, you don't, don't, don't get distracted. Like, You know, you got a movie coming out on Christmas Day and, and a lot of times when you go into that next level, you'll start seeing all of these distractions the devil start really playing with you in those moments. Absolutely. Yeah. I'm glad you, I'm glad you texted her to that. That was Good. Are you, are you concerned with any of the current drama, like overshadowing the movie?


Mm, no. Not at all. Especially 'cause I know things blow over, You know, fairly quickly with the internet, it's always onto the next thing. But I know Christmas Day it'll be a really big time And I know the more and more people go see it, the more they'll talk about that, I think. And, and how inspiring it is in itself. So that's, I can't wait to see it. My last question, is there more pressure playing a role of an actual person versus playing a character? Absolutely. Especially when they're still alive, You know, it's just like so, so much because then people also have things to compare it to and they're like, if you don't get it, they're like, well, she didn't do this and she didn't do that.


So yeah, there's, there's a lot more pressure. But more than anything, I wanted her seal of approval and that, that came with a lot of pressure as well. You know, when it's other people that aren't on the earth anymore, they can't really say, Say, You know, come back and be like, you did Wrong. You know? Like, you did it, you did it horribly. Ryan, that is so funny at Day. Yeah, it's so that's scary. So I was definitely, I was scared at first for sure for her to see it. 'cause I thought about her every single day on set. And so, yeah, like I said, when I, when I saw the video, there's a video of her reaction to it and she was so happy with the boxing dope and so happy with That's dope. The story. That's dope. And she literally cries every time she sees it now.


And I just, I couldn't ask for, for more. That's all I wanted. So, So you're saying the next person biopic that you play gotta be dead. Yeah. You Hope you gotta be dead. What? Saying, I mean, they don't have To be, I Don wish that I don't want That. You just prefer, you just prefer that today. You mess up a line like, woo, I'm glad she did. Okay. Jesus Christ. Well, The Fire Inside is, I'm coming out Christmas Day. Make sure you go see it. It's, it's, I mean the previews look amazing. Like I said, it, I seen Gladiator too, And I seen Wicked and it was the preview for, and it was just dope. My kids were super duper excited. I'm gonna see you the day after Christmas. Christmas, okay. My whole family come over, so we ain't going nowhere.


I'm go on Christmas day because I'm going country Christmas going And I'm a huge Teresa Shields fan, so Me too. I gotta watch the documentary on Netflix. Like I'm, I'm really into what she does. So that's, Well you guys gotta let me know how you feel about it. Absolute please, Lisa Girl. Well, it's Ryan Destiny, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake That ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I don't care if you wanna get your people's laptops, gaming screens, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. Amazon Last minute deals are here. Shop last minute deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


Be merry, be bright, be loved. This holiday season with sparkling holiday gifts from Pandora jewelry, bring the sparkle to Black Friday with Pandora jewelry from November 16th through December 3rd. Received 30% off storewide, handpicked, and ready to wrap. Wear and love select from a wide range of possibilities for personalization. From festive charms with vibrant pops of color, shimmering rings and earrings designed to dazzle, to radiant bracelets and necklaces shining in a mix of luminous metals. Pandora has something special for everyone on your holiday list. Shop Pandora jewelry today and save 30% off some exclusions. Apply.