
This is an iHeartPodcasts.


If you are not watching BMF on Stars, you are seriously missing out from executive producer Curtis 50 cent Jackson. The new season is here and Meech and Terry are leveling up. They're expanding their empire, launching a music label, and even hitting the 1995 source awards. Oh, and did I mention Lamar is back. BMF is where drama hustle and hip hop collide. The drama top tier, the stakes higher than ever. This is the season everyone's going to be talking about. Watch the season premiere of BMF now only on Stars. And the Stars app.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing Massy seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, Moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional. Features


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Baseball fans, the season's in full swing. The action is heating up across the league and now's the time to get in on it. All right, now check out DraftKings Pick six. The exciting new way to play daily fantasy sports. All new customers who play just $5 will score $50 in bonus picks. All right, perfect. Riding the highs of every Homer heater and walk off win. All you gotta do is download the DraftKings Pick six app now and sign up with code TBC to claim your offer only on DraftKings Pick six. Getting started is simple. Just download the DraftKings Pick six app and sign up with code TBC. Pickett leaves two players and choose that they'll have more or less of a stat like will a player score more than 2.5 runs or throw less than 6.5 strikeouts? Lock 'em in and compete against others for a shot at huge cash prizes. All right, so all you gotta do, download the DraftKings pick six app now and sign up with code TBC. The crown is yours.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Long LaRosa is here as well. And we got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. The icon. The legend. Taraji P Henson. Welcome back. Thank you. I can't tell that I'm a legend 'cause I'm not on this wall. No, can you get the wall We got so something special for you. It just wasn't done yet. I'm telling you, I Don special. I need to be on the wall. Yep. I Been, it's gonna be bigger than the wall and it's gonna be something that's in the studio. 'cause you know we love you Angie. Love you. Watch you'll see. Watch. Mm. Just watch. Bro's gonna be worth it since You know I've been, I've been told them put you up there. You know what I'm saying? Then what he saying to me soon as I walk ahead, the legend bullshit.


You sound like a Hollywood exec right now. Love legend. But no we, we looking for somebody else. Right. Nobody says that to you no more though. What? That they looking for somebody else. It's just the whole Hollywood of it all. We love her. We love her. Well where is my check bitch? Yeah. One thing I noticed about you and OGs like Mary j Blige. Y'all over it. Y'all over. I can't be. I just, I, you know, the thing is, the older you get, I just can't do the bs. Like just be real with me. That's all. I'm a grown ass girl, a woman. I can take it. Just be real. Don't be blowing smoke like you called. Well how are you feeling? We didn't even ask. How you feeling You're feeling?


How are you feeling? We didn't ask you. I'm feeling great. You feeling? I am feeling amazing to be quite honest because I'm not dealing with nobody's unhealed son or daughter. There you go Too. That's right. Love's right. I can't, you not on your healing journey. I can't help you baby. 'cause I can't take on your trauma while I'm trying to get over mine. Yeah. And you not trying to heal yours. I can't help you. Mm. Yeah. I'm not qualified. So now you loving on yourself. Oh my God. The peace that I found. Like, you know, even somebody asking me to come out, the first question I ask is, is it gonna disturb my peace? That's right. That's right. Because you know, when you're young you just, you gonna have FOMO a little bit.


It's like, I gotta go. And then you find yourself going, why did not, why did I just stay home? You know? No more of those moments. 'cause I'd rather be home with my fat Frenchies. You Know what I always wanted to ask you. Has being a advocate for mental health ever made you feel more exposed than being just a public figure in Hollywood Ma More exposed? Yeah, because you, you tell, you tell more of yourself being a mental health, health advocate. 'cause you probably, if you was just Taraji in Hollywood, who wasn't that you wouldn't have to probably give up so much. That's true. But I kind of always been that. So I wear my heart on my sleeve. So I just, just, I don't know if I feel any different. I'm still looking at this wall, but go ahead. I got Something better. We got Something better. I'm telling you. I wanna ask, where did you get to the point where you don't have to come out for the bs?


Right. It's, it's weird. We just had this conversation the other day where it was like, I got to a place a couple of years ago where I Just say no before it was like, I felt like I had to do it. Yep. I had to show up. I had to go and sometimes things up your piece. But now to the point where if I feel like the energy's gonna be off or I just don't, nah, fuck it. I ain't going. I'm not going. No is my favorite word i's Right. Love saying that word. No. And that's it. I don't owe you explanation. Like when I was with our Forever First Lady Michelle Obama doing her show, she was like, no. It's a complete sentence. And it absolutely is. Yeah. And when did you, when did you get there? What, when, when did it click? Which Barley trip was it? I had the first one. The first one when I went alone.


The first one because that, that refocused me, recentered me. I was, I didn't, I felt outside of myself before I went to Bali. That was a well needed trip. 'cause I was literally losing myself. I didn't even know who I was. The joy. I'm a, I'm the one that brings the life to the party. Yes. You know, all the time. And I become, I was like tight all the time and not happy and complaining a lot. That's just not me. Yeah. Even my team noticed, they were like, is everything okay? You don't, you seem a little, you know, and that's just not in my DNA. Yeah. So I had to unplug and just go away and be with myself and, and in the middle of a rice field.


What made you wanna share that with The World? Because I saw the CN might Happen because I feel like people need to hear that. I think sometimes when they see public figures, they think we have it all together because we've, you know, we've found some money or whatever. You know, people think that money heals and money will bring you more problems than you had when you were broke. I often find myself saying, damn I miss when I was broke and dreaming yo. Because everything seemed possible. Yeah. You know, but then when you, you make it and you, you get behind the Wizard of Oz curtain and it's like, oh, this shit ain't what it seems. Hmm. You here for STRAW? Yes, Girl. Very moving film. Thank you.


You saw It? Yes. Listen, what did you, what did you channel because you, you are healing you in your healing journey. But to put yourself in a role like that, you had to go back. You had to go back. That was a trying day. So the movie was like, it took place one day to deal with all that in a day and to have to embody that much trauma. 'cause I don't wanna give away the ending because you know Right. The in it is gonna fuck you up. What, what did you pull from, did you have to go put yourself back where you were, where you were going through everything? Shoot You some bullshit. Hollywood executives. Hollywood. No, I, I am a single mother.


You know, I moved to Hollywood with my son who was a toddler at the time of $700 in my pocket and just a pocket full of dreams and Jesus. And so I've, you know, humans we all have, can have a moment where we can snap. You know, I think whats what made me different from Janiah is that I've always had a support system. So I have a sister circle where I, they'll talk me off the ledge. You know what Emini here. But have I ever got to the point where I wanted to snap? Yes. That's why I went to Bali. You know what, Emini here. Yeah. So, but she didn't have the resources. She didn't have the support. Right. So all she had was the voices in her head. Yeah. And she literally reached a, her point was she just couldn't take it anymore.


And things just got out of control. And she, god bless her heart, she was just trying to do the best she could with what she had. You know. And I in particular, I am drawn to characters who are voiceless and need a voice because I am such a big personality. I like to breathe light into those characters. 'cause I feel like those characters are real. Yeah. You know, Tyler Perry didn't just pull us out of the sky. These women exist, these people exist and they need to see themselves and they need to know that they're not alone and that people do see them. Does it make you mad when people tell, tell Tyler Perry to stop showing those women on camera? I think that's their, their own traumas trigger.


Mm. Because in the community, black community, we don't deal with it. You know what Emini here. So if you are forced to look at it, often you will be triggered. So the first thing you're gonna wanna say is, I don't wanna see it. But there are people out there that need to see it. He's forcing real conversations in the community. That's why I'll never stop working with him. So for a person that does the work on themselves, the way you do, when you gotta go on a intense emotional journey for a four day shoot, what is your approach to that? Like how do you prepare for like those inevitable Triggers? I have trained, well I think out of necessity, I've trained my instrument. My body is my instrument. Just like, you know, a musician has a guitar, they know how to hit the notes.


I haven't on and off switch. And I think that's because I was a mother very young. And when I would work and come home, I didn't have time to process and deal with the character that I portray. 'cause now it's homework. He gotta eat. I got a size fair project. You know what Emini here. Okay. So I had to turn it off. So I'm just try, I literally, you ask anybody that I've worked with, I could be in the middle of a scene bawling my eyes out and they'll yell, cut. And I'll be like, what a fried chicken. You know what Emini here or I'll I, or I have these games that I play on my iPad to because I have to separate myself from the character. I cannot stay again.


That is, that character's trauma. I can't take that on. Right. I just can't because I have my own shit to deal with. So literally when they yell, cut I'm back to Taraji. Just like that. Is It easier to shoot a, a, a four day movie? 'cause y'all did this movie in four days, right? Or is it more difficult? 'cause you gotta do everything in those four days. It's taxing, but I like it. Especially when the subject matter is so heavy because I don't have to stay in it long. Mm. Like I, you know, that fourth day I was like, oh my God, I gotta go do this again. You know what Emini here, because I, it's not comfortable showing a character's trauma and pain is like showing you some of my trauma and pain and it's healing.


But having to open up those wounds, it's not comfortable. It's not comfortable to be in that. But it is healing. There's a visual reference in the movie. I think what I call it is a visual reference to Annie Lee's Blue Monday painting. Yes. That's exactly It. Okay. So I'm not crazy. No talk. Okay. So even visually showing things like that in a film and it being like that's like, that image is so iconic and you're speaking without speaking when, when that scene happens, when you're looking at a script, is that something that's already there when you and Tyler Perry are discussing or Tyler Perry. Perry came up with that all on his own. Okay. Yeah. You Nailed it. Oh, I know the painting too. Yeah. And I've had Blue Mondays, you know, where I just felt like, shit I don't want to do it today.


I think we all understand that. That's why that painting hits, especially for black women. Mm. How did your advocacy for mental wellness inform your portrayal of Janiah's Psychological Understanding her, her breaking point. Mm. And understanding what it is to just be going through the motions. Barely hanging on by a thread. Like I get that. I understand what that looks like. That's why at the end when they go back you kind of, you like, oh you can see exactly when she snaps. Yep. It's crazy. And I ain't trying to, it is crazy. Crazy. What happened? Crazy. Somebody in the movie said it's more expensive to be Poor.


Oh my God. Can You Elaborate on that? Okay, so prime example, Tyler said when he was homeless, he called his mother and was like, can you send me $20? She said, you need to bring your black ass home because it's gonna cost me $15 just to send you $20. Damn. And I don't think people really understand that. Yeah. I wanted to know, without giving too much away, what's the message in STRAW that you hope sticks with people after the credit roll? So there was women unity. There was so much about it. What, what's that one message that you want people to get and understand? That we should move with Grace at all times? 'cause you never know what somebody's going through.


Never judge a book by its cover. Mm. 'cause you never know what battles a person is are fighting. You just don't, and really see people really don't just throw how you doing and you know. Yeah. Really wait for a response and, and really ask the question to want to know, you know, connect with people. Say, hi, how are you? You know, and really mean it because that could save a human's life. Just that human interaction for, especially for people who feel unseen. Right. I wonder when Tyler even was casting you for that role, did he even know what you had went through? Because if I write a role about somebody getting to their breaking point, knowing somebody already had got one, it feels kind of, Tyler And I are friends.


Okay. Averse. And so we talk all the time about personal things. And so he knows a lot about me. But he said when he started writing he just had to, he was going through his own thing and he had to get it out and on the page. And then he said as he was writing, he saw me and he'll bring me a lot of projects and I'll be like, you know what Tyler, I don't think this is for me. I think this is somebody else's blessing. And then he'll just keep writing. And when he got STRAW he said he, he hit me. He said, I got one for you. And he sent it to me And I read it. I said, this is it. This is the one. So that's kind of how he operate. How do you not fight somebody over Tyler?


How do I not, How do you not fight? Because they attack Tyler a lot. Tyler got security. No Emini here. Not like that. But online because he does so much for people and he's so good to, especially our community. And I think a lot of times people don't see that. And even people that he don't know that he doesn't know. Excuse me. He helps so much. He talks to, he guides, he mentors and you guys are so close. How do you not Just say, you know, sometimes I got blackout On somebody. I don't think because his action speaks louder than the haters because he, this man owns a studio. What you got every raise that I've gotten and how I've, whenever I'm treated the best in this industry is always by him. Every raise that I've gotten has come from a black man, Tyler Perry.


Yeah. He doubled my quote and STRAW four days of work. Which is so important for when you go on to that next, he understands that that man has helped. He does so much for somebody that we don't even know 'cause he's not even talking about it. Right. Yeah. You filmed two movies at the same time. Fight Night and STRAW. Right. Did you find the two characters bleeding into each other? Or Is it not at all? Yeah, totally different. He was the first director to challenge me in that way because I was in the throes of empire when he called with acrimony. And I was like, Tyler, I don't know I being thespian. I don't know if I can get into this character. He was like, girl with your instrument, you can do it.


He was like, you gonna come down here, we gonna shoot it in five. I was like, five days. He said, you can do it. If anybody can do it, Taraji, you can do it. And he challenged me. He knows I love a good challenge. Yeah. That's, I lean into roles that scare the shit out of me because I have to grow in some way or change or be transcended or something. And that's what I want from my audience. And if I'm not doing it as the artist, then how is the audience gonna transform? So I lean into challenges and he knows that about me. 'cause he's a Virgo as well. And so he, now I'm a pro at it because of Tyler. Mm. Yeah. So when he called this time, I didn't even think about it. I was like, great. Four days in and out. Okay, let's go. Yeah. You think the industry is finally catching up to your range?


Are you still underestimated in, in certain rooms Just as an actress? No, I think they get it. I think I'm at the, a really particular point in my, a special place in my career where I've done so much that I can't just do anything anymore. Because y'all will be like, why does she do that? You know what Emini here. And so, you know, it's just looking for that right material and they, it doesn't come like that so that my fans are frustrated. 'cause I'll post a pretty picture and they're like, that's cute when your next movie coming out. Right, right, right. It's like I have to be very particular about what I'm choosing now. And some of this stuff doesn't exist And I have to create it.


And so that takes a little longer. What age were you when you did Empire? I, that was 10 years. It was, I was 45. It was 2015. The reason why I asked you that is because I saw your interview where you talked about you were overseas and how people received you overseas and you, you realized then how big like us overseas were. Yeah. Like that whole thing. And I'm wondering right now in your career, you just said you can't do anything and the you get into these different levels. So early in your career, even though you've been our Taraji forever, what are new experiences that you're having just in your celebrity life at where you are right now in your career that we might've thought that you've already experienced before? I don't know. I guess for me it's always because I, people always go, do you not know who you are?


Like I went to the, I still like to go to the grocery store, buy my own damn produce. Yeah. Like by empire you were iconic to us already. I, I, okay, thank you. But you know, after so many years of being told by the industry, oh no one knows you overseas. And then I get overseas and they're like, did peace pizza? That still throws me like, I just came back from Cannes and it's the age range for me. It's like the grandma all the way down sometimes to the great grandchildren and I'm leaving kind of, And I forget, you know, I'm overseas. I'm like, don't nobody know me. And I, all of a sudden I get,


If you are not watching BMF on Stars, you're seriously missing out from executive producer Curtis 50 cent Jackson, the highly anticipated news season is here and Meech and Terry are leveling up. They're expanding their empire, launching a music label and making major moves in hip hop culture. Even hitting the 1995 source awards. Oh, and did I mention Lamar's back? You already know. That means trouble. The rest of the Flury family is also feeling the pressure. Charles and Lucille are facing the consequences of Meech and Terry's actions. And Nicole is caught in the middle dealing with her own growing pains. This season brings more drama, more heat, and more star power. Get ready for guest stars like Kofi Rebo, Skye Jackson, Tyler Lepley, Clifton Powell, Rockman Dunbar, sweetie Miles, Truitt and more. The cast is stacked in the storylines next level. BMF is where drama hustle and hip hop collide. And this season the stakes are higher than ever. Believe me, this is the season everyone's going to be talking about. Watch the season premiere of BMF now only on Stars. And The Stars app


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah. Don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Support for eating while Broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing. You keep saying you'll do the new career, the next step. There's a difference between not knowing what's next and knowing exactly what you want, but being afraid to go after it. If you're in the second group, maybe it's time to stop waiting. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years as the nation's largest nursing school. Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. They have faculty who genuinely care and a community ready to lift you up. Whether you're just starting out switching careers or advancing your education, Chamberlain helps you move forward with confidence. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Because here's what Chamberlain wants you to know. You've got this and we've got you. Start today@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belonged to something greater certified to operate by Chev.


The first two years of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your world cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's the good news. You don't have to bring estress into your car. The all new Nissan Silverado is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing massager seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let the sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the bold premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with a 64 colored personalized light option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic, chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive an all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features crowded by this, a group of people.


And then over in the corner I see these young boys and it's like a soccer team or something and they're standing there with their camera And I just, Hey Ms. Hanson, I don't even think they spoke fluent English, but they knew exactly who I was because one of 'em said that's, And I was like, babies come on. And they all gathered and I'm telling I'm like maybe 10. But that always throws me when the babies know who I am. You know, I'm just like, dang, I'm still relevant. Well round Of applause for Taraji being 54 years old. Why would you ever want a young girl when black women age like, And I Hope you don't mind me asking your age. I hope you didn't mind me asking that.


Only reason I ask that is because I tell people my age. Okay. Because I hate that women, we feel ashamed of age and when men, men can have beer bellies. You balding. Sorry, Not bald. It's bald. I gave up a long time. Put your head Down. We can kind of see where the hairline you sit. I got a haircut yesterday. But you understand what Emini here naked and then they can have a young thing on their arm and we let that pass and we have to be ashamed of our age. No, I'm not doing it. At one point you, you were flirting with leaving Hollywood. You was said you were tied with the bullshit, the low Balling. That's before I went to Bali. Mm. That time. The first time. The first time.


Yeah. I had, I remember I had gotten to a bitter place. But see that's what happens when you give so much power over to humans. See, I know God chose me. I'm called chosen and covered. So when you know that everything's not gonna be easy, you know, I had to get back to that. That's what got me to Hollywood was $700 in my pocket, in my toddler because I knew I had a calling And I just stirred away from that. But I'm back. You feel Appreciated more. I do. I do. I don't look f you know, it is, it's like, it's interesting because you go, I didn't get a nominated for this award again.


That's, did you see the powerful talk that Denzel did about how he got bitter? Yep. Emini here. That was me. That was me. And it particularly happened after Hidden Figures. I was like, what, what? What do I have to do? Like, you know, y'all didn't see the range there. Yeah, I'm still playing Cookie. And then I gave you a, a rocket scientist. Like what? And that hurt a little bit. But again, it hurt because of the power I placed in man's hand. But if you step back from that and take that power back, look how many black girls are coding now. Not even black girls, young kids kids, period.


Yeah. Like, so that's what I always wanted and that's what I asked God. I said I want longevity And I want the work that are, that's going to affect lives in a positive way. I want the work that people are gonna study long after I'm gone. Right. Like I did the greats that came before me. You know, and when you ask that, that's, that's specific. It may not be the awards. You know, I figure if I keep working, that shit will come. But what's rewarding to me are when fans come up to me and go, babe, whatev that last it touched me, it made me change the way I, you know, think about things. Yeah. Like that's rewarding to me.


You know, it's funny because that's what we were talking about yesterday. She, we was on the phone yesterday and she was just saying how much of a fan of you she is Emini here. Jess. Jess is white. Right? Absolutely. But I'm just like, there's nothing wrong with expressing that. Share that with her because you just existing provides that inspiration. Absolutely. And then she shamed me. 'cause I was just like, I was like, you damn right. We saw Taraji, I saw Taraji in the theaters for Baby Boy and she was like, you saw baby boy in theaters. She made you feel old in depress. I embrace, I never thought about baby boy in a movie theater. Yeah. I don thought about it on Bt Crazy is crazy. You even Legal 33 but Me is older than my son. But I don't know just how you feel, but I feel like wanting to be in entertainment, be in television.


Like it's, you think of you because you're able to be, it always seemed like you've been able to be yourself. So when we, like, I know for myself when I heard you talk about that before that first Bali trip, not feeling like enough, I'm like, wait, what? Like she's been the, this is how you can beat a girl from where you, from around the way, whatever you wanna call it. But like, you're in Hollywood and you're grateful in your beau and your career impacts. So I I'm glad you're out of that because I was like, what? This is the Taraji GP Henson. Like it Was actual burnout because of the work. I, you know, people go, you work a lot. I too, 'cause the, the math ain't math and the zeros ain't adding up, you know. And so because you see somebody working a lot, a lot of times when it's us, it's because that one job is not gonna cover you for the year.


Yeah. I wish I could just do two films and be like, Emini here. I'm kind of to that point now, you know what Emini here, but there are actors out there that just one job a year because that's how they get paid. And I don't think people really understand the breakdown of the math. You know, 50 cents, if somebody get goes, they made $10 million. Right. You gotta remember Uncle Sam is coming to take half of that. That's right off the top. Right. And then you have to pay your 30 or 40% whatever you're paying your team off your gross. So you're not taking home $10 million. I know it sounds amazing, but you're not taking it home. Somebody gets paid 1 million for a film, they not seeing that 1 million in their bank account.


Do the math. You know? So that's why. So I think a lot of it was burnout and frustration because once I lifted my head and was like, why do I have to work so much? You know, I just got burned out. I became bitter. You know, a lot of people thought you were kicking Thailand and Oprahs back in during the color purple. Oh my God. Why would they think that? I guess. 'cause they were the producers of the film and they thought that when you were complaining about the pay People, you know, they have bosses. Right. That's what I was. Thank you. And when have you ever seen me drag another woman, particularly a black woman? Yeah. Ever. I'm 10 toes down for us. Never. And then the fact that blogs And I think it was just a campaign so that this black movie wouldn't do well.


Right. Because to stay, I I even saw some bits about it was my fault that the film didn't do well. Oh yeah. I saw that as well. I how did, how did, how How they tried to say that you, because of the conversation you raised about the money and things that weren't right. It pivoted the focus to people aren't going go see the film. They care more about what is Taraji saying? Is it true or not? That's, You know, that's total bs Right? No, I Know it is, but I'm just telling you what the conversation, what you're referring to or telling Jess with the conversation. And me and Oprah, I have such a love and a fondness for her. She just text me the other day, commending me on a job well done in STRAW. Mm. So that was all fixtures. Like, and to draw a wedge between us.


But see, I'm not gonna let you do that. Right. Because I went to her defense right away. Y'all not gonna do that to this woman. That's right. All of this what she does Emini here. Like, stop it. Stop that. Diss what? I'm glad disrespectful even with Tyler, how you know Tyler is the person that pays you the most. What? Yeah. I'm never gonna not work with Tyler. That just is, that's insane to me. I enjoy working with him. I really, really do. We have fun on that set. I love that. He challenges me. I understand. I'm I'm never gonna turn my back on us. You know, people that go to the Tyler Perry films is a huge population of us. Right. Like, so for me to say I'm not gonna do a Tyler, but that's me turning my back on us. I, I would never, Speaking of black women in relationships, your character and STRAW jeniah during her like worst moment black women in the movie still like Yeah.


Get around her and, and hello around her. Even almost like forcibly, but like not really because they identify with her. Absolutely. What is, you know, not even the importance, but like when people watch those moments throughout the movie, what do you want them to take from that? That we Are, we need each other and we're more powerful. Will we support each other? I'm a huge, you know how I am with the sister girls, you know, And I told this to the Spelman lady graduating class of 2025. The last thing I said to them was like, ladies, like we, we are more powerful in numbers. We need to support each other. Do not air your grievances with another sister in public. You got a problem with her?


Pull it to the side that's between you and her to fix. Mm. That is not for the public to weigh in with their shallow opinions. I said as black women, we take too many bullets from society. Why? Why would I be another obstacle for another sister to get over? Mm. I'm just not gonna do it. Yeah. My bad Lauren. I love you. You know, bad. You know, here we here. Now we had a moment earlier today. I needed to depend on her how we've had we guessing. I'm glad that's beautiful and that's growth and more of that. But it breaks my heart when I see sisters go at it in public.


It does does something to me because we have enough to overcome. Why should it be another sister? Like we got the same struggle. Yeah. So the, the, the dynamic between you and Sherry Shep and Tiana Taylor in the movie, that's the enhanced, like the exploration of sisterhood and solidarity Is that Absolutely. Tyler wrote that and he doesn't do anything by mistake. Like he's a Virgo. He's very calculated. Because I was wondering if that dynamic, was that something you brought in? It was already there. It was already there. He wrote it like that. See, 'cause you know Detective Raymond who ti Tiana play so effortlessly. That girl, lemme Just say this about Tiana.


She coming for everything y'all. Oh yeah. She's, oh Yeah. She's coming for everybody and everybody's necks and everything. She, what I love about her Emini here, she just leaves nothing on the table. She checks every box. She's just incredible. Have you seen the snippet for her new video coming? Yes. No. The movie. I haven't seen that. The mini movie That she, she directed. Yes. In front of the camera. Behind the camera. She's busy Peace, amazing Talent. Every gift that God gave her, she is using an amazing Person too. Emini here sweetheart. I love her. Anyway, when she starts hearing my character Janiah's story, she totally identifies because she's a single mother.


So that touches her, right? She's like, whoa, whoa, whoa. Wait, wait a minute and see for us, do you, have you ever seen that, that series called, is it the center? It's called The Center. Mm. And it's about people who do these crimes. And there's this gentleman who's a detective and he goes to the why. There's always a why. And when you understand the why, then you're able to show compassion and give some grace. Because people just don't do stuff. Just because they're pushed to a point. I'm Not Excusing. Yes. Oh Yeah, yeah. I see That. I'm not excusing the deed that has been done. But if we can just understand why the why, and that's why I am always playing the why of my characters.


Right. Because I want the audience to feel for the person. If I didn't play the Y of cookie, she could've been just another sassy, smart mouth black woman. No one would've cared. But because I got to her, why everybody in The World could identify with her. Yep, that's Right. There Was so many layers to cookie too, you know. Do you think that the layers that we see in Jeniah and STRAW and her having to learn to be like actually admit that she's not okay and not just covering things up and you talk about your personal life not being a life of the party anymore and being okay with that. Do you think that that that's something that after watching this movie, people can take on easily? Or like what do you think people's journey to get to that point will be after watching this movie? Everybody's Journey's different. Some people find it hard to, very difficult to, to deal with trauma because it's, it's not easy going through therapy.


You gotta deal with the ugly shit first before you get, there is no way to get over a storm or under a storm. You gotta go through it before you can see the sun. But the sun always shines. But you have to go through it. And that, that therapy journey is not for the week. And some people unfortunately spend a lifetime just dodging it. And it's unfortunate because your life can be so much better if you could just heal s right. Because you find yourself, you know, almost like a gerbil in the wheel. If you're not 'cause the same shit that you think you running from, you're going to wherever you are, wherever you go, there you are.


It's, it's gonna catch you all your problems. That's Right. You can't run from yourself. You cannot, you're Not drinking or decision to not drink anymore. How did that I, okay, so I do have my wine brand. Okay. I know that's right. I do. I love my seven daughters, but I do take breaks for five months. I had stopped drinking because I felt like I needed clarity. I needed to get rid of some negative energy that was in my life that I couldn't see because, and not to say that I have a drinking problem or anything like that, I just think like you fast sometimes. Yeah. 'cause you need to reset your system. Yeah. I did the sobriety for like five months and then, you know, when I have to promote my wine And I do really like my seven daughters, but it's a, it's low in calories and it doesn't get you like plastered.


Okay. Like, you know what, Emini Here? Yeah. I can sip it by the pool and still function, you know, got, but I do have moments where I fast from that as well because I just think it's great for my mental because I'm, I'm I'm present. I was Gonna ask, what presence did it bring before you in preparing for this role? Oh my goodness. I was able to get up in the morning. And another thing I find when I don't drink is that I can work out, you know, what Emini here. Like that's one vice that I pick up And I go hard with Emini here. I'm sure you've seen some of my videos that I'm pouring into myself because I'm present.


You know, I'm not numbing out. What's, what's one quiet decision to Roger you made that had the biggest impact on your career but never made headlines? The biggest, say that again. What's One quiet decision you made that had the biggest impact on your career but never made headlines? Quiet decision. Emini here. It seems like everything I do makes headlines because I thought me going to Bali was gonna be quiet. And it's still, we're still talking about it. I, I think I talk about everything. I don't think, yeah. You know, because I feel like if you have a story to tell, tell it. I try to keep my breakup quiet or Oh, that's a good one.


I might have to call you back on that one. Have to call you back. Well this is not even, this is not even a question, but in watching STRAW, I got John Q vibes. Oh my gosh. Well the difference with John Q is that he was very conscious in, in what he was doing. He was trying to save his son and he was like, I ain't got no money. The insurance is not paying, so I'm gonna stick y'all up. Yeah. You know, But it was like the, the emotion, What you would do, what links you would go through. You new mom. Yeah. For your kid. Yeah. It hits you in a new way doesn't it? When you become a mother and it's real, like, it's not about you anymore once you become a parent.


Yeah. You have this whole existence and being and human that you are responsible for. And if you are a responsible person, that's very serious job for you. Like, you know, before you were probably like, I'm a, you know, a a you know, a public figure. Yeah. Now it's like I'm a mom first. Yeah. You know? Yeah. So it's different. Life is different when you have that kind of responsibility. Right. And you'll do anything for your child. That's right. And you, and, and the hurt that they feel, you feel it 10 times more because you feel like it's my job to protect this child. And so when they're bully you ready to go to war because it's like, no, how dare you s Right.


You Know, and Janiah snapped but she kept going. Didn't even realize. She didn't know. She had no idea she was operating outside of herself. Right. Yeah. Very. You Know, a lot a a a a lot. We know a lot of things you do are super intentional. 'cause like you said, you're a Virgo. So what's the most strategic thing you've ever done that people mistook as emotional? Probably talking about the pay and equity. 'cause I have a crying about money, crying. I tell you what bitch, if you wanna eat, you better speak the fuck Up. Right. The squeaky wheel Gets fixed. Right. Closed mouth don't get fed. Right. And I'm gonna tell you who's not complaining about that money anymore.


I know that's right. Tough because after that Hollywood started coming. Correct. Man, Listen, they have To. Yeah, yeah. You do. You wanna hit my mouth again. And I demanded that Respect. And this is my last question. Are you happy? I'm so happy I can't. Why? People go you're glowing. Yes. Because I am not dealing with nobody. So a healed child. I am At peace. The peace that I have been fighting for, I have it. And it has nothing to do with anybody. No other human. It's all in me. There you go. I love you. I love you. Do you even tell the unhealed people anything anymore? Are you No. No. Because sometimes they ain't ready to hear it. I will say, I hope you heal.


I do say that. I, I, you know, I just, 'cause sometimes they take that they're offended by what you mean? It's like, alright babe, now she hope I heal. Right. You know, so it's, it's for you to discover, sweetie. Well thank you. Thank you so much. Y is out this Friday. Netflix. Definitely check It out and wait till you see what we do for you in this building. You'll see. Is it a bust? What does that Mean? Yes, it is A bus, like a sculpture. Yes. Yes. It's Ooh, is it? Yes. Don't put no badass wig on it like that. Oh my God. It's, Which hits you.


Yes. It will be a bust. Oh, okay. Where In the center of this table? In the hall. In the Hall. Because people will see it whenever they walk by. So, oh, okay. So you have to go buy Angie's studio and come in Like it. Please. Can it look like me? Don't like, yes. It's, You'll see. Oh, You seen Dway Wades when Dway Wade statue that Don't look. No, no, No, no. Please don't do that to Me. Bring that up. That's the one. Yeah, because that, okay, nevermind. And I meant thank you for your career. Thank you. Not end the interview. Yeah. I thank you for that. Thank you. Thank You for you. Yeah, that's right. That is your career. You the person that you are because your career has given you the platform to be out here being the mental health advocate that you are. And I think that that work is going out long outlive probably anything you doing in The World. I hope so. Yeah. That to me feels like probably why God set me up to be a public figure to get to that.


Absolutely. Yeah. So grateful. Thank you so much guys. This was beautiful. Absolutely. Taraji Hensen. Ladies and gentlemen, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


If you are not watching BMF on Stars, you are seriously missing out from executive producer Curtis 50 cent Jackson. The new season is here and Meech and Terry are leveling up. They're expanding their empire, launching a music label, and even hitting the 1995 source awards. Oh, and did I mention Lamar is back. BMF is where drama hustle and hip hop collide. The drama top tier, the stakes higher than ever. This is the season everyone's going to be talking about. Watch the season premiere of BMF now only on Stars and The Stars app.


Okay. Have you heard about this? Last year the green changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old scent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back. Now it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. It's the reason it's the number one men's antiperspirant and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool Rush for yourself.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive an all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.