
What does a therapist do when her family is the one who needs a little help? Seek therapy. Of course, don't miss the new season of the Hulu Comedy on Prison. Starring Kerry Washington and Delroy Lindo with a father outta prison. A son with growing anxiety and a therapy practice in serious trouble. Kerry Washington's page needs to pull her family back together by any means necessary. Get ready for a new season of rock comedy and heartfelt connection on Unpr New season premiers July 17th, streaming only on Hulu


State. Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future. We know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your offroad experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always wanted to. Traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and owner's manual for additional information. Always take care cargo


During the summer when the weather gets hot. I can only imagine how much time you plan to spend outside with friends or along on your couch with that AC blasting at T 5G and Home Internet keeps you connected so you can enjoy all the summertime vibes. Whether you're sharing pics from a rooftop video, calling your friends from an outdoor concert, or streaming your favorite show episode after episode. So stay connected to your favorite people and your favorite things with at T 5G and Home Internet at T 5G requires compatible plan and device cover not available everywhere. Learn more@att.com slash 5G for you.


Turn it up. Music fans. This one's for you. Koch Studio is dropping fresh music and performances from artists you love like new jeans. Carol G and Peggy Goo and Koch's, giving you chances to win a trip to one of the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke or Coke. Zero sugar 12 ounce. Can the unlock fan field music moments no purchase necessary. 13 plus in 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize. availability@cokeurl.com slash Studio USA. Promo copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. His new album is out right now. One night in California. Yes, ladies and gentlemen, Dietrich Hadden. How doing Brother? Blessings. Blessings in favor y'all. Good to see y'all. How you feeling today? Hey man, I'm a big fan of the show. Big fan of yours, Charlamagne, the God Jess, big fan. Thank good to be here man. Blessed to be alive and well. Happy to have you, my brother. Tell us about the title of One Night in California because You know it sounds sexual. And when you hear that from a gospel, Jesus, when you hear that from a gospel artist, you're like, whoa, California. No, no.


It's all about man, the night I had to reaffirm and reconfirm my yes to my calling and my yes to to God and my yes to the, my faith in God. And that's the, you had like An epiphany. What happened in California? Huh? I said what happened in California? I had a moment where I just, I had to really You know, make a decision whether I wanted to continue to sing gospel music and represent God in that way. You know because I was so traumatized. By what? By what I had gone through. I went through a divorce and You know, and before the divorce process was over, I met my beautiful wife that I love dearly. Shout out to Dominique. What's up? And we had a baby outta wedlock.


And for the church, that's a no-no, first of all, the divorce. Then you got a baby outta wedlock. And once the mess hit, the fan is like You know this guy. This is the, this is the well done. This is Mr. Siner prayer. This is the guy. He's able sing all these big hit songs in gospel music. And so I had a, I had a, I had a season in my life, man, where I just had to real, really realign myself to my calling. And it happens, man. It happens to everybody. Not just me. It happens to everybody. You're gonna have to continue to say yes to the calling that's upon your life because life be lifeing. Do you put a lot of, or do people in general put a lot of pressure on theyself trying to follow every single thing that the Bible tells you? Because there's so many things the Bible tells us not to do, and we all fall short.


Well, the Bible does talk about the straight and narrow. And that's not easy to do when life is giving you twists and turns. That's right. And pitfalls and, and potholes. And on the journey you can get out of alignment with your assignment. So you're gonna unfortunately, well, fortunately, you're gonna have to continue to say yes to whatever your divine assignment is. Hmm. Whether you are a pastor, whether you are great announcer, great breakfast club, you are assigned to this, you are gonna have to continue to say yes to it. 'cause it's going. You know gonna be times when you say, man, I don't know if I wanna do this. That's right. Is this for me? You know. Yeah. It comes with the journey. But that, that's the beauty of it, because that's what ministry is. That's what being fulfilling your calling is. It's, it's, it's blessing others while you're bleeding yourself.


Mm. It's help. Okay. Yeah. I was gonna say, now you're from Detroit, Right? From D Doc. What Up though? What up Though? So when it, when it come to, when it came to gospel music, how did you get into gospel music? Oh, I started professionally when I was 16 years old. I was, I was the minister of music, my church choir when I was 13. So I was just gifted early and started pursuing gospel, the gospel industry early at 16 years old. So I've been in it for quite some time now. It's about 30 plus years I've been doing it. And I. Love it. I love it. So you did it before It was cool. You know it well. Oh, come on, Jess. She She doing it. She doing it Well. You know I still got two favorite songs. Amen. 'cause look, I was a little dancer back in my day. And I actually, I, I danced to that song at different churches.


Amen. And then never let you Go. That is the prophesying song. Her Oh my God. You know that Jess. Oh, she listen, she's, she hold, she sanctified. She churchy. Yeah. So yeah, your new album One Night in California. I didn't think of anything sexual when I heard it. Thank you. But you got a a different, you got like different, like feels in it. Like hip hop or reggae. Yeah. You know, like r and b, like, was that intentional? Because it, it is kind of like a gospel mix tape. Absolutely. And that's the way I approached it. I started just by approaching it that way. I just wanted to just, it was a song called I Want My Respect. Right. I had just, I was just on YouTube like we all do.


And see what people got to say about you. And I just seen the slew of people just running me down. 'cause You know I had my birthday, 50th birthday celebration. I was dancing whatever. And people, they judge you like crazy. So I went in the studio. It's very therapeutic for me when I make music. So I just went in there and said, I want my respect. And that was my hook on the song. And so from that song, it birthed all these other songs. So it's kind of a mix tape. It's amazing that you really check that out. So yeah, man, it was really, this album is really a heat check. And, and, and And I kinda like a mix tape. 'cause I'm saying things that I normally wouldn't say on one of my albums. One of most of my albums, You know I'm singing up in the clouds. God give God, I give you glory.


Oh, you amazing. Oh, we worship you on this one. I'm talking from my heart. I'm sharing what I feel. And that's the thing about a lot of Gospel Artists, we don't, a lot of people don't know how to connect to us because we don't really share what's on our hearts. You know the thing about hip hop that's real. All the rappers, they share what's on their heart. That's what I love about this beef. You hearing what Kendrick got to say to Drake. So You know, You know what's on his mind. You don't know what's on these Gospel Artists mind. Yeah. Because I mean, it's, it's, it's, it's all glory to God. But it's not like a personal touch to it, I think. Exactly. And you gotta have that personal touch because God uses human beings to get his work done on earth. That's right. So it's all right to share your testimony and share what's on your heart.


I'm not saying to create a gospel beef and do a mix tag You know a beef You know. I ain't saying do that. But I mean, like, let people know how you feel. So when they hear me say I want my respect, like what, what We don't, we don't want to hear that. We want you to sing about Jesus. Okay. It's a way you can sing about Jesus. Right. And share your heart because you have to live the journey while you're singing about Jesus. That's right. You gotta live this thing out. It's never Gospel. It's been a gospel beef though, right? There's never been a two Gospel Artists going back and Forth. Now lemme take my sounds crazy. It's been Beefs, but we ain't put it on no song. Social media. How gospel. I don't Gospel Artists beef though. Like saying They human. Why people not human? Man. Man, Listen, they not aliens envy. I know, but I mean, I don't know.


Okay, Listen, we don't put it, we not crazy enough to put it in the song, but it's a whole lot of stuff that goes on in our industry and we're sworn to secrecy because we gotta live, we gotta You know it's a cold. We we spreading the gospel. But what I was saying names like what? Like what would a beef be? Flip a table. That's, Man, you'd be surprised what happened between two artists in our community that you'll never know. You gotta give it something ain't giving without saying The man, the Man just told you it's a cold man. People like, what, What type of people? Listen, we doing a lot of stuff. We human, we sleep, we're sleeping with each other's wives. We doing all kind of stuff. It's all kind. They human. We are human beings.


People, I love the, we love the I love the we. No, I ain't doing that. I'm right. Just don't, I'm say we, I gotta say I did say we you did say we. I didn't. Well, let me take that outta there. I didn't, I don't do that. But, 'cause I, I believe there's, there, there's a standard, there's a cold. But see that's the thing about the gospel singing the gospel community, you can easily mask what you're doing by saying Jesus Jesus and not have integrity and character behind closed doors. Correct. So it makes it easy for you to do a lot, a whole lot of dirt. So you, it's more dirt in that community than it is in, in the secular community. And, I don't want people to, don't come down on me about that. I'm just telling you the truth. I've lived it.


I've been, I I'm an authority in this. I've been here for 30 years. So I can I can tell the truth. I wonder if it's more, or if it's just amplified because it is the gospel community. And people think these things shouldn't happen in the gospel community. Right. I think it's, it's it's amplified and it's it's happening. It it's happening because it's easy to pull the wool over people's cover over, over people's eyes. Rather by saying, Jesus, Jesus quoting scriptures. And we supposed to forgive. We supposed to love and do your dirt behind closed doors. That's right. That's why the scripture talks about wolves in sheep's clothing. Now, I don't wanna paint the picture that the gospel community is full of dirt You know, because most people are in the gospel music. We're trying. That's that's what it's about. You, you're, you're trying to fulfill a divine assignment while you're being human.


And when that human, when when the human sack comes in, it kicks in. Whether you are a preacher, whether you're a gospel singer, it kicks in and you just have to, again, back to my song one night in California, you have to realign yourself. You gotta repent, you gotta get back on track. You gotta take responsibility for your what? Your piece of the problem and keep going. And that's the beauty of the gospel. So When it comes to the gospel, is the gospel music, is it a sound or a language? It's a message. Okay. And it's a sound. And it's not, we, one thing about the community, we, we like to be stuck in a particular sound. Oh, Jesus.


Exactly. He's on, have you tried Jesus? Oh, He's on It makes you, it reaches the soul. That's right. And so the problem is we are stuck there while God is trying to move us to the future. To connect with the next generation. Yeah. And so the warfare is they judge people to try to go and reach people outside of the, have you tried Jesus You know why? You can't say, have you tried my Jesus. Jesus. All right. So they say, you, you trying to be like The, World. No, I'm, I'm connecting. This is the sound of this day. And that's right. And time. Time. That's all it is. You can't tell me Mary j Blige, my life is not a gospel song. That's a gospel song.


That's a gospel record. Man. When I went to the concert, I had my hands raised. That's up. Okay. Yo Charlamagne is hilarious. Well, even with that being said, do you feel like you have to fully give your life to the Lord to make gospel music? I believe that singing the gospel or preaching the gospel is a divine calling. It's a divine assignment. It is more than just a career choice. It's what you are called to do. Right. And so you, and yes, there are sacrifices and requirements to represent God fully, where people can look in your eyes and see the truth and hear what you're saying and know that you're speaking truth.


And so, and if you're fake about it, it's gonna come off fake If. you real about it? What's real reaches real people. You Just quoted DJ gla and that's another gospel record. DJ GLA ain't gonna let up. 'cause on that song, he says, you live fake. You die fake. And he says that after saying, get yourself together. Go get your brain a bath. Go to church, start listening. Get on the right path. Now who is that? I need to listen to that DJ Yola. I ain't gonna let up. Come on. Is he A pastor or a preacher? No, he is a rap. He was a rapper from Atlanta. I mean, the record is, is old, but it's just, I always felt like that was a gospel record. So that's what I'm saying, Dietrich, I'm saying like, 'cause there are artists who are not preachers and pastors and bishops who they'll, they'll put out gospel music.


You know. They'll put out music and they'll call it gospel. Right. Like, how do you feel about that? What is your opinion about That? Well, let everything to have breath. Praise the Lord. Everybody have the responsibility to give God praise. I'm not here to judge. I can't say you, you're not worthy to sing the gospel. That's crazy. You know, everybody should be giving God praise. I expect every r and b artist, hip hop artist to do some kind of offering to the Lord when it comes to music on their albums. So you'd be surprised who know the Lord that was just at the Jodeci concert, the House of Blues. Took my wife there One night in California. No, that was In Vegas. But watch this, watch this, watch this, Watch this. KC told his testimony, shook the whole room.


Mm mm It went from just everybody just partying to a whole, like a church, church service. Because he talked about You know he had a stroke and it was gone. And I talked to him afterwards. I said, man, you, you just did what most preachers and prophets cannot do. Mm. Stay on this path. Keep doing what you're doing. I ain't even know KC had a stroke. Yeah. Yeah. He, he'd tell and he looks good, man. You know. Yeah. Singing like crazy. He got it back. Like kc. He's one of my vocal heroes. Yeah. Because You know he comes from the church, got that quartet sound. And I. Just love it. Yeah. And I think that's, that's what's missing, missing from a lot of gospel music as you just said, the testimonies. I feel like You know when you go through things in life, If, you have a platform, you're supposed to share those things, whether it's comedy or whether it's radio, whether it's music, whatever it is, or whether it's just giving a speech.


You should, you should share those testimonies, Man. A lot of, a lot of artists are really prophets and people that are signed to the earth to put great to god's. I agree. Message to The World. Even though that's not saying I'm a prophet, I go to church every day and all that. There are people that are called by God to do what they're doing. To send love in the atmosphere, to send strength in the atmosphere, to make people laugh. That's a gift from God. Every good and perfect gifts comes from the Lord. Mm. It's men that, wicked hearts of men that perverts it. Those gifts come from God. I was gonna ask, so when you speak about those gifts, you also write for artists that are not Gospel Artists.


Absolutely. Do You, do you ever feel a way like, no, I can only write for Gospel Artists you doesn't wrote for us or you don't know for, for various artists. So so how do you do when, when you're writing those records for people? Man, I can write a love song better than probably anybody that wrote it. And I. When, right. 'cause when you, when you talk about God is love, God is love. I wrote a song. I wrote three songs. Shout out to Zaytoven and Usher usher's, my brother, my brothers. And they let me write on that Usher a album. I think I did say what You wanted three songs on there. And they, they couldn't believe I was in there. All the young cats. Dietrich is in here writing this Is that I was like, man, hey, this is our gift. We flowing in our gift. This is how we make money You. know what I'm saying? Then you ask me, how do I live what I do when I go home? I'm not trying to go out and do nothing crazy. I got my wife, I got my purpose.


I'm trying to build legacy You know when it's time to write the opportunity again. I'm going to write. You want me to come sing at the where wherever mean can I inspire people in that space? I'm coming. When you write for others, do you try to use them as a vehicle to get your message out? Or do you get into their world and and write from their perspective? Because I And, I, And I. Wonder how people would feel about that. Do they say, oh, you're writing secular music. No, I can't be concerned about how people feel about how I use my gift or how God wants me to use my gift. I like to get into the heart and mind of the artist and see where they are and, and try to help relay their message. And so that's it. Just you try to express what they're trying to express. You know, I can't come in there talking about you need to Say, Jesus, you need to make a gospel song.


No. No. If that's what you wanna do, I help you do that. If you wanna talk about love. I there's some songs that they may wanna do that that's not really my thing. So I give it over to my partner that, that can write and that's what he'd kill it. Da da da da And I come in and bring the melody. You know. And so that's my strength. Melodies and love songs You know. So I stay in my lane so I can be successful. And You a pk, right? Oh yeah. Were you, were you a straight and narrow pk or did you have your, your wild ways? I'd be lying if I said it was straight and narrow. The PK kids be the Wildest, they say the pks are the worst kids, man. But we, the ones have to deal with the most pressure. You gotta be saved and holy before you really holy Yeah, yeah, yeah.


You know what I'm saying? You gotta be the perfect example of truth. Be You know among the, your peers before you really know what that means. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So it's, it's, it is rough. Shout out to all the pks. I'm representing all y'all. We yeah. We standing up. Did your, did your father, your father's Bishop Clarence be, hadn't seen you, right? Yes, sir. Did he, did he give you grace when you did fall short or did he demand you rise to that level of being No, I Come from, yeah, I come from the old school church dock If. you seeing you going to the front row and they going to, dang they going, they going to let you see so you won't do it again. Yeah. They had a good heart, good intentions, but that wasn't a way to do it. And that's why I don't do that at my church in California.


People fall short. They repent of their sins. You know, whoever they offended or or You know they gotta answer to them or repent to them. And then you keep going. 'cause we all fall short and, and come short of the glory of God. Nobody's perfect. The Bible says in scripture, this is deep scripture, he said, if a man says he has no sin, he is a liar. And the truth is not in him because there's sin in all of us. That's right. Because the Bible says in this flesh, work it no good thing. And that's where the Holy Spirit comes into play. It's very important to have the Holy Spirit's gonna help you navigate through all this stuff that the flesh wants to do. You started pre, oh, go ahead. I'm sorry. You had once said that you was called to preach at the age of 10.


Yeah. That Is young. Like how, how was that experience? Like how, what do you mean? Like, you were called like, describe that experience. If. you can, I I literally heard the voice of God speak to me and tell me, Dietrich, you going to sing and preach the gospel? You sure that wasn't Bishop Clarence be had? It could've been his voice could've been. But watch this. I was by myself in my room. Guess what? I went straight to my mother's room and told her just what I just heard. Wow. She put me right up that next Sunday. You said you called to preach. You got me a robe in the Bible and put me up. You remember the first sermon? Listen, I lost everything. My train of thought and everything in, in front of a whole crowd of people. That's Right. You Was probably like, dang. I read my scripture, sang my song. Then I just lost my 'cause I looked at my friends talking about You know I was 10 years old.


That's too much pressure. You know. But from that point on, I'm never at a loss for words. You know, because I said, I ain't gonna never let them laugh at me again. I learned every bible verse, every scripture so I could never be laughed at again. Wow. I saw in the song my respect. You say my, I my, I bought a new sound in gospel music. I paved the way I did it way back in the day. And You know, 20 years later you still hear and you say, you gotta give credit with credit's due. Do you feel like you still don't get the credit for paving the way of a new sound in gospel music? I think there are opportunities for people to acknowledge my park in it. That they, where they deliberately keep it outta there. 'cause people, it's such a small genre, so people are holding onto their piece of the pie You know what I'm saying?


They think by ignoring you or or trying to omit your part will help them maintain what they have. And. I don't think that's good at all for gospel music. I think it's important for all of us to respect all of our contributions to gospel music. You know, and I'm not, I'm not, I'm just saying, Hey look, I earned my stripes. I've been 30 years plus in this business. You know, I've, I'm, I got my battle scars for I've paid my dues in the gospel industry. You know. And a lot of times people tend to look at the, the few people, when you think about gospel music, you think of, what's the first few names that come to your mind? Kirk Franklin, boom. Franklin, who else? Regina Bell. I don't even Regina Bell. Gina Bell. I'm thinking about my God, God, God, my God.


Okay, Gotcha. Gotcha. The song, no, no, no, no disrespect to Regina Bell. But honestly, Kirk Franklin, Mary, Mary, Boom. So you get, you can name off the few, That's probably where it stops. But, but there's, I want to tell everybody, there's a whole slew of incredible Gospel Artists And I Wanna motivate y'all to look into them. To them. Well, Jess is into the gospel music. So Yeah, she knew my songs. I just know. So I can tell she's into the industry. She knows the music. Who Are yours Jess? What? My first, like my top five? Yeah. Okay. So we have Yolanda Adams. I do, I do like Hezekiah Walker. Like Fred the greatest. Fred Hammond, Dietrich hadn't And I grew up on Dietrich Hadden and Ty Trit.


Those were my two favorite. Of course. Then you go to women to CC Wine and BB Wine You know all of them. But yeah, it's fine. I I like the the men, the men prophesize to you. Not no discrediting to the women, but You know, like when you wanna really feel like when you're going through something, you can play a song. You can cry through the song. Right. That's different. That's your Fred Hammonds. That's your diet tricks. Those are your You know. Like, that's what I like. She's the perfect balance of righteous and ratchet. This crazy how she's the perfect balance. Crazy, the sexy red and glow real of like, she is the perfect balance. She loved music. I I love it too, man. I listened to it all. I listened to it all. It's incredible. Now There was a pastor that, that told a woman to hush during, during worship. Oh, You mean a pastor?


Pastor. Pastor Keon Henderson. Man. What you mean a pastor? There was a pastors respect pastor. Respect Pastor Keon Henderson. Respect. And you was, you was kind of upset about that. I Wasn't upset. I just had a perspective. What was your perspective? I got the, I got the utmost respect for Pastor Keon Henderson. I don't want him to feel like Dietrich is out for him. You know, but I just don't agree with how he handled that matter. You know, I think that you have to keep in mind, that's one of your sheep. You're the shepherd and you are responsible to cover her. And if she's crying, it means she's hurting. And if she If you, and also could mean that you're, you've said something that impacted her. And if people can't holler in church, what can they holler? Sometimes that's all, that's the only thing they could do is to get to church and just let it out. You know. You'd be surprised what people are going through through the week.


So me personally, this Dietrich, I If you come to my church, you can holler from the point that you get walk through the door to the end. Because I understand people need God. They need help and they need a place where they can release. And I've been in church all my life. You talked about my dad, Bishop Hadden. He, he, I just never seen me personally. I've never seen any pastor hush a woman up like that. It's a new day. So it's a new, yeah. So, but I'm old school when it comes to that. I'm a I'm a young man, but I got old school principles when it comes to church. Like the church belong to God's people. That's where people supposed to praise. That's where they're supposed to cry. When the Holy Spirit moves on them, you hold back.


It's not about you. It's about God moving for the people. Now let's play, let's play. I don't wanna say devil's advocate Me in trouble, but No. Keon, You my boy God. Don't, don't, Don't. Because And I we're not enemies. That after Keyon said that this wasn't an isolated incident. And I don't know. I'm not saying that this is what happened. What If you in church? I'm just using the scenario. You in church and there's a person that comes to church all the time. Yeah. And they always, they go live while they in there and they cut up. Yeah. I mean they cut up. I mean, they act like they got the Holy Break dancing on the floor. I mean, they just going crazy. Right. Every service and they kind of being disruptive. Would you be like, all right, sister. Alright brother. No, I will never hush them. Okay. Because I understand they may have a husband, son, daughter, family, and they're coming after you after church.


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Services. If. you hush my mother up. I dare you. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I don't care how much I sing the gospel, I'm coming after you. So you gotta use wisdom right there. Especially, I come from a deep, the hood. Our church was in the hood. We had six crack houses on the block and the neighborhood would come to our church. So you can never do anything like that where you disrespect somebody's auntie mother. It's a rap If. you do that. You may get shot after church after you done hollered and preach and saved somebody else. You done lost your life over disrespecting somebody. So I just don't agree with that. Now, if You know that person is dealing with that issue, you're the shepherd You know that they've been there. It's not a first time issue. So you handle them with care.


I get what you're saying that You know that they have some maybe mental issues. So you tell your deacons armor bear say go, go, go. Tell him. You know. Go, go do that You. know what I'm saying? But you never do that. Did you and Pat Keon have a conversation privately or No? Man, I, I was, I was in contact him with him sometime in the past, but I, I don't, I don't You know. I, I'm, I don't force relationships got at all. Got you. And so, and and to your scenario that you just gave Charlemagne sometimes, like you, it's, it's other people in place for that. You got ushers, you got overseers, right? You got deacons like prayer warriors. True. Right. Will go and try to calm down, try to calm that person down.


Still not shushing them, but covering them. And prayer You know somebody falling out on the floor. Okay. They'll go get something to cover. Right. If it's a woman, get something to cover her. Pray her start rub You know really, really prophesying and You know Right. Ministering to her to like, kind of calm her down. If it is just an act, they, it is. No shush. 'cause my church in the hood too. You, you and he's right about everything he said like, we have my church and then we have a church right next to us and then like, houses across the street that are vacant, Big time, You know, gas station hood marks, like, stuff like that. So you just never shush. 'cause you, how can you tell when somebody is not being serious? Everybody don't have the spirit of speaking in tongues.


Everybody don't know. Sometimes all you can do is just holler, hug yourself, run around the churches. All about how the spirit moves you. So you don't know. I I say you just let it be, let it, let, let 'em go until they calm down. You know you're there so people can get their breakthrough. That's why you are preaching You know. That's why you're sharing the gospel. So they can get that moment, have that moment of release. So I, I would leave that alone. So that's how I would've handled it. You know every two, each his own, every man governs their house differently. So You know however he wanted to do it. That's how he did it. But people ask me, Dietrich, what would you do? I told him You know I'm very vocal about it. And that's what I would, and You, you got the, you got the blue rag around you neck. Are you Cripping? No, No.


It's a style You know, I I love, I love style man. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Alright. Now we had Charlie Wilson on the show a few months ago. Hey, Charlie Wilson, who did the Good brother Charlie Wilson. The legend. The icon. And he was kind of critical of r and b artists who make gospel music. Oh, You know just to get radio play or use the format to get a hit song. If I remember correctly. He said that, that that's what people do when nothing's working for them. Oh, You know. That's what he said in the other genres of music. It is the truth, man. I wish I could say differently. And I'm a fan of a lot of artists, man, A fan of You know I love artists, whether it be actors, whether it be Will Smith doing his gospel song. I'm a big fan of his, whether it be Kanye, I'm a big fan of his previous work as a producer.


I respect him highly. But it, that seems like that's the trend now where people, when they're kind of fallen off, they, they look to God and they look to the church and they go, 'cause they can easily get a number one among church folk. 'cause church folk, we just so glad you done came in here and let's, let's give Will Smith in here, Kanye. We, and we give them number one, they override anybody else that's been in the gospel industry. We give you all the number ones. Mm. I got a problem with that piece. Just that little piece right there. But I don't have a problem with them making their gospel songs. But there's some there. Those of us that are in it, we live it. We live, eat, breathe this. It's like hip hop. They're people that live, eat, breathe hip hop. We live, eat, breathe this gospel.


And so when you come in, we expect you, when you do that, we like, okay, you coming in brother, you coming in, you gonna help us build this thing? We going to the next level. Then you go, you get your number one, you back with people loving you again. And where you at? What, what we thought you was now you doing what you doing? You got your wife walking around naked butt naked. We thought you was Mr. Sunday service. What happened? Number one album, number one Guy, you got your number one or you gone. But could it be like that? That's how he felt in that moment. Like when he created, like for instance, we, we can go either further back with Jesus walks, right When he did Jesus Walks song, the gospel record right song. Yeah. To me it was when He did that, that was when, when he put that out, people were like, what the hell are you doing?


Right? And and it was on the gospel charts and hip hop charts. So it opened up a world of people. I ain't Oh, Jesus walks made the gospel chart. Huh? I think it did. I think it Did. They they were playing it like crazy too. It was everywhere. And even when he did his Sunday service, a lot of people came out there for worship that usually or maybe wouldn't go to church as often. What message are you sending now? 'cause you ain't doing Sunday service no more. Mm. You ain't singing no gospel music no more. Now you cussing and acting like you ain't never, never knew Jesus. But then we could talk about pastors and preachers that, that, that have been preaching and now what they doing now, they're, they're fake prophesizing. They're cheating. They're doing something like that. So it's kind of the same. I don't think Same. Everybody gonna have a give given account for what they doing. Correct. Because at the end of the day, that judgment day is coming right for all of us.


Absolutely. I'm not here to judge nobody. I'm just telling you what I don't like to see because I live the,


What does a therapist do when her family is the one who needs help seek therapy. Of course. Don't miss the new season of the Hulu comedy on Prison starring Carrie Washington and Roy Lindo with a father outta prison. A son with growing anxiety and a therapy practice in serious trouble. Carrie Washington's page is determined to pull her family back together. Nothing is uncomplicated un unprisoned, especially family. Will they be free from the generational issues in old wounds holding them back. John Stamos, guest stars as an unorthodox radical healing coach who goes toe to toe with Paige as family Secrets come out. Can Paige and her crew move forward? Get ready for a new season of raw comedy and heartfelt connection on Unpr New season premieres your July 17th streaming only on Hulu.


State Farm Insurance gets it. Representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. State Farm understands and wants to help protect our communities by investing in our future building off the hard work our parents have done before us. We all are looking to create generational wealth so that our families and generations behind us have a better starting point than we did. That begins with financial literacy. State Farm helps fund programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to the educational achievement of black and brown youth. To date participants have been awarded over $11 million in scholarships offers as a direct result of contributions from State Farm at Eating Wall broke. We hear inspiring rags to richest stories on each episode from our guests. But with State Farm, you can begin to write your own success story. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moon roof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus, with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds in an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature With seven drive modes, you can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


MIT's mission is to solve problems for a safer world. If. you have a passion for applied cybersecurity with skills in infrastructure, threat intelligence, deterrence technologies, advise threat, emulation, or intelligence analysis. Explore the many challenging and fulfilling career opportunities@mitre.org slash careers. That's MITR e.org/ careers@public.com.


We've brought all your investing together in one place. From stocks to options bonds to treasuries and crypto. It's all here. You can even put your cash to work at an industry leading 5.1% a PY. It's the most simple yet sophisticated investing experience on the market. A place where all your investments are just a tap away because why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all. Meet your new primary portfolio public.com. A US-based company and member of finra with award-winning customer support. All your investing in one place. 5.1% A PY is of 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C. Not a bank, not investment advice


Gospel because we see Snoop do it. Snoop did A gospel album and I'm a big Snoop fan. Snoop did a gospel album. Yes, he got a Grammy for it. What I, oh, this is what I like about Snoop though. Snoop went and got the artist in the genre and put it on the album. It wasn't just about Snoop. He brought, ran Allen who was like the greatest male vocalist of all time, who never really got his respect. He gave, he got a number one song with Rand Allen. So we look at that as Gospel Artists. We are like, man, Snoop is really about that. He's in it. He loves gospel music. He may not have the conviction, may have some weaknesses and things like that. But we know he loves gospel music because we seen who he pulled together. You got the artist, not just the big names that everybody always go to.


You went and got the artist. So you love the genre, you love the the community. But other ones, I don't see what's going on. I don't see you. You still doing, you trying to, I don't know it. I'm not here to Judge. But You know what it sounds like a little bit You know how when the country artist be like, don't do no country records. Like you, you stay in your RB but like, no, if I wanna try country 'cause country's in my heart and this is how I'm feeling right now, you should be able to express yourself in that way. I, I feel like This is bigger than a genre of music for y'all though. Yeah. I think in a way it's like, it's like, I guess it's in a way stop. Like stop playing with God. Yeah. Boom. That's what I would Say. You said something about country music. That's what I love about country music. I think Beyonce deserves to do any country song. She's from Texas.


She's lived that life. You see what I'm saying? So she can do that. But I like the fact that they have some guardrails up where you gotta come through somebody to just, you ain't gonna just make a country song. You gotta, they make you work for It. Oh, they gonna box you out. Right. Gospel music, you just, anybody can wake up tomorrow and say, I wanna sing gospel 'cause I'm falling off And, I wanna do, I wanna get that number one. I know the community going to support me. Then they get that number one, then they're gone. Where are the guardrails? Where, where are the people to say, no man, you what, what you doing? You gotta live this thing bro. You can do your gospel song, but don't play with us. Don't play with God. Right. Where the people at, where the leaders at. You see what I'm saying? They're gatekeepers. I mean, leaders in hip hop, you can't just go up and just If.


you ain't really about that life, man. They don't take, that's what Kendrick said. No, you, Drake, you are you really about this You know what I'm saying? It is like, man, it's guard rails, bro. No, that's real. You, you, you done came in and you did what you did. But that's enough. Yeah. If, you go If you gonna be about it. You gotta really be about it. That's what he's saying. But Somebody could say that about preachers and pastors and people in the church too, right? We talk about If, you gonna be about it. You'd be about it. But then we'll hear preachers and pastors and, and deacons that people look up too because they, in the church, they read the Bible, they take the classes. They have more, you think tied into quote unquote regular people. But then when you see them doing some foul, it's just the same feeling. The same feeling. Man. You know. You gotta you gotta hold people accountable.


I'm not here to cover nobody If you doing wrong. You somebody gotta hold you accountable. But yeah, back to the music, it's like, yeah man, we want, we want people to really, because it's people that's really sacrificing man to stay in this. I I've turned down at least five secular record deals in, in on my journey because it is a calling You. know what I'm saying? I signed a deal with Arista. It was done when I was a kid. I walked away from it because this is a calling. And now to see you just come in and just do what you wanna do it, then walk away and just don't it, it don't sit right in, in my heart. Right. Or anybody else's heart who been living this thing sacrificing. We could make money just like anybody else. I'm not singing gospel.


'cause I could make it anywhere else. I'm doing it because this is what, this is me since I was a kid. This my assignment on earth. You gotta understand that when you decide to, and I'm not telling anybody not to do this gospel, but really consider, like this is a real thing where we make sacrifices when we want to go out and have sex with. We can't, we want to go out and do this and that. We can't. It's a sacrifice. At least we have that heart to says, man, I can't, I can't do that because I'm singing this gospel. You see what I'm saying? It's a sacrifice. It's a lifestyle. Even when you fall short, at least I'm over here trying. Do you feel pressure to maintain an image because you are a man of the church?


No. That's why I why they got a little upset with you. 'cause they saw your wife twerking and Oh, oh man, my wife Don twerk. I wanted to twerk doc. I wanted to enjoy herself. I love every, every single bit of it. I'm a real, I'm a man's man. That's the Holy Spirit. Why we think the Holy Spirit can't show up in a Twerk. Oh yeah. Because that's your wife. That's my wife. That's right. That's my significant other. The Bible says the marriage bed is under foul. What we got going on between us ain't none of your business. That's right. And if I let you in on my life, give you a little clip of something, just enjoy. I'm letting you in on my life. I didn't have to do that. Yeah. I'm trying to show people how to live this kind life without losing your, your integrity. Just enjoy yourself. You know what I'm saying? He Jesus said, I come that you might have life and have it more abundantly.


Christians got it wrong. He came so you can enjoy this life without going down the hold of sin. You see what I'm saying? And that's what he showed us. That's what he showed us. Jesus went to the wedding, turned the water into wine. But guess what he did when he got done doing that? He went to healing and fulfilling his assignment. He went to the cross. So he's showing you balance. And so I, I don't, I don't know what to say to people that got a problem with my freedom. I know my freedom offends people, but I can't help that I'm living my life when I get done dancing. Guess what I did the next day after my birthday, went to church, to my church and preached the gospel, went the next day and we had a concert. Heska Walker came. Shout out to Lily and Lord. She came all, everybody came on through.


We had a, we had a Holy Ghost. Good time You. know what I'm saying? So I believe in balance. I live it You know. And for people to, to really understand me, I'm not a religious person. I I don't do all the dos and don'ts and rules and regulations I come from that. I've been delivered from that. I told you, my father, they sit you on the front row where you fall short You. know what I'm saying? Yeah. You You know already repented to God. But you gotta go in front of the whole church and all these people embarrassed. I've been set free from that. So anybody that's come If, you trying to judge me through religion, we not, you going to never see me worthy. I'm a spiritual person. I walk with God every day. I pray before I got up and came here. I, God, what do I need to say? Use me You.


know what I'm saying? Absolutely. That's it. So, but so, so people for them to really understand me, just, no, I'm not, I'm not religious. And I don't have a judging bone in my body. I may have strong opinions, but even that, at that I'm let go And I give people the grace and space to figure it out themselves. I'm not here to judge anybody. You know. And that's it. We, we, We say that, but we do judge And I. Don't think there's anything wrong with judging. Like I could. I'm not condemning a person, but I will see something and process it in my mind on whether I agree with that or disagree with that or You know To judge is to come to a conclusion on somebody that means to end. That's it. That's what I think about you. I'll never do that. Yeah. I Don't do that.


Yeah. Yeah. That's why I, that's why, I guess that's what I mean. I say I don't condemn People. That may be the space that you're in right now. Like even though I was strong about Kanye, I believe that he needs the grace and space to find his way back to whatever that relationship is with God. You know. So I'm not here, I haven't come to a conclusion on him. I haven't come to a conclusion on nobody. Because people go through seasons of their lives. Can you come through, can you come to personal conclusions about a person meaning like, no, I'm not saying that this person is that. I'm just saying I've seen enough of this to know this ain't what I want in my life. Man. I, I've made such a mess on my journey. I haven't been perfect and people will be completely wrong if they came to a conclusion on me.


But you gotta give people distance though. Meaning you gotta distance yourself from some people. 'cause You know they not good for you. I Don't firmly believe that either. Man, Jesus didn't distance himself from the lady that was caught in the act of adultery. She, they, they wait. They caught that woman with her legs up in the room having sex, doing whatever she was doing. What lady? The Bible You know the woman that was caught. Mayor Magdalene. Yes. Yes. See, I don't know if it's man, who was it? I ain't never seen that. Scripture. Legs up in the Bible. Scripture say face down, up. Hold on. Look, listen. I'm giving you a, a painting the picture for you. The Bible says she was caught in the act. What was that act? We don't know. I just, I do it. Yeah. I never do with the act of sex. I didn't know that she Was caught in the act of adultery, was in the bed with another man that wasn't hers.


They snatched her up in the act, brought her before Jesus on floor. We know what she did. We just got her out of the bed. What you got to say about That? That is the most player hating, cock blocking thing I've ever heard in my life. You snatch a woman out while she getting some action. This is the Bible. Sorry. I'm telling you she was already married. Just, but watch this. Guess what Jesus did? He didn't. He he said, I'll deal with her later. Let me deal with you. The one that put her in front of me. He said, ye is without sin. Cast the first stone. That's You know good and well. You got your own dirt. Yeah. I'm not going to disconnect myself from her in her lower state or when she trying to figure it out.


It's a reason why she's dealing with what she's dealing with. That started early in her life. Jesus is there to love people in whatever state they're in. Period. What? But what if that is to, to your detriment. That's what I mean. I'm I'm with you on everything You. know what I'm saying? Yeah. I'm with It's your I can't do it. There's People that need help and, and and are going through things. That's And. I. Pray for him. Easy. And I wish him the best. But I can Do and he can help for him and even help him to a point. But when they want your detriment, when there's somebody that's trying to hurt you. Yes. That's taking your, the, the love or, or the things that make you happy in your life and trying to turn it around. How do you stay? I'm gonna help that person or I'm still going show grace to that person. That's The price of the cross man. That's the price of walking with Jesus. That's what Jesus did. He took on all of our sins to the cross at the price of people coming to conclusions on him.


The people who put him on the cross were people saying he's a, he's this, he's that. And that they lied on him. It was a, his character was at, was on the, on the judgment. You know. And so what about the saying, it's About love ain't my cross to bear. Say it again. What about the saying it ain't my cross to bear? It's your listen If. you call to help people. You can't worry about what people think about what you're doing. You gotta go do it. That's what Jesus did. That's what this What this what if it's not mine? Cross the bear. If it ain't your cross the bear, then you leave it alone. That's what I, that's all I'm saying. That's all. But If you If you, but If, you representing Jesus. You can't worry about what people going to think about you. You gotta go in when everybody turning their backs on the individual, you gotta go in. But, but you go in. But what about a, something that's evil, right?


That there is no turning back. That their whole existence is evil. And no matter what you do and no matter how you try to help, they are the devil. I, I feel, I feel like saying somebody's whole existence is evil, is condemning them. And. I don't believe that everybody's whole entire existence Is There some people that's got full of the devil? You hear me? Me too. I'm like, where are we going? What is going on who is evil? What is it? Are we doing an exodus? If some, so if some people are full of the devil, what do you do? You leave them alone. You pray for them. That's what I would think. Devil's the Yeah, but I'm Away from them. But for me, you just pray for that person. 'cause obviously that ain't a job for man.


That's not a job for man. That's, that's a job for God and Deidrick. You got a song called Save Yourself. Yes, sir. I wrote that song. I'm saying, Well, the Bible does say save yourself from this untoward generation. But you gotta love people man, no matter what. And that's, that's the part of the job. That's the part of the job, man. Some people come to your church, you a pastor, and people just got off death row, just barely made it. You know you gotta love them. Some people done the worst things ever. That's your job. Jesus belongs to everybody. And If, you gonna be a representative of Jesus. You can't worry about what people think. You gotta always be the one to go drawing closer to people. And if, here's the thing, If, you do against all odds, love people through it all, and you still do what you're doing.


Hey, that's, that's on your record on Judgment Day. Charlemagne feels like sometimes God's sometimes those, those prayers will go to God's spam folder. Okay? Why? I, I hate when he quotes me 'cause he be quoting me all around me. You Know what I'm saying? Yeah. You never heard you say that. I've been there ever hear you say, God got a spam. I'm Trying to figure that out. God got junk mail. He could be junk. I just be saying sometimes don't waste God's time with, with certain things. And what I mean by that is You know there are certain things he has God, he or she has given you the will to figure those things out on your, your own right. And, I. Think sometimes we waste God's time with frivolous You know prayers And it goes into a spam folder.


I agree. Some people don't, they don't mean what they're praying about. They don't believe what they're praying for. So you like you wasting time. The Bible said, when you pray, you gotta believe what you're asking for. And If, you don't believe it won't happen for you. You got the good brother D one on the album D one. It don't change, man. How'd that connection happen? Oh, that's my boy man. I've been knowing him for quite some time. And I just love his mission. How he's bold and, and holding the hip hop community accountable, I think is incredible. He's not doing it in a religious way. He's being bold, just as bold as they are. He's bold. And I. I just wanted to connect with them. People like that man, I can, I want them on my albums all day. I want to hear what you have to say. You know I'm saying I hopefully I can make a record with 'em, a whole record with him. You know. I I, I respect D one.


A lot of people do feel like he's very judgmental though when it comes to You. know other people, other artists. I, I don't know what to say to that. I think he's very strongly opinionated, but, and he's passionate about You know, holding the community accountable because there are young people that are listening to the music. So If you, it's easy to say he's judgmental. You know because he's coming so strong. But I don't think he's judgmental. I think he's just, he's holding you, he's holding you accountable. He's grabbing you at the college and say, bro, you Rick Ross You. know what I'm saying? You know who you are. You can see these kids. Somebody gotta do it. And so he's called to do that.


Is there a difference between accountability and judgment? Is it a thin line? Are are, are they two totally different Things? Two totally different things. Judgment is to come to conclusions on somebody. And that's it. That is all. I'm, I, I'm You know. Pass the judgment, the verdict, everything. It's just you. That's it. To hold accountable is to say, Hey look, You could do better yo. Yeah. Don't try to get around it. This is it, bro. Yeah. That's, I'm holding you accountable. Yeah, That makes sense. That makes all that makes. I Got a question for you when, before we please, I always wanted to know 'cause I know names are powerful. Charlemagne the God tell me that piece. That's a very good Question.


You ask mean You know, You know Growing up You know we studied the 5% teachings and You know, and in the 5% teachings they teach you, God is a Greek word derived from Mera words. Kumar Oz debar, which means wisdom scream from beauty. And the first letter of each word was used by Greek students when they would identify with their Egyptian You know teachers. So it was You know GOD and then You know. And the 5% teachers, they teach you that the black man is God. So in a lot of ways it was a affirmation You know there was a great book I read back in the day called From Niggas to Gods You know by Akil. And it was just all about evolution. It was about getting rid of that nigga mindset. Right. Doing away with the nigga mindset and evolving to the God in you. Right. Because you can either submit your will to the higher level in you, which is the God in you, or submit your will to the lower level in you, which is the devil.


So I just You know that was just something that a lot of us instilled. Not a lot of us, a lot of people You know, still say, we are, we're gods. You say peace God. You know are you address a black woman, you say peace. Queen You know she's a goddess. Right. Right, right, right. So it's just something to aspire to You know. Right. Not saying I am God. Right. Right. You know. But if God created a man in his image, boom, according to his likeness, boom. Then I am boom. You know. And the image and likeness of my father, lowercase G, Lowercase G. He be lowercase G. Yeah, Absolutely. But I, I have the utmost respect for that man. I always wanted to know. I said, I'm gonna ask you that when I see you see you absolutely And I. Think that's powerful. I think names are very powerful. What you declare your name is what, how people know you and it's what you declare in the earth. So If, you say Charlemagne the God you say, I You know I'm a child of God or You know the God in me.


I think that's a powerful thing. Everybody's, well, I call him Leonard. That's His name. That's government. What's your government name? Ard. Mikel. Leonard Leonard. But Diet Trick, We appreciate you for joining Us this morning. Oh man. That's it. Oh, What record you wanna hear off the Album? Oh man. Play 'em all. Play One night in California. That's the title. Cut. Well, hold On. I do I ask two more questions. Of course. Oh yeah. I You know. I I think this is a good question. You know. 'cause the perception of a pastor is that everything they do is for God and and not for financial gain. So a lot of people would say, You know how. Why would you do the Reality TV show Es of La It came about when I was at the lowest state of my in my ministry, went through the worst season of my life.


I had, again, I divorced and then I had met my wife. Within three months, within that divorce process, we started having sex. We had my first child destined. She's 12 now. I got a call from a great preacher. He's deceased now. Rest in peace. Zachary Tims out of the blue when I went to LA and he said, Dietrich, I felt led to call you man. What's going on with you? I started crying on the phone like, man, I done messed up real bad. Once the folks here, what I've done You know they going to, I'll never be able to inspire people again. I'll never be able to get up and sing or preach 'cause they're not gonna believe in me. 'cause I You know, You know. Anyway, I was on the phone with him, man.


And then the idea came about. I said, man, why don't we just, we need a reality show for preachers like us that make mistakes. Like we, you can't expect to live 80 to a hundred years on the planet earth and not make mistakes, even though you a preacher. We trying our best. I'm, I fell short. I think people need to see, not just hear about what Dietrich did, but see Dietrich come through it. How I get back to where I need to be. And that's how Ess of LA came about. I created that show, gave it to Holly Carter, shout it to Holly Carter Lemi Plummer. And we did it, man. And it, it changed the, it shifted culture in the church where preachers had to now become more trans, become more transparent. And now they're seeing that there's ministry and transparency.


Now the preachers are dressing down and saying, I, I need Jesus too. Before then, wasn't nobody saying that. They were saying, you need Jesus, you need to get it right now. Now the members are saying, okay, pastor Dietrich is letting us in on his life. Bishop Nole Jones was one of the greatest preachers of all times. Philosophers. He's letting you us in on his life. What's up with you pastor? They looking at you. So now the pastor, okay, let me, let me, now I gotta let people in just a little bit on who I really am. Don't just preach at me and throw Jesus at me. Let me know who you are, pastor. And so that's the wonderful thing about preaches of LA and The show, the show's coming back. Right? We did a reunion show. Okay. They, they're calling for it back. Their networks trying to see You know, that was a tough season for all of us.


A lot of You know. It affected us, us all differently. Some churches kind of fell off. You know. 'cause people it's You know it Nev was never done before. Yeah. So, and How, how will this time be different being that your mindset is different, you're in a different space. Oh, you, you can handle it now you now you've stepped back. It's been 10 years ago. You can, you take a look at what, what worked, what didn't work. It's easy now it's easy work. So I think it, I think it's incredible. I think it needs to come back. Shows like that need to come back to help the church now process what's going on in our, in our world. How, how do you feel about megachurches? Do you, do you feel like they, they help or hurt? I was just talking about that.


I'm not a big fan of megachurches. I got a lot of people that follow me. My church, my in-person church is not that large. But people, my online church is massive. I just think the more people, the more blood on your hands. If, you fall short and If. you make people turn away from God because of your shortcomings. But it Doesn't start off as a megachurch. It start off a small church and it just continues to grow and grow and Well, that's where you delegate other If. you stop. Do you slow down? Because people want to hear you speak just like yourself. I'm sure your church could be the size, your congregation could be huge You know. You gotta delegate because each soul is important to God. Each individual is very important to God. And so you could, it is bigger than just saying, I got a big church.


I got 30,000. That don't mean nothing to me. I've seen a 30,000 church go down to nothing. Literally nothing. I was there seeing the people coming in, in droves. 30,000 people. Now it's nothing. The pastor's not even married anymore. So none of that moves me anymore. Yeah, We kind of just saw that with Hillsong too. It, The mega church is o it is too much hype. You gotta get back down to old school church where church is like a family where you, your pastor knew you then the pastor knows your family. Thank you. They know you. They know you. When you come in there You know to, to bury you, your family and to marry you. They know you.


That's the way I was raised. And that's the way I like my church. My Hill City church. If, you ever come to Los Angeles? It's a, it's a family. It's growing. But when it gets too big, I'm gonna turn it delegate. Say y'all go over there to Pastor Guy Reeves. He's one, one of my associate pastors go to Pastor Guy Reeves and, and, and, and keep doing that because even remember when Moses father-in-law told him, man, you got too many children to Israel. You, how you going to handle this? All these people. Mm. These people need care, personal care. You need to delegate, bro. It can't be all about you. You need help. You can't even handle all these souls and think about it. That's right. The Bible says the souls, the blood of those people are gonna be on your hands.


The more people you get, the more responsibility to whom much is given. Much is required. You think you want a big church? No you don't. You want the people that are called to you that you can really help through life. Life's issues. You want them, you want, like Jesus, even Jesus, the Crowns followed him, but he had 12 You know what I'm saying? To help them. And they were at work. Peter wanted to cut and cuss people out. The first chance he got, he was pastoring them. You see what I'm saying? So where are the pastors who really cared for the people? It's not about having a big church. Who cares? I'm not impressed. People come to me and say, Dietrich, I got this, this many people, And I, I'm done.


That don't mean nothing to me. I'll be while they talking. It's like this brother, that blood is on your hands. That's what I'm thinking. You better figure out a way to really pastor those people. That's what you need to be figuring out. Are there any, instead of telling me how many people you got Yeah. Aren't any megachurches doing it? Right. Because I mean, based off what you said, I I, Potter House comes to mind immediately because they do delegate a lot of different pastoral duties to a lot of different pastors. I think Mr. Jens is doing it right. I still think that You know I'm not, I don't know how people have their ministries organized. So I don't wanna say that all ministries are like that. But You know. You gotta you gotta delegate and you gotta oversee these people.


You gotta shepherd these people. You have to love these people. You have to care for these people. And you can't do it when you have so many people. Yeah. And it's And. I'm not coming to a mega church for a, I mean, I'm not, I don't wanna go to church for a presentation. I want to, I don't want a connection. I want to feel like you have a go to church and You know your, your pastor. It felt like he talking to you. Yes. You know what I'm saying? Like Yeah. I love that, that intimate, that, that. 'cause I still go to the chain, the same church that I was born in. Right. Like, we'll never not stop going there. You know, but I know I have a relationship with the bishop and his family. Right. You know what I mean? I know my first lady. I know her kids. Like they know how to cover me when I'm on the road.


And, I. 'cause I have a lot of, I'm a stand up comedian. I meet a lot of people. You know I do meet and greet and stuff like that. So a lot of that energy is contagious and a lot of it is draining. You don't want it on you. I don't, I just don't feel right. Sitting in a mega church where it's more of a presentation. It's like Right. I I don't feel that spiritual food. I'm not being fed there. I think a lot of people fled to mega churches because of church hurt also. Because when you deal with family churches, you deal with stuff just like you deal. No, you do in the family. Absolutely. So a lot of people fled a lot of small churches back in the day to retreat to just big churches.


The lights are turned down. They could just hide in there, get their word and go. But you still need somebody to hold you accountable to look out for your soul. And I. Don't think that's the solution. Hear hiding in a dark room like you at the movie theater. That's right. You. know what I'm saying? No, you need a church. You need a pastor. You need to find the right one though. Because there, there's bad leadership everywhere. You You. know what I'm saying? It's bad people everywhere. You just gotta find the pastor that's after God's heart for you and your family. And they're there. Like my father. He's been, he don't, he ain't trying to go viral. He's 85 years old. He's been pastoring since I was born. Loving people. Just doing what he's called to do through ups and downs.


Not trying to be a star. He's just, and he's got old doing it. So I know that there are great leaders out there that will love your family. And so you just gotta search for them in York City. That's right. Well Dietrich, we appreciate you for joining us today. One night in California's out right now. That's right. And it's The Breakfast Club. Oh man. The brother got the in us with a prayer. What is you doing? Come on, isn't it? Father, we thank you for The Breakfast Club and what they mean to the culture. God continue to elevate them, continue to bless them. Give them the wisdom, the strength, and the fortitude to continue to do what you call them to do. Continue to give them the heart to open up doors for people that are called to speak for you on your behalf.


I give you praise for them. Bless their families. Bless everything they put their hearts to do. Just touch 'em, God, and just continue to do what you're doing for them. In Jesus name I pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you. Thank you. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


Mitre is investing in a massive AI supercomputer to power a new federal AI sandbox with AI's potential to drive transformational advances across industries. MIT's expertise in healthcare, cybersecurity, transportation, finance, climate, and national security will be critical. Transform your career while helping solve problems for a safer world. Visit mitre.org/careers. That's MITR e.org/careers.


Hey everyone, it is Ryan Seacrest here, ready to heat up your summer vacation. Get ready. Things are about to get sizzling at Chumba Casino your summer, getting a whole lot hotter with a special daily login bonus waiting just for you. So sign up now for reels of fun and reels of prizes right here at Chumba Casino with yours. Truly join me@chumbacasino.com and dive into a summer of social casino fun sponsored By Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary V GW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions Apply@public.com.


You can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY with no subscription required. That means zero monthly account fees or balance requirements. And you can withdraw cash whenever you like. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Fin Run, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more


During the summer when the weather gets hot. I can only imagine how much time you plan to spend outside with friends or alone on your couch with the AC blasting at T 5G and Home Internet keeps you connected so you can enjoy all the summertime vibes. Whether you're sharing picks from a rooftop video, calling your friends from an outdoor concert or stream your favorite show episode after episode. So stay connected to your favorite people and your favorite things with at T 5G. At Home Internet at T 5G requires compatible plan and device coverage not available everywhere. Learn more@att.com slash 5G for you.


Maybe you've noticed that when it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If, you are not a tech expert. That's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. So to join Lenovo Pro, visit lenovo.com and unlock new AI experiences with Lenovo's ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel Core Ultra processors.