
The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Wake that ass up in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. He's the dream killer ladies and gentlemen. Yes. He hates Bad people now he's the bigger the big back. Alright, Go do that ladies, gentlemen. Yes. First of all, that's not true. Look, I'm just saying like, 'cause people, you know everybody when they see me they're like Man, you know you lost weight, you look good what you doing? And then I start listening things off like, yo, I stopped drinking, I did this, I did that. And then they just be staring at me. So now I'm just really honest. So a big dude just asks me in the hallway, you know what I'm doing? I told him that he still looked at me 'cause I could see the grease stain on his jacket suit.


Yeah I did. And I was like, well nigga you ain't gonna do it. What'd he say? He just like, man, I could tell it hurt but it was being honest. What Was the lice, what was The L Emini here? Literally I was like therapy. I stopped drinking. This is a lifestyle I started five years ago consistently. Dude, I literally get up every morning no matter what time I gotta get up, at least go to the gym for an hour. I got stuff set up in my house, I go boxing three times a week. I jump. It's like when you tell 'em, they be like, oh you really doing it, doing it? Oh So you worked Worked? Yeah. 'cause they want you to say that you got the shot. That's truly what they say. That's What, that's it. Are you doing the the ozempic? It's like no I can't. And it's no dis to nobody. You know what I'm saying? But it is funny 'cause people roast you with the ozempic thing. Yeah. Even though it's commercials for like, people will go to my page like And I say I do workouts and like Ozempic.


That's all they say. Like oh I didn't do it but okay brother. That Gotta hurt though 'cause you actually did it. Like you talk about your process and now they, they throw ozempic on you be like I just told you I box three times a Week. It used to hurt but it don't anymore because I don't understand how that's the roast and they have commercials for it that say that what it's supposed to do. Yeah. And I've seen it's just like if I, if I shit it's like oh you go penicillin or Pepd Bismol, whatever the fuck. You know what Emini here like come on Fan. And I've seen you over time and you didn't just wake up like that. Like you have gradually like Lost your, you've seen it. It was a process. It wasn't like overnight I guess like and then, I don't know, it was funny that it happened in the hallway but just I'm proud of myself. This is the most proud of like happiest I think I've ever been like And be proud of black people.


'cause back in the day when you say damn Lon Crack or real got age, They still say stuff like that. Damn they still gonna say you on crack. But then I don't even understand with this like you know, after the Chadwick think you would just think people would just leave people the fuck alone. That's right. Like for real. Like you don't know. But if I look happy, damn. But people are so sad. So they be like, and It's a lot of happy crackhead. So like if But crack heads Crackhead wasn't always skinny. Like it was a dude named Johnny Cash or the west side of Chicago who had the biggest Cal. He's just athletic. The most athletic crack head because he walked every fucking day. Most crackheads in my era were in shape. Yeah, yeah, yeah. They really were had Abs and shit. No you right Man. They was picking up shit. They were shoveling, they was doing all type of shit to get the crack money.


Yeah. So they was in shape. I never seen the fat crackhead though. You ain't never seen the fat one. And then the skinny ones was the ones I don, you know, I think they had to be kinda already a little skinny and then it was, oh I don't know what we talking about. I'm be honest with you, I ain't never seen a dead one. They all the crackheads that I knew growing up still alive right now to this day. Still to this day. Because other stuff, well crack ain't cocaine. Right. So it's the cheap shit. Well crack is fried cocaine. Yeah, but it's like the cheap, it's the cheap version of it. Emini here. That's what Snowfall said. Why are we talking About crack? How do we get in? So Crack is what we need to make lose weight bro. Boring Story Emini here. Honestly, I think some of this shit is crack. Like I don't, like nobody knows what ozempic is for diabetes and then people doing it to lose weight.


It's fucking weird. Yeah. A weird ass time. But people comfortable talking about it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I'm like, y'all got people that's saying they doing it like I to people. Why y'all picking on me? Leave me Alone. I'll say this though. I I I met you a long, long time ago when I had a talk show on MTV. You came on there. You never looked fucked up to me like the way people acting. They acted like You. They act like I was fucking four oh pounds. Like I was Lavelle Crawford and Bruce fucking don de fucking I was al Sharp. Al sharp, damn sharp. Lost some weight too now. Yeah, but they don't eat pick on this nigga. No. Al No.


I get what you said. Al Sharp. That's what I need. I need to show up and do more shit for people. You leave me up. Well you got a new movie Dog Man did it now this Childrens movie. I need to After 20 minutes to Crack talk 20 minutes Crack. Thought I Was, I thought about Crack Kids. Oh yeah. So for The kids Dog Man is oh man. But what's Dog Man about? Dog Man is a a amazing cartoon bass. The dog. Did he? But it is kind of, well Dog Man ain't dark but it's 'cause you know, it's, they put the head together with the man. But it's a really funny and fun movie. I got a chance to do a Pete Davidson and kids are loving this movie And I, it looked like it's tracking to do really well.


So I'm excited to be in that space where we do those cartoon movies that, that really kill the box officers. And I think this is gonna be one of 'em Is the box office back? Yeah. For certain stuff. I think Family stuff is doing well. One of them days is I, I'm proud of what that's doing. Yeah, I'm in that too. And that's good for comedy too. Comedy movies. And they did a good job of that too. 'cause they did a good job of casting and just making it funny. 'cause a lot of stuff just hasn't been really funny. Funny for real. Again, Emini here, that's what I'm doing. I'm about like, when I leave here, I I start directing my first movie and I'm starting and dope. Congratulations. And doing what Tiffany's in it and I guess I could do on Yeah, Emini here. Emini here. We ain't got no PR budget so I might as well Just say who, how's it start Now. So Carlos Miller got Carlos' King batch Tony Baker up.


So this is gonna be, it's gonna be fun. Like I, I believe like it's time to start casting comedians For real in these comedies. Again, it's a comedy horror. You, there's one Comedian you ain't named that be getting busy. Who? She works up here. Oh. I'm like, oh Jess come Did that before else. No, I ain't going, I'm not doing that again. Shut up. We No, he didn't, don't do that. Just he ain't say that. I did not say that. Chances Joe. Also just like if it was some, I love Jess so I know we gonna work again soon. Yeah, Absolutely. Yo, shut up. Don't do that. I love Jess me all the time over this. For real. Yes, You are like great. Like it's, I'm surprised Fantastic people Not begging you to do more sitcoms. Yeah. That your timing and everything was just natural and perfect.


Thank you Bro. But it's not a lot of sitcoms with black people nowadays. Emini here. Not The joint. What, what y'all call that two camera, what they call It? Multicam. Multicam. Yeah. Yeah. Nah, it's not, it is Emini here. But you still got like the Miss Pat show. The Upshaw's. Yeah. Yeah. And so I think, I just think we just gotta like, we just gotta do it Emini here. Bounce got a bunch of, but I don't, yeah, You about to say nobody watching Bounce. I Didn't say that. But you could create something that maybe somebody will watch on there. No, I think it's time to like start downplaying those places. Like the bouncers and all these different places. Like let's go there, let's bring our material there. We trying to get to these other spots. Go to the place that that's gonna accept your material. But it's a money thing too.


I agree with you. But you know, you, we can't just go to these places and do charity. They gotta have the budgets. Well The budgets ain't that great for the other stuff. The big stuff. Neither. They cut everything. So you might as well go to a place that's gonna let you creatively do what you're supposed to do. Do what you want to do. That's why I like Tuby A lick. I I love Tuby. We Tub B on. I'm telling. Oh no, no. Don't proudly say, oh we on two now You gotta joke about Tub Day. I said it kind of low. I said we on Tuby. Yeah, right. Told Joe. I love Tuby though. Tuby. It's smart. I don't think there's no better comedy on, in, on the Planet than Tuby. And it's unintentional. That's un So could you imagine if they I had a really good meeting with them and that's one of the things I approached 'em about. Like I it like, 'cause I don't want just give content. I'm like, yo, I wanna be, let me be an executive over here. Yeah, right.


Let me help with your, literally let me be, let me run your comedy. Yes, they'll help bring the stuff in there. But I'm trying to give 'em my special, I just shot, I, you know, I did a comedy festival last year And I shot my special there. So I feel like Tuby a lick man. Dude we got 94 million. What is 94 million monthly viewers or something? Crazy number like that Dude, they got the view. Like that's why it's time to really like, if they're smart, just you literally could do what Netflix did. Yeah. Just start taking in really good content. Like WB is shit. I wanna do a breakfast club murder mystery on Tuby. One of my favorite shows on Tuby is you wanna Do a breakfast club? Murder mystery. Murder Mystery. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Because I, I like this show called Jess was on it called, I got a Story to Tell. It's an anthology series. Yeah man, that shit's so good. You seen the gas station pill episode with Young Jock And I, Ronnie Jordan was in that.


That was that was Good. That was good. Ronnie Jordan was really good in that. Hilarious. Yeah, he was, jock was too. Have they ever asked you to play a ugly person? Like Rel we need you to play. What? Because in the, in the show, Jacque had to be a, he was, his character was supposed to be ugly. Well start with that. Like you just, I've Never said that. Was that the character description? Like Yeah, No, seriously. Have you seen that? I don Emini here. It was just the nigga that that that he Wanted to be sexy. They called him ugly, sexy, Ultra sexy. I, I ain't never been asked to play ugly person. Well maybe I have asked Kat Williams. He said I'm ugly so maybe I haven't been That ugly. Oh, Kat did say that He called me ugly. He called me the ugliest nigga. He's like, man, you go to the mall in Atlanta, ain't nobody gonna talk to you. I'm like, that's weird. I'm like, I like I I did well in Atlanta when I was single With with what though?


You know what I'm saying? I was in these streets. I'm saying with men, women in Atlanta, Jesus Christ. Charm. I'm throwing in ugly. No re nowadays. Charlemagne. I'm not talking about you. I'm talking about for the specifically Asked me Yes for the internet. 'cause I don't want them to take this outta context. He wanna know what you prefer. I rather have take it outta context. Did you make it context Dumb ass. Like you made a context. What did you do to s assumed did that Man, he just called you ugly. Wanna Know what you want. Not call him ugly. What he doing? Identify, I'm out here. Everything Said you use those in pickle and crack. Jesus is, That's the problem. See what They just tzd me is you just trying now re eye me up and down, see what he can jump on. But You didn't but you didn't go that far.


Emini here. You you Ivy, you took it Emini here, come on. He said well He always, Some of the stuff was a conversation about, we was talking about the crack era. He said I was on crack. So see what I'm saying? But I never seen you with a man. I would never ask. Hey, you was Atlanta. Did you date a man or woman? I I would never See that. Yeah, it was, it was only the ladies. Atlanta is, Atlanta is full of gorgeous black women. When I was in my single days, I, I it was, I used to have good times out there. How much did, how, how has being engaged changed you? I'm cool. I'm chilling. I'm, you know, you just, I'm not in no thirsty place, you know what I'm saying? But I was like that before I even proposed to her. I just got to a point where I was just like, I just want to chill. I'm grown. I'm not, you know what Emini here, I like literally just love being around my girl.


That's it. And it's your second time getting married? Both of us. Yeah. It's both our second time around. So nice. And we, you know, we ain't Diddy, everybody's like, when you gonna do it? We, we possibly may have a reality show and so we may wait to do it and talk about it on the show. Show. Yeah. Yeah. Do you wanna do that? Yeah. Because what I want to do is actually people to see the real conversation about it because I don't necessarily want a wedding. So she does. So we've actually stopped talking about it so we could save it for the show so people could really see what this real conversation is about. Why don't You want a wedding? I think it's overrated. I think I talked about that here one time before By the way that that started a real conversation. Not just online but just in everyday life. People was talking to me about that. I think you said the Wedding or the marriage, what was it? Yeah, you gotta prepare.


What was you gotta prepare for Marriage. I think you should be focused on the the the marriage. But also we should be, I think we should treat anniversaries like weddings. Like how we gonna celebrate some, it's like, it's like when kids start school, right? He a freshman, we give 'em the graduation his freshman year. You don't know if this nigga gonna stay in school the whole four years. Yeah. So that's what I say. I think we should take anniversaries, make those the big celebrations and not the Weddings. Yeah. Now when you say it like that, it's like you spend all this money on a wedding and you don't know how long it's gonna last. Y'all ain't been through nothing. Ain't nothing to really celebrate. I think anniversaries deserve that energy. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. That makes sense. I, I liked it when you said it last time, like put put the, nobody puts the thought in the emphasis into the marriage.


Right. What is this marriage going? What This marriage gonna be like? Like and then like especially if y'all got through a tough year. Yes. I want you motherfucker to celebrate me. Right, right. We went through a tough time. Like celebrate, make anniversaries bigger, spending all this money on these way because now everybody break up so quick too. It looks just crazy. But how would that affect you? I guess times are so different now. You could do whatever you want. Because I was about to say, how would that affect you doing reality TV and still doing film. But I guess it don't even matter Nowadays. I think nowadays 'cause it's not just, it wouldn't just be I more or less the folks would be on her because I think she's amazing and on like blending our families and things like that. So like, also too, it's something fun to watch the way I'm moving in my career too. So, you know, it's a lot of things people don't know.


Like I really, man I really been on my business this season. For me, this is the season of business for me. So, and that's why I did a festival. That's why I'm directing, that's why I'm producing and doing all this stuff. I'm in boss mode now. Are there any rules anymore in Hollywood? You know what's, I don't, I think everything is Hollywood. I, I, that's something I wish somebody would say. 'cause I always hear like, like I, I shout out to my, my homeboy country Wayne. But he always kind of talking about like going against Hollywood. But I'm like, bro, you in Hollywood, like you, you're filming, you're making movies. That is Hollywood. I think we keep thinking Hollywood is a place and it's an industry. I don't care if you put stuff on content on Instagram, you're part of Hollywood.


You know what I'm saying? That's, that's Hollywood. So like I just, I just think we, I think people love to Just say I'm outta part of this thing. But damn Hollywood is Hollywood. As long as you making movies and tv, even skits and all that stuff. Episodic stuff. That's Hollywood. Yeah. Yeah. I actually feel like the traditional Hollywood is kind of behind the eight ball because you got these people like the country wearing the dru skis, whoever they jazz. Like they doing all of these kids and sketches every single day. It's like watching a TV show every day. Well it don't exist Emini here, it don't exist in a good way. Right. It's, it is actually embracing more people. That's why like, you know, we was talking about Tubi. I do love that we are embracing these other filmmakers. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like it's just, it's coming from everywhere.


It is not like, I think we just be so far it's just feel good I guess to say Hollywood. And I was like okay. They don't even shoot in LA for real no more. Yeah. You about, you about to be out here in Jersey a lot. You said what? You, you gonna be out in Jersey a lot? They got the Lions Game studio. Netflix one in, we shooting in Detroit. You know what I'm saying? But we shooting at, so like it's, it's I Emini here. Hopefully la honestly work on its tax credit because especially with the fires and everything, you want to see that community get built back up. Hmm. So hopefully work on these tax incentives because there's nothing being shot in la which is crazy. You live LA now? Yep. Were you affected by the fires at all? Yeah. No, we only had to evacuate one time and that's 'cause of the Kenneth fires, which was really close to us.


Like we can see it and, but we was only gone for one day. But I couldn't sleep that whole first week. 'cause you didn't, you know, the phones was going off. I was watching the news the whole time making sure the fan was good because you didn't know when you had to pick up and leave and you had to have the mindset of all, it's a chance all this stuff is gonna be gone. Did you pack Up what you wanted just in case? Like I'm, I'm gonna put this right here in the car just in case we Gotta go. Yeah, I just took, honestly I was okay with losing a lot of the stuff. I was more or less, I just, all the papers and stuff, they're important papers. Yeah. But I didn't even think I was like, all these Jordans is gone. Yeah. I was like yo, that is is what it, but it's, it's, that was one of the craziest things I've ever, and I'm, you know, I'm from Chicago but like this, that fire thing and the abus was flying everywhere.


I ain't never seen no shit like that. You could See the abus and everything and all that Because it was so windy. It was like two days where it felt like, like hurricane winds. It was, it was frightening. And they couldn't stop the fires because of that. Like the, the fire departments and, and shout out to like man the firefighters. Like they got all those young people that you know that's in jail that came out and they did most of the work. It was crazy. So what's the point of being in LA now if you're not from la like suit to everybody who's from la. Yeah. 'cause they, the people who like really love LA that's, they rep it in the real way. They don't even think what y'all do or what we do when we go out there is really la Nah. They like Yeah. Y'all transplants. Exactly. Yeah. So what's the reason for you to be out there now? Emini here, I, I don't know how long we're gonna stay out there to be honest with you.


But I love la you know, I, and you know, it's tough 'cause wife, he was talking, we had, it was a real conversation about it. 'cause I, I don't know. I'm just, I'm not in no rush to leave. You know what Emini here because I like LA And I'm from Chicago. I think you should live outside of Webb. You grew up at, you know if we move, we probably gonna go to Mississippi though. Why Mississippi? Because that's where she from. And I know people got a bunch of land out there. So I'm like, dude, we might as well go down there and build something. If I'm not mistaken. There's always been a connection. Like a lot of people who, who came to Mississippi back in the day migrated to Chicago. Chicago. Yeah. It's a, it's a whole And I, I think that's why me and her hit it off, to be quite honest with you. 'cause it's, I I love a country, country southern black girl and she's a black girl 'cause people love to call her not black.


I do man. I be, lemme tell you. So this is what I catch. I catch it for losing weight And I catch it for like yeah Cat Sid, you got them light skin, you got you a light skinned you. They gave you, they gave you that light skinned girl around. They gave Hollywood gave it. I was like, what do they do this? What the fuck are y'all talking about? They don't be giving out people. Did the Cat Williams thing motivate you to lose any of the weight in any weight? Nah. Hell no. I ain't, it was already losing weight. I was, I was more or less like when I saw Get Out, I didn't like the way I looked but, and it wasn't necessarily the physical part. It was just like, you know how you could see how like I know it was a great moment but I could see how sad I was even when I was doing a real show.


I was still trying to figure things out. It wasn't until I went to Therapy for real Charlamagne. Yeah. And was like, damn, I really buried so much shit that I ain't even know that was buried. And then you come from the crib from Chicago. Even some of the stuff that I grew up seeing, I normalized it and that shit was affecting me. Mm. So until I went to therapy and really talked this shit out, I didn't realize I had all this shit going on And I really didn't. And I glad And I love that you can speak to that because you were, you were very reserved on set. Like you was quiet, you was like you. It was a lot of pressure on me on that set man. Yeah. And I was doing Too much And I didn't know you as well as you know, like your friends knew and all that type of stuff. But I could still see, you know, it, it was definitely then you had your kids with you out there. It was a lot of things that you had to do also Too.


You, I'm trying to make a show to impress black people, which is so fucking tough to do Lord. What have mercy. You know, I learned a big lesson from there. You just gotta creatively do what you do. 'cause you're not everybody always gonna find something wrong with something. Yep. You know what I'm saying? So like I, I learned a lot from doing a real show. Even just learning to like delegate better. You know, you a lot of times you saw me 'cause I was always thinking about what I had to do. So I learned a lot Emini here. Like between, once again between therapy and then owning a lot of stuff. Like I do everything so much better. I'm a better person on every set I'm own. I bring better energy. Even that sometimes I was overdoing my blackness sometimes like on sets like yeah you ain't gonna tell me what to say, you know and all that shit.


And I was like re you're doing too much


Peace of the planet Charlemagne to God here. And I just want you to know if you're not on Amazon Prime, you're seriously missing out. It's not just about the fast free delivery, although let's be real. That's a game changer. It especially was for me this holiday season. Prime is like your personal guide to everything you're into or want to get into. Whether it's binge watching the latest hit on Prime video, you know, listening to your favorite playlist on Amazon music or getting those last minute gifts, which same day free delivery prime's got you covered. And here's the kicker. Prime isn't just about getting you closer to your passions. It's about helping you discover new ones too. Got a hobby you're obsessed with Prime Fuels it. Trying something new Prime helps you dive deep into whatever's next. It's like me being passionate about mental health. You can order all kinds of books on mental health on Prime. My favorite is the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Prime gets you closer to what really matters. Making all times of the year that much more special. Whether it's screaming your favorite movie or getting that perfect gift delivered the same day. Prime makes everything easy and stress free. Whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. Completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple car play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks impressive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new reimagine Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. What, whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. Att connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


So going to therapy made me literally overanalyze myself and own a lot of my bullshit. You go to therapy said With your wife, you said you was sad too. That's like, that's a Yeah, that's a very specific word. Nah, I was, I was hurting 'cause I was going through a divorce. Like Ronald Get Out was Carmichaels show and so going through a divorce, trying to figure out, you know, I think most dads don't talk about this, but when you know the kids are with the your mom and they was with the mom and they was with you and now you by yourself, man that's an adjustment. And most men don't talk about it, you know, 'cause everybody think, oh you out here back, you know. 'cause most you know, the baby mamas like, oh you out here living it up and da da da. Like no, I'm like laying in their rooms 'cause I miss 'em. I'm sad. Yeah, yeah. I'm sad as fuck 'cause I don't have that energy around anymore.


You know what I'm saying? So I was really, I was really sad And I had to really, when I talked to my therapist about it, I had to open up about stuff that I didn't even know that was buried like that. Mm. And to the outside world, that was your moment. Like, you know, you was having your big break get out, you know, Not myself. Well what's what kept me alive though? Charlemagne was the art. Wow. Performing kept me alive. Like if I had to deal with what I was truly thinking about myself, I don't know. Well I'm sure you learned this in therapy, they say that, you know, staying busy as a response to trauma. That's what I learned. A hundred percent. It is. So, so And I don't see, I never saw you take a break. Nope. Yeah. Emini here. If you think about that time I was doing like Emini here. Look, this the thing about it, like I don't get enough credit. Like I be looking at it. Like I was literally talking to, I was doing an interview yesterday And I was talking about how I was, saw one of those pictures with all the comedians on there, you know, like, you know these the, and I'm like, how the hell, I'm never on these lists.


Like at the Get Out I did like 30 movies. How many standup comics have done that? Which specials and had a sitcom. So I can't make none of these lists. Well tell me who the list is for us now. You Know, it is, it's the same people. It's it is, it's the picture with with the greats on that Addie, Richard, the Kings, Chris, all those guys. Chris, Dave, Kevin, Eddie Griffith, I saw J Faroh and there they had Gerard on there. Martin, you know the, the, the list. But it's like, if you think about it, when you look as totality as a resume, I don't know how many of those guys, even the ones who's great, match it with my resume. Yeah. Why do you Feel like they don't put you on a list? I don't, I don't know.


Sometimes I feel like either, either I've made it look really easy because this Emini here, like I'm still a beast on stage. Like it ain't like any audience person that come see me lie. 'cause sometimes I always surprise my audiences 'cause some of them only see me in movies and they be like, damn, you are hysterical. I'm like, yeah, I'm a really good standup comic too. Mm. Is It because sometimes they look at you possibly as a loner. Like when you see these comedian, you see comedians with each other. We always see real by himself. Yep. Emini here but shit Eddie Griffin don't be hanging out with nobody. Also Too, I know that you've been doing it for a long time, but to the general public, it hasn't even been 10 years. Yeah, but think about this. If you truly look at, I literally did it in such a old school.


Like I would at least think my people would at least push. 'cause I like, I came from the chi circuit. I did it literally step by step. I was on comic view, You know, crazy people don't remember that or see that. They don't that, nah, they don't know that. But That's, but if you, They think have a plant. But Then, but that's what I'm saying, like even that like, but they still put them on these lists. Like I think honestly it's, it's, it has to come from the other comedians. Right. And I've never from the other comics, like comics are text me. I have comics that would never tweet or Instagram. They love my specials, but they'll text me. And that to me, that's the part of that like weird, it is a cliquey thing. Some of the stuff is a little clubby, but like, I don't know. I think and also tees on me a little bit where when I had the heat on me, like, like extremely on me, I didn't necessarily want the press for it.


And that's 'cause I was in a, a place where not necessarily just sad, but I don't know, I just didn't feel comfortable. You didn't want people To see you Yet. I didn't want them to see me. Yeah. That's that's real shit. I didn't want the, I wasn't, I didn't like the, I didn't like how it felt even though things was going great because think about that. We get out dude, I should have been on some magazine covers. I could have did that stuff. I was just like, let the work speak for itself. Let me just stay in the back. You know, it did. Culturally though, like culturally it felt like, you know, that character in Get Out was a, a big deal. Yeah. I've done some culture things. Like even just being on Insecure, that's a big culture thing. Even like doing movies like Judas and the Black Messiah, like being a part of, I've been a part of some really powerful moments.


Like even when Jay did his 4, 4, 4 album and that, and when we did that, we did that music video, the, the Black Friends and it was me, Issa Gerard. Like I've been a part of some really cool things. I I just never participate in hyping myself up like I should have. Hmm. It is interesting, right? And I, And I, I be having these conversations sometimes, like when I look at like you and Gerard Carmichael, y'all had everything, right? Like y'all had the sitcoms, the HBO specials, the big movies. But then it still don't cut through like, oh connect like, like a 85 South show or a Duval or a a a Well that, that's true and not true. It's just spaces for everything. Right. And so like you think about Carmichael's show, that's still a very well loved show.


Like so many people still talk about it and still like approach me about it. But once again, Gerard is kinda like me too. I think until we saw like Gerard, we're seeing him come into his zone too. Now he's a lot more open about everything than he's ever been. You know, we saw by the time we got to Rockel, you know what I'm saying? That's why he had his moment. That's why he wanted to in me. That's why you saw him get more attention with that. And so I think that might be my season now, to be quite honest with you. 'cause now I'm like, you know, some, like I'm such a nerd of this shit. I purposely did everything I did so I could be one of the greatest, I wanted a sitcom with my name on it, on network tv. That all that shit was done on purpose. Even just the way I did the movies.


It's based off like what Bernie Mac did. Like if I could one small row's like Bernie, I kill any role. Okay. Rel make sure even if it's small, be memorable. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So, but now I'm in a place now even just like, even just having a great PR team, I have now, this is the most I've ever been. But, but I feel good. I'm happy And I believe in myself for real. So I maybe I'm comfortable showing people who I am. Yeah. But I also think it's like you said, is is being seen. Right. If you think of some of the comedians that you named. Yeah. You see them all the time. Right. That's what Emini here. But it's not just see them on billboards. You see them at the game. You see them at these events. You see them at these, well you Opening this all the time and Seeing you, you picture and you see them all the time. Even in newspapers, you see them all the time.


Well that's why I've been participating more. It's so funny 'cause like I did that Jennifer Hudson walk thing that came out yesterday and, and people been fucking with. But that, but that's what I'm saying. That's a part of, I know now it seems Stupid, but it connects Well because I feel good though. Envy, like I'm telling you, I'm really confident And I'm so happy. It's almost like I feel I'm excited about letting people feel my energy, but at that time I didn't, it almost some of that stuff I didn't even know if I felt like I deserved it. Imposter syndrome. Yeah. Yeah. I was, I was in a weird place And I could be honest about that. I think at the time I couldn't even admit to that. Even when like Gerard and could tell something was going on And I couldn't articulate it to my friends what was going on yet. 'cause I didn't understand, I meant to ask.


But earlier, do you do couples therapy with your fiance? We are thinking about it. She thinks we should do it. But let me say this, I think we should do it. But for me it was like, I want her to go to therapy consistently on her own first. Mm. Because women love to do this couple shit but won't work on their personal shit. You know what, Emini here. Yeah. Mm. So I love therapy then you should love therapy. We both consistently go on therapy. Cool. We could go talk to somebody together because we know how to do therapy. Right. But she has to find the right person for her though as well. Yeah. Emini here. She had a, she's, well she, who she's talking to now, she, she absolutely loves. So we'll find like, and it's interesting with couples there because I, I be watching like shows like, like shrinking is one of my favorite.


Sh I love Damn. I love that show. Have you watch shrinking? I I saw a couple episode. So good. And so like, it's interesting what, 'cause you know, most couples go to like the pastors and so I don I don't know, it's interesting to find who our couples therapy person Would be. It, it's, what you're saying is interesting 'cause it's hard enough to start seeing yourself. Yeah. So when you and your partner get together and y'all start peeling back them layers and you thought one thing is she thinks another. Oh my God, you thought you would wrong with just you But Charlemagne, we, but even, even though we don't go to therapy, we do that a lot. And it's been beautiful Emini here. Like even one day, I think a couple weeks ago, she was like, we need to communicate better. I'm like, we are actually doing it. We just not agreeing. That's real. Yeah. We talking about it.


And I think that's maturity too. Being able to have a conversation and not agree. Like, nobody has to win this When you get there. That's good. That's when your relationship is good. Yeah. Because first couple of years, I ain't gonna say most people mind is you fighting to win, man, you just wanna win. You, you don't what you gotta do to win. But when you realize now we got two different opinions, all right, let's all keep it moving. That's, that's when you, you you've established something. No, it's, that's where we're at too. And I, And I actually love that. Like, I love the way I, I don't know man. And even with that, right? Like to be legitimately in love and appreciate what love really is and a partner man that's just next level. I like really appreciate her dope. You know what I'm saying? Like, I love talking to her And I once again, even when we don't agree, it's so interesting.


'cause she'll sometimes she'll get really on 10 And I be like, all right, well Do you love it? Like you love your kids. They, they always say, they always say if you love somebody the way you love your kids and you, you really in love. I think your partner's a whole nother level of that too though. Because I remember like when my dad, you know, when my mom passed and just, we are tr we were trying to figure out his pain. 'cause he did lose, he lost somebody who was his best friend who he like decided they made that decision together. That's a whole nother type of love and relationship. So I just think it's different. Right. Yeah. Yeah. I heard you say that, that you feel like she should get therapy for herself first. Like what are some things that you, that you see that she needs to work on, you know, individually before couples therapy?


I don't get in trouble now. No. She's working on, she's working on everything Emini here. We both are like, And I ain't gonna put her personal stuff 'cause we do really talk about it. Yeah. But she's working on it. Like that's why she goes there. Like Danella is so, it is crazy. It is really, the stuff she's working on is all it's gonna do is make her even greater. And like for me, I see her and that's one of the things like sometimes when I kind of get on her about things, it's because I see, I can see the greatness in her. You know what I'm saying? And like, when somebody really see gr like Emini here, honestly, I tell her this all the time. I stopped drinking because I had the right woman. It was something I wanted to do for a long time, but I couldn't, I, I don't know, whatever, whatever I needed she was able to provide for me.


And it was from this like, I know you want to get better and I'm not going to even like poke at you about it. I'm gonna just cover you and pray for you and man, I'm gonna be there for you. That's what it's, and I'm gonna let you know I'm proud of you when you're, and that's what she did. And this inter I I literally just told her that like, it's like one of our weird emotional crying that because that's where I'm at too. Like I, the tears come down down. Like what? Like some days I wake up And I just be like, I like can't believe. I'm like, you saved me. Wow. Like she literally to me saved my life. That's dope. Yeah. It's Gotta I know, I know you gotta go. But what got you to a place of worthy? Mm.


Ooh. That's a good question. Wow. You know, and that's, at first I didn't feel like it. 'cause you know, you go through, it's so funny that happened with the fires too a little bit where like, I kind of felt guilty that I placed in catch fire in a weird way. Mm. Because I felt bad for everybody. Yeah. Like people lost everything. And I'm like, dang, why do I feel guilty about being kind of blessed in a way? Because it didn't happen to me. But it's that same thing was like, you know, when I felt, when I felt worthy for real Charlemagne, it was really, here we go. It was one of the therapy sessions. Right. And I remember my therapist was, I was trying to explain to, I don't know what I was saying to her, maybe acting like I didn't deserve some of the stuff.


I couldn't understand why. And that's when we started doing that exercise to talk to little me, you know what Emini here? Like yo the, the kid who had the dream who was on the west side of Chicago watching the t the tv. Right? Like, dang, I wish I can, like, it didn't seem realistic. It like, even when we say Hollywood did it from where I live, I'm like, what is that a real place? It felt like eyes. But then like she was like, talk to little you because you actually did it. And so that's when I had that moment like, oh shit. I, I went back and told little me like, dude, we made it, we made it in that movie theater where like you, you was sit there for hours and watch back to back movies 'cause it was just taking you, you know, away from whatever you, you made it inside the tv.


Like you end the thing. You are, you are part of this, this beautiful great dream you had and you worthy of it. Like you earned it. Fa And I was like, damn that. And that's really when I felt worthy. And that's why like, I love that. You know, one of the biggest compliments I do get more than anything is like, do you just seem happy? Mm. And I'm like, yeah, I, I'm so comfortable. And just even though not not just being real, like even my relationship with God is on a whole nother level. Alright. You know what I'm saying? Like it's just the conversations I have with God now be so honest.


Yeah. And so, like lately, I'll say it again, like this probably been the most emotional I've ever been in my life. I just wake up sometimes with a, a new praise every single day. That's what it's, And I, I'm loving what I do more now. Even just like, you know, promoting Dog Man and I'm like, wow, I'm on, I'm, I'm in this animated movie that's one of those big movies And I get a chance for a book that the voice has never existed and the first time a kid hears Chief Talk is me. Right. Right. That's so cool. Mm. I'm like, I'm literally enjoying every aspect of this now more than I ever have. Man. Gratitude yeah's. You should. Well rel gotta Go guys. Proud of you brother. Keep doing the work bro. Appreciate it man. Absolutely man. It's Little Rel ladies and gentlemen, make sure you check out Dog Man in theaters now and it's The Breakfast Club.


Good morning. Wake That ass up in the morning, The Breakfast Club.


Listen to me. This is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on Prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passions you're into or getting into. Like right now I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers. Get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bolds Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


This Is surely strawberry from the Steve Harvey morning show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years from developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with a superior lineup of in-stock SUVs, including the Adventure Ready, RAV4 and capable, affordable Corolla cross, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Residents at BrightView, senior living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior, independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.