
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts. The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life.


Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. It doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca Cola limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with your favorite people.


Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos?


That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing mis and seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down, the all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Some in the south side of Chicago is calling and the shy is back. May 16th on Paramount Plus this season, the women are rewriting the rules in the Showtime original series from Emmy Win. Alina Wa They've been loyal, they've been patient and now it's payback time. But the minute the shy aren't giving up their power without a fight, nobody's backing down until the throne is earned and nothing will ever be the same. Don't miss the shy new season screaming May 16th, only on the Paramount Plus with Showtime Plan.


KFC, Chicken and Waffles, fresh juicy chicken and rich waffles with syrup. It's the kind of sweet and savory order that will make people stop whatever they're doing and stare in envy. So as you dig into your mouth, ordering original recipe chicken and warm waffles or dip them in your syrup, try not to eat near people. Crossing the street, driving cars, handling heavy objects or operating heavy machinery, you know, for their safety. KFC Chicken and Waffles is the order people are gonna envy. KFC is finger licking good.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got some special guests in the building. My girls, Lex P Andre, Nicole Poor my podcast. What's up guys? I back Long time. You're back again. I know How. How y'all feeling? Great. Good. Really good. Yeah. Happy to be here. Happy to see y'all. Yes. It's Been too long. It has. Y'all got the new show Travel Queen I'm, first of all, I'm happy to see y'all just evolving. Pole Mines podcast is a hit. Pole Minds podcast evolving Now y'all got the Travel Queens TV show on BET. It's a docuseries. How'd that come about? Also, the production company, cocoa Butter.


They actually reached out to us because they wanted us to audition for it because they had us and like I think some other, maybe like two or three other friend groups in mine. So we auditioned for it, they loved us and then we got it and we started filming maybe like a month after. Yeah, it was really cool. And then we filmed the whole show in two weeks. Cocoa. But I didn't know that's a black woman on company. Yeah. No, it's actually not really No white people. It's a, it's a white kind of Black. Ian and Tim. Shout out to Ian and Tim. They smart. Yeah. Damn. So what did Travel Queens about? Where y'all going? What y'all Doing? So We went to four different cities. We went to Carter hna, Mexico City, key West, key West Charleston, in Charleston.


So it's basically really showing like young black millennials, gen Zers, especially women, how to travel, where to go eat, where to find other black people when you travel. Just how to be safe and have a good time. I think right now in me, I won't say right now, but I feel like a lot of stuff that we're seeing in the media with black women, it's like who fighting, throwing drinks in people's face. Yeah. So I really think it's refreshing to see two black women who are really friends. Yeah. Just having good innocent fun. We not talking about men and dating and gender wars and all this stuff. It's just good fun. Well what about the ladies that are watching it? Like well how am I gonna be able to fly myself out? Don't start, I, we have graduated From that.


But y'all flying y'all stuff out on this show? No, actually BET so out. But I'll Say so a lot of the stuff too is like it's budget friendly. Yeah. Emini here. We went to Charleston, you know what I'm saying? That's my Birthday. You can do a A road trip. We went to Key West so you can drive to Key West. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? You don't have to necessarily fly. It's not like we're doing extremely expensive things to be honest. So I think if you budget, you know, it's not like we're doing luxurious things and going to the Maldives and Yeah. You know, staying at the Four Seasons. Yeah. It's very budget friendly stuff. Yeah. And I think that was the point of the show. They wanted to make everybody feel like, okay, I can come here And I don't have to spend a lot of money to have a good time.


So If a guy was flying y'all out, would y'all still wanna go to those destinations that y'all Yeah, but I probably would've did some different, I ain't gonna lie. Charleston is beautiful Though. Emini here. Charleston is key. Beautiful. I'm not getting Key West is one of them little ducked off. I remember it is. I didn't been taken to Key West before You. Yes. I wasn't threw out by cocoa butter. Yes, yes, Yes. But that, that usually the older gentleman fly you out. Yes. It is a very like quiet town. You can definitely sneak off there with a, with a old. I had never been to Key West before. That was my first time. Beautiful. It was, you know, it was cool. Water blew The water was blue. That's a fact. That's Whatdo. Lidle took. You took because they gonna be confused.


So I just told them that when the older guys perform Phil Fellatio. Okay. They don't really know Conus the what? Conal Dick The conus. Conus. Conus. Kal Lingus. Okay. When when they doing that they say There, See they don't have teeth anymore. You know, they trying to figure out where it is. Especially the ones with glasses, you know when they slip down on the nose and they say They be doing it with the glasses. I Like that. I feel like it's gonna get a little foggy from just a little bit. I like like that. I don need me Little west. Next time y'all go outta the four cities y'all went to, which one did you like the best and why? Mexico Cd.


We say that area because it was just so nice. I feel like it's so many black expats that are moving there from the United States. So it is a lot of black people out there. We went to a r and b night while we were out there. We went to a black vegan restaurant. It's just, it reminded me a lot of the United States but just in Mexico City. Yeah. I feel like outta everywhere that we went, that was my favorite place. I'm not gonna lie, I keep saying that. Charleston surprised me too. Like what? That I've never been to Charleston said why? And I have a really close friend of mine that lives out there and he's been trying to get me to come out there forever. And I was like, what is in Charleston? Like isn't that a dance? Like I was like, I'm not going out In Charleston. Isn't that the dance? What is it? It's not. That's not. We found out out wasn't the, But I was so surprised, like people be taking the nice boats out.


Yes. The food is good. I had a ball in Charleston, like I'm actually planning a trip to go back like for a week Weekend. Charleston is beautiful. I at home. Mexico City is nice too though. It is. It's a lot of people moving there. Yeah, it's my husband's family's from there. Really? I know that husband because he tried it. Y'all both like to travel already? Yeah. Oh Yeah. For sure. And we already travel together a lot anyway, so we felt like that's why it was the perfect show for us. Y'all get tired of each other at all. Be like, you know what, you go your way. I'll go walk my way. Absolutely. We're neighbors.


So I walk, we literally, we literally Live in Atlanta. I live in a building right here and her building is right here. Damn. And the unit that I used to live in, she could see my apartment from the pool. So she would be like waving at me from the pool. No, she, I follow her, I followed Her. I did because they started building a building. I said I'm finna move right next door to my sweetie PI love that. I would love, I love though my best friend. Yeah. Y'all get tired. What? I like I pour Some sugar. You know what's crazy? I think when we were younger and the show first started, we didn't have any direction. We didn't know what we wanted to do. We're going through growing pains. But now it's like she's 34. I'm 35. We grown women. Yeah. We don't have anything to fight about.


And honestly I think it's so crazy when people have podcasts and they make so much money and they be arguing we, We gotta be about life is good. Right. You know how we have so Much fun. Like to be able to travel The World with your best friend and have a business. It is great. It's fun. How Is it when y'all get in relationships though? Ooh, I feel like we do a really good job of still keeping the balance of our friendship. Yeah. And still being in a relationship. Like we always find the time to hang with each other, to go to dinner, to talk on the phone. As crazy as it is because the podcast, we do talk about dating a lot. We are really not male centered women. Yeah. And I, a lot of people think that because we talk about dating so much on the show, but we really not like, we like to be like last year we went to Turks for her birthday.


We wasn't inviting them. We went to Miami one year for my birthday. Yeah. Like we just go on trips by ourself. We're not like, oh our boyfriends have to come. Or if we go to dinner it's not like oh bring your man. It is none of that. We have A good balance For sure. So y'all still booed up? You know, you know, You know they watching right now like damn crazy. Damn In a rocky place. It's in a rocky place. We gonna see what happens. It's complicated. We'll be In and out. Yeah. Which is crazy, right? Because I feel like it, it happened simultaneously at the same time for both of us. We started kind of going through a transition and a breakup at the same time. So, but It's not like in the bad Space.


No. Yeah. It's not Like we're cool, it's cool we're figuring it out type situation. Y'all fuck each other up. Like girl leave him. Alright. I'm gonna leave him if you leave him or No. You Know what I'm saying? You know what's crazy? No. I'm really like that friend where when she calls me and she talks to me about what's going on in her relationship and stuff, I'm just always like, okay girl. Well you know, do what you wanna do. I try to be supportive of what you want to do as long as it is not a physically violent situation or something that you need to leave that that's abusive or anything like that. I try to be supportive of my friends. Yeah. Because I get it. When you love somebody, you wanna stay What? You'all men. It's hard out here. Y'all all men. Y'all all married. Y'all got y'all. I was Gonna say we're not, y'all We're.


She was like, because you're all Men. I long time Y'all And I don why You was just in love last year Lex. I still am in love. Oh, okay. I'm very much in love. Like I said, it is just a situation. We're figuring it out. I don't, yeah. You know, but I think we're both so focused on our careers right now And I know it sounds so cliche but I'm just a person. He's an amazing guy. If we're meant to be together, we're gonna be together. So I'm just not putting pressure on it. You know what, Emini here. Yeah. So it's cool. We gonna figure it out, you know. What have y'all learned about yourselves from doing the podcast? How long y'all been doing the podcast? First of all? Five years now. Right?


No Longer than that. We started doing Poor Minds when I was like 27. So years. About seven years. Yeah, seven years now. Okay. So y'all at that, see this is, people don't realize this is at the point, this is the time where podcasts really start to take off. Mm. Around your seventh, fifth year. Everybody think it's just instant success. Yeah. Around your seventh, fifth year. So how so what have y'all learned about yourselves from That? Mm. For me I would say transparency and vulnerability is healing. Mm. When I first Started Doing the show, I think that I always have kind of had more of a closed off personality. I've always been a little bit more private than lick. She's always been like an open book on the show and I never used to want to talk about things that I was going through. 'cause I felt like it was a sign of weakness.


And I've just always had this thing where I don't want people to look at me like, you know, I'm weak or whatever. So I think that now I'm in a space where I enjoy telling my story. I enjoy telling people the things that I'm going through because I feel like it can help other people get through this through similar things or you know, just being transparent to me is just very important at this point in my life. Because I don't know, I just wanna be transparent. Yeah. I don't wanna get emotional. Yeah. I don't wanna get emotional a little bit. But like I lost my dad and it was something that was, thank you. It was something that was really, really hard for me to talk about on the show. But I wish that back then I had the same mindset because I feel like I was dealing with so much by myself.


And when I started talking about it on the show, it was just so many people and such an outpouring of love. People saying, I've been through the same thing, I can understand where you're coming from. So that's what I've learned. Yeah. Over the years about myself. I think that I really enjoy now telling people what I'm going through instead of just feeling like I have to go through everything by myself About you. Le I think with me, I'm such like a loud personality And I think a lot of times I would try to hide that from people And I just embrace who I am. Like I'm not the sexy girl that's doing all this. Like I'm a tomboy. I like to be loud, have fun. So I, I really got confidence about myself because I'm like, this is who I am.


I think for when I first started like being on social media, I was like doing the bikini pigs. Yeah. Posing by the pool and I'm like, girl, this is not you at all. So I've really been able to embrace myself and be like, you know what you the loud homegirl and that's okay. Like you don't have to fit into this box of what you think that a woman is supposed to be. 'cause people always love to say, 'cause I know you hear this a lot. Yeah. They be like, oh funny, women aren't pretty. Or you have to either you funny or you're pretty, you can't be both. You know what I'm saying? So I feel like I used to try to lean into being the pretty girl and then I would try to lean to be the funny girl and I'm like, you know what, I don't have to be in anybody's box. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So, but you Always been sexy. You just don't give off sex.


Like you saying like you're just not prissy. You're Just Yeah. Well we talked about this on the show. There's a difference between like having sex appeal and like being attractive. Like Drea just is like sexy. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? She just walking around, she's like, hey. Oh Yeah. You know, It's just, that's how she's You have both though. Yeah. You have both. You know, like I said, I just think like being sexy, that's not my sexy Yeah. It's, it really Must, sex appeal is something that's just from the inside I Feel like. Yes. And I just think like that's not a part of my personality, but that's okay. It's not, I'm not saying I'm unattractive, I'm a batty Period. You feel me? You know what I'm saying? So I just think that I've been more comfortable like being in my skin and who I am. For sure.


Growing Out loud is hard. Yes. You know, and that's what y'all have been doing the last seven years on that podcast. Literally Like going through everything. Like she said, we, she lost her dad. I lost my mom going through breakups and then it's like, you know, we be like, oh we in love. And then the next month we talking about a different dude And I be like, oh my God Man y'all They doing the Same thing. Y'all doing the same thing. Nobody but nobody Caress about you. You know? And people not in your business. So yeah, it's hard sometimes going through relationships and growing pains. And I've always been honest about my financial status too because I always say when I moved to Atlanta I had $3 because I 100% did.


Like I wasn't lying. So I think it's important to be transparent, especially as a black woman in this industry. I feel like we always try to hide what we making. 'cause I'm like, oh this company signed up for your ass. How much they paying you? Because this is how much they paying us. Let's make sure that they not Yes. You know what I'm saying? So I think that with the platform that we have, it's like yeah we've grown in front of the camera. But like she said, being open and vulnerable has helped us a thousand percent for sure. So what have y'all learned about y'all selves from doing the TV show? Mm. Honestly I feel like everybody always asks that because they're like, oh my gosh, how was it? It was two weeks. But I'm like, I don't know. Nothing. I guess To be honest. Well Emini here because it's crazy.


'cause I thought it was gonna feel so different. Yeah. But it felt so natural. Yeah. Like I feel like we made for TV a little bit because it felt so natural. It kind of felt like, and maybe because we did it together and we're best friends and we already have that chemistry and the comradery and stuff. It just felt, that's a good word. Thank you. That's the comradery. So it just felt like I'm doing this show with my homegirl and the cameras just happened to be here. How many bags did y'all pack? We two. Two, Right? No we had that one. We had one big suitcase and like our totes and stuff And then a carry on. Yeah. So what We did though Is though we had the, the bags from Amazon that you vacuum. Okay. So what we did is we had each bag for each city.


So I had like my three outfits for Columbia and my vacuum bag. Then I didn't have to open that bag no more. Then when we went to Charleston I had my bag for Charleston. So it wasn't that bad. But I will say shout out to the producers at bt, James Knox and the cocoa butter family. 'cause they really let us be ourselves. They did like, they were literally like, press record, y'all just do y'all. And that's another thing I was worried about. I was like how are they gonna edit this and make us look? But it's definitely giving Lex P and Dre and Nicole. It's Us in real life. Yeah. How was Columbia? How was that? You know what? It was really fun. It was, I had a good time. So that was my second time going to Columbia. My first time going to card Diana because the first Columbia, the country good cocaine out there.


Now how you know, you said that to me in my saying I was in Columbia, you're alive, you're crazy, they're Pure white. I'm weak. So yeah. But Emini here, funny enough, I think that's what people think of though. When you think of going absolutely to Columbia, you think of the cartel and stuff. 'cause like, like I said, I went to me a few years ago to get my teeth done And I was scared to leave from the area where my hotel was and where my doctor, that crazy Emini here, I was just nervous to travel around. 'cause that's what you hear about Columbia. So when we went to Cardina, I had a really, really good time. And then especially with us going to Poque, which is the first free black city in the Americas, it was just so you know that it's Afro-Latinos in a lot of these countries.


But when I say when we were in Poka, we felt like we were somewhere in Ghana. In Nigeria. Yeah. Oh wow. Like these people look like our cousins, our family members. It was just amazing being there and being submerged in the culture. I'd you go all the way to Columbia to get your teeth done Because it was cheaper. Oh I know, that's right. I think here it was like 30,000. I, you know, I, I'm getting a little money but back then they, I was trying to say a little coin, People would get 'em done here. They just all same size, like the extra largest, like nobody ever asks for the mediums or you Said Teeth. They got the front, they get front teeth for the whole row. The whole How all your teeth the same size When they get the top done and don't get the bottom done. And It's like, come on, They need that corner for that. You Gotta get the texture. Like I think that's why my teeth look so natural because he made like the texture in my teeth Or whatever.


And how do men treat y'all when they see y'all from out outside of where? Where y'all usually are outside of Atlanta? What you mean? What do you mean? Because Atlanta, you know they see beautiful women. Oh yeah. But sometimes they might not see that in Columbia. Like, like Americans That damn damn DJ. NV says Columbia got ugly women. Envy says all women in Columbia busted. You know what I Feel like usually when you go out the country and they see American women, they treat American women differently. 'cause they don't usually see American women like that. That's what I'm Asking. Honestly. I'm not gonna lie. I feel like whenever we go anywhere I really can't tell the difference. 'cause I feel like everywhere we go we kind of draw attention. I know that sounds bad but it's like everywhere we go we're used to people like, we like, oh my God, I know y'all from the pod or oh my God, saying hey.


And then when we were in Columbia it's a little different because we had cameras around us. Got you. So of course people are like looking and saying, have You ever looked around at your crew and thought, man these are my people. The ones who turn the smallest moments into memories you'll be talking about for years. The folks who show up when you need them and make your life so much better. Well now you can make those moments even sweeter because share a Coke is back. And this time it's all about celebrating friendships. Whether you're hanging out watching the game or just chopping it up. There's a Coke for everyone from Bestie and bro to classic names like David and Sarah.


These special cans and bottles are made for your whole squad. So grab one, crack it open and toast to the people who make life worth celebrating. But don't wait. They won't be around forever. So grab one for everybody, pop the top and keep the good vibes flowing Next time you're making memories. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousins latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Hey friend, I know how this feels. Waking up exhausted after multiple trips to the bathroom and feeling embarrassed by sudden leaks. I used to be constantly on edge searching for a restroom whenever I was out then I discovered better woman. I was skeptical at first, but two months in, everything changed. I experienced improved bladder control. No more heart stopping moments when I laugh or sneeze. Less urge to go deeper and more restful sleep. I finally felt like myself again. Confident and in control. Better woman is natural, effective, clinically tested and trusted by women for over 25 years. Ready to take back your control. Head over to be better now. Dot com to order your supply today. That's be better now. Dot com. These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. Uses directed individual results may vary


Stuff and being so it's kind of hard to tell the difference between, you know, people how they treat us outside of Atlanta versus anywhere. 'cause I feel like everywhere we go now people kind of recognize us. Yeah. So it's not really like we're getting treated differently per se, if that makes sense. When you said they, they you were scared of how they were gonna edit y'all and make y'all look, were y'all allowed to be in the room during the editing process or you just liked the, y'all trusted them and you just liked the way they ended up editing the episodes? Yeah, We didn't know anything girl. We've seen everything. When everybody else seen me, we didn't know how they were gonna edit. We still watching the, we was on the plane last night watching episode, episode for the first time episode. So are y'all nervous for every episode that come out? You know what? Why? Well, I'm not nervous now. I was nervous of how my body was going to look because I, I just lost 30 pounds. Okay. Okay. Congratulations. Thank you. Okay, so I, when we shot, I weighed like 2 0 5. Okay. So I was so nervous. I kept saying, oh my gosh, I hope 'cause I have like a little belly on me. So whenever I gain weight, like people always tend to think I'm pregnant. They be like, Lex pregnant. I'd be like, oh my god, can I just have a little shot of tequila? Yeah. I had a little, you know, enchilada. You know what I'm saying? So I was really more so nervous about my body after I saw the first episode. But I was like, okay, body tea. How'd you lose the shirt? Yeah. You looked good that trip to Columbia at pure Coke or what was it? You say what? How did you lose the dirty back? Oh no, honestly, I, I used to be a girl. I used to do everything under the sun. You know, the first time I went to Columbia it was for my BBL. So y'all talk about, y'all know Columbia for the, the Coke. Y'all know Columbia for them good doctors. But I just did it natural this time. I was doing a lot of cardio, eating healthy, you know, I feel like, And I feel better now. I think I'm getting older and I'm just all the the, I'm not dis people who do take other routes, but I just had to do it for my, it Wasn't the Ozempic. It wasn't the Ozempic. I don't like needles. I couldn't do that to myself. But no, no Ozempic, no pic. I do wanna say too, you talk about walking in a room, there's something different about Houston women. Houston women have a presence about them that stands out a lot more than a lot of other women. I think it's the size really to be honest. Yes. It's the, it's the what? The Size. The size. The size. They're usually taller, Tall than feet. Well I'm not originally from Houston. I'm from Orange, Texas. I'm, We mean Texas. Everything's big In Yes, yes. I, I agree with that. I think we do have a certain aura we kind of command the room. Yeah. You know, we walk in. We're very friendly so it's, especially when we walk into rooms with people like from New York, they're not used to people speaking. We be like, Hey y'all the southern hospitality, what y'all doing? And accent too. That's Houston. Yes. Houston. It's very Houston all day. I'm H town all day. How far is Orange from Houston? Two hours. Yes. Like two hours. Yeah. Yeah. What's something about y'all friendship that y'all think the TV show made stronger, if anything? Mm. Nothing about our, I think


that we realized how strong we are together and how many, I feel like how many doors that we're opening. Even though I think, And I know people gonna be like, what doors you open? Honestly, podcasting, especially in the South, it's not a lot of podcasts in the South, not like are Right. And the fact that there has been podcasters out there that have gotten TV shows. But it's mostly TV shows that are based on their podcast. The fact that Travel Queens has nothing to do with poor minds. And we're showing our talents. We have communication degrees. Like we went to school for this. So I think a lot of times people don't take influencers or people who started on the internet Seriously because you started on the internet as well. Yeah. So a lot of times we get so much backlash because they're like, y'all just girls who grabbed a mic and started a YouTube channel.


Mm. But I think being on this show, it shows like no we we, we got some tricks up our sleeve. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So I think that it made our friendship stronger. 'cause I'm like Bro, look at what we have done. You know what I'm saying? Even from the first time when we came on Breakfast Club, I was like oh my gosh. Like this is huge. You know what I'm saying? So I think it's just like we realize how strong we are together and how much more that we have to do and Don't speed past the fact y'all got communications degrees. Oh Love That. Yeah, I know. I think people always forget that 'cause we never highlighted that much. But Yeah, graduated from Texas Southern And I Graduated from Stephen F. Austin. What Did y wanna do when y'all in college? Y'all just wanted to be like on TV news anchors or what, what? What? You know, I didn't really know what I wanted to do to be honest.


I knew I wanted to do something in media and then when I graduated I had a little fake internship at 97 9 a box. Shout out to Kedi. He still Homebody ke Homebody ke he still On the radio in Houston right now. And I had a little fake internship with him. I shadowed him for maybe like two months. And then I realized I didn't really like radio. So then I didn't know what I wanted to do. And so I moved to Atlanta. Of course y'all know Lex ended up moving out here. Mm. One of her friends who was also already into podcast and was like, y'all need to turn y'all YouTube channel into a podcast. And I feel like that's when I found my niche. I was like, okay, I'm supposed to be podcasting. But prior to that I didn't know. I thought I was gonna do like hard news. I was like, I'm finna be Al Rocha bitch.


I'm gonna be recording everything. It gonna, I was gonna be like, yo don't understand. I was like, I'm finna be on Good Morning America bitch. It's rain, rain. I was gonna be the, I was trying to do Everything but like I took an internship at my, my school radio station and we were just reporting on hard news every morning. It was so sad. And I was like, I cannot do this. Like we're having to interview people who just lost their house in a fire. Like all this stuff. And I was like, okay, maybe I need to redirect. And so I've always been into entertainment news. Like I grew up, you know, watching e news, you know what I'm saying?


The kids was watching Cocoa Melon out and Rugrats. I was watching E News so I was like, okay, let me do something in the entertainment world like that might be, you know, more of my speed. So I knew I wanted do something on TV and media, but I just wasn't sure. So podcasting kind of made it easy. 'cause I was applying for all the jobs in Houston And I just couldn't get my foot in the door. So I was like, well lemme just create our own lane and do our thing. How'd y'all Connect with 85 South? It was because of Carlos. So Carlos always followed us on Twitter and we were cool with him on Twitter. And I think I shot my shot And I was just like, oh can you come record pour mines with us? And at this time we weren't even recording in the studio yet. We were still recording in the living room at my house.


And he pulled up on us, sat on the floor in my living room and recorded poor minds with us. And then I think ever since then he was just kind of watching us and then he saw how the show kept growing and elevating. And then a few years later he ended up asking us to come on 85 South. We went on 85 South. I think that episode did a million views in like five days or something. Boy, Dumb as hell. Oh my Bad. They so, so crazy. So we ended up the episode, did like a million views in five days and then he introduced us to Chad and he was like, I think you know, we wanna sign y'all. Dope. Dope. That is so Nice. I do have a question. Some advice. I have a single friend.


Oh she has a closet full of wigs. Terrible curly. Make sure you say terrible wigs. Oh you know who the friend is? I do, sadly. She, I don know her. She has a bunch of wigs curly. One day is straight different colors. Mm. She's, she's funny. She's smart. She switches up her wigs like a, like a Netflix series. But when it comes to dating she doesn't seem like she can find the right guy. She doesn't know if guys get intimidated or if they just confused. How would you suggest she meet somebody to secure a relationship Because time is is running out and so are her wigs. Damn. But why did you include the stuff about the wigs?


That's what I was about to ask. What the wig, the Wigs could be The wigs. You think the wig might be the reason why she can't find a man Emini here? Think about It. Just think that I'm sure that y'all felt like y'all had to change about yourselves a little bit and it probably made them, you know, made the made debate a little stronger for the fish. Okay, Well you know what kind of men are she? Is she trying to date? Because you know they say they like bad wig. They The white, they love a crunchy, crunchy, they maybe she white, she not dating in the right pool. Love a crunch. Love a crunchy stale wig. My wigs used to be crunchy. I could not keep the Bretts off of me. They love a stiff wig. Oh they do. But I'll say this, we were actually just having this conversation. We was literally Just talking about this.


They do, they Love a stiff wig. Yo they have that saying hard wig soft life. So you're saying I didn't make that up. Charmagne say that. They do say that. Say that. Maybe She should look at white man a different Pool. She's in the wrong pool. She might be in the wrong pool one. But I will say we were just telling our producer this And I was saying like when you get your look together and you feel confident in yourself, yeah it doesn't even matter. Like whatever makes you feel good, you're gonna attract the right person. I enjoy being polished. I used to have a stiff wig or two. I Still got one Of them in my She does, she does. But for memories are like what I called Her. I said when she wins her first Emmy, I'm gonna put it on eBay in auction Because it's gonna be, you don't got the ponytail in.


It's gonna Be a collector's item and it still has the scrunchie on it and everything. It's in a ponytail. Who do you think lies more women with bad wigs or men with podcasts? Men with pods, men with Podcasts. Hands down. Okay. Oh my gosh. I feel like A girl with a stiff wig. A bad wig. You living in your truth. We can Hate that wig. She ain't wrong. She ain't wrong. Oh my God. Did y'all argue On the trip For the two weeks that we were gone? No. Y'all didn't. We didn't. Me And Lex honestly really get along most of the time. We never really argue, argue into it.


If we do. 'cause I feel like we can, we're at a point now in our relationship where we can sense when the other person low key, tired of each other. Okay. Like, but It be over silly stuff. Like Dre would be running late sometimes and like she'll get in the Uber and I'll just be on my phone like She won't even speak. I be Like, she be like, Hey girl girl you're late. Bring your at. So It be silly stuff like that. But we just don't, it don't be nothing like that serious. Like I said, life is good. What do we have to be mad about? Life Is great but we gotta go back to this wig shit for one second. Okay. I got, we won. Have to open up the phones at some point because I don't believe that. I've never heard the white men like stiff. They Do. If you Think you said stiff wig. Hard life. A hard, hard. Who told you this? I lived it.


I lived it. I'm serious. If you go look on TikTok right now and type hardwig soft life, you gonna see nothing but interracial couples. So Why didn't you stick with the white man then? Because I wanted a Man. I wanted a hard, I wanted a hard life with a hard man. I wanted to struggle with my black king. I wanted to struggle, I wanted to hold it down. She wanted to struggle with some raw Indian. Did any of The teaching of Dr. Umar influence you to dump that white man? You know What people hate When I say this? I love Dr. I do too.


First of all, I excited. They talking about me, talking about I got a bad wig. Can't find it. So nice to meet y'all. I like Joey. Hey your wig looks bti Boy. A hard wig will holler won't he? Hardwig. What you talking about? I Talking about you? Not too hard life. I'm talking about her In that sat, first of all the sassy neck normally comes from over here, but you and your sason all over there spinning around looking at me. Nobody talking about, so I had to come in here, let you know close to my Hardwig. Holler nobody talking about her.


A hardwig will holler. Nice to meet y'all ladies. And I love the show. I think y'all look so pretty on the show. I've watched all three episodes. We was not talking About That's Why you kept turning around to me. We got cameras all in the studio. We gonna run the tape? Oh my God. That's This neck You Keep talking about hard. We talk about that hard dye that's dried over there. Damn. And I talk to y'all ladies. Okay. Yeah, I think your Wig is beautiful. I I like it. I love a Ball. Me too. So messy. Get involved in that ball. Listen. How do y'all protect y'all mental health while still being so transparent At that?


How do y'all protect, Protect your beast? My heart serving Other people. That's We the beast. Our hardwig used to protect me. No CTE over here. Hell on. I was protected. But being that y'all are also transparent on the PO and on tv, how do y'all protect y'all mental health? I pray a lot. I have a great relationship with God. I pray a lot. I also go to therapy. I think it's so important to go to therapy And I don't know why in the black community so many people don't wanna try it out. I agree. Or or afraid to try it out. Like it has completely changed my life. Especially when I was grieving, when I lost my dad, that's when I started therapy And I've been going ever since.


It's been about five years now. Yeah. It's the same. I go to therapy. I recently started going, I go to church every Sunday. I do not play. I've worked on my relationship with God and honestly I really have a tight close knit circle. Hmm. Like my friends and my family, like me and my sister are extremely close. And I feel like that's important. Like when I have like my bad days and I'm just like my best friend is here with me, Kayla, I'm like, you need to come to Atlanta. Like I'm not, I'm, I'm not doing too well. And she will literally hop on a plane and it's dope. Come see me and you know, 'cause we all have our moments. Even with Dre being and my neighbor, I'm like, I had a breakdown last week And I called her. I was like bro, I'm finna lose my mind. So I think it's very important to have people around you that, you know, when I'm down they can pick me up and vice versa.


So yeah. You got a grief counselor Dre or you just a therapist? Just a therapist. Okay, okay. Okay. But Emini here, she did specialize in grief so. Oh yeah. And that helped. It helped me a lot for sure. Glad did because Emini here, I would talk to my mom about it but it was hard talking to my mom about it because she was also grieving as well. And it was just nice to have somebody who was unbiased, who I could let all my feelings out and let them know how I was feeling because at the time, you know, Lex hadn't lost her mom yet. So I didn't have any friends that had lost a parent. So it wasn't anybody that I could talk to that I felt like could relate to what I was going through Man. Yeah. Condolences man. Thank you. And and when, when you are going through those breakdowns Lex and you say you hit dread, would you pull up with a bottle of something and some smoke, what y'all do?


I always got a bottle, not some smoke. I'm not that coke either. What exactly, Because I know where you was about to go. Are y'all gonna get flu out to make yourself feel better? No, but honestly you know what? I don't even think we do that anymore. We used to, but now we really just talk. We just listen Out in car. We used to drink through our problems but we really don't do that anymore. We really just talk it out and you know, just give each other time and just be there for each other. You know what I'm saying? Gotta learn Them good coping mechanisms. Yeah. Yeah. And one thing I've learned is just like I've learned so much patience. I have so much peace in that because it doesn't rain forever. So every time I'm going through something I'm just like, just let it pass.


Yeah. And it always, always passes so I think we, we we nah we still get turned Up a bottle of wine though, you know. Yeah. We don't drink now but we don't use it as a crutch anymore. Not not anymore. Yeah. I was gonna ask y'all too, how do y'all balance like turning up for the show? 'cause you still gotta perform, right? Because it's still a TV show. Yeah. But then being present for the moments that you're experiencing, like those cultural moments in those cities. You know what's crazy? We didn't really drink that much the whole time that we were filming. Like we had a few scenes, like we had a mezcal scene. So of course we were drinking during that scene. I think the drag show. Yeah. We were drinking a little bit and then we had some mojitos. But honestly those were the only three times throughout the whole time we were filming that we were drinking.


'cause we really wanted to stay present in the moment because one thing about us, we gonna take it to the moon, we gonna take it too far. So it's best to just not have no drinks. Yeah. And it's crazy 'cause the mezcal scene that we did that showed in Mexico City last night, that was actually the last scene that we did for the entire show. And that was probably the most like lit that we got because we were drinking so much. But I think it's very different from poor minds. But honestly we stopped drinking a lot on Poor Minds. Yeah. Because it was like some cringey episodes and we just like, oh my God. It was the Houston live show. Oh that's What Houston live show really changed. It was so Embarrassing. What? Because we recorded the show and then we went back and watched it when we got back to Atlanta and it was just so cringey.


We was on stage like, yeah Lex, let's turn up. And we bringing our friends on stage and just drunk taking shots. Twerking. It was, it was a mess. Yeah. One Of my favorite shows. No bet y'all came out and y'all was just dancing and it was like y'all was in the zone. No, not That one. You're talking that was Houston. But that was like our second Houston show you talking about when we had the the Freaknik outfits on. Yeah. You were doing that dance. Yeah, no that was A good show. That Was a good show. We had put our stuff on a drink minimum by, We have a two shot minimum before we go on stage and then we'll have like a drink on stage. But we have one drink when we're on stage and that's it. Once we done with that drink you're done. Yeah. That first Houston show.


We drunk that whole bottle of Costa We Rico. Yeah we was, we was turned before we went. But Even you had nerves. Y'all scared. I'm Always nervous. She was Always a little nervous. Always. I was just Trying to turn up. I didn't realize I was getting so drunk. Yeah. So quick. Something was wrong. So. So what's the long-term vision for this show? More seasons? Yes. We're hoping it's gonna get picked up for a second season. I think we should probably know that within like the next two weeks or so. So obviously we want to get picked up and as far as Poor Minds, we want poor minds to get picked up as a TV show as well. Yeah. That's on our bucket list. Yeah, for sure. I, I think like with Travel Queens, I definitely want it to be a lot more seasons. I feel like we should do like a whole season like in Africa, a whole season in Europe.


So that's what we're hoping that it'll, that it'll grow too. And you know, same thing with Poor Minds. I could see poor minds living on like, you know, maybe like a streaming app or something that, you know, outside of YouTube. I think we're ready to make that transition with poor minds as well and honestly catalog. Yeah, yeah for sure. And more hosting opportunities for the both of us and individually. She still has her cosmetics line that's doing really well. So her just growing in the beauty industry. I have started my YouTube channel Love Lex P. So I'm just doing like hot topics, show reviews 'cause that's the lane I want to get into more hosting as well. So yeah, we just have so much stuff to do And I feel like now that we've made that step into tv, it's like, you know, people can actually see what we can do now, you know?


Yeah, for sure. Shop Muse Beauty. I love that makeup line collection. I was already on that shop. Muse beauty collection.com. Make sure you get your lip glosses, Matt. Liquid lipsticks, lip liners. I also just branched into other cosmetics products so now I have some jelly blushes. I have mascara and eyeliner, so yeah, make sure y'all shop muse beauty collection.com. Well check out Travel Queens on BET. That's right. And thank y'all for joining us so much And subscribe to the Paul Mine podcast. Yes. Big love for Lex p Andre. Nicole. Thank You. Thank you. Thank we Love y'all. It's The Breakfast Club. Come morning. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


Does friendly have a taste? If it does, it's probably like hello's, peppermint flavored anti plaque and whitening toothpaste. Brush away plaque. Show tartar who's boss and remove surface stains to naturally whiten hello's, thoughtful and flavor forward products. Make brushing your teeth. Feel like a confetti filled bathroom dance party. So say hello to hello with the always cruelty-free, never tested on animals toothpaste that's made to spread smiles. Visit hello products.com and let hello add some everyday yay into your life.


Hey friend. I know how it feels. Waking up exhausted after multiple trips to the bathroom and feeling embarrassed by sudden leaks. I used to be constantly on edge searching for a restroom whenever I was out then I discovered better woman. I was skeptical at first, but two months in everything changed. I experienced improved bladder control. No more heart stopping moments when I laugh or sneeze. Less urge to go deeper and more restful sleep. I finally felt like myself again. Confident and in control. Better woman is natural, effective and trusted by women for over 25 years. Ready to take back your control. Head over to be better now. Dot com to order your supply today. That's be better now. Dot com. These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. Uses. Directed individual results may vary.


What happens when we come with death? My truck was blown up by a 20 pound anti taint Mine. My parachute did not deploy. I was keeping up by drill cartel. When we stepped beyond the edge of what we know, I clinically died. The heart stopped beating, which I was dead for 11.5 minutes. In return, it's a miracle I was brought back alive again. A podcast about the strength of the human spirit. Listen to live again on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows. You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.