
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts, Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves,


State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life.


Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. It doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca Cola Limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with your favorite people.


Some in the south side of Chicago is calling and the shy is back. May 16th on Paramount Plus, this season, the women are rewriting the rules in the Showtime original series from Emmy winner Lena Wa. They've been loyal, they've been patient, and now it's payback time. But the minute the shy aren't giving up their power without a fight, nobody's backing down until the throne is earned and nothing will ever be the same. Don't miss the shy new season screaming May 16th, only on the Paramount Plus with Showtime plan Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos?


That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing mass and seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building from the Real Housewives of Atlanta. Shamia Morton. Welcome. Hey. Hey Re Hey. How you feeling? I'm excited. I've been waiting to come hang out with y'all for so long. We seen you. You been Thank you. We Seen you. We pass you in the halls. We been Seeing you here. Yeah. I'm just tired of passing y'all just, I just wanted to be in the room with y'all. I be in hall. Well, your other shows up here. Oh, she did You show. Oh, okay, okay, okay, okay. Got you. Got you. Gotcha. You. Yeah. So how you feeling? How's everything? You know, everything's been great. New York has been kind. My birthday was yesterday so I gotta celebrate here. Y'all know how to party up here on the 13th?


Yes. That's me and my wife's anniversary. Dope Stop. 24 Years. That's a beautiful thing. You picked the right day. You picked the right day. I picked right day. Why Do I care my birthday? Yes I do. I love it. Black love. There we go. There you go. Well you got your new single out. Never had. Yes. I love it. Oh my goodness. So I'm excited about that song. 'cause RL and B Flat helped produce that. You know Earl from Next and you know how it is in the industry. You tell people you really wanna do something like Yeah, yeah. Come by the studio and no one ever follows up and really don't do anything. So me being at my big age, you know, it was still a passion of mine to sing and do music and he gave me a shot and people are loving it And I'm loving that y'all are supporting it. Thank you. I First talk about how she walked in here.


She walked in here with sparklers and liquor for everybody. She did like, it was the nightclub. I felt like I was about to get a shot. She had the two bottle girls with the sparklers. She came in like, Hey, y'all bought bottles. Charla Mason said, can I tip y'all? Like you. That one. So kind. Why do you think your career didn't take off the music cri In the past it's been, 'cause I've been in girl groups or you know, like I was in the group co-ed roll with me back in the day. I was in Rolling Me Roll with Me. I know that song. I Rick. Okay, so what is that? That was Girl Group with Carrie Hill. I did A girl with Carrie Hill, it was called Pretty Tony. And then of course Shamari Fears went a group called Intrigue back in the day.


I've done lots of groups and you know how it is with groups. Back in the day it was like somebody else gets signed by somebody, then now the group is broken up or somebody gets pregnant. Now it's over. And I think I just got burned out at a young age and that acting check was better. So I started focusing on that acting, hosting and the music. Love was always there. So I was like, I'm going back to it. But you've Always had a beautiful voice Though. Thank you. Yeah, thank you. I appreciate it. So yeah, I was like singing at churches, bar mitzvahs, funerals and it was like, okay, I gotta, if I gotta do it, I just gotta do it on my own. And now it's easier 'cause social media helps you to just put your own stuff out there. Yeah, you gotta to wait. Yeah. Like back in the day it was like, you gotta do it for a and r.


Have a whole showcase. Somebody's gotta prove the label. Gotta sign you. Then you gotta hope that they put it out. Now you're just seeing on Instagram and hope it goes viral. But With that said, what does success look like in that space for you at, I think I'm living in it right now. Okay. Just having my song even hit the chart is a blessing because I'm like, Lil on me. You know, I just, I don't know, even people just singing it and tagging me in their videos like, oh, it's a vibe. I like it. It feels good. 'cause now I'm just not singing it for my family on a fireplace stoop. It is like, no, they, The World is loving it. Gotcha. So are we just doing singles or are we Oh my goodness. Album in the Making a ep. What's going on? So I just shot the video for it. Ooh, okay. So I'm gonna release that next month.


And I don't know, I've gotten five strong songs so far, so I don't know if I wanna do EP or album, but we'll see. Yeah. Now also, we gotta ask you, were a friend on The Housewives for a while. For Forever. So you've seen The Mess, you've seen the craziness, the fights and all. Yes. What made you want to be part of that franchise as an official member? I think I've always wanted to do it, but they wouldn't allow me to do it without my husband actually agreeing to come on camera. And he wasn't for it. He was like, I support you doing it and the, and our kids and y'all can film at the house. We understand that. I just don't wanna be on camera. Yeah. And when they came over, did a test shoot with me, they saw how I was living and they were like, I don't think we'll need him.


Was on the show a little bit Though. They were like, well, they were like, we'll, we'll be able to move forward. You know? That's Was holding now on how much money you had and everything. Well, you know, I don't know. I just don't leave with it Emini here unless you know me. And we are like great friends. You wouldn't know because Emini here. I don't know, it's weird for me to be like, Hey, you know, I'm Rich, but are you trying Funny? But if that's what's required, you know, for you to get on the show. Were you ever, was that something that you, did you even want to have a peach on The show? Or did you like Better friend? I did. I did, but I just, I didn't think that it would ever happened because he again had to agree to be on camera and he was like, mm. But then he ends up joining us a little bit this season, like for big events for me, like my birthday or my showcase and stuff. And he, he pulls up, but he was like, this ain't, you know, he, he shies away from cameras.


That's not his thing. And I'm like, I respect that. I was gonna ask too, 'cause there's so much focus on relationships on this show. How, how did you get him not to film? So you, how did you get him not to have to film a whole season? He films a little bit. He A little bit, he does come a little bit, but it's not like our personal life is, you know, that's me. That's not, you know, you only can give what you want to give or show what you wanna show. And I think, you know, he pulls off our kids and my birth like the, the big moments, but he's just not into it. Like, And the network was completely okay with that. Yeah. Wow. Dope. Finally Emini here finally. You know, I've been, and that's another thing, I feel like my personality and just what I bring is enough. I don't necessarily need y'all to, he's, it is not the Housewives, you know, the husbands, it's the wives.


So the focus should be on the wives. And I think anytime the men have gotten too involved, it's been messy. I think it's been weird too, like when the men are just sitting there talking to each other about the women. It just seems weird on the show. It's weird. Yeah. Even after they're at your party, just when they go to the men over there talking in the corner, it just seems odd. Like, you know what, Emini here, you would be right over There. You Would be right in that mix. I would. But it seems weird, Kiki. Yeah. You right. But It seems weird. Would you and your wife ever do something like that? No. No. Mm. We thought about it a couple of times in the approach, but, mm. But I wanted to ask for, for people that don't know, how close are you and Porsche? Meaning growing up, how, like, were y'all best friends growing up? Did y'all live down the block or? So Our parents were best friends. Oh. And that's kind of how we became friends. And you know how it is when you, y'all take family trips?


So we go and it's like, at first it was like a forced friendship 'cause it was like we were childhood friends. Then I went to college, she did her thing. And after we just kind of came back together when she got married and it was like, oh my gosh, I missed you. Like, and we were like inseparable since so prior to this show, I would like to think that we were very close. Yeah. But the show changed that a little bit, As you can see. Yeah. And that's unfortunate because I love Portia, you know, and we have a good time together. Like she's super silly like me down to earth and just this platform, I just, I pray that it wouldn't change things, but unfortunately it has. And it's, it's like a lot of people muddying and mer you know, making the water a little mess. It's messy. But you know what I Saying, they're real or manufactured because Emini here.


No, these feelings are very real. I'm Everything. Do you think they're being exploited, like for a storyline? I think that they're just messy. Like I think some of these women are messy And I, I would never have allowed them to ruin our friendship or even muddy the waters. But she's listened to some of the things that they've said. And of course with this show, everything will be revealed. It would be shown to you. And it's like, we've gone this whole season and not really been speaking. So when you watch it, it's gonna be like, okay, see I told you, I told you that Drew said this about paying for your child's college. Yeah. As a real friend, I'm not gonna allow somebody to talk about you in your absence.


I think you should have thought like, been like, thank you for holding me down in my absence. Instead she's like, oh, you're trying to start a mess with me. And Drew or is like, you brought it back, you exaggerated it. And I'm like, it was no need to exaggerate it. The girl said what she said And I said that, she said a jokingly, but she said it. And I didn't even add the part about, oh, I'll be at a bar some snacks. Like it was just all pay for college. And I'm like, no. If someone came and they said, oh, I'm gonna pay for Marley Skyes College, I'm like, no. I, I I I'm sure Jess got it. You know, you don't need to do that. Yeah. You know, you're being messy. And I how much the edits, I hate that. How much do the edits really affect it? Right. Because there was one part and you know, I see watched the show with my wife, I guess you guys were going out for dinner and one of the girls you, I like first time meeting him and then she threw a shot at Porsche right away.


Right. And you was like, that's my friend. So before you go there, that's my friend. So how much of the show edits that? We don't see that. Maybe you did check and tell her this that, but we only see that little glimpse of it. Oh yeah. What was that Emini here? You know, you only get what an hour so they can't show everything. But, but they're filming all day. They're like mostly all day filming. Absolutely. And I definitely did check both of them. You know, they kinda came from my friend and you know, that's the problem that I have now on the season. Like I'm the lab dog because I'm a super loyal person and I'm a loyal friend. And if that's what that means, then I guess I'm a lab dog because what you're not gonna do is talk trash about my people and not expect me to speak about it. Right. And speak up on it. And I brought that information back to Portia as I would think I want her to do it for me.


Like, Hey girl, this is what they said. Like I, I told 'em that she get to know you for yourself. You know, they were be like, oh, you know how you, you let your friend steal that lady's husband? I'm like, yo, this is how these new girls are coming. I'm just giving you a heads up. So, you know, and it was like, it's all that's being turned around. Like you're being messy and talking about your friend. Now is Portia a a different Porsche outside of Housewives and she is on Housewives, you're her friend. So you would know that, you know, y'all known each other for a while. I think that on the show she can kind of like close up and not be as vulnerable and open. But, but rightfully so. Like sometimes on this platform you get torn apart for being vulnerable and being open. It's like, oh, you should have did.


So you, so it's like almost like you damned if you do, damned if you don't. So yeah, I do think that, you know, she's guarded in a sense. Yeah. Whereas if we're just one-on-one hanging out, it's like, it's whatever. I'm a open book and the sky's the limit, whatever like it but the show of course she's like, I'm gonna harness and hold back on some of this stuff because I don't want to be judged or I don't want to feel, you know. Do you feel like things changed after you got your peach? Yeah. Even more than before. Yes. Because now we're sharing this space in this spotlight and it's uncomfortable. Yeah. You feel she's jealous? Like why would you I don't know that, I don't know that she's jealous. I don't wanna say that, but I just feel like it's just different. 'cause before I was just a friend of, now it's like I have, I have a mic on before I would be at some of these events and no one would even know I was in the room.


'cause again, I'm just a friend of horse or a friend of candy And I may have an opinion on something, but you wouldn't know it because they didn't catch it. Whereas now it's like, oh, well where does Shamia get this big voice from? Or this big personality from, well, I've always been here. I just never got the opportunity to express it or show it. And, and, and like I said, back to Porsche, I just don't feel like, and, and a real friendship, you have to like, I don't wanna say be guarded, but it's like, are I cool to say this? Like, we good. I don wanna eggshells. I don't wanna out nothing or I don't wanna talk about something that you're not comfortable talking about or bringing to this platform or bringing to this space. Like, are we good? You, so you're kind of like walking on eggshells.


It's like, for the longest time it's been her thing and now this is our thing. And whereas before as a friend of the show, it's like, hey, we ain't talking about Dish on. Okay cool. Now it's like, well this is my personal life. You're my real friend. This is what it is. We have, I'm, I'm open, I'm super open and, and, and rich in authenticity. Whatever I am is what I am on camera and off camera. So there's nothing off limits for you to talk about with me. People Would say, you know, in the, in the comments that, you know, she didn't come up to your wedding. She came late to your birthday party. She didn't come to the wedding. In Kenya. Yeah, in Kenya. And I, and to be clear, I only had one wedding. Oh, okay. So you didn't have to. And that was a wedding in Kenya. And people Would say that, you know, she, why, how did you feel that she didn't come when she was up here?


She said the reason she didn't, she was late for your birthday is that she said it was traffic. She can't shoot in her house. She shot at her mom's house. Why you looking at me like that? I'm Just looking, I'm just telling you what she, okay. Okay. Alright. She said that she, she was in traffic, she couldn't shoot at her house, so she had to shoot at her mom's house. It was way across the other side. So it took a little extra time. So how did that make you feel when she missed both of those things as her best friend? And see that's the thing, when I speak on it, it's like I'm throwing shade at Porsche, but, And I should have forgiven her years ago. Okay, yeah. We moved on. But since I'm on this platform now, all of this stuff is coming back up And I'm not bringing it up. And that's what happens. And I, And I gotta talk about it. Right? But so it's like, I'm not on this Porsche tour of just trying to slander Porsche and shame her. Like I'm, that's not what this's about.


But the reality is, yes, she did miss my wedding in Kenya. And yes, it was hurtful and we talked about it and we've moved past it. But again, that's one of the things that the ladies bring up on the show. Like, oh, it feels like your friendship is lopsided. She didn't come to your wedding, she didn't do this. And I'm constantly having to defend it and in return she's listening. Like, you talking to me, you talking about me to your, these other girls. I'm like, no, actually these girls are bringing you up to me talking about how you're not a good friend. But yeah, Emini here, all that stuff happens. It's the real deal. Like, I didn't make this up. She, I didn't tell her to come late or she showed up when she showed up. It looked how it looked. I don't have any control of that. But you also know your friend, right?


Like, so you know her like, you know. Right. You know, Portia don't like to be around a lot of people. You know, she's a cancer, she's a homebody. So for sure being that you know her, you don't give her a little bit more grace like I do. You know her better than them girls. They telling you do I do. That's what I'm saying. So even when she, so even when she came late, I was like, it it is what it is. It's cool. I've downplayed everything, which is why they think I'm a lab dog. 'cause they like, why are you, why do you keep giving her this grace? You should speak up about it. You should say something about it. And I'm like, it's whatever. But then in the same token, she's a homebody and, and she's a introvert, but she also shows up for other people's things. Got you. That makes sense. So, you know, you, you, you started off and side note, these are some of my wife's questions. 'cause I asked, I was like, he lying Sha is coming.


I told You he be with them guys over, if you like the show, you like the show. Why you gotta be like That? So my wife question asked, my wife asked just 'cause I said, babe, send me some, send me some questions. What you would ask. She was like, so at first you were Pia second chair, like her, you know her homie, her her cheerleader, right? Yeah. But it says, now you know, you've taken a, a different outcome. It says you've become a boss and you're standing on your own. Aw. What do you say about the change in the public's perception of you? And do you think that they had it all wrong from the beginning of who you are? Well, thank you white people for calling me a boss. I appreciate that. I think that I've always been me. I just never had the platform to showcase who I am and what I stand for.


My friendships, my faith, my family, the fun girl side of me. I just never had that opportunity. So now that I'm here, I'm like, all right, this is what it is. I just, I'm a good friend, I'm a good follower, but I'm also a great leader. And I think that's what makes a good leader. Somebody that can follow and sit back and let everybody else shine. I don't mind it. It doesn't take anything away from me. For you being the first chair or you being I'm, I'm cool plus one whatever. I know how I'm living And I know what I'm bringing. Okay. Lemme ask a question. Just, just, I'm just asking. Right. Doesn't it seem a little strange to like now have issues with a friend? Because y'all on a show that Y knew each other all your life. Right. I would think that you would, y'all could fuck the cameras like y'all posture, what's up?


Like, And I, I've reached out And I, you'll see this upcoming episode that, but That's what I'm saying. I shouldn't have to see that on the episode. Emini here, but even outside. But that, but see, that's the only chance you have to see it because everything else is done in private. Gotcha. And no one believes you when you say, oh, we spoke about this in private and it's fine. Yeah. Then it's like, oh no, you're too scared to confront your friend. But a lot of times I tell people, no, this was not for y'all. This conversation was not for y'all. It was for us. And it's like, but you're on a show. You can't decide what's private and what's not. Right. You know, because again, you wouldn't know like this drama or this tension if it weren't for the show. So Emini here, we talk about things on the show and off the show and it's like, it's a weird space.


I, I don't want it to be that way. Emini here, I posted her, her daughter and tried to extend it Olive branch and show love. And she's been super distant And I was very shocked yesterday to even get a birthday post. Mm. I was like, yes, thank you. Like wow, I love you. I'm, you know. Yeah. And you did text her. Yeah. And she text me Happy birthday And I was like, thank you so much. I was like, this made my day. You think she's been distant? 'cause she doesn't know what's for what's what, what could potentially be for TV and what's real anymore between y'all? Possibly. Possibly. But I'm like, can we talk about it? Like Yeah. But y'all know this is all for Like, If, if producers and things like that and you know, showrunners see that they're gonna try to make that a bigger moment anyway.


Whether it's what y'all wanna do or not, you're Gonna find put Little bugs in the ears and They can only do what you allow. Yeah. Right. And if, if you, my like day one, I should be able to be like Charlemagne. Like, yo, this ain't what it is. I love you. We, we, we locked like this. We not, no one can say, here's what Drew said, just FYI and you, you take it for what it is not, I don't know. I'm not feeling, if feel like you creating something, why would I finally wanna create something on the show? Like the I'm the same person that I've been. Yeah. This not trying to be funny, but I spent money to be on the show. I, that's not where I get my money from. You Say you spent money.


Yeah. I what you mean? The lavish parties and all that stuff that cost. Oh, gotcha, gotcha, gotcha. The, the, the money that I'm getting on the show is not enough. It goes Back into investing on your personality on the show. Yeah. Way more. I, by my first birthday party, my, the first event I had took that whole check away. Damn. So it's not like, not trying to be funny. I enjoy the show And I love it And I appreciate it for the platform that I'm getting to expose things like my music. But at the end of the day, it's not a deal breaker for me. Like you are, our friendship is. Yeah. The love I have for you is, so at the end of the day when this is done, and if they say, oh, we don't need you next season, I I'm here. We, we should still be able to move forward with our friendship.


Envy texted me a question to ask you. He said, that's my essence. Essence published an article that claimed you nor Porsche are innocent in your friendship drama. What are your thoughts on that perspective? Okay, essence. Thank you Emini here. That's all on your POV. You know, I, I can't change. And a lot of people in comment in the comment and say, you know, oh, Mia's no victim. Porsche's no victim. They're the same whatever. Well you know, hey we're friends. We've been friends for a long time. So you know, hey we probably are a lot alike. That's not a bad thing. I think she's a good person. So This is another question. I ain't like this question. No, but so enlighten us.


Some of the best memories aren't just about where you are, it's about who you're with, your crew, your day ones, the folks who always got your back. The ones who turn the most random moments into inside jokes you'll be laughing about for years. And now share a Coke is making those moments even sweeter This time. It's not just about sharing a Coke with one person. Nah, it's about sharing with the whole squad. Because what's better than drinking an ice cold Coke sharing one with the people you love most. Whether you're kicking it at the cookout, vibing at the game, pre-gaming before a night out or just hanging out and catching up. There's a Coke with your name or better yet your nickname on it from friend bro Best year girl to classic names like Sarah Riley and David. These cans and bottles are all about your people. But it's bigger than just having a name on a can. It's about uplifting your friends and celebrating real connections. It's about appreciating the moments that matter, the road trips, the late night talks, the big wins, even the Ls we take together. It's about the little things, the inside jokes, the group chats, the remember that time when moments that turn into the best stories because Coke is here for all of it. To make sure you enjoy those moments with the people who matter most. Because sharing a Coke isn't just about what's in the bottle. Nah. It's about the laughs, the love and the connections that keep us together. So go on, grab a coke for everybody, raise it up and turn a regular day into a memory. But don't wait too long because these limited edition cans and bottles won't be around forever. So next time you're with your people, don't miss your chance to share a Coke because the best moments are meant to be shared.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy.


The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even look at to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, add to build something that State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025. According to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co Inc. Toyota, let's go places


Enlighten the rest of The World. What is it about these Africans? LOL You have one portion has one. I'm just, I didn't ask that question. Okay, but hold on. Lemme tell you this, I I I have my African before. It was cool to have an African all right that this is back in the day. I've been with my African for 11 years. That sounds crazy. This is, this is pre, this is when I got crap for being with an African. This is back in the day when y'all were posting the whole starter kit with the Chanel bag and the ashy feet and the, that was like the African starter kit. That's the African starter kit. That's what y'all was posting on. That's the meme that was going around. That was the meme. Thank you. Come on. You know it, the meme used to go around and then I even had people be ugly about it. It was like, you better get him tested. You better make sure you don't have aids.


Jesus. You know, it was nasty work. Crazy what? Yeah, this was like about our people. That's what we come from. Thank you. Thank you. That's crazy. And it was all the nastiness and then there was this new wave of get you an African and it was all glorified. And I'm like, well, hold on. Because when I got with my husband, y'all were being mean about it. I lost friendships over that. Yeah, really. One of my, one of my old homegirls actually said, you know, he's got about five wives, girl. I'm like, where are these wives? Because we got married in the Catholic church in Kenya and they actually have to do a full publication of like in the press, in the news, everything. They say, this man, Jeremiah Ggi will be wedding shamia, Yvonne Morton on this day at this church if anybody objects to it.


And we had to tongue just now I didn't, no, that was her husband's, that's my husbands name. Name. Oh, SHA. So we had to do a whole, and then, you know, with the whole scam and stuff like, well you, you have to go and get cleared with the embassy to marry. So if he had all these extra wives, I would know about it. They would have come up in his profile. Like, it's the weirdest thing to me. Yeah. And yeah, I was like, I had to stand 10 toes down my, I love African brothers And sisters by the way. You and me both. Yeah. 11 years ago you didn't know Africans were balling something wrong with you. Yeah. You ain't paying, you wasn't paying attention. They were real nasty with it. Like, ugh. Yeah, you gonna marry him.


Okay, well girl, be careful coach. Yeah. And I'm like, And he's the president of a Dominion Energy. What is it? Dominion. Yep. And You ain't doing your homework. They build Hvac. He counts money. That's what he does. He counts money. Absolutely. I like, 'cause you know what I like, I like seeing black people 'cause he, they are black. I like seeing black people do things that you don't normally see. People see people do doing. And we always scream about going and learn a trade. Right, exactly. Like everybody can't be a celebrity. Everybody can't be an AP basketball player. Yes. So learn a trade. But he actually has a whole HVAC company, Company, several. He does mergers, acquisitions. So he, they build and manufacture HVACs from, you know, they government buildings, airports. Oh you know, oh, Filthy, filthy, filthy rich.


So filthy. What a color in for, for last birthday a couple of years ago. A year ago. Last year. Rose race. Rose race for you, sir Rose race for you. I'm so happy that you are Glow and that you got your music, you got your, your lovely husband. I know I seen in a recent episode that you was talking about your former ex-husband, my ex, who was abusive. And you said when you, you were married, 10, four year, you got divorced, then you felt like people turned their backs on you. Yeah. How did that impact you moving forward? Like did it impact your, your, like did it put a strain on relationships, friendships, platonic friendships and, Yeah. 'cause you know, in a divorce it's like they gotta pick a side. Like they, and they always go to the, the richer side.


So yeah. Like all those people kinda, I, they didn't really believe me when I talked about the abuse and the relationship. And it was fine. 'cause the people that I love in my family, they did. They saw it and I had to just move forward. Like some of the same people that introduced me to him. And you, you see it on the show. How like the lady that actually introduced me to my ex end up calling me and apologizing like this was in 2008. All these years later she finally sees that. Oh my goodness. 'cause he did it to somebody else. And she just was, she was crying. She was apologetic on the phone. Like, I'm so sorry, I didn't believe you. I just thought he, And I was like, you know, I get it. Like he is this popular guy.


He, you know, he represented amazing artists in the, in the industry. He was that guy, like CPA accountant, like all the things. And it was just better to just go over there 'cause of his popularity Gotcha. And his finances. And I was just a regular cheerleader that was just, you know, graduated college and was just figuring it out. You know. I will say it's good that she apologized 'cause you don't ever see people when they wrong come back when they, when they figure out that they were wrong and apologize. Oh yeah. They're all, they're all very much, even if they don't apologize for it, they, I'll get a DM or I'll get something from some of the people in that crew. They'll be like, Hey you do anything, I'm proud of you.


Or hey. So it's like, to me it's like a nod of like, all right, cool. I'm like thank you. You know, You cheered for the Hawks for what? Over a decade, right? No, no, no. I've worked in the, in the NBA for, 'cause I'm doing like sideline reporting and endgame hosting for the NBA. But I did cheer for five years. You cheer for five and then you turned into a sideline report. Yep. Wow. Why did you stop doing it? What? In game hosting and sideline reporting? Yeah, I'm still doing it. Why? Yeah, I just did all Star and everything. She said she don't really need to be on the show 'cause she have so many other gigs. Like a Jamaican I do that is interest working. Interesting. So if you, you, you clearly don't need the money. You got an actual career. Has the show Real Housewives been everything you thought it was gonna be so far?


Is it worth it? Absolutely. Emini Here, look where I'm at now. I'm here hanging out with y'all. You wouldn't have even known me if it weren't for the show. You know, like you would've known me as Port's Friend, but there wouldn't have been any value to me coming and hanging out with y'all. So the show does have its perks like this like, you know, and the song and that song and my song. Yes, exactly. Just like I wanna be able to showcase my music, you know? And then also bring awareness to children with special needs. When I had my daughter, I, there was so much I didn't know and didn't have the resources and didn't know where to go because people that look like me or the cool kids aren't supposed to have kids that have disabilities. Right. And it happened to me and it was like, oh my goodness, this is my new life. This is my new normal.


I gotta figure all these things out. So just being able to have this platform to showcase and shed a light on that kind of stuff is even amazing to me. Is It true that you and Candy Burs had the same surrogate? Yes. Wow. Yes. S Sheina. Oh, Sheina, Okay. Her name is Sheina and she's amazing. Shout out to S Sheina, she breast cancer survivor, all the things. And that's how Shiloh was born early because of her diagnosis and Oh wow. How did you know Emini here? Did Candy recommend her? Like I Don Emini here. I don Yeah I met her through Candy. Absolutely. She has a Surrogacy agency. It's called Surrogacy Miracles. Her and Dr. Jackie own the agency together. So initially I went through the agency to try to get a surrogate And I was like, well Emini here, you carried Blaze, you did a good job.


Why don't you just carry my child? Right? Yeah. I'm an idiot. So I never thought about it, but I was like, if you're a surrogate, you've probably done that more than once. I never thought you did. Yeah, of Course. People do that. Like it's a business. It's a bi. Yeah, exactly. That's how they make their money. Wow. I wanted to ask about Kenya right now. Is she on pause or is she fired? I don't really know, but I think that she never returns from the, you know, from that point for the rest of the season she never returns. So Emini here, I don't know if she'll be back next season. I don't even know if I'll be back Emini here. You know, we don't, I don't make those kind of decisions. And What was your thoughts on the way how Bravo handled it? Before You answer that, I love you girl. I gotta go. I love you too. Thank you so much. She lying. She was talking so bad about you.


Boy. I can, can we get at least a cell people before you go? Yes. Talk About Kenya and the way Bravo handled it. What were your thoughts? You know, the network knows more than I would. They, they've done their, they did their homework, they did their investigation and they felt like they made the best decision. Of course, that's my boss, I'm gonna support it. Whatever they say is what, what it is. Is she gonna do the reunion or we don't know as of yet? I Don't know. I I would hope, I would love to hear, you know, what her thoughts are at this point after she's seen it all. But again, I don't know if she there. What Did you think about what she did as, as far as the leaking and all that? Oh, it was jaw dropping for sure to be there. And I guess you had to be there to feel the attention. But I was like, you know, you hurt me.


I literally was like, Kenya, come on girl. Like that's too much. Like that's, she was like, you don't tell me it was too much. Be you. You know. And she kinda was like, so after she apologized for that, but I guess if you, I guess every action has a reaction and she felt like this girl did this, so I'm giving it back to her. I wouldn't have handled it that way, but she did. And, and you see where we are. So Can I go back to the surrogate thing for a second? You, You think about getting one? No, I just, I just, I just want, 'cause you actually, you, you carried a child and then you had Yes. A surrogate. So what's the difference between the experiences? So I had a great pregnancy with my firstborn.


I had a C-section and it was fine. I didn't, I, I'm still actively trying to get pregnant. If I was to get pregnant tomorrow, it would be amazing. But I also after that had a ectopic pregnancy where I lost my left fallopian tube and was bleeding internally. Damn. And this was a year and a half ago. And so the journey to like grow my family is continuous. But I think what the misconception is people think, oh you know, it's a surrogate DNA, it's some kind of way. No, the surrogate is like the oven to bake it in, but all the ingredients are mine and my husband's, we create embryos and that's also a very stressful situation 'cause you are having to do stimulations to get eggs fertilized and, and they need a implantation and all the things.


And I've tried, God, I've done seven rounds of IVF. I'm going into my eight Jesus now. Yes. All that just to, to yeah. Have a baby and and Very expensive. And very expensive and draining. Emotionally draining and just high risk because when you're injecting yourself with all these things, it puts you at risk for stroke, heart attack, you can't work out. That's not, I'm not blaming my stomach pouch on that, but kind I am a little bit, but it is very like, you know, just emotionally draining and, and high risk. You Emini here, women, we go through so much just the body. So the surrogate Emini here, it's expensive and it's all the things. But you know, we do that 'cause we we're love. Is the connection the same?


No Emini here? Not, not right off the bat. Okay. Like when we lying, if I said it was no, when I first got Shiloh, I didn't even really get a chance to bond because she went straight into the NICU and it was like she was on a, a breathing, you know, like it was like So You said she came early? Yeah, she came early and she was on a breathing machine and then she had like all these surgeries back to back. Wow. And it was so like, just emotional 'cause it was like can't is she gonna live? You know? So whereas my first born, it was like I could hold her in bond with her. But now of course I'm totally bonded. But I didn't have, I didn't carry her so I didn't, there wasn't that connection I got. How early was she ca did she come 34 weeks?


34 and a half. Could you break it down in for me? On Me. So how months? So like a Month early. Okay. Thank you. Alright. Gotcha. And, and you said you want to grow your family. So would you do surrogate again or are you thinking about doing surrogate again? Yes. I Actually So you gonna do it again? I've got a new surrogate and I'm just hoping to get a pregnant asap. Yeah, that sounds so crazy. People. I don wanna get pregnant. To be honest, I didn't know. I thought you was a real woman. I didn't know she was identifying something. I'm sorry, but I'm not judging Know what they say Now. Also the two new castmates, how do you like them? Do you feel like they have a long standing power or do you think it's one of 'em that kind of shocked Jacques and get out out of there? What are your Thoughts on that? You said two new castmates, you Got two new Well, but Besides yourself, we got three new Well besides yourself because you got no even, no.


You got Angela, Brett, Edie, Kelly Ferrell. Okay. Three. Yeah. So three. So I ab but I'm happy that you said two. 'cause that's, those are the only two I really care about. Which are, which are, you know, Kelly and Angela And you just don't like the other one? I don't see her for her. Why? What's what's, why don't You like her? She's just not a kind person, you know, and, but usually She like that type of thing. That's How girl groups are. You, you're not gonna get along with everybody. And she, she's just not my, my type of girl. She said herself, she's not a girl's girl. So, and we can see it. Right. For sure. Do you Feel like a lot of times those castmates, they they try to show things that they're not, like when I watch the show sometimes and I'm looking, I'm like, dude, That ain't how you are.


Exactly. You putting it on for the cameras. But I think that our viewers and fans can see that like, when you ain't being real, it'll come out and everything will be revealed. And that's exactly what's happening. You can't even keep up with your own stories. Say you lost your insurance, then you didn't lose your insurance license. It's like, girl, come on. Damn. Do you feel like the drama associated with reality shows will distract people from all other amazing things you've ever done in your life? Like the music, the sideline reporting, the cheerleading? You know, I just, you, you think? I don't think so because, you know, Because because for people who didn't know you and know you did all those amazing things. Now this show is kind of defining Who we think.


But see I love that the show is allowing people to even get to know me and see me like I'm getting booked for gigs and roles that I never would've gotten before the show. So Emini here, there are ebbs and flows good and bad in it. But overall for me right now, the good is, is is outweigh the bad. Gotcha. Got you. I I see I I ran into Mia Thornton in Atlanta last week and she's not on Potomac anymore, possibility that she might be a housewives of Atlanta. So what's your thoughts on that? I welcome anybody that wants to be here. Like I don't get to make those decisions. Say I just got on the show myself. So if you asking me if I'm gonna get my spot out from me and no sis but you know, if, if she's love To laugh, like no I'm not giving my spot.


Nah, you can try to take it. It's not gonna happen. But, but yeah. If they find room for her, sure. Hey girl, come on. Well I hope you and Portia figure it out. Me, me Too. Absolutely. Can you make happen Emini here? You close to Portia, y'all share the same people. Yeah, I just, I don't Y'all have a sit down and help us figure it out. Yeah. I feel like that should be so easy Though. It is not because you can't Emini here from you if you allow other people to just get in your ear about stuff. It is like, I think it's the show I Emini here. I I don't know this of course it's the show I haven't spoken to her about. I think it's the show. 'cause it's one thing when your friend is your friend, but now your friend is on the show. So you don't know if your friend is using your relationship for a storyline.


I I wouldn't need that. I have so much other story, so much soda where a lot of my story got cut. Like I've got so much happening in my Life. Yeah. They gonna go into salacious stuff, you know, they gonna go into juicy stuff For sure. For sure. You know that positive shit. Let's, let's course talk about you And post beef. Yeah. Like I did a whole, you know, cheer dance camp for with over 200 girls. Boring and Exactly. I'm talking about from Perspective. Exactly. From their perspective. I know what you Exactly. That's why I never came. That's why you won't see it, you know? Yeah. Yeah. But at the end of the day, for me, it doesn't do anything for me. That story. That's not the type of story I want. Like this is my real friend, my real life. Like, and it's a hurtful thing. Did you Reach out to her yesterday? Because you you said she supposed to do Yeah, We did. We text back. Oh, you know, she texts congratulations and you know, I hope you get everything this season, something like that and happy birthday.


I hope you have something fun planned or something. And I was like, yeah, I'm in New York, you know, hanging out. Thank you so much. It meant The World to me. So that was sweet. And it really didn't make my day. Got you. Now when Portia, when y'all went on her birthday trip in Nashville, right. And she said I should have fucked that man's husband. What, what was your thoughts? I should have fucked that man's husband. I us No, fuck that woman's husband. My bad. Oh my god. What Is this is Atlanta. It is Atlanta though. It is Atlanta. Wow. I should, but first of all, Angela is not trans. She is definitely a woman. So Charles married a woman.


Let's just be clear about that. Jesus Christ. I, you know, it's funny at the time because we are out there drinking, you know, you kicking it with your friend, you not like whatever they were beefing. So I knew she was being shady when she said it. No, but I don't play about black marriage or bitch marriage, period. That's right. I want people to stay together. I don't, you know, I wouldn't play about mine, you know? And I said, of course I'm watch what happens live that, Hey, if you can take 'em, you can keep 'em. But at the end of the day, no. That's not a laughing matter. Like, And I hate that she said it, but me and Angela weren't friends and her and Angela weren't friends and she was Kiki and with me, her friend. Right. And so we laugh, we laugh about a lot of dark stuff that we shouldn't laugh about. She probably Was joking, We was joking.


Portia doesn't want Charles to be clear. Like, and for those that say, oh, and she took somebody that ain't her thing. Like I know her and, and that ain't her thing. She didn't want Charles, she don't want Charles, she only wants was for her. And that's just it. That's just that. Yeah. Because that's not fair. That's not fair for beautiful women like Pia to be saying things like that. Yeah. So then when that poor man, you know, becomes the temptation, whose fault is that? You know what I'm saying? I'm just saying. That ain't right. Shady. Well, She was, she was joking. She was, I guess she was She was joking. She she was, she said she was joking. But, but you know, Angela's defense. I get it girl. I understand why you would be upset, but you shouldn't be upset with me anymore. I apologize for laughing. I apologize for my shade throwing on her outfit and, and my part in it.


All that other stuff. You gotta talk. Take that up with Portia. Damn. Like that ain't got nothing to do with Me. Show this show gonna ruin a lot of great relationships. It Has already. This show's been on for years. Emini here. It has Emini here. Well, but it, it can only do what you allow it to do. You Right. Well, let's Emini here. Let's Be on a positive note. Let's play your single. So introduce your single ladies and gentlemen. Shair Martin, thank you for joining us. Introduce the single. Okay. That's where y'all gotta download. Never has Filthy Atlanta way. N-E-V-H-A-D on all your digital streaming platforms. 'cause you never had a best friend like me. You never had, you never had, you never had. This is a Porsche dish, right? Somebody that'll be a P dis record. It's a, You can't, this capital P now it's a Porsche dis.


It's not a Porsche. Have you heard it? No. No. You didn't listen to see And I tried to make sure I got it up here like, 'cause I was like, oh, they ain't gonna do me like a co coco. Yep. I didn't even know you did music. So I am sorry. See, I'm Sorry. See what I'm saying? Yeah. Yeah. You. Oh my goodness. I'm sorry. But See, but see, but this is why this show is so great because now you know, and I'm here and I'm about to play it for you Melissa. And I want you to tell me what you think about It. If it's a Porsche, this record, I would not Agree. It is not a Porsche. Let's get into it right now. Ladies and gentlemen from the Real Housewives of Atlanta, Shamia Mor and her single is out right now. Never had downloaded. Now it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake That ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola Limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


What's it take to be a mentor with Big Brothers Big Sisters? It takes 30 minutes in a cup of coffee, a video game that's two out of three. It takes sharing thumbs up, emojis, clapping, emojis, and loaded nachos at halftime. That's how you make an impact on a young kid's life. So go on, share a few hours a month because mentorship may sound huge, but the truth is it takes little to be big. To learn more, volunteer or donate, go to be big now.org.


Toyota is the best resale value brand For 2025, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Welcome to the W where elite athletes are redefining the game of basketball from buzzer beating shots, jaw dropping defense and logo threes. The WNBA delivers nonstop action and world class talent every game. These athletes don't just play the game they elevated. The New York Liberty are the reigning champions and the Golden State IES are the newest team to join the league since 2008. Watch the WNBA this season on A-B-C-C-B-S-E-S-P-N Ion and Prime starting May 16th.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.