
John Stewart is back at The Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and Insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, I'm Arturo Castro and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse. And now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes, a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, and Joseph Gordon Levitt. I love storytelling And I love you, so I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You are cordially invited to the hottest party in professional sports. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party, your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf, featuring interviews with top players on tour tips to help improve your swing, and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country Club. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the Party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


The OGs of Uncensored motherhood are back and badder than ever. I'm Erica. And I'm Mila. And we're the hosts of the Good Moms Bad Choices podcast brought to you by The Black Effect Podcast Network every Wednesday. Yeah, we're moms, but not your mommy. Historically, men talk too Much and women have quietly listened And all that stops here. If you like witty women, then this is your try. Listen to the Good Moms Bad Choices podcast Every Wednesday On the Black Effect Podcast network, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you go to find your podcast.


Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. We have Ashley. Allison, welcome. Yes. Hi. How you feeling this morning? Well, that's a hard question. Eight days, nine days into Donald Trump's America. But Don't let us stress you out. You can't think about it every day. You gotta remember your serenity prayer. Okay, that's a word. No, you know? Yeah, I'm good. But it's a lot on my mind right now. But It's your job too. And I feel like I know you 'cause I watch the NN all of the time and, and, and thank you. It's your job and you always have to talk about these things, but I feel like they always put you in the position against the white conservative male and cause conflict on purpose just to stress you out.


No, telling the truth. That doesn't stress me out. And I feel like that's all I do on CNN is I'm gonna be a truth teller. I'm gonna hold you accountable and I'm gonna call you out. And I, I literally like people, like I don't know how you do it. I don't either, but it's like my grandmother's spirit comes in me And I'm calm, cool. Collected now sometimes like every once in a while, but most of the time I'm just like, no, I'm not going. I'm from Youngtown, Ohio. So we just call a thing a thing. Yeah. Because It feels like they like the conflict mixed with good television. Yeah. Emini here. Well, I think the important thing that they try and do is obviously a lot of people think what the conservatives think 'cause they just voted for Donald Trump.


Right. And they're trying to get that viewpoint out. But I'm also like, a lot of people still voted for Kamala Harris too. Yeah. And so I'm gonna try and get that viewpoint out and it's gotta be a good faith argument. A lot people. Right. A a lot of people didn't vote at all. So we gotta get that argument out too. Like what happened there? Why did people stay home? And I think there's still a lot of questions to be answered about what happened this November. Absolutely. Can we go, can we go back a little bit and find out who Ashley Allison is? Sure. And how you jumped into politics. So let's start off from what got you into politics. I led my first protest when I was in the second grade. Second Grade. Wow. What was It Over? Damn. So I'm lactose intolerant. Me too. And and most of us are, we. It should, most people in The World are lactose intolerance, so we should change that name.


But, and the nuns at my school used to make us drink the milk. You Went Catholic school? Yes. I Not Catholic, but went to Catholic school. Most of us. Most of us did. And I used to get sick every day after lunch. Wow. Every day. And they used to say it's 'cause I didn't like math now I don't like math and I'm not good at math. Right. But I didn't make myself sick. And so the first was like, let me drink juice at lunch and not, and so it was just like when something is doesn't make sense, do something about it. Change it, fix it. Mm. And then my parents raised me like knocking on doors when I was a little kid canvassing for candidates for city council. And then I just am someone like when I see something that is not right, it just agitates my spirit.


That's why you're like, don't let it stress you out. It's like part of who I am. I cannot see something that is wrong and not say something. And I feel like Obama came through And I was like, oh, how do you, how do you work on a campaign? How do you, I was teaching at Boys and Girls High School actually at the time when Obama ran for president. And my students were in like engaged by him in a way I had never seen. And I was like, I wanna work on his campaign. And it was kind of like all she wrote. Do you think we'll ever see that again? Do you ever think we'll see a, because he's a once in a lifetime generational Time. He's a once in a lifetime generation leader. And so is Donald Trump. He is. That's a fact. I've only seen three in my lifetime like that. Clinton, Obama, and Trump.


Yeah. I don't know. I don't, I honestly, I don't know if we need a once in a lifetime generational leader. I just think we need good leaders. I think that the celebrity of it all is part of the problem is like people, I want somebody who cares about the quality of everybody's life and wants everybody's life to be better. I don't need you to be a reality show star. I don't need you to be super famous. I don't even need to really wanna have dinner with you. Quite honestly. I just need you to know what you're doing and wanna help people and get this country in a better place. So probably not. Yeah. Now you said something stressed you out. So what stresses you out the most? 'cause he said what he was going to do. It's not like it's a surprise. Yeah. He said what exactly what he's gonna do.


He's, he's Taking a breath right now. Look at, let's take a breath right now. Did my eyes get real big? You know, that's, that's my tail. Normally what stresses me out, I think that we, you know, I was one of those people, Charlemagne, who called Trump a fascist. And I still think that, And I think that it is not, democracy doesn't die by one fatal blow. It dies by a thousand little cuts. And I think the first day when he pardoned January 6th, folks, that was 1500 little cuts to democracy. I think when Friday night when he fires inspector generals.


That's another 18 Cuts to Democracy. And for folks who don't know what an inspector general is, it's literally the people who are supposed to do the auditing of federal agencies to make sure there isn't waste and fraud. Like they think they need doge for it. And I think that no is talking about an inspector of general sexy and exciting. No, but is it the thing that is a backstop? Yes. And are I, I worry people are not paying attention and people are just kind of not complacent, but are so frustrated with everything that they're throwing their heads back up and saying like, I don't have anything to do. I can't engage. And apathy is how dictators thrive. Despair is how di And I worry that people are becoming apathetic and finding this despair and feeling hopeless.


And that makes, that stresses me out. 'cause like if we have the numbers, I think he did say what he was gonna do. Some people are now surprised that he kept his word. We tried to tell him. But it's the despair that makes me most nervous. I I agree with every Oh, I'm sorry. Go ahead. I was saying, I know you said that stress is a big part of your job and, and you don't mind, you don't care. You gonna keep telling the truth. You know? 'cause that's your job to do that. But at what point is the stress to the point? Like, have you ever had a tipping point? Like, all, yo, I I'm not about to be doing this No more like throwing the towel type. Yeah. So, okay. I'm a big yogi. I've been doing yoga for 25 years.


So I'm always breathing. I'm always staying grounded, connected, like feet on the ground, making sure you not gonna catch me off my balance. The thing about why I this moment I'm okay with it is because eight years ago, the first time he got elected, it almost took me out. Mm. Like I was leaving the White House. The relationship I was in ended, I felt like my whole identity, I closed the White House down. Right. I had no job. My money was real funny. So, you know, we don't make a lot of money in the government. And I was like, what do I do? And for six months I was just kind of like, I was in a depression. I was in a, I almost hit rock bottom. And every day since then, I was in therapy.


You know, I did a lot of the self work. I got my practices back together. And every day since then, I've been building for this moment. So it's not gonna, I'm not gonna get to the point where I like, I can't do this anymore. 'cause I'm never gonna let somebody else take that much power away from me. Gotcha. You know? Did Your ex vote for Trump? I don't know. I'm Just say my mom is listening so I can't say what I was about to say, but I'm talking to that motherfucker. Exactly. Listen, I, you said something that's very interesting about democracy, right? And, And I agree with everything you said, but I was watching John Stewart last night and he put, he presented a good point. He said that, you know, the thing that we need to remember about Trump is this is democracy.


Mm. Because he was voted in. Yeah. And he has, he has control of all branches of government now. Yeah. So the things he's doing, we may not like it, but under the constitution, he has the right to do it. Well, not all things. Okay. The constitution still exists for a reason. Right. So you can sign an executive order, but democracy, we still have three branches of our government. Right. So you can sign an executive order and the courts are actually supposed to be a checks and balances. Right? So if it goes all the way up to the Supreme Court and the court says, no, Donald Trump can't then just override it. Right? That's His tool. Well that's the problem, right?


Yeah. That's the problem with is that we were supposed to have all these checks and balances. I think the thing that's on the front of my mind is this 14th amendment around birthright citizenship. And I'm like, y'all better wake up. 'cause this is not about birthright citizenship. This is about being able to discriminate against all of us because of equal protection. Break that down. Okay. So I think ev almost every legal scholar, except for like the five that Donald Trump is gonna find to bring this case have said that birthright citizen is citizenship is in the constitution and is not a thing. But he still on day one, signed an executive order. He even said in his interview behind the resolute desk that I don't know if this is gonna work, but we gonna try it out.


So he is trying to like press the levers of democracy to see. But the 14th amendment also is the amendment that prevents from you to be able to be dis discrim. It, it gives all rights to Americans in this country. So black, brown women, straight gay, and it's bigger than just birthright citizenship. And so, because immigration is such a big topic right now, they are introducing the fight through that lens as a foil, almost as a distraction. So that you focus on that and not on really what they're doing. And if you take one piece of the constitution away, then it start again, a thousand little cuts, it is a cut.


And so they're trying to, they're trying to knock it down. So that's why I'm like, don't get distracted, y'all don't be in despair. Pay attention. You know, like eight years ago was when stay woke, we made it like the thing that people said again and then they turned it on us. It's like, no, like wake up. You know, it's like Spike Lee when he's like, wake up you, it is like this is happening in front of our face and now is not the time to sit on the couch and be like, eh, not my Fight school, school me on this too. 'cause they say, they're saying that his plan to end birthright citizenship is like Dred Scott too, right? Do you think so? Well I think I, I don't know. I haven't heard them people articulate that argument. So I'll wanna hear a little bit more, again, I don't, I don't like to Just say something because Yeah, just sound like the smartest person in the room.


But there's An article in the New York Times. Okay. I think that the question is, is that a lot of people birthright citizenship. They said it was brought through to give black people black and save people the right of citizenship. But it doesn't, it's, it is not just about black people, it's about all people. Again, I think that again, every legal assault scholar, Republican, conservative, even Scalia, most of his clerks, most of people who are Scalia are like who? And Scalia is one of the most conservative Supreme Court justices we've ever had, say that it shouldn't be able to pass a legal muster.


I don't even know if the Supreme Court will hear the case, but we will find out. But again, that's the distraction over there because today he just stopped federal funding on programs like Snap. So I was gonna ask, so what, what is your thoughts on the partying, right? All the parties, You Just say nah, for real, WIC and all of that. Like, So the way Emini here, yeah. Last night he rolled out, starting today at 5:00 PM that federal funding and grants need to be halted. Now that means monies that go to cancer, nonprofits, all nonprofits, veteran services.


And so again, it happens in the middle of the night, you know, stop now today watch, you're gonna do some wild stuff To distract everybody from, from that to distract everybody. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Don't focus on the distraction. Focus on the trick they've trying to play on you. So we're right now people are looking at it, looking at lawsuits, looking at litigation that they can file to halt this. You know, I woke up this morning to a text from my cousin and was like, who literally just had a baby yesterday. Wow. And she was like, Section eight my snap benefits the, she's a, she runs a real estate thing and she's like, my tenants are section eight. Are they gonna be able to pay? Am I gonna be able to like, Jesus crazy.


This is real light. You know what Emini here, like I'm on C Nnn, but this is, that's my first cousin that I'm talking about here. That is like, what is what's happening? And truth be told, a lot of people who voted for Donald Trump are gonna now face that consequence as well. Which is why when it's like there is in every crisis there's opportunity if we actually could start having conversations with people about the economics that are happening in this country and the real working them working class people. That's right. But that's what I was gonna ask. Do you think the pardons and things that he's doing that is making the press, he does that so you don't see the other stuff that he's doing. People are talking more about the pardons and the January 6th rise and they're talking about all these other things.


Yeah. But like you said, the main things that he doing, that he's doing that is affecting us the most. We don't see, because we are more distracted with the pardons. We're more distracted with this. So do you think that's his way of doing this? Lemme write this here so the press can go this way And I can fly under the radar and do this because like something I seen yesterday, which was all over the place, was Donald Trump is gonna get rid of taxes. Right? Right. The IRS Yes. The IR S, right? Yeah. But people were like, really, really? And that was a talking point. But then he did all these other things under the radar that people are not talking about. Yeah. The day, the first day he got inaugurated, you know, he was sharpening it up with all his executive orders and all these different locations and everybody was talking about the pardons.


Now let me be clear, the pardons were messed up And I'm not trying to undermine them simultaneously, he rescinded 78 executive orders that Joe Biden did. Do you know what some of those executive orders are capping the costs on prescription drugs. That's right. Making, oh, the Affordable Care Act weaker, making Medicaid weaker protecting workers safety and health. But nobody was talking about that. So I was like, wait a Minute. That's what I was saying. It's, wait a Minute. I got it. I, but I, I'm, I can do two things at once. So yeah, I do think that a lot of the things that he does Emini here, he is a master performer and executor of a show, and he is putting on a show right now.


But I wanna, I wanna see the credits. I was reading this clause, it was a clause in the, one of the DEI initiatives that he said he, he signed the executive order that only stops the federal government supplier diversity program and removes any requirements for federal contractors to be addressing DEI issues. It includes a clause that federal contractors must certify. They're not running DEI programs to be eligible for government contracts. So any store that offers WIC is considered a federal contractor. Any company that supplies products for wip, Snapp, et cetera, is a federal contractor. Is that true? Again, I will wanna do some research on that. Okay. But here's the thing, this is not their first time at the rodeo, right? And so they, as someone who worked at the White House, like I remember my first day And I was kind of like, what is happening?


Like what is up from down? It is a massive institution. And that at that point, Obama had been in office for five years, so people knew how it was going. It does take a lot of time. So when they are writing these executive orders, they're writing it so that the tentacles go in all spaces, all nooks and crannys. So when they say, if you, if you change a title now, tell on somebody that tell, and if you don't, then like, then you can lose your job. It, it reminds me, honestly of what they did in Texas with the abortion laws where it was like a woman can't have an abortion and if you help her have an abortion that can be against the law. If you are the Uber driver, it's all to invoke fear.


It's all to ask people to comply without needing to comply. That's another dangerous thing is like, if, if you don't tell me I have to do this 'cause it's not the law, then I maybe shouldn't do it. Like, so to hear that I'm, I wouldn't be surprised because they want to get you tripped up and they would just want you to be afraid. So then you're like, I'm not gonna do it. It's too hard. I'm just gonna step away. What are the guardrails, right? Because how, what, what can be done to keep these executive orders from becoming actual legislation? Well, right now the Republicans have the House and the Senate, but in the Senate they do not have a Philip, a Philip proofs of press. So they can't, they don't have 60 votes, which you need in most almost everything for something to become law.


I, I hate to say it, but like there is an election in two, there are elections every year actually, but there is an election to take back the house in 2026. One way to make sure that those things don't become law is to make sure that there are people who will not vote for them. But you still are represented, whether you're a Republican or Democrat, you should still talk to your elected officials. Now I think that a lot of times people just wait until the election. It's like, no, if you don't want that to become law, call your elected official now have a conversation with them. Call your, a lot of, a lot of states are gonna have to make decisions now about accepting federal funding. You know, people didn't vote for the infrastructure bill, but they sure are getting bridges built in their cities and towns from that infrastructure money.


So call your, your mayor, call your state legislature, call your governor and say, we do want these federal funds that go to our school to make our roads. Im, I improve better Emini here. That is how they don't become law, is to make sure that the elected officials don't vote for them. Could Republicans get rid of the filibuster? Yeah, They will Emini here. We'll, That they will Emini here. I think. I think they will. I I they say they won't, they Will. Everything I wanted Democrats to do in order to properly govern Republicans are going to do I Yes. I am waiting for the day where I say, I told you I would on, you know, because something will happen.


And it might actually happen this year because right now, you know, the Republicans went down to Florida yesterday to have this conversation with Trump about what is his legislative package gonna look like, right? Is he gonna split up? Is he gonna do this one big thing? And it's, it's hard to make laws right in this country. And Congress has the lowest approval rating because they don't make a lot of laws. But, and there's gridlock right now in DC and it has been made for most of our lives. Right. But the Republicans went down to have this conversation with Donald Trump and whether or not they're gonna roll out this big package that includes immigration tax reform, the budget, or they're gonna separate it.


And I think you could see an opportunity where this is where he's like, get rid of it. I want it done. He absolutely is. And if you don't, I'm gonna primary you, Ashley. You know, he is and they are. I I I'm not saying I'm, I'm, where's the lie? You know, it is like, I hear you. What's your biggest fear? What, what should our biggest fear be? You named 19,000 things. I know that, that we should be fearful of. But what is the biggest fear that you're saying this is gonna be fucked up? I don't, I don't, I I, I reason why I'm not answering that question is 'cause I don't think we can only look at one thing. I think, I think we have to have the discipline to look at multitask.


Right? I think we cannot just be like, I'm only gonna activate when this happens because it might be too late. So What's, do we at least Have like a top three? Top three? Yeah. Emini here. I think if, I think if they get rid of the filibuster, we already in trouble. Right? That's not, that's good. That's, so if that conversation really gets activated, we should be mindful of that. And for folks who, dunno, the filibuster requires 60 votes to get something through the Senate, the house, you only need a majority. And right now there's only 53 Republican senators.


And if there's a tie, the vice president, which is JD Vance now would break the tie. So the filibuster is one, it's a backstop to make sure that like actually the will of the people is be becoming law. I do think that if that birthright citizenship case is taken up and actually goes to the Supreme Court and what's the third, the, the secret in the night? We don't know. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Because like yeah, like, let's just be honest, they wrote it all down. Like, my biggest my biggest fear is 2025 just boom.


Like all 900 pages come to reality. But they already told us that. It's like some stuff I know we don't know. And, you know, we always talk about the problems, right? What are the solutions? What can people do to, you know, to try to stop this or to try to curve it? Like what can people do? 'cause a lot of people listening and be like, we know the problems. Yeah. We know what we gotta deal with the next four years. We see it happen in the last eight, nine days. But what can we do to stop it? What's the solution? Yeah. I think being in community is the most important thing, right? Like sitting by yourself and spiraling and doom scrolling. One of the things that, the coolest thing that is happening right now, y'all, y'all following Hillman talk on TikTok. Okay. So this is why I love black women.


Like we are the 92% supposed to be sitting down, chilling. And we done created a whole HBCU online on TikTok in the last seven Days of this. Yeah. So a black professor, she put a video out about African American studies class for her 36 students. It is now a place where 20 plus PhDs, all black folks teaching African American studies teaching the art of resistance, teaching economic power that's self-organizing. Right? I think right now, one of the things we have, our our people have been through many, many things. And one of the best things you can do right now is to educate yourself on how to sustain oppression. You say Dr. Barlow is, is Dr. Barlow?


Yes. Dr. Barlow. Yes. And, and so they're educating us on forms of resistance on, so you don't just sit and say like, well how did, how did you know the Civil Rights movement survive? How did we get the, the Civil Rights Act like that did not happen overnight. We tell that a lot of times our country tells that black during Black History month, if they even tell that story, that was like a 15 year struggle just to get that one piece of legislation. So find yourself in community and educate yourself. You know, I'm not gonna take a stance on the boycotts right now, but I do think our economic collective buying power is very important. There's a lot of conversation about boycotting comp, boycotting companies who are getting rid of DEII think boycotts are hard, but boycotts can be used strategically.


And if we as a community really put some strategy behind it, it could be effective while we're still helping black businesses and entrepreneurs thrive. And then I think we, we gotta have some tough conversations, y'all. Yeah. And the, the hardest part about it is like getting people motivated to do it and activating people to do it. You know what I'm saying? Like, 'cause like, like I'm 32 Yeah. And a lot of people in my generation, they don't care. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? They, they care, but they don't care enough to like, if it don't affect them directly, like right now, they not doing nothing. You know, they just, yeah. I do know, And I know a whole bunch of people that said, oh, Trump had money in the hood, so, right.


You know, we, we good. And then you sitting here telling me Snap is gone. You know, it is, you know, all the stuff in the night that's happening. You don't even know half of them pregnant. That's hitting me up. Right. Right. Like my cousins and homegirls and blah blah. Right. Trump gave us that check ain't even give to you. You know what, Emini here. Yeah. Right. His name was on it, but it ain't even because of him. You got it. You know, and it's just how do you properly educate, properly activate people to listen and really care about


The new year is here and you wanna stay locked in on whatever you're into. Amazon Prime is a cheat code. See, a lot of people think Amazon Prime is just about getting those packages delivered faster than you can say. I forgot to order that. But really prime is not just one thing. It's all things. A place to stream movies and shows with Prime video, Amazon music, and that free one day, same day delivery is everything you need to make the season stress free. Picture this, you watching Thursday night Football and Prime video and the friends are coming through. You need the last minute snacks and drinks, Prime's. Got you. You wanna kick back and chill after the game. Prime Video's got the movies and shows to keep your night rolling. And if you wanna wind down Amazon music's got the playlist to keep the vibe just right. So whether you're hosting, chilling, or just trying to make it through the hustle of the week, I know I'm doing all things above. Just know prime's got your back. It helps you explore, discover, and get more of what you love all in one place. So visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Hi, I'm Arturo Castro and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse and so many commercials about back pain. And now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians to tell 'em a buck wild tale from across history and time. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, Joseph Gordon Levitt and Soy Chow Titanic, Charles Manson, Alcatraz, a Sara Shakur, A sketchy Guy named Steve. It's giving funny, true crime. I love Storytelling And I love you. So I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome. My name is Paola Pedroza, a medium and the host of the Ghost Therapy podcast, where it's not just about connecting with deceased loved ones, it's about learning through them and their new perspective. Join me on the Ghost Therapy podcast. Whoa. My lights in my living room just flickered. I'm a little nervous. I'm excited, I'm excited. Nervous. You know, I'm a very spiritual person, so I'm like, I'm ready and open. That was amazing. I feel so grateful right now. I got to speak to my great-grandmother Aela, and she gave me a lot of really good advice and I'm gonna have to really think about, Wow. Okay. That's crazy. Yes, that is accurate. Listen to the Ghost Therapy podcast as part of the Michael Cultura podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


We want to speak out, we want to raise awareness, and we want this to stop. Wow. Very powerful. I'm Ellie Flynn And I'm an investigative journalist. When a group of models from the UK wanted my help, I went on a journey deep into the heart of the adult entertainment industry. I really wanted to be a Playboy model, lingerie, topless. I said, yes, please. Because at the center of this murky world is an alleged predator. You know who he is because of his pattern of behavior. He's just spinning the web for you to get trapped in it. He's everywhere and has been everywhere. It's so much worse and so much more widespread than I had anticipated. Together we're going to expose him and the rotten industry he works in, It's not just me, we are an army in comparison to him. Listen to the bunny trap on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts,


Their lives. Why, why would you wait till something happen to you when you know you can do something, like you said, stand with a community to like, to help prevent it in any type of way. Yeah. Emini here. I I hear you and You activate people. It's hard if, if if it was easy, like we wouldn't be here. Yeah. Honest to goodness. Like if it was, if I think that people honestly deserve to have a sense of like, it don't matter. Right? I love Obama, but I know a lot of people whose lives haven't changed over the last 20 years. Right. Under Democrat or Republican. So I get it.


I think it's the responsibility. I don't actually think it's their responsibility to activate. I do think like elected officials need to activate them. But I always say, you know, start with I, not me saying this is what you should care about. What do you actually care about? Like if you can tell me any topic just about, And I can find a way to, to bring it back to like something you should care about and how, You know what, I think a lot of times, like what Jess said, you don't realize it until it affects you. Right? Yeah, that's right. It's like you hear birthright citizenship, right? And let's say like s Dominican, I'm not Dominican, I'm fully black. I'm fully black stopping. But like if you, if you don't have a family member that's from out of this country, it doesn't affect you.


Right. You know, same thing with the, with the medicine and pills. If you don't need medicine right now, it's not affecting you that way. So you're not even thinking about those things. So it's hard to activate until something really affects and you see it really hit close to home, you know, and then by, And it does affect you By that point. It's by that point Too big. Right. But it's two steps removed. Right. Like half of the, there are workforces right now in California that are not showing up to harvest crops because they're afraid they're gonna get deported. You think that's gonna make eggs? That's wild. And and groceries go down when they, when they lose a whole crop and now they're out of their business for the, the season and they gotta hike it up next. That's not going, I haven't hearing about you.


I I know truck. I know Mexican truck drivers scared to drive because they get pulled over. Yeah. How you gonna get your Amazon? Yo, he is he playing with you, Jesse? Of all he playing with you? Jess, he playing with you is Mexican with you. Don't put me in the middle. He playing with me too. Because you believe, you thought I was Dominican for real? Like I didn't know I'm Black, but I did hit Ain't hit. If you are Dominican now black though, I'm, it is. Okay. Shout to Dominicans, you lie. But I'm black. Ashley, you said something when you was answering Justin. I totally agree with, it's not people's job to activate it's elected officials jobs to activate the people. And that's where I feel like Democrats have failed.


Yeah. Oh My God. And you work for the Biden, you worked for the Obama Biden administration and Biden Harrison administration. But we was so we activated them. But you know, I, I think that yes, it is the responsibility of elected officials. It is the responsibility to do that all the time. I'm, I'm not stupid if somebody came to me, like, if you hear I won the lottery and then you wanna be my friend, catch me later. Right. That's sometimes how people run political campaigns. Mm. So we are not stupid. We know when people are being, sometime we know when people are playing in our face and coming and just get a vote. I'm not saying that's what the vice president did. I do not actually think that's what Vice President Harris did at all.


I think she has probably been one of the most consistent folks who have showed up in our community. But like you should be in communities now knocking on people's doors saying, what did, what did we not what what do you want from me? I agree. I am your servant. I am your public official. I am your public servant. What do you want from me? And then listen, don't do it as like a, a fake listen to what them and then go sit and think about how you can do something. Gavin Newsom did that And I thought that was dope. He, you know, he went and spoke to the counties that flipped red Yeah. For Trump. And I just thought that was smart. Yeah. Like, just go listen to people. Because if you literally, if Democrats had just been listening to people the last four years, none of this stuff would've surprised them the way people felt about the border Wouldn't have surprised them the way people felt about the economy.


Wouldn't have surprised them. None of this stuff would've surprised them. I agree. I agree. And I think, like I always say, I was allowed to have hope and believe that the vice president can win. Like I'm allowed to dream of something better than what we currently have, but we also have to live in reality. And people, you know, I'm one of those people where I do think racism and sexism played a huge role in this election cycle, particularly when she became the nominee. But I also think like some people really are struggling in this country and really are just looking for an alternative. A lot of people and a lot of people, And I, I used to be one of those people who never talked to Republicans. Like I, it was, it was a part of my like, hi, I'm Ashley, are you a Republican?


Because I will walk away. And once Donald Trump went, I was like, I gotta change this. How, how do I put myself a political strategist And I don't even know what my opponent is doing. Like if you, if you play sports, you study tape, you watch 'em, you go watch 'em play, you scout 'em out. So I'm not gonna have an interaction with you. I'm gonna be, you are so much my enemy that I can't even have a conversation. And then I started having a conversation. I was like, oh, we, we, we actually agree on some things. Let me see if I can actually talk to you about why you're voting. And I don't think we do that. I'm not just saying Democrats, Republicans don't do it either. We are at a place in our lives where if you say something that I disagree with, we just walk away. We don't know how to have conversations.


We don't know how to engage with somebody. We don't know how to talk to one another. We don't know how to, you know, coexist. And that's a real problem. I, I agree with that. And I, I actually believe Republicans did study Democrats and they realized how coward, cowardice Democrats are and they realize that there's a lot, they realize they can just run over them and they realize they wouldn't do anything about it. And I think that's where that's Democrats have not learned how to treat Republicans the way Republicans, you know, treat them. 'cause when you look at it just on the surface, sometimes it looks like Republicans And I don't wanna say good guy, bad guy. Yeah. Because it's just politics. But sometimes it looks like Republicans are the ones that are doing the right thing and Democrats are the ones that are, you know, fighting for the wrong things. Gimme an example.


Oh man. I'll give you an example. The example to me is, is is the, is a border, is the border issue, right? Yeah. 'cause I remember, you know, back in January just having conversations with who I believe became the new hypothetical swing voter, right? Which was just us black people and brown people. And there was black people in Chicago, activists in Chicago telling me about the issues that were going on at the border. They weren't anti-immigrant, they were more pro resources. Like, they felt like, yo, these people are getting way more resources than us. Then you had people here in New York telling me about crime that was going on in their communities. These weren't white people. These were people, black people, Spanish people telling me about MS 13 and everybody running, you know, rampant through their neighborhoods. And so when I would come on the air and just have those conversations, like that day when Mayor Adams shut the school down to let the migrants stand for the day and everybody was calling in mad as hell.


So when I would get on the radio and have these conversations and just tell people what black and brown people were saying about the border, M-S-N-B-C ran a headline. Charlemagne tha God is spreading MAGA messaging. I'm like, how the hell is this MAGA messaging and it's coming from our community. Yeah. I think everything has to be put in context. I agree. I I think that there are things that happened this election cycle that we missed. And I'm never gonna say like on the border issue, I don't really see how the Republicans are doing the right thing. 'cause they also like, They're just speaking what people are Feelings people are feeling. That's it. Yes, yes, yes. They are hitting. Meanwhile Democrats are like, it's not a problem. They are hitting the emotion that people are feeling.


That's right. And fear and anger can be the best activator for people's. Right. And that was tapped into this election cycle in various different ways. I do think Republicans studied people, I don't know if they studied Republicans, but they studied the potential or Democrats, but they studied their voters and they were like, there is some, there's an emotional reaction. Once you get triggered, you know how hard one you is triggered to come back down And they, they seized on it and they captivate it. And one of my friends, he always says, Democrats are making a documentary and Republicans are making a blockbuster movie. Mm. Because we are like facts, facts, facts, facts. And they're like, I can't put food on my table and if like, if I can't put foot on my table, I don't care about your facts 'cause it's not equating.


And we did, we missed the mark on it. And sometimes just being seen is enough. It's right. Like, like we know that we're Black, we know how to feel. Yeah. We like, just listen to me. That's it. Just see me, Just, just see me just like sit down, have a conversation with me. That is so validating. But I'll do one. I I wanna be to be more than a conversation. I want you to hear, I want you to listen then I want you to take some action. If you've been put in office to do Something now you work for, for the Harris campaign. No, no, no. I worked for Biden Harris. Biden Harris campaign. Yeah. Yeah. Not this go around though. Do you think that Harris should run again? I think that black woman should do whatever she wanna do. And if she never wants to give one more day of public service to this country, she has already done enough. And I think she should be given the time to think about what she wants to do and the time to dream about what she wants to do and then the time to actually do it.


You Talked about sexism and racism. Do you think this world and this country's ready for that because we've seen what happened here and Well If it they were, we would already have a female president. Facts Emini here. I think they are. And the reason I say that is because we do have to factor things like the electoral college in 2015. Sure. There's no electoral college. Hillary Clinton is the president of the United States of America. And we also have the factor in white President Kamala Harris did get the second most votes of any democratic nominee ever, ever. 72 million votes. That's that's a big deal. Like, you know, and going up against a superstar like Donald Trump. Yes. That's a big deal. I think that America's more than ready. I really do. Well You are Emini here. I I said what I said if, if they was ready we would've ha we would've even maybe even had a Republican female president.


We just haven't. I think that there are still so many biases, conscious and unconscious biases that we don't even know exist in this country. And until we have some real tough conversations, I think we're gonna be stuck. Can Trump go for a third term? And how could he make that happen? No. And he is turn, don't Say no so fast. He's termed out. I'm gonna, everything has context. Everything has context. There is the 22nd amendment of the Constitution. There's currently a piece of legislation that has been introduced that would allow a, any president to run for a third term. Now you said, how do we make sure these things don't become law?


Well You know what that was like for New York with Bloomberg? Bloomberg was only supposed to run. Right? Yes. I I do. He ran like four. Yes. Yes. Tased it up so you can, And nobody said nothing. You can, you can amend the constitution and it is extremely hard to amend the constitution. I think you Need not when you trump, not when you got that political white supremacist will. Right. So when you talk about how do you make sure these things don't, don't become law. That's what I'm like you that should never even see the, the light of day. Now truth be told, if Trump can run for a third term, so can Obama. So can Clinton, so can all the other presidents that are alive that they will. But currently now in the Constitution, their Trump could not run further third Term. But the problem and the problem with that is they're not going to use that power when they get it.


That's what pisses me off about Democrats. That's why I stay on Democrats act. They're not going to use the power even if they get it. They wanna do everything they want all these political norms when things have not been politically normal since 2016. I agree. I agree. We are in a new normal and we have to recalibrate to that new normal. Like we are not operating. That's why when, you know, my famous line is when they go low, I'm match energy. Like I'm not, that's, that's my thing. Like I don't, I don't stay high. Are you mad? Michelle hasn't said anything yet. 'cause the reason I say that is 'cause Michelle kind of set the tone right when she said when they go low we go high.


But then she decided to not even go at all. Not to the funeral, not to inauguration. I, I think she sometimes actions speak louder than words. That's True. You feel like Obama shouldn't should've set out of the inauguration or at least not have been cracking jokes behind Kanye. I Think you should have. I was like, what is happening? You know, I understand why he went I don't, I know you don't. To the inauguration, I don't. Yeah, I don, but I say I don't think I would've been there. How about that? I Emini here but that's why I'll probably never run for office because I match energy. You know what I'm saying? Like that's not how I rock. So I understand why Democrats felt like it was important to go.


Here's what I will say. I think that because they went, you can't just then disappear. You have to provide context to people who you were ringing the five alarm fire to about why you went. Because I think, you know, you know you have a massive platform, right? And so you do stay on Democrats. I think you also stay on Republicans. And I think though sometimes people, you know how social media works, people take a clip and flip it and put it out there and Oh We've seen a bunch of Trump commercials. Yeah, Yeah. Right. Them two right? Them two. And so you always just wanna make sure people can't use your words against you. People can't use your actions against you.


Particularly when you're the first like a President Obama. So I think that you probably will hear more from him about why he felt it was important for him to show up and be the bigger person. But I think you also then have to still hold Trump accountable. Like I would not be up there kiking with Donald Trump though. I don't know what they would say. Even if I was just sitting there chilling. I don dunno what they were saying. But I got questions sir. Yeah, I think you could concede the election, but you shouldn't concede the constitution. I agree. And when and when you call somebody, when you liken somebody to Hitler, when you call somebody a fascist, when you say they're a threat, the democracy, you just simply gotta act like it. Trump acted like it when Trump said the election was stolen. I'm no peaceful transfer power. I'm not going into no inauguration election. He stills think it was stolen.


That's right. That's right. So it's just like, I don't know, it just makes, I always say Republicans the most sincere about their lies and Democrats are about their truth. When Republicans lie, it sounds like they're telling the truth. When Democrats are staying in the truth or even trying to stand on integrity, it just looks like they're full of shit. That's just my personal opinion. Yeah. Emini here we are in a new normal. And I guess my question I always have is like, do we wanna go back to what we used to have? I don't think, I think it's over. It's over. Yeah. I think it is too. But I wonder if when Donald Trump, if and when Donald Trump goes away, what that means. Because I do think a lot of this is wrapped around him. And to your point, like will there ever be another Obama?


Part of the C is I think that like if you try and be replicate Trump, you can't, 'cause you're not Trump. If you're trying and replicate Obama, you can't 'cause you're not Obama. So who is gonna step, who's gonna step up on both sides, right? If he can't run again, who's gonna be in the field? Is it JD Vance or somebody else? JD Vance is not gonna be able to hold, hold it like Trump hold It. But if Trump changes all this legislation, if he does things like get ready to filibuster, it's gonna be a it's gonna come a time. It's gonna come a time. Yeah. It's gonna come. Remember I said the constitution is gonna be about worth as much as this, this paper in my hand. I see all of that happening. So when he does that, it don't matter who's At the top of the, I think it could happen. I think we have to figure out how to activate people.


So it doesn't happen. The only thing that will stop this is the will of the people. And I think that people are misreading Donald Trump's election and that people don't want a democracy because he won. No, I don't think that's what people are saying. People are saying I had to prioritize issues and democracy wasn't the first one on my issue, on my list. That's right. Right. So we cannot let them forget that. We cannot let this new normal just become, it still has to feel like we're in a different age. Everything still needs to feel disoriented, agitate. Like, we can't just be like, oh yeah. Like that's Donald Trump. No, we can never allow that hap to happen.


That's why whenever I'm on television, I'm not just gonna sit back and just let a lie be told to and and just not check it. We can't And, and all of us have to. I can't do it by myself. You can't do it by yourself. We have to keep telling the truth. We have to tell the whole story. We have to have some tough conversations. But I can, we cannot allow, the Constitution can have power as long as the people demand it have power. You, you, you said something else that made me think too. 'cause you know Yeah. People can't do Trump, but Yeah. People can't do Obama either. Right. And I think that's the problem with the Democratic party. Yes. I look at Barack, who are you exactly? I look at Barack Obama like Steph Curry. Okay. Meaning that he changed the game. I would've said LeBron, but Okay. But, But, but Steph changed the way people actually play.


Yeah. And everybody thinks they can play like that. Right. But they cannot play like that. And I think you got a bunch of Democrats who have been trying to do Obama and it does not work. Doesn't I agree. I think you have this in a lot of industries. People, people try and emulate something that they are not. And instead of finding out who they really are. And the thing about it is finding out who you really are is a lot of work. It's a lot of work. 'cause you gotta look at the good, bad and the ugly. That's right. Right. And you gotta do the work to heal and be able to say like, what have I done wrong? How can I grow? How can I, you gotta like evaluate all, all the traumas in your life so you can ascend to a higher level.


That is not easy work. That is scary work for a lot of people. But I think if more people did it, we would have a lot more options out there for leaders in general, political leaders in this world right now and people who are sitting on the sideline that probably have the potential to change the trajectory of this country and they don't even know it yet. Is it tough working in news media right now with Trump in office? Because I'm Emini here. I don't know, but I feel like there might be mandates coming down and people saying, Hey man, watch what you say here. Watch what you say there because you see a, B, C settled. CBS is talking about settling. This guy is, he's a sue hungry guy. Yeah. Is is there any fear about that? I've never, you know, I've been at CNN now almost four years.


I've never been told what to say. What not to say. I think we've only been in Donald Trump's America for eight years and or eight days and it feels like eight years It have been. Yeah. He's really been Trump America. Yeah. Yeah. And it's not about people telling you what to say. It is about the fear of being sued, the fear of the hate mail, the fear of the attacks. Like the internet is like awful. People are being, you know. Yeah. But again, if you don't know who you are, then you listen it and lets you, lets you rock. You No. So, yeah, I think that, you know, I actually have the beginning of the year did a lot of prayer and meditation about like, how can you show up and, and stand on truth and not become afraid, not become a shrinking violet.


Like I, the, the seed I have, I hold with great honor and privilege. I don't own the seat, but I, And I, I'm, I'm sitting in it right now And I feel like I have a responsibility to people to speak the truth. And so the moment I used to say this when I worked at the White House, the moment I walked through those doors And I don't feel like it's an honor and privilege to serve this country, I need to stop coming through those doors. And the day I go to CNN or sit here or anything And I can't tell the truth, I need to stop going because I need to pass the torch to somebody who can, because I can't, it doesn't mean I failed. It doesn't mean I just, I it's not my time anymore. Time is up. Wow.


What stories do you wanna tell with Watering Hole Media that you're the CEO of? Oh Yeah. You know, I actually started in 2009 during Obama because I saw this wave of social media. I wanna tell the story. I wanna give people and democratize, democratize microphones. You know, there are a lot of creators out there who do amazing things. I start, I restarted Watering Hole after the infamous Montgomery Uprising with the folding chair, right? Yeah. And I'll tell this story. In 24 hours, I saw the trajectory of that story change. In the morning I saw news media outlets starting to cover it with a tint of vigilantism and whatnot. And I saw black Twitter activate, the creators activate.


And we turned a moment that could have been very dangerous for black people and a really sad outcome. We brought joy to it. We brought a strong political analysis to it, and by the end of that night, the story was being told. So I'm saying, how do I take, how do I find those talented people and give them a platform, give them money to do that. That I think is how we make sure some things like that don't become laws. 'cause we tell we have good messengers, we have good storytellers. I wanna go at politics not through like, well, your snap benefits and da da. It's like, no, let's talk about how it really is impacting you and get you to be more engaged. So I think there's a lot of opportunity.


I think Republicans did it really, really well. Everyone's like, we need our own Joe Rogan. No, we don't. No, we don't. We actually don't. We need, we need to empower people who know how to connect with real people and tell real stories and empower them just to do it. That's what we're doing there. Absolutely. And Joe Rogan exists. Just go on Joe Rogan. Right, right. It's not like Joe Rogan doesn't want people from the Don't try and copy, don't be a copycat. Be be an be an original. Like Yeah, just, just find out who you are and, and we got you. Please Know. I know we got the black mothership. That's what we call The Breakfast Club, the Black Mothership. Come to Black Mothership. Thank you for coming. Ashley. Yes, Allison. Ladies And gentlemen, thank you so much for joining us. Thank you. We appreciate you. You on tonight. You can checker on CNN.


What time? I am 10:00 PM On AB Phillips. Breathe so hard every time she going tonight. You on the panel? Who's on tonight? Can't tell you. Okay. Oh, Ahead. Until tomorrow, tonight. Yeah. Yeah. This is tomorrow. This is tomorrow. Oh yeah. He still ain. Not tell Trust Nigga. I ain't getting caught up. I ain't trust y'all. I don't know. It'll be some Republican I'm sure. Yeah. Emmy All Santos down. Alright, Well there you have it. It's The Breakfast Club. It's Ashley Allison. Wake That ass up in the morning, The Breakfast Club.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and Insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, I'm Arto Castro and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse, and now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, and Joseph Gordon Levitt. I love storytelling And I love you, so I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You are cordially invited to the hottest party in professional sports. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party, your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf, featuring interviews with top players on tour tips to help improve your swing, and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country Club. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's fourth production in partnership with deep blues sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the Party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The OGs of Uncensored motherhood are back and batter than ever. I'm Erica. And I'm Mila. And we're the hosts of the Good Moms Bad Choices podcast, brought to you by the Black Effect Podcast Network every Wednesday. Yeah, we're moms, but not your mommy. Historically, men talk too Much and women have quietly listened and All that stops here. If you Like witty women, then this is your trust. Listen to the Good Moms Bad Choices podcast Every Wednesday On the Black Effect Podcast Network, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you go to find your podcast.