
We made it a long summer without basketball. But now the NBA is back. Get in on all the basketball action with my partners at DraftKings. And right now, all new customers who bet $5 will instantly get $200 in bonus bets. So download the DraftKings Sports book app and sign up using my promo code TBC. The crown is yours. If sports betting is not yet available in your state, don't worry. You can still join in on all the fun with DraftKings Daily fantasy and have a shot of winning cash prizes. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app now. New customers use my promo code TBC and bet just $5 on any wager and get up to $200 in bonus bets instantly. That's promo code TBC only at DraftKings Sports book.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club Justice on maternity leave. So Lauren Lar is filling in. That's right. And we got a special guest in the building fresh From the Mago rally. This, it was awesome. You ladies, Gentlemen, Gary on. Yo, it was awesome. Say at that seat. You really looks like you was there. Wow. He Wasn't There, right? Yeah. IIII do both. I did a Puerto Rican parade and the Magar rally. I just try to blend everybody together. Equal opportunity. Yeah. You feeling Gary? Good? You know we had 50 cent up here. He said he turned down, he turned, he turned it. The, he was supposed to perform at the Magar rally and they offered him $3 million. He said No, he turned it down.


Oh, I Would've probably performed, I would've just asked for forgiveness. What You went on before or after Tony? Huh? It doesn't matter. Yeah. Doesn't Matter. I Don Dunno. What Did you think of Tony's jokes? You thought it was too much or you just thought he's being a comedian? No, I thought for that job it's like, it's like, it's like when you do a corporate show or a college, you, you ask ahead of time what's cool. So they knew what he was gonna do to stop acting like they were shocked. They knew it. That's what he does too. So for his audience that played, but for people that don't know him, and you gotta think about it like it's not gonna hurt him. No. Like we like to think it is. Right. But it's only probably boosted his ticket sales because the people that are offended we're never gonna pay to see him anyways.


True. So it's almost like when you get internet trolls as a comedian, people that get mad at a joke. They, I was like, you were never gonna come see me live anyways. Got you. So for him then, it's not gonna hurt him. I've seen him be funnier and it, it was, it wasn't even the fact that it wasn't him, it was the campaign. You're run, the guy's running for president of the United States of America. If You know you need Port Puerto Ricans. Right. Or Latino voters. Voters. Yeah. And You know you need black voters. You don't put somebody up there to insult them. Yeah. In other words, there was no follow up. It was just like, yeah, Puerto Rican trash And, I go, Where's the punchline? I kept waiting for the rest. I was like, well, where he going with this? And he just moved on. I was like, oh, okay. It's like me telling a joke.


Yeah. I hit his bitch over my house last night. Alright. What you think about the election? Like what, what, what's the rest of the story? Yeah. It's kind of nasty. I, I wanted to know, you ever think about teaching a class of how to avoid the police or getting served? 'cause you did that for a long time and you need a standing ovation. The worst I'm Oh, My divorce? Yeah. For your divorce. You were, they were trying to serve you for how long? That Didn't instantly click. 'cause you talk about it all the time. You didn't know what you was talking about. Just time. What you talking about said being served You know what he's talking about. It didn't instantly. No, I'm talking about the police. When he said avoid the police, He meant the ser process service. Yeah, the processor. Lemme see. So it was in Marco Island. So March. So March, April, may, June, July.


It was four months. Four Months. They were trying to serve you four months. And you dodged them for four months. They they almost got me in Colorado Springs. That was, man, let, Let me break it down. You were getting a divorce from your wife. Your, your, your wife was filing in California where it's 50 50. Yeah. You were filing For life. For Life. You were filing for life, bro. You were filing in Ohio Where we paid taxes and we voted. Right. So, so I was doing the legal thing. Look, you even know what to say right now. Yeah. Yeah. He's still correct. Well, no, That's that. I mean that's facts. He Just making sure it's goes in with the clip. I, Here's the thing, the narrative is I filed in Ohio to avoid paying No, I filed in Ohio. 'cause that's where we voted and paid taxes.


And we would've, when we built the house in California, I literally called my accountant and was like, yo, I don't want to pay California taxes. What can I build a house in California and live there? He was like, as long as you spend less than 50% of the year and you're a comedian. So I'm always on the road. And, I keep my residency. We keep our residency in Ohio. Right. That's what we did. So it wasn't the money factor. It was No. Legally that's where we lived and that's where we voted. So you we had a house in Ohio and a house in California. So you, you Knew she was coming for you? Well, the, the processor I found out. Yeah. So How did you avoid it for four months? Because I heard they were popping up at your shows at the airports and Yo I was beast. I was, I was at the, I was beast.


I remember one time I was at, I was at the, I was at the, I was at the Four Seasons in Baltimore, Maryland for two weeks under Mohamed Shabazz. Me, bro. Hey, they had a, they're used to like politicians and celebs I guess. So they were taking me up through the employee elevator and like my door was right there. So the employee elevator opens up and my room was right there. I had the same brother that brought me my Uber eats. I was just, I was trapped. Well, they were they in character like too, like, Hey, Mr. Shabazz. Yeah. Shab. I slapped my liquor. It funny As shit. Now they also said that doing your comedy show, you wouldn't stand at the edge of the stage. You would stand I back there.


You stand at the back of the I Was in the back, bro. At Baltimore. They had like a hockey plexiglass thing going on at, at the Baltimore County factory. Yeah. So I, when they throw Stuff or shoot at you Shoot at, shoot you. Yeah, no, no. Yeah. Shoots Come Up in the crowd. No comedian's ever been shot on stage. Hey Man, time's all changed. Don't Don't put that out there. Don't Put that out there. That's comedian's ever been for Though, huh? That's what it's for. The plexiglass. Yeah, but it was kind of like the Covid era. 'cause this Oh, gotcha. I can't believe it's already been three years. But I would, I I had a security guy with me. He'd always sit in the front. So if anybody got up and you, you couldn't come toward the stage, he'd stop you. So he was like undercover.


So I had it all planned out. One guy, one guy tried to serve me in Baltimore and said he had a show and he tried to give my open room manila envelope. And he was like, yo, we ain't taking it. And then, and then we almost got started in Colorado Springs. Guy chased me down the alley. I was like, Ricky 'em boys in the hood running, bro. I was running, bro. I got two guys got fired on my team 'cause of that night. Why? Because they let him get to me. They, he almost got me. Oh, so they Yeah. Yeah. Where was they to block him? Yeah. I said, dude, I'm not, you don't have to beat anybody up. You don't have to fight anybody. You just have to stop him. Block me. Yeah. He walked right. And they went like this And I go, bro. It was, it was boy in the hood. Process server because I was run like Ricky. And then when I got in dress room, I was swinging like Cub mother, I remember yelling, And, I, go You know how much money this is gonna cost me.


Can they serve you by giving it to your opener? Yep. If he's working for me, he's an employee of mine. Wow. Then if he gets served, I'm served. Same with kids. If the kids are with you, if they get served, then you're served. That's what I was told. You can Serve kids. I don't believe that. No. Well, if they're with you. Yeah. Like under 18. They weren't under 18. Oh. They, I don't know. And what, how did you serve her? Because you had to serve her as well. So y'all were playing this game? Yeah, It was, I I'm not even, it was a big cat mouse. I'm not upset about it. I, I remember I was always going like, I wonder how this is gonna play out. Like, how am I gonna get caught or is she gonna get caught? Because at one point I was in West Virginia for two weeks at my boys house I went to high school with, because I knew nobody was gonna find me there. I was laying low, I was off the grid, changed my sale number.


Wasn't really using the internet. You could look at my timeline on social media. I was off social media. We finally got her. I hired a process server. And I said, I want 24 7 surveillance on the house. I gotta get this over with. And then she hit me with this huge bill and she wasn't served yet. I said, well, I'm not gonna pay you till she served. Why did I hire this lady out of Ohio? Me and her got on a plane, flew into Sacramento, rented a car we go to where we used to live in California. We, we had her served within an hour. I called the lady. I was like, how did I get her within an hour? And you've got 24 7 on the house. I said, so I'm not paying you this bill. So, I mean, we just got lucky.


I literally saw pulling out of a grocery store parking lot. We fought on the highway about 15 miles. And then she pulled into Panera Bread, went to the drive through and got stuck. So she opened the window to get the food. You just, here you Go. She rolled down her window and placed her order. And the lady just popped up. You Served, you're, oh wow. Boy, y'all good now family wise though. Because, because I know all of this. It was like your, your kids weren't, they didn't want much to do with you at, at one point in time. We were talking about it. Yeah. My, but I saw your son. Yeah, We just reconciled like a month and a half ago, two months ago. Right. So We're How Did that happen? It, it was like, everybody says, you gotta let them process everything. And in time they'll, they'll realize mom and dad are adults.


We're not perfect. And then he just texted me, he needed me, he needed my advice on something. So he texted me and then I called him and then we'd been talking. Then I went to California. Then he came to Houston to see the twins, the new ones. And then, yeah, we're good now. I thought We was gonna have some fun today, man. Y'all You know. I wanted to make some MAGA jokes. You know. Yeah, let's do it. Geez, they just took you down a different road. I know. Its like you, I haven't been here a couple years, bro. Yeah. He was like, goddamn, Check, check talking about this kid. The kids Don, talk to him. The next thing I saw, it was a family reunion with the twins And. I'm like, okay, Gimme a napkin. White man Cried. White men cried. Man, We don't care about white men's tears.


White men cry. Oh, you are you and your your ex. Cool or no? Yeah, no, we're cordial. Speak now. You laugh about it now or no, it's like Every divorce come by, I think. We'll, We'll, we'll Say something, we'll argue. But before we hang up, we're laughing and You know, like every now and then I'll, I'm a comedian, so I'll say something on stage. And some like, people always ask and people are so emotionally invested And. I'll say something like, she might send me a text. Like, I appreciate that. Then I'll be like, just call me and we'll talk it out. So it's, it is what it is. Gotcha. You know we're cordial. Her and your new boo. Are they cool? No.


What color your new boo, Gary? They're all black. What you think? All right. Gary making Dr. Omar proud. Yeah. Yeah. That'd be a good, not a her, but a you. Yeah. That'd be a good debate. Me and him. You and Dr. No, everybody I knows every black guy. I know that I like to date white women and every white guy I know that I like to date black women wants to debate Dr. Uma. I don't wanna debate. Oh, okay. You not, because it's, It's almost like Republicans and Democrats You know what? You're not gonna change anybody's mind. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. What is, what's he gonna tell me? I mean, you love black women, right? So what's he gonna say? You got same taste, Zach, what you, what's he gonna say? Yeah. How'd it feel being a new father? I like it. I didn't think I was gonna enjoy it as much, but I like it.


I like it. How old are they? 15 months. Okay. Okay. Okay. You know. So it was after the divorce, so people weren't try to do the math. What was after the divorce? The, the twins. The twins came after the divorce. Oh. Because You know that they were, the, the, the argument was that the relationship with her wasn't after the divorce. After the divorce. Y doing the that, that's up for debate. You took Yourself there. You took yourself there. I just wanted to, okay. All right. Here we go. When's Jess coming back? When is she coming back? My god. Jess. I've Had Geez, I miss you. I miss you Jess You. know happy in your new relationship.


You know it does go viral a lot when you was on. Brilliant Idiot. It is. Exactly. You was drinking water just like that. And I. Somebody asked you about me. How long you've been faithful and You know you Did. Oh yeah I did because Andrew was like, Sean, I'm gonna get you back To Cheating this year. And he was like, nah, nah Gary, how long you been faithful? I Was like, woo. And That was not on purpose. That just Came out. Oh my God, Dude. That your body wouldn't let you lie, Gary. It Wouldn't let me do And. I. I'm sure going. Yeah, it's good. It's great. So the new special broken family. Yeah, It's, it's out, came out last night on YouTube. It's been on mint dot comedy for about a month. So that we, we are pretty good on there, but it's on YouTube now.


I feel like you putting it on YouTube is a choice. And the reason I say that is because even if it's not Netflix, somebody would pick up a guy, why you look so sick? I dunno where you want this. He always gets on. Even when I text Charlamagne, I texted him my new number. He goes, sorry, I don't take numbers from comedians that don't have Netflix specialists. You A foul man. You A foul. But no, I feel like somebody would've gave you a special, I know you could. You, you've done 'em on Showtime. I just feel like you putting it on YouTube was a choice. I don't know if it was definitely, I don't know if it was a choice. It was, it was. I mean it was the one outlet that I had complete control over. Yeah. But You know, like the other, there's, there's two streamers that passed, but I don't even know if they watched it.


That's the bad part. It is just like, they just say no. Really. It's a weird, I like, people think I got all these specials out there on all these networks. And I. You would think so. And I really don't, the only people that ever given me specials was Showtime, BET and Showtime. I Don Remember the VET one? Oh I had like five on BET. Because you ever realize Comic View when you used to win, they gave you our specials. I don't remember Though. Yeah, the first, the when it used to be a contest. Okay. And everybody came on, you kept moving around, around And then at the end of the season, four guys would get our specials. Yeah. And then they'd pick the host out of those specials. When I first got on the scene, I was a new, I was a new young white guy. There was only like, honest John and Dante was the two white guys that did Comic View back then. And then, so I kept winning my rounds and then I got an hour special and then they made me the host.


That was the first one. Then I did another one on BET when it was in New Orleans. And I did another one in LA that, so I did, I I did three on BET. Maybe. I Just never thought of those specials. I just like, oh, that's Gary on BET. You're Probably watching it and flipping the channels back then. You're not realizing the whole hour is him. But I remember the Showtime one. The showtime one. I remember that. Yeah. There Was, I've had five or six on Showtime. Why do you think Netflix don't, don't mess with you? Gary? Ask 'em. We do, But they don't gimme an answer. Yeah. That's crazy though. Because I feel like people were really invested in like the whole family, like all that stuff that you had going on. That's funny though. Yeah. But yeah, I was gonna say, you're also funny. I, it just would make sense to me For, I think for them, And, I, I, I might be speaking outta term here.


I think for them, they're almost like, it's a, a white guy that has a, a huge black audience. Now I, if you go to my shows now, there's quite a few white people that started going. But the core audience from Jump was black. And a lot of people in charge don't understand it. So they just assume I'm this certain way and You know. So I don't, only I can think of is like, if they're gonna give a urban quote, black comic a special, we're gonna give it to a black guy. We're not if the white guy, we want him to feed a different audience than an urban audience. That's the only thing I can come up with. And I've been kind of told that through the grapevine, but I can't confirm it. Have You thought about going bro? Meaning like, you got your podcast, right? So you keep your standup the way it is, but on your podcast you just go straight bro.


Straight like Bro Rogan, Theo Andrew shows Whoa, You know Kill Tony. Oh, You. Know what I'm saying? Nah, I'm good where I'm at. You know to me to cook, black women are like the largest consumers of stuff. And if you notice in my specials, I don't really call black women bitches and hoes and shit. You shouldn't. No, you I know. But come somebody You know comedians, they'd be like, yeah, I bitch. And she a ho bitch. You know. I don't know why my hand did that, but it felt like it. But I don't, I don't even go that route. Kind of uplift black women. Yes. As You should. Except For one TTO. You got to stop Gary. You start the special off by saying that the divorce is officially final.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. Do you really want, do you feel like that's a congratulations? Or you feel like, I feel Like this special poker of family, I can finally put it to bed, then I can move on. And even in my new hour that I'm, I'm doing on the road now, it's, there's no divorce jokes. It's just all about the twins where I'm at in my life right now and everything else. It's not, there's nothing about the divorce Now. How is that, how, 'cause you're now you're older dad. Yeah. You did this already, but now you're doing it at 50. Yeah. How is that? Yeah, it's, I I think it's cool. I got a nanny helps Got a Nanny. The nannies are amazing. So So how do you still do the things that you used to? Gotta take 'em, take 'em to whatever they do.


Yeah. We go to Swim You know, teach em around to swim. I do all the dad stuff. I like being a dad. I like being a dad with older kids. You know. So I'm, I'm cool with it. You know it's, you are a little older. You go like, anytime you go like Gymboree, you are like, fuck Grandpa. Fuck yeah. You start doing the math in your head. How old will I be when they 15 or when they 20 or college? It's like, if they're athletes, I always say like, I'll, I'll still be around for the draft. I ain't gonna make the Hall of Fame speech bro. It's gonna be like I miss my dad. You, I'm at the BT awards of the, we lost this guy this year up in the clouds.


Talk to me about black Girl Energy, man. What is that? You said it's scary. What whatcha talking about right now? Just you said am I special? Isn special? What'd I say after it's So long. You said black Girl Energy and you talked about how scary it is. Somebody wrote the question question for he's Gimme, gimme some context. Said You said black Girl Energy. And you said how scary it is. Did I, that's scary in a bad way. But You talking about with my ex? Yes. You Know. Did You? And when you stepped in your new, your new booth. Mm. I Don know what you're talking about right now. Yes you do Gary. I don't, I don't. How's your real estate going?


How's the houses? Can You explain this? He flipped a scary question. My I'm Starting. Where's one of Marla Drink some of that water. Where's one of Marlon Wayne's towels? You really are sweating. It's always hot in here. No, look over here. Can you explain to me? This is my first time Me black white men cry. White men sweat. Oh me fanning you And you saying black Girl Energy is is rough. Might not. I did not say It's rough. What I say. You said it was Scary. Scary. Explain. No, when black women get mad at you, it's scary. You. She was a white dude. You scared Now dude. It's a white dude. That's scary shit. Yeah. I wish I really miss Jess. How did you hire her?


What did you find her angry black woman Com? She was on t Oh you on Harvey Levi and shit. You making it funny? It's hard But You know. I like that you don't answer that question because it is something that has to be seen in context. It is in context. Facts. Until he bring it up. Am I on the wall? Lemme say you not even fanning. Right. Gimme this. When the last time you've been to a black church Football season. I go after football Season. We painted it right? Whatcha You looking for? That's not me. That's Mac Miller. Right? I've Never had facial hair. You, I literally look too.


I go, who put a goatee on me? Carrie Sure. He's Been here once. No, he hasn't been here. Bunch coming Hasn't. Who else is? Oh man, I've had some man, why don't you get me with Akhi? That was a good interview. We Should have put you up there with ak. I know what we gonna put. No, we still got room for somewhere. That is a good one. That was, there's Chris Rock. Why don't you put him next to Tony since he don't put 'em in movies. Dang. You think he you see the interview? Yeah, I saw that. Why don't you put Tony in a movie? Chris, let's change this. Chris put Tony in a movie, But Chris did put him as a recurring character and everybody hates Chris. Oh, I didn't know that. Yeah, he was Uncle Tony. Why you bitching Brian? Uncle Rudy. Tony, why You bitching?


Tell us the difference between a Trump supporter and a Trump thumper. What's the Difference between that? Oh, my dad. Yeah. My dad's a Trumper Thumper. That, those are the ones that Trump can do No wrong. There's Trump supporters that can be honest. Like, look, I'm voting for him. 'cause I think financially to be better for me, we, I've met those. But the Trump of Thumas is like, like they're straight up. Nah, Tony, that's cool. That was funny. But if somebody said something about Trump, they'd be like, oh, that's, that's offensive. I, I've kicked the guy out two weeks ago in, in San Francisco. Why? It was a Trump dude just started heckling in the middle of my show. So I went off on him. Then he got kicked out. And I was like, dude, I wasn't even talking bad about Trump. I was just making fun of him.


Mm. You know what I mean? What's he saying? He didn't, lemme get through it. I said, Hey l coming up in a couple weeks. I go, I'm not gonna tell you who to vote for. And he was like, Trump, Trump. And he just kept yelling it with nothing behind it. And then finally I was like, dude, I just, I snapped on him a little bit and then they got the cliff notes version on the internet. But then he finally got kicked out. But I was just like, dude, we're allowed to make fun of your president or your presidential candidate. That's what we all, that's what we do. And where was you at? What city was In San Francisco? Of all places. Wow. Wow. Right. You said your dad's a Trumper. Oh, he is a Trump humer. So how does your dad meet your your your new girl? Oh, He ain't. Oh, I ain't talking to that motherfucker. Three and a half years. Jesus. Oh, so you don't talk to your pops? No. Why, why did you stop talking to him?


I didn't take him to a Reds game. And he got mad Straight up. Really? Yo Don? No, don't take this. You could say White people crazy. Yeah. White people are different. Or like, what A red's Baseball game. We know exactly what he's talking about. Lauren. No, that's not make, here's, That's gonna make my, that's not gonna make, so my dad, And I speak to them for three years. Facts. Yeah. Will, so you gotta realize my dad was very much a he was, he was. Y'all. I And you don't realize it until you're outta the situation. He was the user. Like, be careful of your friends. Be careful of people around you. Yeah. That's always deeper. He was the one that we went out to eat. I'm paying, if we go to an event, I'm paying. If he came to a, if he came to a special, I gotta fly him out.


Deal. Right. Go. No, he did not raise me. He wasn't around still. Oh my bad. But no, my dad was not around growing up, bro. He, he, he was. I saw maybe he may Black sometimes. Oh yeah. No, I saw him, I saw him once In a while and then when I got on TV and stuff, then he came around. Right then he wanted to be in the mix. Right. And then I, in the middle of the divorce and the process server stuff, I came home to Cincinnati. And I called like two people and was like, look, don't go on social media. Don't say nothing. And. I said, I, I gotta, I gotta do something because I was, I felt like Stockholm syndrome. I said I'm gonna go to Red's game, but I got a suite 'cause I can't sit in the stands. I don't want somebody going up, going, you want some peanuts and papers.


You know. So I got a suite. We only had like seven, eight people in the suite. Everybody was cool. I didn't invite my dad. I never told him I was going, but I didn't tell him. I didn't invite him. And didn't unin invite him? I never told him. Find out on Facebook. One of my uncles went. So he got found Uncle. Okay, lemme tell you. Half Your dad. No, no, no. Nothing. How all happened? I was already at the game. Wasn't inviting nobody. My uncle called and was like, what are you doing? I was like, dude, I'm at, I'm at the res game. Where you at? He was downtown. I was like, dude, because when you get sweet, you get 16 tickets. I said, I'm I'm gonna text you a couple seats. Come stop by. He was there for like 30 minutes. But he told my dad I went to the Reds game with Gary or something like that.


And then my dad called and just cussed me out with this voicemail. And then he, I called him to like, Hey, is this, are you really mad about a Reds game? And then it just went left. We just started cussing each other out. And then that's the last time I talked to him. I'll Be mad at you and the uncle. You had two tickets and you didn't invite me to it. Yeah. 16. He never, but You gave to Uncle Twight. Two of 'em. He's never listen, he never, he never took me to a Reds game. You Get one father ever. He can't take me to nothing. You Get one father. Huh? You get one father. Right. My grandmother has always raised me. I I understand where you're coming from, but you get one father. So what Would you do? Lauren? Let me ask you this, Lauren. All this, this, these black grandparents, they know everything clearly. That's what I learned about black people. Just nowt. They, they know everything.


You Know they Bible thumpers. Oh God. And they raised you heavy on that. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Okay. Anyways, you And your dad just got on good terms. And You know what I did when I went to North Carolina. And I called my dad and said, Hey dad, you have a minute. I would love to come by and see you. Hey, what He say? You know. You know what he said? No, he did have a mini. He said he was working. Oh my God. But I reached out the fight. Oh man. I was Like, this You know what? Just hilarious. Dads would've showed up. That's right. Showed up. He would've showed up. Ted would've definitely showed up. Lemme ask you this, Lemme ask you. Since You know everything, he got one thing. Now you want Go ahead ask me. Lemme close. What do you, how do you respond? Lemme ask you this. How do you respond when you get a a first you get a voicemail from your dad cussing you out.


Like straight. Cussing me out. Yes. And then you get a text to follow it up. Cussing me out. And then when you call him, he starts cussing you on again. All a res game. At what point do you be like, what am what am I doing? You gotta protect your boundaries. I've gotten all of the three. Okay. But like I told you, I was raised, you only get one father. So even if I just shoot him a text sometimes just be like, Hey, I'm thinking about you wanna let You know I love you. He might, he don't have to respond. And if he does respond sometimes, oh my God, he's been blocked in my phone sometimes and can't respond. This Got an Tyler Perry movie up here. That's what this Is. Oh my God. You get One father, you Daddy. That's the name of the movie. You only get one daddy. You said earlier, dad, your kids had to learn you not perfect. Have you seen call your father?


Have you seen he's A foreman. If that black Girl Energy, you feel, you feel a black girl? I felt I Felt a big tie, bro. I stopped sweating. I got used to it. No, You stopped sweating. 'cause I showed you how to really build a fan. Oh God. God, you can't just let it go. She's gotta take Credit for everything. Oh my God. Oh my God. I'm gonna start dating white Women. I'm telling you, you gonna take me there. I'm reason you start dating white women. Take that story. Driving the white women is crazy. I would be the only white guy though on the planet. Like if I, if they got a picture of me with a white woman and black would be like, sell out. I freaking knew it. I knew it was a sell out dog. Could you see Tyler Perry's new new movie yet?


No. Which one? Can you show 'em the scene just to scene? And would you play this character? I'm just curious. You got a white guy character, By the way, the movie's, it's a TV show. It's actually really good. It's called Beauty and Black. This this scene right here. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. So after, so he, I didn't hear it. He was Lower and said, come on, get it. They was arguing and then the guy walked out and then he called the guy's name and he pulled his pants down. And I said, you gonna be back for this ass? I I I don't know. I I might, You might come back for the ass.


I'd be laughing. I be like, Yeah, you could come back for this Ass And. I be like this. Look. I'm just kidding. Oh my God. Oh my God. Who wrote that? Tyler? Like there was literally You know he write all his Own. Well Tyler got a secret sauce man. I'm telling you. Tyler knows what to put in his movies and TV shows that make you keep coming back, man. Well, I mean the fact that you had on your phone. No, That's says a lot. No, no. Little Dal little Duvall texted me that Why you always cut it out. It's always somebody else texted you. Something did. But it, but I will say It made me watch. I said I gotta go see the rest of this show. What's it called? Beauty and Black. Is is it all, is it gay?


No. It, oh, I mean, is is gay characters? Yeah. Is it all Gay though? No, no, no, no. It's not all gay. It's gay characters though. Okay, Okay, okay, Okay. That's good. That's good. The The black Girl Energy I was talking about earlier was when your ex-wife, your ex-wife, you wanted to sit in front of the plane with his ex ex-wife. Oh yeah, yeah. Okay, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, that, that's a true story. Get your name. One time we were flying And I, I got upgraded and she didn't And. I You know you when get upgraded, you get the, the notification on your phone. I was like, oh sweet. I upgraded And. I was like, oh, she's flying with me. So I was like, do I tell her And I was like, I'll just wait. So I waited until we got to the airport.


And I was like, oh my God, I just got upgraded. I was like, what? What are we doing? And she was like, what do you mean And? I go, can I sit in the front? Can I think the flight was only like an hour and a half. I just remember she looked at me, she was like, take your ass to the front. See what the fuck happens. I was like, this guess I'm sitting in the back. And then I, I said if I'd have known my divorce is gonna end, my mayors gonna end a divorce. I would've, I would've sat in the front that day. But that Was, that was scary. Black Woman energy. For Real. Yeah. You were like, throw you, she just had to go to the back. Hmm. You was going, she, you wasn't gonna go back there with her? I asked. I just asked. I sat in the back with her. That is, I sat in the back for That is hor. Y'all would do that.


What Charla Manna Envy. Would you guys leave your wives and coach and go to first class? Well leave him in Coach and go to first class. So what You said left them like I, I've I've I've done that before. It depends. It depends how long Short flight it Was. An hour and a half. And it depends how far the seats are apart. Would you, would your wives have known before you guys got to the airport? Well, I, that You know that something like that recently happened. Alright, let me ask you this. Lemme ask you this. Lemme start. I just cut you off. 'cause I tell that story wasn't gonna be very good. So We, we always talk about that instance. You gotta realize we were together so long, we flew so many flights together. So I'll give you another instance. Obviously you think you're trying to get me on all this shit. I could already tell. But one time she was pregnant, right?


And, I got upgraded and she didn't. So I said, well, let's have some fun with this one. So I'm in first And I. When she got on the plane, I was like, ma'am, I said, oh my God, I would feel awful if you're pregnant like that. And I'm in first take my seat. And then she just, she sat in the front. And I in the back. That's true. She had the big belly. And. I. Remember the flight attendant goes, anything he wants, he gets, She didn't know Y was a couple. Huh? She didn't know y'all A couple. No, she didn't Know. So she, of course she's pregnant. I put her in the front. And I sat in the back. Another instance since, because I fly every week. So another instance was we got, I got, I got upgraded and, but I said, okay, it was a long flight, so we're gonna sit together.


I said, but let's, let's not say anything. Let's board. And we'll ask the person and coach if they wanna switch. But we're not gonna tell 'em, let's coach the first, let's just see if they're cool. So I'm not lying. And I hate to bring race into it, but it, it gives context of the story. White lady in the window, young black kid in the aisle. I asked went the white lady first. I like the window. And I say, you mind switching seats? And she was like, no. And kept looking out the window. Wouldn't say nothing. I asked the young black kid, I said, Hey man, you wanna switch the seat? He goes, I don't care. He didn't ask where he was going. I gave him my ticket. He got about three rows up. He goes, Hey, hey man, this is first. This is first. I said, I know. Enjoy it. The way it looked over, I was like, I asked you first. Hilarious. And then that kid was so cool that he came back in the middle of the flight.


He goes, Hey man, they're giving us lunch. You want anything to eat? I was like, no, go eat, bro. Then we got off the plane and he, he waited for me to say thank you again because he never flew first class before. I bet say the kid was 19, 20 years old. Wow. And then we, we ended up walking the bagger claim BS-ing the whole time and stuff. So it was cool. It was a good interaction. Good. I Do wonder how you learned to love black people the way that you do. Being that your father was, I mean, you open, you openly say he's a racist. He was racist. He's a functional bigot. Okay. I don't think he's realizes the stuff he says and, and does. But I, I don't think he just out and out hates black people as a, as a court. I just don't think black people are at his wedding, are coming to his house to hang out.


You know what I mean? He likes black people like over there. He likes to root for he like segregation. So like yeah. Yo, this Is crazy. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. I don't think you realize it People so much. If if your dad. Yeah, that's what I mean. Like what? Like Yeah. How did that happen? I don't know. Probably the military, military, military. My first bunk mate, his name was Co Washington from South Carolina. That's black. Yeah. Facts. And then You know you gotta rely on each other and you're all making the same amount of money. Everybody. So it's just, when you get to the military, I just, I gravitated 'cause I liked playing basketball and nothing will make a white guy want to, to hang around black people more than just hit a shot or dunk a ball.


And the brothers go, ah, shit. Damn. Yeah. It's like, that's like if you can dance too. Oh My God. You be you be raising up. Yeah. You go out with him one night and you hit one move. Ugh. You can dance. You, you, you can dance. Huh? You can. You got rhythm. I, I mean, yeah. I've been, I've been fucking black girls for a long time. Can't be coming like this. Look, Tyrese black men cry. White men. Fuck. How, How, how was your mom? I don't talk to her either. God. Jesus. I know right Gary? Like it's bad. I know. Yeah. I don't talk to my mom. And I ain't talking to my mom in like eight years. Why? Just When my brother died, when my brother had the heroin overdose, she, we wanted, I, I wanted to try to get custody of his daughter and then that it was, it was just ugly, ugly custody battle.


And that kind of ended it. You was fighting Your mom for custody? Yeah. Yeah. I didn't wanna fight her. I just said I knew it was gonna be bad because you gotta realize, Mike, I got one, one brother died of a heroin overdose. The other brother, they found him in a parking lot, half beaten to death. So he's like, he's like the brain of a 4-year-old right now. No. And that, that was drug related. 'cause he was, he was doing drugs and selling drugs and then it caught up to him. Like it's clearly the people he stole from got him. And we knew it was coming and he was living at home with my mom and stepdad. So I, when my brother died, I was like, I knew what he was doing. So I was like, I didn't want to come back 'cause I wouldn't allow him at my house.


Like they couldn't even, I said, you can't get my address 'cause I don't want him be in there with some family function. And now people wanna retaliate on him. So I just thought for my brother's daughter, I was like, we we're a better option. And it just got it. It was such a ugly custody thing. And I'm not gonna get into it, but there was like different threats made and stuff. So I was just like, we got, we gotta fall back. Yeah. You could've been a rapper. Facts. Damn. Yeah. Jesus. How did you escape? Like, like how did you get on the right path? Like how did you escape black? This guy is so stupid. It kept me sane.


That is crazy. No, it stupid. It just got hot again. I don't believe it. All that. No. I don't know. I Don think I need to bleep that. Just be just In case. But no, I I think It's gonna say black Ep. I think And I think when you're raised in dysfunction and raised like that, you got two ways to go. You can either, a lot of guys fall into that, like they do drugs and everything else. And my thing was like, I wanna be as far away from that as possible. So when I joined the military, I just, I, I said, man, I remember when I joined I said, how soon can I leave? Mm, how soon can I leave? And so I, I was 17 when I left. Like I, I graduated high school. I was out like shortly after graduation, I was in the Navy.


So I was just like, it's like, it's almost like I didn't know where I wanted to go. I just know where I didn't wanna be. I don't wanna be stuck in that trailer park and stuff. So I was just like, I'm out And I. I just never really went back. I just, and then you, you get older and you realize, oh this is, you feel outta place when you go home. It doesn't feel like home. You feel like I was raised in this because I think the last thing I said to my stepdad, obviously you try to reconcile when my brother died. But before that I wasn't really talking to him a lot. And I said, because he is always put me down and making fun of me. And I think the last I remember the last thing I said to him was, we just had some family function or something. And. I got my cousins and we're cutting up, we're laughing. He walked in, he goes, people pay to hear you tell jokes like that.


You, you tell jokes like that and people pay. 'cause he was a real negative dude. And, I just, I remember I looked at him, I go millions and walked out the door. That's a Tyler Perry that was convincing Tyler Perry scene right there. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. Millions walked out the door. That was the last talk to him. And then my brother, And I obviously try to reconcile, but then that didn't work out. You know. They Say tragedy is the mirror image of comedy. I was Just saying Facts man. You got a lot of, Because Oh, 'cause like I remember they, when Chris Tucker hit on Friday, I remember he was saying like, it's some interview, he goes, yeah, I'm having a hard time doing standup 'cause like all my jokes about being broke, living with my mom. He goes, now I got some money, nothing. There's nothing funny about having money You. know what I mean? But yeah, so I I guess it's a lot to unpack in, in my past, I guess.


Damn. They Like real life. Like when you're not being the comedian, like what do you do to kind of center? Like just be okay? You got a lot that you, he cries that you kind of compartmentalize. I don't know about crying, bro. I understand. You put I me at peace a lot more now. Listen, you been saying You cry all in a Few. Yeah, I do. I cry in my car by myself. I don't really, I'm not gonna cry on Breakfast Club. When the last Time you cried Gary, You trying to get me Sweet? I don't know. You You know. You, You I cry in my car. Like a song will come on to me hit. You'd be like, like if they had a hidden camera in my car, they'd be like, God damn, this got a range of emotion that that it's Been a long time record with Khalifa.


That one get you. No, no. That doesn't gimme a lot. That one doesn't gimme a lot. I tell you there's a good one. Chris Stapleton and Pink. They got a couple songs there. One is called Just Say I'm sorry. Oh, that one gets me because it's, it really is like what you go back to. It's that easy. Even if You know you're not right, just say you're sorry. Yeah. You know what I mean? That's, that's what I had to do with when, when I reconciled with my son, I was just like, listen, I, I know we got a lot to unpack. I said, but I, I didn't handle everything perfect, but I'm just apologizing. I don't know what you've heard, but we, we, we was able to talk about everything. So I was just like, dude, that was, that was my bad. Sorry. What About your ex-wife? Have you apologized to her? Yeah. Yeah. I apologize for the infidelities and stuff like that.


So yeah. I apologize. I'm sorry. Publicly. Look, I, I'm sorry. Huh? That what I'm saying publicly or just, just I just did, but nah, in private You know. I told her So you ain't get me to cry bro. I Trying to get you to cry. Trying to get you cry because Why? You got all them. Is that for all your kids? Yes. How did I know that? What is that? Is it sperm? What is that? It's angel wings. Oh, is it sperm wings? It looks like sperm. It does not look like sperm. Sperm on your neck. It does look like sperm on your neck. Sperm on sperm saying look like little sperm sperm worms.


Oh my goodness. You Got sperm worms And the new special broken family? Oh yes. It's on YouTube. We have stream it on YouTube now. Yeah, It's stream on YouTube. Why Should people watch it? Gary? Huh? It Oh, it's just, it's good. It's funny. Yes. It's just funny. We try to overthink things with standup man. It's just funny. And I got, I I, when I filmed this, I did, I did this special on Friday and then a different one on Saturday. Mm. So that, that one will be out for the years out. We're just, we're just letting this one ride and then we'll do the other one on you too. Oh, so you're dropping two Specials this year. Wow. So we're probably, I'm thinking I, I wanna do New Year's Eve, but they're, so let's see. Let's see. But hey, I'll have two out for the years out. Okay. Two bangers baby. You Got one more thing to say?


You got something? Yeah. What else? Whoa. Nothing. I'm Good. That's it. We unpacked a lot today. You should. You you did? Yeah. Oh my God. This one. I, I try to be inclusive and then she goes, I ain't got nothing Do with this. I'm a tip. I gave you the, I'm looking out. There's a piece of paper, but thanks Gary Owen, it's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The. Breakfast, Club.