
American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career and family, a PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online apus programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates, so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.aps.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you.


Hey everybody. It's your favorite play, cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning Show. You know, the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra. With available I force Max Hybrid Engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow, go lower from Blumhouse tv iHeartPodcasts. An Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst as he unravels the mystery of his vanish boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously, listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island Stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes. But don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca Ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses. But everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing. Karen, Where have you brought us? Cancellation Island. Where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes, sir. Am Omarion. Hey, Welcome back. The good brother O Hey, Hey, hey. What was the routine this morning, man? What did you do? Did you wake up, pray, meditation? What was it? Yep. Little moment to myself, you know what I'm saying? Shower up, get fresh. Say my affirmations. Put on my, Ooh, I'm here. What was your intention for today? To just have a good time. You know what I'm saying? Not put too much on it, you know what I'm saying? You are known as the Zen King. Like, yo, how do you stay so tranquil, like so zenful through everything?


Like you don't let nothing bother you. Yo, I done came at you so many times, so many. Like, yo, you letting know this man. Literally. He said, yeah, let, Lets nothing get to him. I'm trying To get to that. I'm, I'm intentional. Yeah. I'm intentional. And also I don't take things personal. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? The wild thing is, you know, am Omarion, I just looked it up. Am Omarion is 40 years old. Crazy. We've been seeing him grow up. I he still, I don Dunno if he still Like now Omarion 40. I ain't You still got baby hair. He 40 is Yes. People still, that's a blessing. It is. Absolutely. So people still look at you as a, like a, a young, I can't say teen, but a Right.


A young 20-year-old. 'cause that's what you look like. Yeah. Well, Emini here. It does confuse people sometimes, but yeah, I think I made it to UNC status at this, at this point in time. You Ain't young kid. Not big some y Be like, Yeah, You can't be uncle with Baby Head Mario. Nah, no, no. Millennium Tour is back. Yes, yes, yes, yes. I'm super excited about it. We played the Barclays on the 21st, so if you ain't got your ticket, definitely pop out. It's a moment. It's a moment. What keeps you doing all this? That the all he is like, what keeps you doing, doing this? He's still Doing flips and dancing, like no, like what? You twist your ankle, it gonna take a long time to heal, right?


No, actually I have a, a routine of, of, of making sure that I, you know, stay energized. I'm a performer, so it's important that I take care of my body. But the Millennium Tour, you know, is a series concert that has brought nostalgic, literally back on the planet, you know, my era and my time. I'm so happy to been a part of it because, you know, it brings you back to a memory and creates a new memory at the same time, you know? So I'm excited. Yeah. We we keeping it going. We keeping that energy going. Yeah. Can I, can I ask you what 40 felt like? And I remember how I felt when I turned 40? Yeah. Where were you, what were you doing? How did it feel? Because to me it felt like I, I really entered the new dimension when I turned 40. Yeah. So I usually don't do anything for myself and, and shout out to Janine who helped me put together my birthday party, but I had a birthday party in Malibu and it was such a, an amazing gathering.


You know, all of my friends came out, my family, so I did something for myself, you know, which was throw a party. It was a lot of beautiful people in the building. So that's what I did for my birthday. Did you feel like yourself going into a different level of consciousness? F for sure a different level of maturity, a certain level expectation for myself. The things that I'm creating now, you know, why am I still doing it? I, I definitely feel like I've arrived because, you know, I'm one of the few entertainers that have grown up in a public eye. So growing up has, you know, been a, a challenge in at, at some times in my career. You know what, Emini here. So I finally feel like I've arrived to that place where, you know, I can have a say so and people understand it and respect it.


So Now how do y'all figure out who closes the Millennium Tour? Like who closes that show? You got so many artists on there, right? And you are one of the originators on that tour. So who closes the Millennium Tour? Well, it is a co-head line, you know, myself, Trey, and Bow. So it's, it's kind of meant to be like a festival vibe, you know, any real performing artist will tell you. Sometimes it's, it's not best to close the show because, you know, the energy is drained, you know, you kind of want to go maybe second, you know, to last. So for me, yeah, I don't really trip off of that, but yeah, that's how we decide between us and the promoters. So How do you headline? So is it like you do two, then you jump in, do two?


Yeah. Trey jumps in to do two and then Exactly. Yeah, maybe Trey will close and then me and Bow will swap in between, you know, him going last before Trey or me going last before Trey. Okay. So yeah. How so? I know before you know, the Millennium toy, it was B 2K, why not? Yes. B 2K, this run? Well this one was kind of more so framed for this class. Gotcha. You know, all the, if, if you look at the, you know, who's on there now, it's a lot of non millennium, you know, artists, you know what I'm saying? Like, I think it's so cool that Booie iss gonna be on there. Yeah. You know what Emini here Yeah. Applies. I think we are gonna get some special guests as well.


Yeah. Bobby V Pleasure. P Exactly. The whole vibe. So it, it is kind of, I would say a little bit different than, you know, like the previous years. So yeah, that's, that's how, that's How it, so are we getting all the o like the, the Yeah, we getting The classics with No Skip for Me. We getting the classics, So we getting that. Okay. Yeah, we getting the classic. It's, it is actually my 20th year anniversary of putting in being a solo artist. Damn You. Yeah. Are we getting that old? Time is flying. Time is flying. Yeah. So yeah, we get into classics and also I'll be introducing some new music. You know what Emini here, I got some new music, some new slaps I'm gonna be performing as well. So you Said something that was interesting.


You said growing up for you was a challenge. Yeah. Why, why was growing up a challenge? Did you mean personally or professionally? Like Both. All just because, you know, when you're young and people see you're young and you don't change much, you know what Emini here, like physically. Yeah, yeah. You know, 'cause I, I, I take care of myself, you know? Absolutely. People tend to just, you know, put you where they thought that you were, you know what I'm saying? So yeah, it's been a challenge in that way. And then also in business, you know, just really being able to like, have a say so, and then I just be like, okay, well you're a kid. You know what Emini here, any, any child stars will tell you, you know, having a foot in control in their business is, is a struggle when you start young.


When did that change? Like, when did people start saying, okay, this is am Omar on the grown man, not the kid from B 2K? I think once I really started taking full responsibility for my independence, you know, trying different things. I think that, you know, when you're in the industry for a long time, it is peaks and valleys. You know, you're not gonna have 10 hot moments, you know what I'm saying? You might have a down moment, you might have a transitional moment. I think that it's okay, you know, when you're finding your way, And I felt like after my last, like, couple of projects, you know, just supporting myself, being independent, like, I started to feel like, okay, now I have control of my career. Oh, I want to put this out.


Okay, maybe I should put it out this way. You know, maybe I should do things differently. You know, I, I grew, I grew into that, so I'm like very proud of that, you know? 'cause a lot of artists don't get the chance to do that. That's true. And nobody talks about that. Right. Like, nobody talks about when you're a red hot and there, there's a ice box for your career. Used to be, you know what, Emini here, like Emini here. I don I don't feel like you ever been through that. 'cause you always on the road. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And, and I've been gifted, you know, with the talent to be able to do many things. Like two years ago, I believe the last time we spoke, you know, I was promoting my book. So there's always something for me to do. Something new that I just did that's really exciting is a show called The Wild Rose with All Black.


So I'm gonna be, you know, hitting your TVs in two, 2026. I play an assassin. So it's something different. Oh, first of all, yeah. I'm doing fighting scenes. I'm socking and popping. Wow. So you will be seeing me in a whole, the Sin King is now an assassin, Assassin Emini here, you know, I'm acting exactly right. But you know, the, the, the real true measure of an actor is to tell the truth. You know what I'm saying? So get to show a different side of myself. I'm excited about that. I Feel like that's a natural transition for all you flexible guys though. Seriously. Like you, Chris Brown, Chris, y'all Should be doing action Movies. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Whooping ass. That's A part of it, you know? And I got a different respect for you now. Right. And I'll tell you why. So my daughter's dance. Right.


And the amount of, I would say pressure they have when they dance, but also the amount of time it takes to practice. Yeah. Like I, I never thought about it. And then when they go to these competitions and they dancing every day, they, they do ballet, hip hop, jazz, whatever it takes. And I'm like, Jesus Christ. The fact that o Omarion has to do that and sing and not worry about, and not lose breath and remember the steps. Yeah. Growing up, how often did you dance? Like How Every day. Every day. Every day. That was like a big part of, you know, my existence in my career. Dancing is second nature. And, and the singing part too. You know, the breath, you know, really, you know, being able to know like, okay, this is a live performance.


Maybe I shouldn't do the routine right here. I definitely have grown in that space. Even even boys. I don't see too many boys, young boys of men dancing. Yeah. You'll see for every a thousand girls you see two, two boys. Yeah. Yeah. Because I guess it's a thing a new boy wants to dance, but It's crazy because it's a whole language, you know, especially when it comes to women. You know, when you learn how to lead women in dance, you know how to lead 'em in real life. So, do You have your children in dance? Do you, you boys dance? Yeah. No, they dance. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Oh yeah. My daughter's in gymnastics. My son, he more so like, he's too a little too cool for it. I was the same way early on. But yeah, he, he still can, he still can dance. So That's how you be seducing women.


You'd be like, lemme show you some moose. You know, that's what you do House? No, I start at the mind first. I start with the mind first and then, and then, you know, then I get into dance moves. When Did, when did you first start learning to dance? It's, I had my first dance recital at either three or five. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. So, and it was tap dance. So I've been dancing my whole life. So they always, they always knew that you was gonna be an entertainer. Yeah. Wow. Yeah, very much so. With The dance world. So big, you never thought about doing something in dance. Like, you know how they have America's Got Talent and all these d and challenges and all these different shows. You never thought about creating your own because you're one of hip hop's dancers? Mm, Yeah. No, I definitely wanna do, and Especially seeing an old girl at the Olympics and what people thought hip hop break dancing was.


Right, right, right. Damn. I was, I was mad at that. Yeah, I was mad at that. But yeah, I definitely, I want to open up some dance studios. I believe I've been talking about it for years. But just, you know, really waiting for the opportunity to create a creative space for kids. Because that's how I grew up. You know, I went to the Boys and Girls Club, it was always stuff to do, you know, so I definitely gonna do either a TV show or open up a facility for sure. That's dope for sure. Now going back to Wild Rose, right, because you also executive produ, like you producing that too. What was the, the process of like getting into that role? 'cause it's Emini here 'cause planning assassin that just don't come natural to you. Or have you killed niggas before?


You know, I don know, you know, what was that process like? So That process was deep. You know, I definitely had an assistance with my acting coach and, you know, I really started diving into who is this person who is Rose? You know, he has 27 bodies. So he does have a lot of psychological and emotional issues and how it pertained to, you know, this particular scene or, you know, at, at one point in time we reveal that my family is not no longer with me. That's something that brings him anxiety. He's actually a righteous kill sometimes, you know, he gets in trouble with his agency, which is called Civil by the way, Vanessa e Williams plays my mom.


Okay. And I also want to talk about my boy. What, what's my boy? Yeah. Allen Payne. Oh wow. My boy Allen Payne plays my father, you know, in it. So I'm, I'm surrounded by great, incredible actors. Hell yeah. But yeah, I did my due diligence and also I really wanted to bring the character to life because he struggles with, I think a lot of things that a lot of men go through. And that is, is wanting to have a foundational relationship with, with their family. Mm. You know what Emini here, it's obviously tumultuous because I'm an assassin. Yeah. But I show that journey. I end up Body Garden for this very famous singer named Samaya.


Shout out to Casey Gardner, a new actress that's gonna be on the scene and shout out to Deja Le Ray. But it's gonna be something to watch. Yeah. So look for that. All black 2026. That's gotta be tough though, when you are a per person who practices mindfulness the way you do. Yeah. To get into a person who's dealing with so much, so much trauma. It is it, how did you, how did you get out of get, get Outta character? I made certain ticks, you know, for the character. And I also, you know, lend myself to it. So it, it was never in, in a negative way. You know, there are certain scenes where, you know, I, I, without giving away too much of this story, there's certain scenes where I had to like, really dig deep beyond myself and do the research.


Like, you know, how would I feel if I killed someone, you know, what would I feel? You know? And because I've, you know, stitched out the character so well, I'm able to kind of say, okay, this is the difference between me and him, you know, now I can take him off And I can be myself. So little stuff like that, my wardrobe, the way I looked, I looked differently. So Do you have boundaries for as far, as far as far as how far you'll go as an actor? Like how far you'll, how deep you'll go? I haven't found any yet. I haven't found any yet. I think the only maybe challenge would be like cutting my hair. Yeah. Because, you know, my hair is, is, is sacred to me, is something that is spiritual for me too.


My spiritual antenna. So that's like, I went out for a bunch of different roles. Actually. I went out for a Sammy Davis Jr role. Oh, you had to cut you head for that. Yeah. That was a conversation. That was a conversation. That was a tough one. Just because I feel like to a degree, you know, you don't wanna lose yourself in certain characters. You know, you playing a character for three months, it really does become who you are. So I'm very mindful that that's probably my only challenge. But there's wigs. There's wigs, you know, I don't think you can put all that under Wigs. That's A lot. No, you can, you can Wrap this thing up. Well, yeah. And you feel me, pat it Down. There's some real professionals in this game.


Trust me. Yo. That's interesting man. 'cause I wonder what's more important nowadays, your personal or your professional, because it's only, like you said, it's only three months. Yeah. But then I gotta live the rest of my life. Exactly. I'm the one that gotta deal with this. Exactly. Is it worth it? I don't know. You know, I, I think, I think for some people it depends on the check, you know? And for a person like me, I think it, it, it depends on the story. It, it depends on where I am and, and if I really do feel like it is my duty as, as an actor to tell this story. So I think it's some factors, you know, what Emini here, but I, I'm very like, connected with myself spiritually and, and my hair is a, is an identity, you know, for, for myself.


So what's The spiritual connection with your hair? Just your antennas? You know, I think when you see people that grow hair, you know that it takes time. Anytime you see any elders that have long hair, you know, you respect them automatically because, you know, it's a process. And also I come from a hair family, so, you know, having healthy hair has always been just, you know, mandatory. So you look down on bald people. Nah, I was come on saying, I have no, No no intent Because I am follicly challenged. So don't wait a minute. Don't do none of this. Wow. Up here come, no, no, nah. You like, you're wide ball people. There Is no actually, there's certain bald people you just don't wanna mess with.


You know what I'm saying? So dis respect. Yeah. Up. Now I want to get into RB music. What's your thoughts on RB music now? Right. Growing up there was always RB groups, right? Yeah. Whether it was white or black, whether it's New Edition or Pretty Ricky or B 2K Yeah. Or whoever it may be. Boyi men. You don't see that now. Yeah. Why is that, and why do you think that is? And what's your thoughts on RB music today? I think that r and b music is an ever evolving, changing, you know, just like all genres of music, you know, country coming back. I feel like it goes through a type of evolution. I think r and b is, is definitely rearing its head back in the sentimental and expressive way that we talk about our emotions.


You know? That's why I loved r and b, I loved r and b because, you know, there was this sentiment that, you know, if it was your icebox, you know, representing your heart, these metaphors that kind of allowed men to express themselves. So I feel like it's, it's in a, it's in a dope state. Like one of my favorite songs out right now is Mutt by Leon. So it's like when people like him and you know, some other new artists that, you know, have really put the time in to express their emotion. And I feel like it's, it's going back. I was talking Specifically groups. Oh, okay. Groups. You don't see that anymore. Do you think people don't wanna put the time and energy and effort into it anymore? They want a quick turnaround?


No, I, I think, I think, I think is, that's a factor. And I also feel like, I don't know if there's, I haven't seen a lot of of people band together outside of like hip hop and gangs, you know what I'm saying? Like, it's not, I'm pretty sure there's some out there, but not at the forefront yet. And I feel like that time, you know, maybe within a year or two we'll probably see some, some really dope groups. But it's just like, I think everybody also too have the ex the expectation that at, at some point in time they'll break up. You know? So I think that there is a, a brotherhood, a type of brotherhood you, you have to kind of display. And That does take a lot of time. Right. Emini here. Like even like, 'cause what you can do solo, it would take what, 10 times longer to do with a group.


Yeah. Because that's like one band, one sound. Y'all have to get on one accord Exactly. To all be aligned. Exactly. Harmonization, you know, all of that. So that did, it took a lot of time. It did with making music with B 2K as opposed to doing it yourself. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Can you, Can you have a great group or maybe even a great RB singer without artist development. I feel like that's what's missing from the game. That is missing from the game. Yeah. Yeah. And I would say that is the reason why, you know, for us, you know, when I was in the group that we had the run that we had, because we spent so much time together, we had one common goal, you know, we were focused on one thing. And it's so hard, you know, after success to kind of keep that path. So it is a little bit more difficult unless it's like family, but even family, you know, family fight too.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know what, Emini here. So yeah, I think it is, you know, about developing something And I would love to do that in the future, you know, if I ever had an opportunity to, you know, bring a group to the forefront. You know what Emini here, I feel like that's what's missing too is just like having elders, having people that have gone through certain experiences. It's like, you know, some of the Ys, you know, they don't have big homies, you know, they don't have people that could be like, I'm going through this, you know, what do you think? I can't wait for the game to get back to that place. And also, you know what we jagged edge was here. Yeah. They were talking about people don't sing to the vagina anymore, yo. Yeah. Like, they don't ask, they don't, that's facts Beg, Why you looking at me like that?


You Talking? That's guy crazy. Yo. You ass. They don't beg anymore. Yeah. The vagina has changed. Has it? You can never, You can get made now You Gotta make sure they're not genetically modified. Yeah. The vagina has changed. What do you mean it's changed? Changed James? Definitely James. Yeah. I, I feel like, you know, you know there's this thing called soft girl era, you know what Emini here And I don't know, it's just, I feel like it's so materialistic. You know what Emini here, like in order to really, you know, swoon a woman, you have to really find a particular type and you have to appeal to her, you know, differently than you maybe had to appeal to her.


Generally speaking back in the day, you know what Emini here, so I would say it is, is it's different. You know how you can wake up those senses? It depends on the woman. You know what Emini here, because some women will not be turned on by a, a nice guy. You know what Emini here, some women get turned on by assholes and people who are disrespectful and call them out, their names crazy. Some women are really just into that. You know what, Emini here, some women, you know, vagina only get wet with money. You know what, Emini here. So yeah, I think, I think it's a little bit different. And you have to be more specific. If you really want to entice a woman, you know what Emini here lyrically Doesn't that require us to vibrate? Hi. And what Emini here by that is facts.


Like facts. If you, facts, if a woman is only used to eating fast food, but you know, she out the country and she eat a real fruit, and you're like, damn, I ain't no Man ain't go in Jamaica. You know What I'm saying? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So don't that require us to vibrate Higher? I agree. Yeah, I agree. I that's, that's the tip I'm on. You know what Emini here, outside of being mature and having my experiences, you know, really just being able to have a, a good conversation, you know? Yeah. An in depth conversation. Somebody asked me the other day, like, what are some of the questions that I asked on, you know, a first gathering, I don't call 'em dates, you know, The gathering. Gathering, Yeah. Gathering. Okay. Why do You call it a first gathering? Because I think a date ha carries a certain level of expectation. You know, whether that be a place or whether that be a, a price budget.


You know what Emini here, I think


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed delivering online apus programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates, so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families. The preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit apu.aps.edu/military to learn more American public university education that moves with you.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent All-Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the knee Nissan Kicks only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey y'all, I'm Maria Fernandez. My podcast when You're Invisible is my love letter to the working class people and immigrants who shaped my life. I get to talk to a lot of people who form the backbone of our society, but who have never been interviewed before. Season two is all about community organizing and being underestimated. All the greatest changes have happened when a couple of people said, this sucks. Let's do something about it. I can't have more than $2,000 in my bank account or else I can't get disability benefits. They won't let you succeed. I know we get paid to serve you guys, but like, be respectful or made outta the same things. Bone, body blood. It's rare to have black male teachers. Sometimes I am the lesson and I'm also the testament. Listen to when You're Invisible as part of the Mike Cultura podcast Network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Hunter host of Hunting for Answers on the Black Effect Podcast Network. Join me every weekday as I share bite-sized stories of missing and murdered black women and girls in America. There are several ways we can all do better at protecting black women. My contribution is shining a light on our missing sisters and amplifying their disregarded stories. Stories like Tamika Anderson. As she drove toward Galvez, she was in contact with several people talking on the phone as she made her way to what should have been a routine transaction. But Tamika never bought the car and she never returned home that day. One podcast, one mission, save our girls, join the searches, we explore the chilling cases of missing and murdered black women and girls. Listen to hunting for answers every weekday on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Gathering kind of keeps it on a, on a very just non assuming low level expectation. And really when you're getting to know somebody, you don't need much. You know, you just need conversation and great questions. You know what I'm saying? And, and nice ambiance. So yeah, from my first gatherings, you know, I, I asked very serious questions. You know, like, you know, what is your purpose in life? Ooh, you know what? Emini here, what Is your intention with this Dick? I'm sorry. Damn. We just gonna jump straight out. Who dang Jesus whatcha gonna do to it baby. That's not a gathering.


Yes, Jesus. Now that's some great question. Do you know what you're doing, baby? Do you Have enough experience? Jesus Christ. But yeah, questions like that. But I think you set the tone because they see you. Oh yeah. So they see you on Instagram, they see how you've grown and evolved. They see what you on. Yeah. So they feel like they gotta be there too, I would think. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Emini here. I definitely have my own personal challenges as well because again, you know, we are a a a a vibration of, of people, you know what Emini here. So sometimes things can look good on the outside, but then once you really get into it, you like, ooh, there's some, there's some things you have to fix that I can't help you with. You know what, Emini here. So I always give myself room.


I say that my, my timeline is like two years. I give myself two years with a person to really figure out if I'm, you know, gonna continue with them. You know what Emini here, I gotta see they family. I gotta see they best friends. And we actually have to go through something to see if yes, you can worth be in my life. Have you ever been turned off by a, a, a woman's trauma because you can't be a person's heal. Yeah. Yeah, For sure. Okay, okay. For sure. I think particularly women that drink that overdrink, you know what Emini here, it's really hard because they mask it with the drink, you know, in a good time. Mm. You're never able to really see, you know what Emini here like. Yeah. So fasting is, is is a part of, you know, being with me too. Has that ever been too much for a woman? Has a woman ever said, look man, I like you, but I'm not with all of this mindfulness stuff that You on.


Nah, nah, nah. I don't really run into that issue. And I don't frame it in the way, I don't frame it in a way. It's just more so like, yo, let's be healthy. Like, oh, I'm about to go into fast. You wanna join? You know what, Emini here, it's no pressure. So what does the love look, Love Life look like for Oh, today, Emini here, to be fair, you know, I have two beautiful and amazing kids. And you know, any parent will tell you once you have kids, there's the love level is just hell yeah. Astronomical. When you have kids, you know, 'cause they love you. They don't care what you did yesterday and today, you know, so I'm, I'm, I'm just chilling right now. You know what Emini here, I'm first generational wealth builder, so I'm still focusing on continuing my legacy and building for them. You know, I have, I have a friend at two, you know what Emini here.


But you know, it's nothing. It's nothing serious. Okay, Cool. Now we've seen your Love Life play out on TV a little bit. Yeah. Would you ever do that again? Have your love? What? No, never. Never. Not again, not. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Nah, I think Did it hurt? Huh? Did it hurt you or help you To that? I think a little bit of both. Yeah. I think in order to really transform as a man, you know, it had to be a little painful, you know, in order for you to change and be like, Ooh, I don't want to go through that again. Yeah. But yeah, I love, love and I'm definitely not a person that's like so hurt that I can't open myself up to it. So yeah. Is everything better with you and the mother of your children? Yeah. Yeah. We're, we're in a better place. That's what's up. We're in a way better place.


Emini here, you know, Mega's 10, my daughter, she'll be nine March 7th. So, you know, they're, they're getting older. So yeah, you know, time and time really help helps things. So yeah, we're in a better place. Have you ever, how, how do you avoid trauma bonds? I ask questions, you know, I ask questions And I think that that is what, you know, gives me the foresight to know on like, okay, this person is on that level, you know what Emini here to make sure that I'm not, and, And I also, I check in with myself, you know what Emini here and I'll make sure that, you know, I'm dealing with whatever personal issues I handle it. So that's how, that's how I work.


You know, I gotta ask you this, I seen a TikTok go viral where I said, I was about to say, be Simone Raven Simone had said she was pregnant by you a long time ago. Like in the younger days. When the hell would that happen? So this is, you know, the internet is a wild place. Absolutely. So if you look at the regular, the normal interview, the regular interview that they did, someone edited it and they, and they had her saying that because what happened, what she was saying on set that, you know, they have this certain level of expectation and people thought that she was pregnant with my child while She was with K Young. Okay. Yes. So they cut it. Yes, I got you. I got you.


Alright. Yeah. So she didn't actually say that. Okay. Yeah, she didn't say we were Y ever messing around somebody that was all speculation and everything like that. IIII never been in a room butt naked with her. You know what, Emini here, right? So, okay. Yeah. But we did live in the same apartment complex When we were younger. There was this complex back in the day, all of the entertainer kids stayed there. So Yeah. Really? Yeah, It was like a complex with all like Yeah. Emini here. Everybody that was making money. Really? Yeah. Everybody lived there. Three LW lived there. Raven Simone, a bunch of actors. Yeah, just a whole bunch of people. It was in Studio City. That Feel like a TV show. Yeah. I Was ready City. That's What's you kind before The TV show? Yeah, yeah, yeah. It was pretty fun going to the gym and seeing whoever, yeah.


Like, oh, okay. You working out today Now one time you was, you was applying a little bit of pressure on Nia alone. Can't blame you for that. My brother. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Can't blame you for it's just a little, a little. I saw her this weekend. Oh. I didn't see her present, but I saw her on Instagram at Floyd Mayweather party. Oh my God. She's beautiful. She's beautiful. I would love to work with her. I would, I would love to teach y'all to dance. I would love to work with her. Have you ever really shot your shot? No, actually after that moment we were at like a party and she was occupied. So, yeah. No, I didn't get the chance to look at her in her eye. We're both Scorpio, so I'm not sure what the energy would be like, but yeah, she, She's a, once y'all catch that eye contact, So Yeah, no, she's, she's a beautiful woman.


And then, you know, also, I don't know, I don't know how young her son is, but yeah, I don't know how, I don't know how young she goes. I don't know how exciting she wants her life to be. That's Alone, you know, Still shooting that shot. I don know exciting life to be right now. Like 55, maybe 51. I don't think she does. I think, yeah, I don't know. Neil Long is I gotta go look it up. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Now I Gotta look it up. But yeah, you know, I'm not afraid to learn. So What is your, I you got, You got line, but every age, age bracket? She 54, but yeah, 54. That's not even old. Yeah. Yeah. That ain't too old for you. 54. Nah, Not when it's near long. Not when it's near long. Because I know some other 50 fours it should be like Jesus.


Yeah, I said, I said my age cut off would be like 47. You know what Emini here, but a young, a young 50, a young 55. Yeah. I would definitely, you know what Emini here have a gathering or They all killing the young girls, by the way. Facts gimme along the Nia Lay things, the Angela Bass of The World, they killing you. That's facts. That's facts. I would love to, you know, get in, get into they mental state. You know what Emini here, because they are women that kind of stay away and they only pop out when it's time to. So I would love to like have a conversation and see where their mind are. But you know, they only accepting honesty for sure. They're older, they ain don't got time for the, And I, I don love, I lead with that. You know what Emini here that, you know, being a young man and leading with honesty is like a double-edged sword because, you know, some, some younger people are just not prepared for that.


You know what Emini here, but older women, they don't care. They don't care about that. So That's why you like that Leon Thomas record because he's being so honest. He is. Have you ever had, have you ever had to say that to somebody? Just let 'em know straight up like, look, I'm not trying to settle down. Yeah, I wouldn't, I wouldn't frame it like that. Like, I'm a dog, I'm a mutt. But yeah. Yeah. I definitely, anytime I'm, you know, involved with a woman, I let them know, you know, I'm not a traditional man. I'm not someone who subscribes to specific titles, you know what I'm saying? I, I like to create what, you know, what I wanna call or whatever it is that we make. So yeah. Do you say Grand Rising or Good morning?


I say The Rises Grand. You feel me? Ready? Go that way. Ready For the Rise is Grand baby. Hey yo. Okay, so what, what is your relationship going back, what is your relationship now with B 2K, with the rest, with the other three? Because it is not, it's technically not B 2K anymore. Is it Emini here? I always will honor, you know, my group, my foundation and, and, and you know, where I come from as far as personally, you know, we don't really have a relationship, but None of them Not, not really, you know, I will say that Boo did come to one of my shows and we chopped it up, you know, so there'll always be a type of love there.


You know, we, we grew up together and yeah. You know, we, we did something in all of our lives that no one in our lives did. You know what Emini here. So I think that there's always an honor system there, you know, not to speak negatively ever. And it'd just be like, yeah. You know, that was that. Did you guys know each other before the group started or you guys were brought together as the group That's, We were brought together as the group. Got it. Yeah. The first time I met them, it was at a New Year's Eve party and they performed And I performed and it was like, you wanna be the lead singer? And I was like, yeah, dope. So, yeah. So, yeah. Yeah. And what about you and Marcus Houston?


Are y'all close or No. Okay. Got You. Yeah, I Don't know why we thought y'all was real brothers. That was always real Party, you know, that was our thing. That was our thing back then. You know what Emini here, anybody that was a part of the camp was fam you know, that's like, oh, that's my cousin. You know what I'm saying? But yeah, no real blood tie. You, You were one of the few people who probably experienced real celebrity, right? Because I don't feel like there's real celebrity no more. That's true. Could be a celebrity nowadays. That's true. Like y'all had to like, run from crowds and that's facts, you know, be be ducked off in disguise. Like Yeah. How did that feel? And was it hard to when you weren't feeling it anymore? Yeah, no, I, I I felt like it was amazing. You know, it was amazing to, you know, look back on it, there was some times where, you know, I think Boo got hurt.


He got lifted up into a crowd. It was like a dangerous, you know what Emini here because Five Little Strong Girls is, is stronger than a, the biggest man, you know what Emini here. But looking back on that time and, and having it, you know, be a part of my experience as far as the organic, you know, energy between you and your fans was amazing. And when it changed, it changed. Not just for me, for everyone. You know, I think you still have a little bit of, of fandom still today, but it's viewed different. It's almost like, are you okay? Why are you screaming? Are you okay? You know, I still, I still receive that love, you know, no matter where I'm at on the planet, people still come up to me and be like, wow, my childhood, can I take a picture with you?


So I always appreciate, you know, the influence that I've had on people's life experience through music, through movies, through. So yeah, I, I don't feel no way about it. You know, I, I definitely feel like, you know, a sort of an elder on the scene, you know, what Emini here that has had all the experiences. So It's just different when you got the, when you were a child star. That's what I'm saying. You got that, that I guess that kid fan base, you know what Emini here, like they, they're, they act different Yeah. Than everybody else. Period. Yeah. And those fans are still with me to today. I, I'm, I'm so thankful for those fans that stuck with me because we're able to put on the Millennium tour, were able to, you know, bring that nostalgia back on the planet. Which by the way, before the Millennium tour, you know, that wasn't the show.


That wasn't the, you know, the set list for, you know, all of these productions. You know what Emini here to have a little bit of nostalgia in your production, it, you know, is, is a great thing. Tell Us the craziest story as, as a child, what, what Charlamagne was talking about, right? We always hear about the, the Michael Joy, Michael Jackson story. Yeah. People waiting in the airport for, for days, weeks. What was the craziest story that you remember as a child and Fans going crazy. A girl being in our room before we got there, you know, the security would have to like check the room. I always thought that was weird because, you know, nobody's supposed to be in There how they, you know, what room, how would they Girl sitting in there crouching down. Soon as we walk in, we like, oh yeah. So It was a green room or Like a, it was a green room.


And then on my personal room, we, like, one of the workers just let themselves in And I was like half asleep And I woke up like, what are you doing? Was a girl she was trying To gather and she was like, Hey, She was trying to gather You. I'm like, well, I'm asleep. No. What are you doing though? You gotta go. Damn. Wow. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. So that was when it was like a little scary. That's when You was a kid? Yeah. Jesus Christ. Damn. Yeah. When were you able to like, walk around a mall by yourself? Because I know, I know there was a point y'all couldn't even do stuff like that. Yeah, I don't know. I don't know. I still, I still You still can't do that. Yeah, I don I don. Yeah. Emini here. Emini here. You a star. I'm talking about like Pandemonium Riot. Oh, maybe that happened after, after the, the group separated.


Yeah, after the group separated it, it shifted, you know, 'cause if you walking in the, you know, the mall with, with Emini here, B 2K was already four people and then plus four security guards. It's like, you know, you in there and you a mob, you know what Emini here. So people are like, but you know, if you want to do things quickly, you go alone. And that's what I learned, you know, how to be stealthy. So, yeah. Did you find that your fans grew with you? Yes. Okay. Yes. A lot of 'em Emini here, a lot of 'em still, you know, still pop up to the shows and come to the meet and greets and everything, so. Yeah. Yeah. Girls I grew up with from New York City, they knew who they are. You know what, Emini here still come to my shows. They got kids, got got work and all, all kind of stuff.


So You ever bring any of the kids and they got baby heads and, you know, long? Yeah, I say what's up to they kids? Yeah, kids named after me. Yeah, Named after you. Yeah, kids named after me and everything. Like yeah. It's, it's, it's, it's, it's a few kids out there named after Omarion. But do they look Like Omarion? No. Nah, nah. Could they be Omar's kids For real? Oh, no, no, no, no, no. They dancing At the, at the, at the, at the ghost. At the meet and greets. That's what you're Asking? Yeah, Yeah. Nah, nah, nah. Okay. No, I haven't met any of those yet, but I'm pretty sure that I've, you know, inspired some kids out there. You know, you, you've worked with a lot of legendary labels. Epic. You was with Young Money for a little bit, made back music. Yeah. What did you learn from each one of those experiences? That it's, it's very important to make sure that you create the relationship that you want.


And you know, like you said, I've dealt with so many different layers and levels of business people, you know, at this particular time, you know, me and my team, we, we only dealing with the head, you know, pause. We are dealing with the top people, the people that are decision makers. So I think through all of that, you know what Emini here, being on Mayback, because you know, they were working with Atlantic. They were, you know, I won't say a subsidiary, but they did a, you know, a deal together. Joint venture. Yeah, joint venture. That's what the word I was looking for. So yeah, just really dealing with the top people. That's decision makers. That's the difference to today. Like, you know, when I'm doing business, I deal with the people that can move things.


Do you feel like, do you feel like they realize the full potential of Omarion? Any of those labels? I don't think they care. I don't think they care. I don't think it's, it's in the business's nature to care. I think that a lot of people in the business are, you know, just, you know, numbers. I think that there's a few executives that really care about the product and they understand that in order to really make a a, an intentional return, you gotta be invested for real. Not just on a financial level. You have to really know where the artist wants to take it. So that's been my experience. And You Indy now, right? Yes. Shout out to create. I'm about to drop some new music, you know, myself and MPK, you know what I'm saying?


We, we just doing a collaborative with Create. So yeah. What about Bow? Wow, you think you and Bow Wow ever do a joint album again? I'm not Sure. I'm not sure. I feel like if I'm gonna do, you know, any collaboration, whether it be rapper, singer, I feel like they have to have like, current music out, you know what I'm saying? Music that and, and you know, current music of the last maybe three to three years, you know what I'm saying? So yeah, if I'm gonna do a collaborative, it's gonna be like, okay, new music, we working on new vibes. Why is that just because you feel like, you know, if, if you made music in the last three years, you actually care. You're active. Yeah, you're active. Okay. Okay. You know what, Emini here, like, you, you know what's, you know, as far as producers, you know what Emini here, like what does that look like?


And also I feel like you, you have a, like a better shot at putting something out, you know, like visuals. I think that today's artists, like, there's so many things that you have to do in order to, you know, really be visible. You know what Emini here. So I would want someone that is not just, you know, visible, you know, on social media, but like in the music too. I feel like you and Leo would cook up some shit Together. Oh yeah. That would be dope. That would be dope. And You did a, you got served style cameo for jt. So how did that dope come about? That was really dope. Yeah. How did that come About? Yeah, so JT and their, and their people hit me up and they was like, you know, we got this song, you know? And I felt like in a way it was also pan homage to Fat Man Scoop, you know what I'm saying?


Rest in peace. So yeah, it was cool. She asked me And I was just like, God, I got you. And she's such a sweetheart. Yeah. You know what, Emini here. So I thought that was really, really dope. And I, I wish more artists would pay homage to the generation before them, you know, because we're still relatively young. You know what Emini here, the eighties babies, I saw a video and it was like all these kids that were born in 2000, they were saying that you're old if you're born in 2000. I'm like, huh. Yeah. I'm like, so it seems like being older, it stops at 30, which is, that's crazy. Crazy. You know what, Emini here. So yeah, I would, I would definitely love to continue to do things like that. Work with, you know, some of the younger talent in the business.


Yeah. Yeah. Have you ever reached out to Leon? You do anything? No, no, no. Not yet, but we've crossed paths. Alright, alright. Yeah, we crossed paths. I, I love to see what he's doing. You know what Emini here, like, he, he's, he's actually a child star too, you know, he's someone that started very, very young. So to see where he's at today is just, it's awesome. I feel like that's, you know, it's, it's very rare to see a lot of child stars continue on and continue to transform. And that's what I've always loved about music is, is you don't have to stop or you don't have to essentially get old, you know, you can pick up a, you know, a flute, you know, you can pick up a instrument, you can write, you can direct, you know, it's, it's so much to do in our business.


Yeah. Child stars don't go crazy like they used to. Like, there was a time when the child started to series, like the ones from the eighties Emini here, Some, some still going crazy. But yeah, for the most part, y'all keeping it together. Yeah. Yeah. What do you think, what's, what's the one thing you wish you knew when you first started your career. What 40-year-old am ion, what would he tell? 16-year-old Amari? I think about like life insurance policies, you know, trust, you know, just certain things that, you know, if you wanted to take a break, you could, you know what I'm saying? That's something that I feel like, you know, finances, I just, I, I wish I would've, you know, been given that game earlier on. I felt like, you know, maybe I would move differently, you know, if, if I had that.


But, you know, everything is for is is for a reason, so. Yeah. Yeah, Well definitely check 'em out on tour. Millennium Tour 2025. Yeah, we gonna be in New York. What's the date We at the Barclays? March 21st. Y'all pop out? No, March 17th. Oh, it's March 17th. I was, what Says here, I don't know, maybe well Listen, changed for my city 'cause I know Baltimore, Baltimore will come out March 16th. He's at the CMG Bank arena and then Barclays is the next day, March 17th. Oh, Well, excuse me. I done messed it up. Don't listen to me, y'all. Alright. I'm looking forward to the music man. 'cause I'm always like, you know, brothers that are practicing mindfulness and, you know, really dealing with their emotional wellbeing. Yeah. I like to see how that translates in their art. Yeah. So I'm, I'm looking forward to the music most.


I'm looking forward to Wild Rose. This new series come on. Coming in 2026 on All Blacks. So I'm looking forward to that. Thank y'all so much. And I know we seen Drake beat you in the dance battle too. Drake. Yeah, him and Drake had a dance battle and Drake killed Him. I don I don't believe that I didn see that, but I know, I know. That didn't happen. Destroyed him. I don't believe that He like, I don't believe that. Where was This at? At his birthday party. Oh, He was at a birthday party. Drake? Yeah. I was keeping, I was keeping it light. Yeah, Light-skinned me up one. I don't believe that happened. It was your birthday Party. No, it was his. Oh, Okay, okay, okay. Alright. Well it is. It's The Breakfast Club of Omarion. Yeah. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career in family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone, for active duty, military and their families. The preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.apus.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes lower from Blumhouse tv, iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst to see unravels the mystery of his vanish boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


This Is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island Stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes, but don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses, but everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing. Karen, where have you brought us? Cancellation Island. Where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The lasting blessing. Oh, French dressing. Exactly. Oh, That's good.


I'm AJ Jacobs and my current obsession is puzzles and that has given birth to my podcast, the Puzzler. Something about Mary Poppins. Exactly. This is fun. You can get your daily puzzle nuggets delivered straight to your ears. Listen to the puzzler every day on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.