
Take a deep dive into the stories, making the news headlines across The World, the news Agents. We are not just here to tell you what's happening, but why for me, Emily Mala and Me, John Sopel with Global's Award-winning podcast. The news agents dropping daily, covering everything you need to know about politics and current affairs. And the News agents USA in the race for the White House, Listening to the news agents on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search the news agents to start listening.


Hey gorgeous. It's Paris Hilton. Get the party started with my new album, infinite Icon out now and stream the new single Bad Academy, Welcome to the Bad Academy. I wanted this album to be an escape. Take people to a happy place where they can heal and party in equal measure. And most of all, be your own unapologetic icon. Listen on iHeartRadio and visit infinite icon.com to order the album sponsored by 1111 Media.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break


gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing guide and owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Wake that ass up early in the Morning. The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV, just hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa, of course, filling in for Jess. We got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. The brother Michael Eric Dyson. Keep it light skinned brothers alive. How you feeling brother? Man, I'm feeling like we still riding With Drake, so let's hang on as long as we can. Michael, Eric, David got a new book out called Represent the Unfinished Fight for the For the Vote, Right? Yes sir. Yes sir. Man You know, look, thank the publishing guides. I was like, it's pretty good timing. Yes. For what we're doing, my co-author, mark Favreau, brilliant writer and gifted historian.


And we wanted to talk about an issue that's central to what we're dealing with here in America today. And that's voting and why people should vote, how they fought forward over time and what it means to us today. And people think voter suppression might be new like they've seen January 6th and all these other You know recent You know incidents that have tried to suppress the vote. But this book discusses other attempts to suppress the vote and deny the vote that go, that go way back. Can you talk about that? Yes sir. Great, great point. Let's just talk about your state. South Carolina in the 18, I think it was 76 election, where they were deliberately trying to suppress the black vote. Right? And these were the Democrats who were in power, who were trying to maintain that power.


And back then it was the Democrats who were the party of the racists and what we subsequently knew as dixiecrats. So they invented this militia called the Red shirts, and they were riding roughshod over black people doing illegal stuff to suppress the vote. You know, scaring them, intimidating them. And they said, I wanna read this to you because this is rather remarkable. I don't wanna bore people, but this is what a copy of their plan was. Circulated all over state. This is what it says. Every Democrat must feel honor bound, excuse me, to control the vote of least one. Negro never threaten a man individually if he deserves to be threatened. The necessities of the times required that he should die.


A dead radical is very harmless. A threatened radical is often troublesome, sometimes dangerous, and always vindictive. So they were doing their thing. And then the, the Democratic candidate for Governor Wade Hampton had these people out in force and they had rifle clubs aimed at trying to suppress the black votes. So January 6th did not start it. It's part and parcel of what we have done as a government in America. And unbeknownst to a lot of people, January 6th ain't no outlier unless you say they outlying and not telling the truth about what's going on in American politics. I gotta ask You know, what do you think about what's going on today with the race?


Of course, let's start from the beginning. We haven't seen you in a while. Right? Right. So of course Joe Biden You know we've been up, we've been up here. I would think for like the last year and a half it, since something's not right, he's not right. Right. They gave us a lot of flack for it. Then they came back and said, you're absolutely positively. Right? I, I didn't just say he wasn't not right. I said he should step outta the race because I didn't think he could win in November. Right. Showed early Signs of dementia. We thought they pushed him out. Right. Kamala Harris here, new energy. What is your thoughts on the whole thing? Lemme part a little liquor for the homies from the homie Joe Biden. I know it's un I was with that white man to the wheels fellow. I didn't care. Just put weak in at Bernie's.


Push him on the damn You know wheelchair, push him in the room. 'cause that was still acceptable over what we were facing. Now there's no question that there were questions and concerns. You all were on the front line raising those questions. Other people were doing it more nefariously behind the scenes, ostensibly supporting, but all the time stabbing you with the knife. Joe Biden, I think could've still won. It would've been much closer. It would've been a much tighter race how than ever. As James Brown would say, there is no doubt that the shift in energy to Kamala Harris is remarkable. Let's be real. It's gotta surprise Kamala Harris. You ever done something? You go like, damn, I ain't know I was that good. Yeah, I didn't know I was gonna come like that.


Yeah. Nobody could've predicted it. You know what they were predicting. White women ain't gonna stand up for that black woman because white women were voting disproportionately in their numbers for Donald Trump the last time around. What They didn't support Hillary to the degree that they should have Anyway. So what makes us think that they're gonna support this black woman from California? Well, lo and behold they is. And Republican women are out there doing their things. I hope it's a reverse. Tom Bradley effect. You know the Tom Bradley effect, California, the governor of California, which meant white people would say, oh yes, we vote for the Negro. We're going get to support him and then go in their booth and then boom, vote for the white guy. I think the reverse might happen this time around that white women might tell their husbands and other interested parties.


Yes, yes, I'm a Trumper. And then go in there and support Kamala Harris. Why? Because she's reasonable. Why? Because she's intelligent. Why? Because she's self-possessed. She's not off the hinge as Trump is. And she continues to escalate a war against the lunacy that is Donald Trump. So it is astonishing. It's amazing. I've known Vice President Harris for some 20 odd years. She's been a woman of integrity. She's been a woman of serious regard for the people. And she's been willing to take on some complicated stuff. I know a lot of people were trying to portray her as You know, tough on crime and so on and so forth. You what amazes me about that black people be the first people call the police anyway.


Right? I mean, you be there like, mama, I told you that sandwich wasn't right. I'm calling the cops on you. So obviously I'm being facetious, y'all. But the point is that she, she's done some very progressive things. She's done some very progressive things back on track program that and, but at the same time we acting like people don't commit crime. We acting like yeah. The people who are calling the cops or at least asking for crime, not this kind of antiquated anti-dilution assault upon the rights of black people. We ain't talking about that. We talking about you in the hood and I'm trying to live and you selling, you promoting, you doing whatever that's undermining my communities. You know when I was, I think RAs Baraka, the mayor of Newark, said some of that defund the police stuff was from bourgeois Negroes who don't live in these hoods.


Now whether you take that or not, 'cause I'm for a progressive realization of police being held to account as Tyreek Hill. I think he's with us now. The point is that the same time that there are real concerns and issues of crime that she tried to address in very practical and progressive fashion. And we need to acknowledge that. But I think the energy with her is remarkable. It's astonishing. And more power to her. I hope she continues to grow in strength and numbers as we go on. Me Too You know. That's why I think your book is so timely. 'cause You know, one thing that I've been speaking about is why aren't more people calling out the Supreme Court and calling them out for being an illegitimate institution? Because what I, I don't even know if our democracy right now is healthy enough to have a free and fair election.


Yeah. Because of a lot of their recent rulings. Right. And when you look at the fact that You know, you'll have so many people across the country who might refuse to certify the results of the election. Right? Right. That's why I think your book is very timely. Thank You for that And I. Appreciate that. You that's a brilliant point because look, there's enough skepticism to go around anyway, enough cynicism even to be generated in the aftermath of what the Supreme Court has done. And and for those who say voting don't matter, just take the Supreme Court, the issue you're talking about, three justices were appointed by Donald Trump. Three. Now remember when Obama was in office and Mitch McConnell, the great owl face won himself, said that, no, we're not gonna have an election You know, we're not gonna You know it's too close to the election.


We're not gonna do this as 10 months before we're gonna hold Merrick Garland and let the next president decide Donald Trump wins. He gets in his people on the what? Gorsuch Kavanaugh and Amy Coney Barrett. Right. They have shifted profoundly to the right, a court that was meant, as you said, to be a check and balance in democracy. You got the executive branch, the president and stuff. You got the legislative people in Congress and the Senate, and you got the Supreme Court. And they're all supposed to be held in check. But when the Supreme Court is in cahoots with the President of the United States of America, who happens to be an anti-democracy figure who is inspiring an insurrection in America.


That's right. The very avatar symbol of what's supposed to be democracy itself is himself purging You know voters in, in more importantly democracy by his own actions is astonishing. So it is a question as to whether or not the Supreme Court should be reformed. Now, You know, president Biden put forth these rules. You know, but they what they gotta regulate themselves. The, the, the You know, what did Malcolm X say? The the chickens are being now presided over by the foxes. So we can't You know You know Clarence Thomas, a white supremacist and black skin, a a man who has been so unprincipled and his wife and the wife of another Supreme Court Justice Alito running your flag upside down.


You are signifying to us that you are complicit us with the very forces that you should be opposing. So it is a problem. But I say the answer then is not less voting, but more. Because if we change the Constitution, not of the United States of America, but of the court of the voter, if we get a person in like Kamala Harris and Tim Walls, and they are able to restore some sense of integrity and appreciation and confidence in our government, that goes a long way toward trying to remedy some of these more systemic and structural problems. How do you think we should handle two things, AI and all this fake news, right?


Because people really believe what they're seeing online. And although you could hear it from the horse's mouth, right? People really believe it. So how, how do you think these politicians should handle a lot of the ai and a lot of the fake news that's going on across the social media and and even the news is reporting some of this fake news. Of Course, look, AI is one of my favorite players of all time. So I support him, whatever he does. Okay? Now, the other ai, right? Because Alan Iversson, I saw him for three years when I was a professor at University of Pennsylvania, one of the coldest ever to do it in one of the brave, absolutely right? My favorite player. I wish we had an AI in that in terms of artificial intelligence, because it is, it's, it's tricky. We don't know what's real. The deep fakes You know people out here saying one thing and meaning another, or lying about it even before ai.


Think about it, the robocall that were being out put out here, You know voting is on Wednesday. Now You know we don't vote on Wednesday, next Saturday, a vote early to the You know souls to the polls and churches is problematic and and so on and so forth. So you've got the distillation and the dispersal of all kinds of fake news and fake information, which is why behooves us to listen to The Breakfast Club. Why it behooves us to read You know the New York Times, the Guardian, the Wall Street Journal, whatever your paper of choice is, and to make sure you can fact check. Because if you've got, again, And I hate to just beat this dead horse, but you've got a president who is the font of fake news of de factualization, of Factful gone awry.


This dude don't know a fact. If it hit him in the head, he lies and then he lies again. And people lie and lie again. And create that as the basis of facts. Then you've got senators like Hawley and Congressman like Jordan out here reinforcing the negativity that's generated by the falseness of it. So you got misinformation, which is, I didn't mean to get it wrong, but I I messed up disinformation. Said I meant to get it wrong. And I'm trying to lie to you so I can convince you to do something that is against your best interest. So disinformation and misinformation are bad enough. So we got to continue to do the old fashioned way. Read it for yourself, find it in a newspaper, check it against facts of history.


Begin to talk to people that you trust. Talk to people whose You know whose job it is to, to think about these things. And no disrespect to celebrities, but man on man in our community, especially, we're vulnerable You know you get a celebrity, gets mad, gets upset, talks about things. And I know, I I love my man Tyrese. He was just off base when what he was saying. I love his energy. I love the sincerity with which he said it. I know his intent was right, but sometimes you could just be spread misinformation that ain't helpful to us as a people. So read. And this is why I know this sounds self-serving as a black intellectual, but I'm 65 years old. I've been out here on this battlefield for 40 years.


And I'm telling you, I'm trying to make the life of the mind sexy to young people. I want them to see you ain't just gotta be a rapper, which is important. You ain't just gotta be an entertainer, which is great. You ain't gotta be a singer. You ain't got to be an athlete. You could be an intellectual, a thinker, a person who puts on everyday a thinking cap and tries to reflect upon The World. There's something virtuous about that. And I'm unapologetic about that because I think we need more of that. Now, in an era when disinformation ai, the creation of deep fakes and the perpetuation of legacies of inequity through means to dominate the masses has to be examined. So we gotta go back to old school. Think about Nome Chomsky and manufacturing consent and think about these great books, Marshall McLuhan in terms of talking about the media and the medium is the message.


That's the kind of stuff we gotta think critically about as we move forward. You know about what you said, brother Dyson. Most of your favorite entertainers are rappers that people like you like them 'cause they're intellectual, right? Whether you de them an academic intellectual or not, you like, great point. You like Pac, you like Killer Mike, you like Jay-Z you like Nas, you Scarface. These brothers are intellectuals. Lau Hill. Lau Hill, yeah. You know you. That's a great point. And that's why I dig them. I've written books about half of them. Why? Because they're thoughtful Pac, I mean Pac was amazing on that, that microphone. But boy, he's up here talking about American government. I mean, at 22, 23, 24, the, the son of a Black Panther, he said, I was literally born in jail.


'cause his mother was one of the Panther 21 that were here in New York and on trial. So from the very beginning he was trained about being skeptical and suspicious of the dominant society. When you think about a killer Mike, a Lupe fiasco You know people that I've talked to constantly. When you think about a Jay, when you think about Anas, these are highly intellectual reflections and reflectors on society. And we appeal to them precisely because they teach us to think for ourselves and to be open-minded. Great Point. So how do you feel about Ducey plys comments that he made about Kamala and people questioning her who Plys. Oh, right. And and and his support, you mean his support for her? Yeah, it support, but it caused a big conversation about how do you question your candidates?


Should you question your candidates? Is she being questioned unfairly? And I know your book is all about like desires and right? Yes ma'am. Voting equaling that. So how did you feel about what he said? Great Point. Well, I love Plys You know Plys is out there just raising the serious questions that need to be raised another intellectually curious and insightful young man. And look, you gotta question all these candidates. I love and support Kamala Harris. I've known her for over 20 years. I think she is the best woman for the job. May the best woman win. That's what I think. However, you got to hold everybody to account. She knows that if she's worth her salt, she's gotta say, hold me to account. Y'all know this old story that a Philip Randolph and Mary McLeod Bethune visiting with Franklin Delano Roosevelt in the White House, right?


And they, they were part of his kitchen and cabinet. This is like back in the forties. And they're telling them, you got to do this. You got to create the possibility for black people to vote. You've got to, we have to do everything we can to make sure that the military is You know desegregated. He says everything you were doing and sang. I agree with And I go out in the streets and make me do it right. Harry Belafonte used to love telling that story. So the thing is, you got to make people hold them to account Martin Luther King Jr. On the outside, putting pressure on on LBJ allows LBJ to collar some of those people in the Senate and say, you going to vote the right way and we going to do what we gotta do to pass what the Voting Rights Act. But before that, the Civil Rights Act bill Civil Rights, civil Rights Act.


And then it, look, look at the, the, the Holy Trinity 64, the, the Civil Rights Act 65, the Voting Rights Act. And in 68 in homage to Dr. King after his death, the Fair Housing Act. That's right. That's the Holy Trinity's. That's, that's the triumphant trilogy of transformation for black folk in this country, politically and legislatively. So you gotta hold these people to account. If it wasn't for the pressure of King, then LBJ wouldn't have done what he did, couldn't have done what he did. If it wasn't for Frederick Douglass, then Lincoln might not have acted the way he did. And we ain't, we ain't talking about perfect people. You know when people always cite the history of some of these people, Joe Biden or Lincoln. I don't give a dang what Lincoln's motivation was.


He signed the Emancipation Proclamation. And when he signed that Emancipation Proclamation, that opened up possibility. So we have to stop demanding perfection even as we hold people to account. And I think it is important to hold people to account. But what's interesting to me is that when I, I hear all that about holding to account, I ain't seeing nobody who's promoting Donald Trump saying, let me do it skeptically. Let me be self-critical about Mr. Trump. Yes, I think that, and they're quoting, going back 50 years to find something about Joe Biden. This dude was promoting the death of the Central Park five, now known as the exonerated five not long ago, and ain't apologized yet. Or backtrack upon demanding the death penalty for them.


Here's a guy who would his father deny people access to housing when he owned these cribs and, and these apartments in New York. So here's a guy who has been consistent. Now I think rappers get it twisted because he was an icon of hip hop before. Why? Because he had the, the women, he had the, they thought, they thought he had the money. You can see he was lying. They thought he had the buildings and the money and he was a billionaire and all that. So that was attractive to a kind of glitzy hip hop era where it was all about the pursuit of capital. But Donald Trump was faking the funk. Even then his daddy gave him 400,000, 400 million to begin with. If your father gave you 400 million to begin with as a little loan to hook you up and you still struggling the way you doing, you are a failure.


So even at that level there, there are problematic issues. I hear young rappers say, well, he gave us a check. No, they talking about during covid the $1,200 or whatever, they got 2000. Check the record, that's the legislative branch that is Congress stuff that he opposed. And then he took credit for distributing. Joe Biden unhooked up a lot of people in terms of student loans. I know three or four people have been forgiven a hundred thousand or more. So the point is, check the record. Stop the disinformation, stop the misinformation, stop the deep fakes and ask serious questions. You must always hold people to account, hold me to account, hold y'all to account, but do it in a, in a, in a, I think respectful fashion.


The thing that I have a problem with, I'm on, I'm on Twitter or what X and people calling me out my name You know. I'm trying to check, is it people I know Undercover? Maybe it's my mother. Okay. No, it's not her. So the thing is, is that You know you can, you can hold me to account, you can challenge me, but I'm 27 books in the game. Mofo I've done my work. It doesn't mean that you have to agree with what I say, but be respectful for what I do and acknowledge that. And so on Twitter, it You know we have these Twitter You know battles and we got these digital warriors who are talking trash and being nasty and calling you names. Do we have to do that? Can we respect the integrity of each other and say, we are in a pitched battle.


We're trying to figure out the best way to go. And let's treat each other with fundamental love and respect. Let's talk about the dimwitted doppelganger. Love that phrase. Wow. Yes. He is a dimwitted doppelganger. He is an autocrat. An oligarch. We're talking about Donald Trump. A foolish fascist for that matter. I thought you were talking about JD Vance, but go ahead, continue on. Same difference. You know JI mean, what's up with jd, right? You, first of all, you giving Ivy League a bad name, bro. You went to Yale. You, you got more reason to have high intelligence than that. He is, he is in himself a dimwitted doppelganger of Donald Trump. Because You know better doc.


The, the, the erosion of JD Vance over the last three or four years. You know, not only are you being supported by Peter Till and You know your, your, your whole senatorial career is owed to one guy in Silicon Valley who believes in you and your right wing agenda and your deeply and profoundly nativist xenophobic belief and passion married as you are to an Indian woman in America. And initially you were saying, oh yeah, she's not white butt. Why? Why are you apologizing for your wife, bro? Because the side you're on is so racist that you have to then make an exception for the inclusion of your wife that ought tell you something.


JD Vance is a despicable reflection of kowtowing and capitulating to a foolish fascist like Donald Trump. And his ability to be an echo chamber as opposed to a critical voice is, is disparaging. But we ought to call him for what he is. And he is joined with the enemy of the state. He is joined with an enemy of democracy. And we ought to call him out for it. You know. Your, your book also points out how the founding fathers didn't want everybody to vote. Could you, could you talk about who couldn't vote? Yeah. At the beginning of the nation. Yeah, I'm glad you said that. 'cause people think, well they came here, they trying to flee Great Britain, You know rep taxation without representation. Nah, sounds like DC right?


But the point is, the founding fathers are like, eh, we gotta be real careful with that. 'cause If, you say everybody can vote, then them slaves can vote. Can't have that. So we gotta figure out a way to keep them out. Oh, we don't want the women running stuff. Gotta figure out a way to keep them out. Oh, I get it. We'll say you have to be property owning. Now that excludes a whole bunch of white people too. White men. But we can keep it elite. We can keep it a nice little club that we control because we don't want the unwashed masses to be able to determine and dictate what goes on in America. So initially, what did they do? They punted it. The federal government said, let's, let's give it to the states. Right? Whoever is You know in new,


Wherever you are in The World, it's an exciting time in politics. Take a deep dive into the stories, making the news headlines across The World the News Agents. We are not just here to tell you what's happening, but why from me, Emily Mais And me, John Sopel with Global's Award-winning podcast. The news agents dropping daily, covering everything you need to know about politics and current affairs and The news agent's USA in the race for the White House. Listen to the news agents on Global Player.


Hey gorgeous. It's Paris Hilton. Get the party started with my new album, infinite Icon out now and stream the new single Bad Academy Welcome to the Bad Academy. I wanted this album to be an escape. Take people to a happy place where they can heal and party in equal measure. And most of all, be your own unapologetic icon. Listen on iHeartRadio and visit infinite icon.com to order the album sponsored by 1111.


Media


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 and Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight, an available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great outdoors. Plus, with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. An available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with a 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa. Do com to learn more intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


The Summer is heating up. So the next time you pop open a Coca-Cola or Coke Zero sugar. Prepare for ice cold drops from Coke Studio. New music from your favorite artists and their latest hits with drops from new jeans. Carol g Peggy goo usher and Tyler plus live performances at the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke, a Coke zero sugar 12 ounce can and unlock magic music moments all year long, no purchase necessary. 13 plus in 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize. availability@kochurl.com slash Studio usa. Promo Corp Wright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers. Working adults like you over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global. Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu


Jersey. They can decide what they're doing, who's in You know Massachusetts. They can decide what they're doing, who's in South Carolina. They can decide what they're doing. So they punted to the states. And then you, you've heard of this thing called state's rights. Yep. Right? That was a big thing during the Civil Rights Movement at its height because they were saying it's the state's. Right? Forget the federal government telling us what we can and cannot do. Imposing constraints upon us. You know when George Wallace, the governor of Alabama, stood in the door and kept those Negroes from entering the University of Alabama. Forget the, the federal government. It's the state. And Alabama says they cannot come in. So that's was set up by the federal government. 'cause they said the founding fathers, we don't want us dictating and determining what goes on in these states.


For instance, in New Jersey, women could vote initially, right? That was the only state that allowed women to vote. They were first referring to they, which is not You know neutral. Then they said he or she, which is pretty progressive when you think about women voting. But then decades later, they even rejected the possibility of women voting in Jersey. In some states black people could vote, then they couldn't vote. So there was a hodgepodge and a mishmash. Mishmash of You know constitutional declarations independently of these states that allowed them to have wildly varying degrees of support. But overall, in all the founding fathers weren't the kind of You know, rich, richly supportive Democrats, small D, that were able to say, we want everybody to be able to vote.


And that kind of misunderstanding, it's just like when, when I hear conservatives say, well, we're a Christian nation. No we ain't, bro. South Africa is one of the, the rare ones that claims to be explicitly a Christian nation. You see how that turned out? So, so when they say this is a Christian nation, Thomas Jefferson ain't believing in the Bible the same way you do Ralph Reed or Jerry Falwell it. It's a different Bible. The first thing Thomas Jefferson did when he got the Bible, he cut all the miracles out 'cause he wanted to be empirical. He left Smokey Robinson though. Okay, anyway, so come on man, come on with it. So he cut the miracles out. He wanted only thing that could be empirically verifiable, right? So boom, that's gone.


Y'all ain't believing in that. They were what they call mechanistic deists. That means God wound The World up, put it in order and let it go on its own. So when Albert Einstein, years later, when he's debating Werner Heisenberg and about You know theories of pH of physics, Einstein believed in the You. know that, that there's phenomena that you could spec specifically note where it is. Heisenberg said, nah, it's an uncertainty principle. We don't quite know where it is. We're trying to figure it out. It's approximately here. I said, God, Einstein said, God does not play dice with the universe. So what he meant by God was You know Einstein was an atheist. He meant the structure of the universe. Natural law. So I'm saying all that to say, when y'all be saying this is a Christian nation and it's founded upon these principles, stop lying.


Do your homework. It was far more complicated and nuanced than we believed. And they believed in a different kind of God than we believe in now. Same with democracy. They were not for everybody participating, but the genius of those documents, the Declaration of Independence, the Constitution, the Bill of Rights, is that we could take what they said and use it for our advantage because we could expand democracy to the parameters that they claim to want to do, but never did. That's the beauty of our country. Mm. Speaking of everybody not participating, I know you are like a big proponent of Beyonce and You know you saw what just recently happening, what happened with her in the CMAs? Yeah. And You know we don't, I mean we don't, we participate in that arena, but we never get our our just due.


Right? Ever there? Yes ma'am. So her dad has come out and said, of course RA race played a factor. Like that's the obvious conversation around it. 'cause Cowboy Carter, she had a huge year, right? Oh my God. She made history. She did You. know what I mean? So I What's your take on Beyonce and the CMAs and Being snubbed? Yeah, I mean, You know. Come on man. I mean, just in terms of the merits alone. Forget the issues of race, gender, class. Just on the issue of the Maris alone, the album itself as a document of country music was beautiful, brilliant, and powerful. And she stretched the parameters of it. She got Dolly Parton on there giving her a cosign. I mean, she did all the stuff you supposed to do. She wearing the cowboy boots. She got the cowboy hat.


You know she's hanging out. She Texas hold them. I mean she making the music. And she grew up in Houston, Texas. Y'all what y'all think. Of course she loves country music. I grew up in Detroit. My daddy was from Georgia. Mama from Alabama. We listening to country music. Hey, good looking what you got cooking? How's about cooking something up with me for me? Come on man. I mean, You know. I mean, we would listen to that. Country music. Great. Charles, putting it down. We are watching George Hamilton play You know the great, great country singer and who died in his early mid twenties. So the point is that, that we listen to country, we are country, we help produce country.


Country is like the white blues. And blues is like the black country. So there were similar traits, musical styles, signatures, cadences and the like. So Beyonce grew up with that genuinely. And now to be denied that how, what else you going to say? But it's a racial segregation of a marketplace that they are seeking to undermine, that they're seeking to open up, that they're seeking the challenge. And look, I live in Nashville, Tennessee. I love country music. I'm down with it. I go to the CMAs, my, my, my very dear friend Mia McNeil, who I had the chance to perform a wedding ceremony, a brilliant advocate for DEI in country music is there.


So they're making strides. But this right here is the black Mark pun intended on country music. And they ought to be ashamed of themselves for denying the very means by which they could become even more popular. Think about it. That's right. Michael Jackson had to argue for his music to be played on MTV. Please white establishment allow me to save you. Allow me to come in and make videos that will revive your genre. And so at the same time here, what we gotta acknowledge is that Beyonce brought a different audience to what's going on. Think about it. When Taylor Swift is at the NFL, they're embracing it. Let's show Taylor every 2.7 seconds with her boyfriend and clapping and so on and so forth.


So now Beyonce comes in, it's a different story, right? It's bald racism, it's bigotry. And Howard Thurman said A bigot is a person who makes an idol of his commitments. They've, they've committed themselves to a narrow range of what is a popular and appropriate And. I think it's shameful. And they ought to be called on it for the racist. That racism that that represents. And You know, I wanna, you brought up Vanderbilt got a salute. Alice Randall, she wrote the book, my Black Country You know that that talks about My home Girl from Detroit, man. That's right. Talks about Country, music's past, present and future. Yes. Black people's role in country music. Oh yes. I mean she is a brilliant, she is the most brilliant exponent of black folk in country music.


And that book is a remarkably terrifically eloquent exposition of what we've been through, what we've gone through. She's a songwriter as well and a tremendous, tremendous writer. So I, I would encourage all of y'all to read that book. I got a couple more questions for you 'cause I know we, we got somebody else coming in. But you wrote a great article. Mm. Speaking of the vice President, Kamala Harris and Racial Politics. And you compared Kamala Drake at certain levels, right? What were you trying to say in that piece? 'cause You know we want people to vote for the vice president. Right? I don't know if comparing her to Drake right now is the best way. I watched the sermon too that you did on it when you Mentioned it. If you would Do that. Thank you. Yeah, I watched that. Appreciate that. Thank you. Thank you. I I, I, go ahead. Alright, Well well see. Here's my point. Break it down. My Light skinned brother You know what we have been in exile light-skinned black people since Wesley Snipes stabbed Christopher Williams in New Jack City.


It's been rough on us. I'm not gonna lie. One of my favorite moments in general Can't lie about. Yeah, pretty nick. Okay. It's, it's been rough. We've been hurting ever since. We were depending upon Steph Curry and Drake to bring us back. And it's been a setback in one way. But here's the point to be serious. The song is one thing. Say what you will about. They not like us, but as an argument, they not like us. 15 82, 12 0.5 black people from Africa are dispersed across the North Atlantic and the North Atlantic slave trade begins. And most people did not come to what we now know as the United States of America.


They went to Brazil, they went to Meco, they went to the Caribbean. And less than 400,000 came here. Number one, why is that important? 'cause when we're talking about who's black and who's not, 'cause You know people debating me. We ain't talking you so stupid. Okay? You could say that, but I got my bona for days. You are so stupid. It's not about race and Drake, it's about culture. Culture. He's a culture vulture are are, are you serious right now, what other black entertainer do You know has ever been called a culture vulture for experimenting in his own or her own music? That's number one. Number two, Drake grew up in Toronto, adopting different musical persona was indigenous to that particular region.


Number two, number three, a lot of black folk went to Canada when they were trying to escape the murderous privileges of whiteness in America where slave ocracy was established. So, so when you say Drake is illegitimate or not genuine because he doesn't like a Black American culture or doesn't embrace it, blackness is bigger than what happens in the United States of America. Kamala Harris, what did they say? She's got a fake accent. Sound familiar? Drake. What? Those fake accents. This is what artists do. What did Jay-Z say? We're all actors De Niro in training. What did Fat Joe say? 97% of itself out is made up. That's what artists do.


We don't hold Al Pacino. Are you really a member of the mob? We don't do that to maybe Frank Sinatra. We gave him an exception. But there were many others who do this, right? We don't say you have to live the life you sing about in your song, which is a great gospel song. Beautiful. When Mahalia Jackson is singing it. Not so much when you're trying to act like what's on that film is you or what's in that booth is you. We make stuff up. That's what art does. That's what fiction writers do. That's what Tony Morrison does. Now, Tony Morrison's beloved is based upon a real story. Margaret Garner, right? Who killed her own children. And before I'll be a slave, I'll be buried in my grave and go home to my God and be free or kill my own kids. But she roam. She fictionalized the expression of that idea.


Why is it that Drake becomes the avatar and symbol of what is not genuine in blackness when it's your narrow conception of blackness that prohibits him from flourishing in many ways. So I got big arguments with that. Kamala Harris, they said the same thing about Drake is her. You got a fake accent. You went to Canada to go to school. JD Vance has been on her about that. And then that you are not genuinely black in the way that other black people are. Blackness by definition is subversive. It undermines narrow categories. I spent most of my career arguing against people who are trying to impose narrow constraints upon blackness. We are as big as our imaginations allow us to be. And I think this is one of the sorry moments within hip hop and black culture where Drake becomes automatically the, the representative of what is inauthentic and Kamala Harrison the same way.


You ain't really black, she's not a real black woman. Even Donald Trump is trying to weigh in by saying she just turned black like she had malaria or some other disease and You know leprosy and that she became black. This is the kind of ignorance that we've gotta confront. I Would love to hear your take. I know this has nothing to do with politics, but I love, I love your thought process. The fact that Lil Wayne is not performing Super Bowl in New Orleans Go, wow. Yeah, that's, look, I love Lil Wayne. I'd rather be underground pushing flowers than in the pinch she showers. I hear you bro. Look, I mean those decisions are are complicated and nuance, right? First of all, we just now got used to the fact that hip hop could even be part of the conversation.


Thank you JayZ. Thank you. Jay-Z thank you Roc Nation. I mean thank you Roc Nation. I mean Jay-Z now. Now this ain't got nothing to do with that, but I was about to preach that sermon you were talking about couple three weeks ago. I get a text, bring back the glasses. So I said, what was this text to be? And he says, I guess people feel the same way about my hair. Ha ha ha. So You know that was Jay. I was like, I'm wearing them. Jay. What's up bro? I'm here right now. Other people have been saying it too because I had cataract surgery. I didn't need glasses anymore, but You know I was. Mike said I I didn't even know that was you. It's The look. It's a part of the look. It's The brand. See? See what's what I'm saying? So Jay, and then now you Okay, I'm gonna keep wearing the glasses. There you go. So the point is, Jade knows what he's talking about. He understands what the deal is. So because of him, we even have an argument about whether it could be wheezy or whether it be Kendrick Kendrick and so on.


I mean look, whoever the choice is can't be bad, right? Hip hop is being represented. Now, should Little Wayne be acknowledged as a denizen of New Orleans as one of the greatest artists we've ever produced? Absolutely. And who knows, maybe he'll bring little Wayne on. But I think again, our privilege creates a certain kind of opportunity here to argue about stuff that we didn't even have five years ago. That's before Jake got Involved. That's an incredible point. Ain't Nobody even had no conversation about hip hop and his presence. So I give grace and love to Jay-Z and continue to support that movement. 'cause it's all good for all of us, even though I'm a Drake fan. And I love Kendrick as well.


I understand what that's about. But my defense of Drake doesn't mean I'm ignorant to the broader dimensions of hip hop culture and what Jay-Z is doing. And it's nothing short of remarkable when you think about it. Final question. Give people a case as to why they should go out and vote for this election. 'cause everybody always says, oh, this is the most consequential election of our lifetime. You know if You know this election, this candidate is a threat to democracy, which I believe Trump is. Yes. But, but why should people go out there and vote in this election? Why is this the most important election of our lifetime? It Is. And thank you for saying that. That's a great, great point. It is because You know how they often say democracy's on the ballot.


But it is right because the the the choice is pretty glaring. You've got a person who has undermined the very nature of what democracy is about. If democracy is, we define in this book as people power and the ability of people to control and govern the institutions that regulate their lives to be able to dictate the terms of their existence by full participation in American democracy, then we, we have to conclude this man is a danger and a threat to American democracy. Now he tried to flip that by saying, this is why they attempted to assassinate me because they have demonized me and painted me as a BT noir as a horrible person for American democracy.


But you are sir. So I think it's right for us to acknowledge that in this election we are choosing between that on the one hand and a woman who is the representative of all that is great and good about America as a black woman and black woman already running stuff, they might as well run the country. That's right. I mean, at the end of the day, without black women, where would we be? Right? I wouldn't be here. Most of us wouldn't be here without a black woman and a black woman. Not only in terms of physically, but in terms of the mental approach. I I, when I go to these places where they're supporting black men and how black men have been dis it's black women leading away is black women saying, give our men a chance. Give our boys a chance. Black women are standing up for us in ways we don't stand up for them.


20 years ago, 21 years ago, I wrote a book called Why I Love Black Women. It wasn't no thing, it wasn't no black girl magic. It wasn't no black boy Joy. I did it because I felt that it was necessary to celebrate black women because they were being distant dismissed. And look, you can choose who you want as a life partner. If, you and this microphone get along. I get it. Hey, I like you. I like you too. Why do you like me? Because you amplified me. You're long and black and you are assertive. And I. Like that course your brain is big And I. Appreciate that. Of course. Right? So my point is, y'all get down with the microphone and have micros. I mean go do your thing. My point is, you love who loves you. And. I ain't mad at that. But at the end of the day, there is no reason to demonize and stigmatize black women for the very strength that they possess that is necessary to to push the race forward.


We get mad when it's expressed at home. And And I think And I know this is controversial. I think some of the black men who were for Trump, look, I know there are reasons for that. And I don't diss them. But some of this is straight up misogyny. Some of it is straight up patriarchy. And what's ironic to me is that some black men who don't want a woman being a pastor of their church, and trust me, I preach in these churches, might now end up having a woman as president, president of the United States of America. Ain't that God In a pants suit In a pan suit, don't they in high heels? You know. And look, Barack Obama was Jackie Robinson. Jackie Robinson's great quality. He was a great ball player. He had tremendous skill.


But his greatest skill was his ability to endure white supremacy and give it a licking. While he kept doing what he doing, kept doing what he was doing without being angry or resentful. You Coming to the point I wanted you to get to go ahead. Right. I think Kamala Harris is Willie Mays. Willie Mays came along a few years after Jackie Robinson, equally talented, really, let's be real far more talented and had a joy, what they call a Jo de Viv. He had a joyfulness about what he and a confidence, but that confidence that Willie Mays could express even though he was subject to the arbitrary women caprice of white supremacy and segregation. But he was freer because of the sacrifice of Jackie Robinson.


So the joy of Kamala Harris grows from the hope of Barack Obama because Barack Obama had hope. Now, now Kamala Harris can have joy and she is Willie Mays in high heels and she's stepping And I continue to support and love that woman because she represents the best of who we are. Michael Eric, Ladies and gentlemen. That's right. Represent the unfinished fight for the Vote is available everywhere. You buy books right now. That's right. Thank You. We appreciate you for joining us this morning. Love y'all. Keep doing the great work. That's right. It's The Breakfast Club. It's Michael Eric Dyson. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


Take a deep dive into the stories, making the news headlines across The World The news Agents. We are not just here to tell you what's happening, but why from me, Emily Mala and Me, John Sopel with Global's Award-winning podcast. The news agents dropping daily, covering everything you need to know about politics and current affairs and The newsagent's USA following every twist. And turn in the race for the White House. Listen to the news agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hey, gorgeous. It's Paris Hilton. Get the party started with my new album, infinite Icon, out now and stream the new single Bad Academy, Welcome to the Bad Academy. I wanted this album to be an escape, to take people to a happy place where they can heal and party in equal measure. And most of all, be your own unapologetic icon. Listen on iHeartRadio and visit infinite icon.com to order the album sponsored by 1111 Media.


What's up? It's me, Don Toliver. If I could describe the holes ultra open earbuds, I think I would describe it as very seamless. It can definitely be something that you can style. It is like earring candy. Check out bowls.com for more.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall. Irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice gold. Ah, is Coke zero sugar the best Koch ever? Try and decide


Residents at BrightView Senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior, independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.