
Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo


Black Tech. Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities. That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like, if your neighbor State Farm is there,


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you even have the time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully at t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life. Life is happening around us. So many things to do, places to go. If, you switch off, you're out of it. But If you switch on. You're part of it.


Subscribe to the Washington Post today at Washington post.com/iheart. Switch on the Washington Post.


Have you boosted your business with Lenovo Pro yet? Become a Lenovo Pro member for free today. And unlock access to Lenovo's exclusive business store for technology expert advisors and essential products and services designed just for you. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo. Unlock new AI experiences with Lenovo's ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core ultra processors.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess hilarious Charlamagne, the guy We are The Breakfast. Club. Jess is on maternity leave and we have Lauren filling in and we got a special guest in the building. Big Chloe. Chloe Bailey. Welcome. Hi. How you feeling? I'm gorgeous. Thank you. I'm feeling really good. Good. I'm happy to see You guys. Happy to see you too. 'cause you doing a lot of movies. Happy to see you. Cu boy. Happy to see you. He's My cousin. I know You be Forgetting. So that's like real. Yes. Okay. 'cause he be claiming stuff in people. And. I be thinking he a little off. I Don't claim Nobody. No, but it's real. Yes you Do. Except for Chloe. Okay. I be proud too. I mean like yeah, that's my Cousin. Yes I am. Aw, Look at that.


Lauren. Could you not find a way to hate this morning, please. Jesus. Sorry. Now Chloe, you just rap Goons. Yes I did. The exorcism fight Night is out. How do you have time to record albums? Oh, you Working Working? Oh yes. Well I breathe music so I do it in between. And I was filming Fight Night. I was going back and forth between Coachella rehearsals and everything like that. So you make time for what you love. And how was doing Fight Night? 'cause you had so many people in there. Kevin Hart, Samuel L. Jackson, Taraji, so many people. How was working with that cast? It was amazing. Every time I'd go to set I'd pinch myself. I specifically remember like during a lunch break or when we wrapped that day, Tara Raji, And I.


We were in our sweats, You know, doing stunt rehearsals. And I was like, this is insane. Like I look up to this woman and You know. Even doing the scene with Samuel Jackson And I was just like so pumped and nervous. Right before I was like, okay, you gotta hold Jerome because this is Sam. And he was just so gracious. And Kevin and Don and Terrance, like everyone's just been so amazing. And I Love Will for even putting me in that space. Do you keep it cool with them or do you ask them a lot of questions? Do they have to tell you not to call me Mr. Jackson and not to call me Ms. Henson? You know, I think I do a pretty good job at keeping it cool. Okay. You know of course inside, I'm not gonna lie. I fan girl. I'd got right, I'd be lying if I was like, oh yeah, no, I'm chilling. No, it's an honor to be in the room with them and it's just really exciting.


And I definitely did learn a lot like a sponge. Any, any intimidation at all? 'cause they, I have so many years in. Of Course. Are you kidding me? Of course. But You're your own star. But I'm just You know asking like, 'cause they have, they're, they've been doing it for 20 plus years. Yes. We're our, we're all our own star in our own Right. But it's always nice to have figures to look up to. So when there's people in places that you wish to be and who have experienced things that you wish to seen, it's really amazing when you can be in a room to pick their brain. You know. Got you. And you play Lena Mosley? I do. So who is she? Lena. She is technically one of the guys. She's the only girl a part of the robbers. Oh Yes. So you getting busy?


She getting busy. Robin. So in you How shoot a gun In real? No. Oh, okay. I want to learn. Yeah. You From the south You gotta learn. I know. I know how to box. Oh, I've never had to use my skills, but I do know. So you've trained boxing You know how to box. Yes. How much would I have to pay you to punch your cousin in the face? Oh, you should not do that for community Service. You should have to. No, no, No. I would, I'm a lover, not a fighter. Okay. You know what I mean? You know what I mean? I, I gotta a fight in this room every day. Why? He starts the fights in this room every, that's not true. Every day it's okay. It's all right. Got, that's, that's what got him. Where he at the coddling back to Lena.


Because you said she's one of the She's one of the guys. Yes. So explain to me like when you say she's one of the guys, like how does she fit in The? World of like the gangsters and the thieves and so She goes undercover. Okay. So she convinces Chicken Man Who plays Kevin Hart? Well, Kevin Hart plays Chicken Man. Yep. And she's like, Hey, I'm gonna be a part of one of the Go-Go girls. Does she give this energy? 'cause you This is, she does give this energy. Okay. Alright. And what I really love about her is her weapon of choice is her hairpin. Oh. And that's like it personifies a woman. You know it's feminine, it looks cute, but she will cut somebody with it. Right. Wow. Okay. Hairpin. How does it feel to be an auntie now? It feels amazing. Okay. It's like life has an extra layer of meaning.


Mm. I love Halo so much. How you, how are you with the baby changing Pampers, changing diapers? Are you that auntie or you the one that be like You know this is your child. You change the Pam and then bring her back. I'm the fun auntie. Okay. You know I do all the fun stuff with him. So I keep all of that stuff for them. You be a rich auntie in the future too. Yo. Yes, she Rich right Now. Keep that energy when he wants some money. Oh yes, I will. I will spoil him. Any Hey lo, what you need. I got you. Word. Does it make you wanna have like your own babies? Like is it making you kind prepare for that? Absolutely. Not for a while. Okay. Like at least Once a while. Like six years. Okay. Six years. You know. How old Are you? 26. Okay. I think six years is good, but You know you can never really plan your life.


It's all really on God's timing. But if I could right. I'd say like six years. Got you. And then as like auntie, I know your sister talked a lot about like going through postpartum and all that stuff. Are you guys, like, is she, how is she doing with that? Are you, how do you help her through that? 'cause I know you, you didn't experience it, but you're, you guys are so close, so Yeah. Well I don't wanna speak on her journey necessarily, but no matter what each of us go through, we're always there for each other no matter what. And I'm just happy that we can clinging onto each other. Like even when I'm in need or need her, like she's always there for me as I will always be for her. Like I'm, I'm mama bear when it comes to Halle. Like I always protect her. Does it bother you, like when you see stuff online with like when like the memes of your nephew and like with DDG, he's always posting the videos, the haircut thing.


Like does that stuff bother you? Well that's not my baby. Yeah. He is my baby, but he's You know he has, he has great parents. And. I just, I'm happy to witness him grow. Got You. Yeah. You know the album is called Trouble in Paradise. And I know you spent a lot of time in St. Lucia and you said that it inspired the album. What was the inspiration? What about St. Lucia? Ooh. Okay. So St. Lucia has been like my sanctuary. I have found peace there. Comfort, happiness, joy. And not saying that it erases life's problems, but it makes it a little bit easier. Wow. To deal with. So I literally wrote away my troubles in paradise.


Wow. And what I love about this body of work is it feels like what a summer fling feels like. You know what I mean? It's exciting. It has its ups and downs. You know it's not too serious. But then again it really feels heavy In the moment. Yes. Yeah. In the moment. It just feels like this is the one. But then it's Like, oh, then by Labor Day you like You know what, what was I even doing? Yeah, Exactly. So I love the project. Do you remember a place that you found peace before St. Lucia? No. Wow. No. Wow. So when I found it, I was like, this is what it, it's like to live. Yeah. So you a Kansas, so you like water. Of course You know. Okay. Yeah. When You say to live, is it because like you've been famous and like kind of in the spotlight for a long time?


Or do you just mean like, just because they live differently, they're very free on the islands? Or like what? What do you mean by to live? It Gave a new definition to living because this is all I've known my whole life. You know I've been in the spotlight or however you wanna call it, since Ive been like a little girl. Right. So my life You know my goals, my dreams, my aspirations, what makes me happy. It's all been based on my career and how people view me in that space. Right. But it's also about your internal, your character, how you feel mentally, your heart. And when I went there I was like, okay, this is true peace. It has nothing to do with how people view me as an artist, but actually as a human being. Mm.


I was, I was triggered by your, your album a little bit. Why not gonna cry. Tell me why He's light-skinned. Yeah. That's how I'm gonna get myself together. Everything. Share With me. Are you about to cry? Almost. You have a song on there called Rose. Mm. And I'm not talking flowers. Yeah. We had a conversation on The Breakfast Club one day about how women use the rose and how men, You gotta dig deeper. Don't tell this story If. You're not gonna tell it. I'm gonna tell We can go there. It's all right. You need to dig Deeper. Can You tell me, are you laughing Back there? Yeah. He has some issues. If, you gonna tell this story? You need To tell it. Oh yeah, he has some issues. Go Ahead. You tell right My tears a little bit. You know some men look at the rose and not flowers as cheating.


And you want women to charge the rose. But how about men? Now that's not fair because If, you think a rose is cheating then you could say porn is cheating. Some people do consider porn cheating though. I don't like there are some people who will be like, we have to watch it together. We don't need to do it now. That's ODing it. People can have fantasies. Okay, So this song, she really idolizes the rose And. I Don't. I don't like it. Your eyes are really, You buried the lead though. Tell her, tell her about the book King. Tell her What you Tell her about D parts you wrote in your book. She wrote Away her Troubles. That's right. You wrote away your owe. Well, Oh, I have to hear this, please. Oh, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Wait. Me and my wife have been together since 16. Love it.


Hold On. When we first having sexual relations, don't look at me like that 'cause you trouble. Okay, I'm just waiting. I'm sorry. I don't know what I'm going here. You know to me me to make her orgasm. Hold my hand please. I got you. Wait, why are you talking about this? It It was in the book. We do it in the book. We fine now. Okay. Okay. But for five years, No 10. Don't you dare cut that in that you see What I look, Get your cousin. You see what I'm saying? It was 10. It was not 10, 10 years. You said 10 in the book. I read the book. Don't You laugh, don't you laugh the book. Don't you laugh. I'm not laughing For a while. It took me 10 years. Chloe, stop it a decade. I could not make her reach orgasm. You can't Get to know Points. That's why didn't already. Dang, I couldn't get there. That was the problem. That's the problem. You ain't getting nowhere. Crazy.


That was the problem. And I couldn't get there because You know what I used to watch porn. And I used to think bang, bang, bang, bang, bang was the way And I realized it wasn't. And now the rose triggers me. That's why He hates toys. Yeah. You just need to build yourself up so that you're not triggered by materialistic things. You're right. That was, you have to better yourself. You're right. I, and that'll solve the problem. You're right. It should be an addition to you all's love. Right. So I agree. That's sound advice. Wow. Thank You Chloe. You welcome. And Why you laughing back there? I see you laughing back there. Oh, She's cracking up honey. She's having a time over here.


Especially when he said 10, when he doubled down. Almost caught the couch. God Damn. So she told you that She was honest about it. You gonna bring back, Should be honest about That. I'm really intrigued. Okay. So let tell you what happened. We've been married 23 years, this together 30. I know, but I wanna tell her You Know in therapy when you, because we good now. You know in therapy when you That's a beautiful thing Though. We Good communic breakthrough. Yeah, but it happened during an argument. She probably got tired and she was like Exactly. And then it was, it was bad. But we worked, we we worked emotional though. He, he ain't, he tried to flush the roll down the toilet. That's how mad it got. I actually ran over it. I ran, ran over. I put out in the car, ran over it. But yeah, but we good now but we, we write about it in the book so couples can learn from our, from my mistake.


Okay. Any more questions? Chloe gonna sugar Up. You ain't No, you brought This up. I'm happy that it, it's ended in a positive way. Thank you. Okay. I hate this place. Go Ahead. So this album, and even just hear you talking right now. I feel like this is a lot, you're a lot more like open about just you relationships wise, like sexuality. I saw the video you posted when people were reacting to the lyrics and you was like, y'all like, it's life. It happens. How has that been coming around? Even being in a public eye, like the dating stuff. I know there was a photo with you and gunna how is all of this new world for you? Because you're a lot more like you're, you're here, you're sure, but you're confident The new photo wasn't gonna, Well it wasn't, it's not that new.


Like it wasn't yesterday, but there was an additional one outside of y'all. Shoot, y'all were in LA so y'all were in la remember you guys were in the store shopping and then you were like, no, no, no, he came here. You're like, no, no, no, we're just friends. And then you performed both Offset and then there was a photo of y'all at the party afterward. Y'all are just sitting next to each other in the photo. Oh yeah. Which sparked some more rumors. So Lauren did her homework on you. This my her watching her. She's great to see you. No, I gotta give you look I Got my PenFed in my hand. This is, I'm at Work. No, you, you that girl. Thank you. Yes. I appreciate that. We ain't gonna get around a question though. Oh no, I'm listening. I'm not. Okay. So I wanna know two things. Okay. First of all, I wanna know, right, because you are who you are. He is who he is talking about gunna and it's tough sometimes and people critique you a lot about be, you're a woman and you date and you have sex and you do these different things.


So is that tough trying to date at all? Removing Gunner from the situation? Yeah. Well one, I'm really proud of everything that he's doing. Two, honestly it is tough to date because even if I just wanna go out to grab a bite, say talk about music, if it's any one of the opposite sex, it's like, oh, that's what she's dating. And I want people to focus on me and my career. I don't wanna be connected to every man that I'm standing next to. Right. So because of that, I mean I am naturally a hermit, but because of that I'm just like extra, extra Cautious. Yeah. You know. And it's unfortunate though because you are in the phase where I'm sure you're dating wanting to meet new people and it's a fun thing to be able to do. Yeah. You can't do it publicly.


But since those photos were public at one time, And I know you guys have denied it and then the offset thing happened. What is the, what's the synergy there? Like is there nothing there for real? Or You wanna know the status? Yeah, like I just wanna know, I feel like every time we get told there's nothing, then it's like, yeah, y'all find each other somewhere. Well, I mean we're both in the industry. He's doing his thing. I'm doing my thing. He's doing really great by the way. So it's just all love. Yeah. Okay. Are you writing nowadays more from a reflective standpoint or as a storyteller? 'cause You know I hear records like might as well where you say things. I'm like, I might fly a nigga to the south side, let him hit it first night, then fall back. Jesus You know That's the new Chloe I'm talking about my girl you here now.


So it's like my external doesn't say these things. Right. But my internal feels them. So when I write it's like coming from a standpoint, this is what I'd say to you. Right. If. you You know if I had the gall a gumption. I like that For you though, You fly a man out for real? No. Oh, okay. Why you can't fly a man out If. you like him. You wouldn't do it. She ain't gonna be dealing with no bro. I didn't Say that. If a man is treating you well, you wanna treat them sometimes. But I don't, I don't think I would do that. I mean maybe I'd go there instead so that I'm flying myself.


Okay. You feel Me? Yeah. If, you were dating somebody that might not have it like you did, you wouldn't say You know what boo boo. I'm gonna fly you to me to la or I'm gonna fly you to me to St. Lucia or I'm gonna fly you to wherever I would want them to at least be able to get a flight to see me. Ain't nothing wrong with that. Yeah. You know. People forget that I, I don't wanna be like, I don't wanna play like the masculine role and like make him feel less than, so I'd rather not even visit that. People forget that you're, you are 26 years old. I think they, a lot of people still look at you as the young teenager singing. Do you have a a, a hard time with that? No. No. It kind of makes me laugh. Especially when I have no makeup on. I do look 15 And I do have like a young spirit.


So I mean, it's okay. It's sometimes I'm like, gosh, I'm 26, 4 years from 30. Like yeah, let's let it go. But What does your dad and auntie say about those lyrics? 'cause you are such a family person. Yeah. And usually your dad says, so what do, what do they say when they hear those Lyrics? So my Godmom, she's the first person I'll send the songs to and she knows me like at the back of my hand. So she, she will laugh a lot to the lyrics and then she'll also push me. And what I really love too about how Want Me came about with cs And I, when I played it for her, she was like, this feels like a Chloe and Harley record And I kept looping that in my head. And I was like, You know what? So then I wrote Sister's verse And I was like, do you wanna hop on this with me?


And it was nice that we got to have a collaboration together after two years. So it's like little things like that that I won't always be privy or open to that she'll like call out. So it's always nice to have someone that you'll trust. Now if a song is, she'll tell me There's too much. Yeah. Are there ever any songs like, 'cause you have temporarily single All I got where like you're You know you opening up about stuff where you're like, don't listen to this one. Y'all like skip over that. Like, do you ever have to tell them that? I Always get nervous anytime I play my music anytime. Really? Yes. Wow. Because you, I'm bearing my soul in the song and it's like, okay, yeah, this is me. I don't really show this. Right. This is me. So it's like, I hope You know people will like it.


Even the ones closest to me. Like I'll get nervous, I'll have my head down listening, looking up like this. Yeah. When I, I love the relationship you have with your, with your godmother too though. 'cause You know that you hear people say, oh, I'm the god mom, I'm the God dad. But you don't see the godparent really act like it. Yeah. Like she really holds you down like that. Yeah. Has that always been the Case? It has. Yeah. Like she's the first person to show me what unconditional love truly looks like. Wow. Wow. Wow. Y'all, anybody, y'all parents. I am. Me too. But I don't act like it. You you Got me. I don't know what it entails. Like that's what I'm saying. When I see them together, I'm like, it. So Almost like if something happens to You know, they will take over. Like I'm Halo's aunt, but I'm also his God mom.


Wow. Got you. Got You. Got you, got you. That's fitting for y all though. 'cause I don't know who else is like, you guys are the closest. I've never, it's just, it's Y'all. I know. She, I would've been like, excuse me, why am I not the God Mom? But it makes sense when you got a relationship when somebody just labels you that and then you don't really have a relationship with the child. The child. Right. And then something happens, you're like, I don't know this person. Like You know. I think I am. I think we all godparents on birthdays and holidays. Right? Because you're not, you don't send gifts at all. I Don't even know what it means. My, that's why I said when I see see them, it's like, oh, okay. That's how it's supposed to be. It's supposed to be like your backup angel. It's like a You know. Like you might need to call 'em for something. You might need to, God dad, I need some money. You might need to, Hey, advice. Like it, it Depends on relationship my supposed me all the Time.


I like how you said like little backup guardian. Yeah. That's why I think about my, my guy mom, who's also my aunt as well too. It is my grandma.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill. And start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more Intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Seeing our communities grow and thrive is something we care deeply about here at Black Tech Green Money State Farm Insurance also cares about the growth of black communities. They're actively investing in programs and initiatives that help provide financial literacy, give early career advice, and grow black-owned businesses. Thus leading to generational wealth, which helps protect the future of our communities. We wanna build a future that we all can be proud of. State Farm understands that representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. It also requires active sponsorship of programs like the Axo, a year long program that recognizes and rewards high school students for their academic and cultural achievements. Along with funding programs like Project Ready. A National Urban League program committed to educational achievement of black and brown youth that has awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to date State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and can have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. It feels good knowing that at and t has your back. They take out all the guesswork and the stress letting you get back to simply doing you. Whether you're a dedicated entrepreneur, a multihyphenate creative, a busy parent, or all of the above, you deserve a service provider that gets you and your needs. So relax and let at and t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life. Life is happening around us. So many things to do, places to go. If, you switch off, you're out of it. But If you switch on. You're part of it.


Subscribe to the Washington Post today at Washington post.com/iheart. Switch on the Washington Post.


Hey, it's Nikki Glaser. I know you guys are getting excited for Monday Night Football You know I am. Well there is something happening during the game that you have to check out. PayPal seems to be popping up everywhere. Did I mention like everywhere? They may just be in the game on Monday. If it's anything like the PayPal win chime post on Instagram. I saw it's going to be hilarious. You have got to tune in on Monday night on ESPN and see for yourself during the game. PayPal truly is everywhere,


My sister, but I feel like we are like kindred spirits and it just, God made it that way. Yeah, like You know. But I have a question for you about, you mentioned like when you play your music for people and people hear your music, you always get nervous. How do you deal with critiques? 'cause I know John B came out and that was like a whole thing when he said that you and Gun song that you re remake of his, the the what song was it? The they Don't Know was Ratchet and people were upset at him for saying that? Yeah. Like how did you feel about that? Well, John b is an incredible artist. If that song didn't exist, we couldn't sample it. So I love what Gun And I did to it. And You know, I'm sad he feels that way, but hey everyone has opinions. He Also said he didn't, it didn't get cleared. I was like, it had to get cleared.


Yeah. That I, Yeah, I mean it had to be cleared for us to be sold. She was like, look, I do You know who John B was before that. Of course. Okay. Of course. Why Y think You know as I'm just asking Don't No, don't get on his, get on yours too. Literally they talk to me like because I'm younger, I'm just like, do do. It's like, no, I might not know everything But no, it's really important to like listen to her and trust like the youth and like she's a smart one. Put it here girl. When's your birthday? November 22nd. Are you a SI Love Sm. I love Sc Be old S. Okay. Yeah. Okay. It don't have nothing to do with Youth Chloe. It has the fact she sometimes I'm not sure what, people just don't be knowing stuff.


Okay. That's all. That's It. Yes. But if she doesn't know something we can't say it's because of her youth. Yeah. She just don't know. That's You gotta inform her. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I get it. Yeah. It's just little things though. Like What? Like What? I want you, you You wanted to a, you wanted somebody ask. She didn't know we called Latifah a queen. She didn't know it was Queen Latifah. That's Kind of crazy. No, that's not true. He asked me did I know Queen Latifah's real name. That's what he asked me. That's not true. It started from LL Cool J. Yeah. I didn't know Ku J's real name. 'cause I'm like it's LL Cool J Like what do you mean? That's, that's the stuff. Those Are things I think people should know though. But that go, that goes back to when we were younger. We had to read the album credits. Correct. Oh. Like we would watch the movies, watch the TV shows and look at the end credits to see what people were doing.


That I do miss. I feel like that art is gone. Like that's something that I would've appreciated. You know. Do you really feel like nice Girls finish last? So I do feel that way. And in your case, your wife did. Oh so that's good. Was that a stab? Yo? No, that's what The song's about. That's What Is that a stab? That's what the song is about. Oh, how did I get his? That's the song is about on face value. That was such a drop. No, don't let it fool you. Don't let the, don't let all of this fool you Ball explain the lyric. That's what the song is about.


Now everybody listen because Cater to the Man. We Cater To the Man and the Nice Girl finishes last and then we referenced Janet Jackson at the end on the last line of the song. That's what the song is about. Was Was that Stab Chloe? It was not It stop. So basically what she, you're saying that women should speak up for themselves more and and if they're not getting what they want, it's Like a it's like a innuendo. Yeah. Yeah. And you also, are you also speaking like romantically like sexually as well too? That's that's what And I can. Yeah, because you wanna, it's all about like pleasing your partner. Sorry, It was not a stab. No, it was not a stab. I wish this was tv. They gonna see it on YouTube. But the way she looked at me and said and match what your wife felt.


Give the rose. Somebody told me to hand These to you. I don't want no roses. Put that rose on the other side. I want no roses over here. You want this Take Rose. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. But that's what the song is about. That's what it's about. Okay. Like taking the back seat and like letting your partner You know as A, as a, as a woman. Like, 'cause one of the things that I feel like I'm learning right now is like I, she's single. She's single by the way I am. And I'm enjoying it. Not temporarily Period. Independence. Hey, not temporarily either. Keep That there because I be having to throw stuff at him. But I've been enjoying it. Yes. And I. I will say though, like one of the things I had to learn is like how to take a backseat. Yeah. Because I, I wasn't just natural.


Like I, that wasn't in my household. But then he made me forget everything I was about to say. Oh, You saying you were single as a as As a, as a woman who You know you're very career oriented. You have a lot going for yourself, all that stuff. How do you deal with knowing when to take the backseat and knowing when to be like, no, I'm not doing that. Because you don't wanna intimidate the guy. Mm, That's a really great question. So for me, I like to be babied a bit like, because I am in a field where I do have to lead and speak up for myself and You know command the room and everything. It's nice to be able to come to a space that you're comfortable.


Right. Where you can let that down. I feel like every woman to protect her, they just have to find the man who can protect. Right. Hmm. And, I feel like that's, when we don't feel that way, that's when we feel like we have to stick our chest out because it's like fight or flight. But when we feel like someone is capable enough to carry us to shield us. Yeah. You know when the storm gets crazy, that's when we kind of take that backseat role. So it's really about who you find comfortable being that vulnerable with. I feel, I agree With that. You were so calm. It's very really Yeah, you're right. Chill. It's, it's not the way she threw that Dar att interview just threw that. No, even that, I love it. I dunno how to shoot a God shot a gun for I can't tell.


I couldn't tell. Now being that you are who you are, Chloe, do you really feel like fuck your status when it comes to guys? 'cause you got a song that I'm called FY that F your status. Yep. Do you really feel that way? Do you really feel like All I need is love, I don't need nothing else. I don't need the money to car. She need for you to fly yourself, diamonds, your position job. Yeah. Honestly, yes. I still want someone with drive and someone who has ambition so that we can build each other up. But I think being in a world where it's so superficial and everything is based on what you have, right. What are you doing next? This sometimes it gets a little suffocating and redundant.


So it's nice to just have someone who loves you just for you. So you would date like somebody that wasn't in the industry? Oh yeah. Like the up a guy to drive UPS or something like No, but someone not in the industry. Yeah. Got you. Gotcha. But I think a lot of times too, when, when people ask that question, I mean it's like, I get it, but like when people ask that question too, like one of the conversations people don't have is sometimes like when finances aren't right or like even just status, right? Like we could both be making the same money, but I'm more outward than you are. I've never come across a man that has been secure enough in himself to be okay with that. And it causes problems. Even If, you don't bring them in. And that's why women, we kind of do that to protect ourselves sometimes. So yeah, I think it gets unfairly thrown on Women You know you're very successful.


It gets unfairly thrown on you when you say, oh, I have a preference. But the preference sometimes to protect yourself. But What would be wrong with a UPS driver? That's what somebody would Say. Everybody has a preference. Nothing's wrong with a UPS driver. Nothing's wrong with them at all. Would I date someone? Maybe. Maybe not. Just like everyone has a preference. They like a woman with a big booty. They like a woman with tiny titties. Everybody has a preference. You wouldn't date somebody short though. That's, that'd be out Though. I would date someone who I'm the same height with, with heels on. Oh, okay. I know some I've, I've, yeah, I've not known somebody who's kind of your height. Who, Okay. We've seen them in photos together already.


Oh. Who, When do you keep going back to this? What is this? Whatcha whatcha trying to ask Lauren? I think I'm such a fly couple. Like whatcha trying To ask here? I'm asking you. Would you, like if today he's like, we need to do this, would you lock in? Like is is the relationship there where you guys are friends enough? I understand you're just friends now, but you guys are friends enough where you would be like, You know what? I would explore this. I think We're both living like our own lives. You Know you so good at this. You good at what? Your answers. Your answers. I'm just being honest. Okay, go ahead. Yeah, just we're just living our own lives. You know. Did you like his physical transformation? Yeah, I'm really proud of him. It's always great when someone transforms their life like that. You know. He did it the right way. No surgery, no BBLs.


He looks great. Yeah. Yeah. Were you asking her that or telling her? I'm Confused. Were you confused? Wendy? Get your cousin. I told you. Lauren, what is your problem? Yo, nothing. Jesus. Correct. Can we Go ahead. Go ahead. I was gonna say, you open the album. I think it's all I got. But correct me if I'm wrong. Yes. And you talk about like, there's like a guy who, he's like not the fall guy, but he's always there for you and he's always there for you in all the right ways. But that's not the guy you like or wanna be with. Mm. But then there's this other guy, like you have the, this is the ideal guy, but he doesn't know how to be for you, be there for you in the same way. What's your experience been like with that like, and how He just asked which one is gunna That's what she wants to ask.


What, What inspired that song? So What inspired the song? You guys love talking about him but inspired the song? It's Kind of crazy. I didn't even say that right. I literally didn't even say it this time. I just was interested in that Because when were you Going? Yeah, You know. I think every girl has that. Yeah. What inspired the song though for me is that you want to feel safe and secure, but then at the same time you also want someone to push you outta your comfort zone. So it's the catch 22 because we all just, ugh, it's life. Life be life. And so You like the bad guy. You like the guy that's gonna keep you secure in the safe bet. The latter. The latter. Should men listen to your albums and like, like, like use it as a blueprint. Like should they use it like how people use Steve Harvey books or is this the stuff you're writing?


Do you really mean a lot of They can if they would like to. Okay. Okay. Yeah. You know. I mean, there might be some girls who have experienced things I've experienced. There might be not. But it was really fun. You know, just coming from such a stance of power as being a woman and being in the islands. You know, just looking out at the water as I'm creating this music. It was just something about it. It was just like So you recorded the whole album English? I did. Wow. I did. We had a villa flew out, producer, engineer. And it was just so nice. And every night we'd go out, experience the music, I'd go swimming, come back in record. It was just the most freeing experience to be honest.


What did you do? A mud bath thing in St. Lucia? I did. Okay. Yes. Sour Springs. Silver Springs. Sulfur Springs. Springs. How was that? Amazing. I love it. It's so, so cleansing. What's Fun? Relaxed. You like? Like no work in St Like on a day where you're not working in St. Lucia, you're not Chloe, you're just somebody that's there and and like experiencing and have a good time. Like what are you like? Are you the St Stand on the couch friend? You're the spa friend. Like which one are you? I'm the friend who has my bathing suit on and my big baggy sweatpants. And I. Go straight to the beach. And I lounge out there all day. And I'll eat good food or be on a boat and jump off. Adventurous friend. Yes. There you Go. Adventurous friend. I also read one time that you said you enjoy acting because it helps train your brain not to aim for perfection.


Yeah. So have you been describing for perfection and everything else, like your career path, your personal life? When it comes to performing and music, you kind of have to, you're only as good as your last performance. And You know you rehearse for hours to make sure the choreography's perfect. You make sure you can sing the song perfectly so that it's like so You know. For me, I just love acting as well because it's like it taps into a piece of me where I can be really raw and vulnerable and open. And when you are channeling an actual human being, there's beauty in the flaws. And How channeling, how, how hard is it to try to chase perfection though? Like, because I feel like you'll beat yourself up.


If, you don't feel like you're doing things perfectly. You'll constantly, it'll be like a endless cycle, right? Like a, A hamster in a wheel. And for me there's so many times I've done that, but it's like you, it'll be a losing battle. So it's a catch 22 as well A lot. 'cause a lot of times that can lead to like depression. Yeah. That can lead to like anxiety. Anxiety, anxiety. Because you think you're not doing things the most, You're not doing enough, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Of course. What was an experience that made you like realize, okay, like I gotta learn to step off the wheel. Like do you remember a moment where you're like, oh, I'm hitting rock bottom right now. I gotta step off the wheel. I think it was last year and it was like You know when you kind of go numb a bit and you kind of, nothing really phases you.


Yeah. That's when you're like, okay, I've lost feeling. How do I get that back? You don't want to ever give up to a point where you stop caring. Yeah. So I'm happy that my love and care has come back, but what I really appreciate is how you constantly do talk about mental health because it is important. And. I feel like, especially in the black community, it's overlooked or like it's frowned upon sometimes. But more recently it hasn't been. But I think therapy's important. I think You know, talking to the people, your loved ones so that you're not suffering or going through anything alone. I think all of that's important. Did it help you get out that space like therapy and Oh yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. For sure. If, you don't mind. And this one over here, God, mama.


See? Yes. Yeah. You, you said a line one time, you said people who you think will be there for the rest of your life. People who you think have your back through and through. They have the knife. Jesus Christ. Yep. Wow. That's life. And. I. Think what has been healthy for me is knowing that everybody goes through kind of the similar thing. Absolutely. It kind of takes me out of the moment of being like, woe is me. Like of course I still do You know. I'll be like damn. And I'll allow myself to feel. But it's like, okay, someone is going through something similar. You are not alone. And it's like, okay, this is just life. And that's how I'll generalize it to keep pushing You know how to set boundaries. That's, that's my big learning lesson right now.


I'm getting there. I'm getting there. Where Were you If? you don't mind me asking what was going on in your life at the time where you had to step off the wheel and you got numb? Because I remember what I was going through specifically. It was a factor of things. It was a factor of things. It's like, I think there's always that little cherry on top. Yeah. And it's like whoa. But what is important is that you always continue to get back up and having people who can help you get back up. So I'm standing now. There you go. How was it when you and Holly got back in the studio? You want me? It was amazing. We were in New York actually. We had like a press event here. And I was like, sis, okay, here's the verse, you like it? She's like, I love it.


I was like, come. She's like, okay, I'm bringing Halo to the studio. He was there at the engineering board with me and she just sounded so beautiful and she just pushed the record to be even more special. Wow. Is it hard to get her to do anything other than be a mother nowadays? No. She is multifaceted. Like she's doing so much. She's been filming taking care of Halo. Even when I was filming in New Orleans, she came to visit me for a weekend. 'cause I was like feeling lonely. So I, I was happy. I know you guys do your, is it tea? It's tea time. Yes. It's tee time. And y'all started to back up And. I saw Halo wasn't one of them. What is like, 'cause you've always been close, but now she's a mom, so she's experiencing different things. Is the relationship different now or is it the same, but you just have to know she's also a mom too.


Like was the, what was that like In a really weird way? It's gotten stronger. Oh, Okay. I can't explain it. It's just like, I think because we both have a deeper appreciation for life now, seeing something so pure and innocent like that, it has made our bond stronger. Y'all women now. So it's like a different level of womanhood And that's what I feel through this, this, this project. That's why I'm like you here. Like I'm happy for you. Thank you. Thank you so much. Happy that you've enjoyed it. Let's, Let's split. Can we play a joint other than Rose off the album? I think we should play roll And. I. Think We should play Rose on Rose Can The theme we Can play Honestly favorites. Favorite. It's 23 Years Pack.


You her favorite. There you Go. Yes, I like that you made up for it. There we go. There we go. True Cancer. Shoot. You heal it up a little bit. You. know what I'm saying? You literal literally laugh a little longer as she'll shoot you again. You a cancer? Yes. Oh yes. Wow. Absolutely. Ooh. Oh my goodness. 6 29 July 1st. Mm. Yep. You're July 1st. No, I'm 6 29. You July 1st. Oh, I was like, It's like, hold on. Well it's Chloe Bailey. We appreciate you for joining Us. Thank you. It's The Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know and there's nothing by getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need it or want it. Well, thankfully at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


Black Tech Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities. That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like, if your neighbor, State Farm is there.


Have you boosted your business with Lenovo Pro yet? Become a Lenovo Pro member for free today and unlock access to Lenovo's exclusive business store for technology expert advisors and essential products and services designed just for you. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo Unlock new AI experiences with Lenovo's ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core Ultra Processors.


Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Hey, it's Nikki Glaser. I know you guys are getting excited for Monday Night Football You know I am. Well, there is something happening during the game that you have to check out. PayPal seems to be popping up everywhere. Did I mention like everywhere? They may just be in the game on Monday. If it's anything like the PayPal wind chime post on Instagram I saw, it's going to be hilarious. You have got to tune in on Monday night on ESPN and see for yourself during the game. PayPal truly is everywhere.