
Hey, y'all. I'm Maria Fe. When You're Invisible is my love Letter to the working class people and immigrants who shaped me. Season two, share stories about community and being underestimated. All The greatest changes have happened when a couple of people said, this sucks. Let's do something about it. We get paid to serve you or made out of the same things. It's rare to have black male teachers. Sometimes I am the Testament. Listen to when you're invisible on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes lower from Blumhouse tv. iHeartPodcasts An Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst as he unravels the mystery of his vanished boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously, listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


I'm Emle host of the podcast Crumbs. For years, I had to rely on other people to tell me my story and what I heard wasn't good. You really? Last night it felt like I lived most of my life in a blackout. I was trapped in addiction. I had to grab the lamp and smashed it against the walls. And then I decided I wanted to tell my own story. Listen to Crumbs on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome. My name is Paola Pedroza, a medium and the host of the Ghost Therapy Podcast, where it's not just about connecting with deceased loved ones, it's about learning through them and their new perspective. I think God sent me this gift so I can show it to The World. And most of all, I help people every single day. Listen to the Ghost Therapy Podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Hello. Good morning. Good morning. Hi. Hey, Good morning, Wendy. How you feeling this morning? Well, I'm talking to you. Hi, everybody. What's up, Wendy? Morning. Good to hear your voice. What? Well, it's nice to be, it's nice to be heard, so, so me and Gina are on the phone and it's good to talk to you. You know, guys, I fired my second attorney. Yep. Okay. Yeah. Well, you know, she just isn't the person for me at all. You know, I don't wanna say why, but she deserves that.


Explain to the people who Gina is too, Wendy, for people that don't know who, who may not know who Gina is, they may have saw her on the documentary. They may not have. Oh, yes, I forgot you guys. Yes, the documentary, my fabulous friend Gina. Yeah, she's on the documentary, but she also knows why I fired the attorney, and she also hates that I'm in the, I'm in the memory unit, this floor. Gina, Good morning. Good morning. Good morning everybody. Give me some, some background on who you are. Gina has been on Breakfast Club before Gina was on Breakfast Club maybe. How long ago was that, Gina? Oh, probably like four years ago. Five years ago. Okay.


Four years ago. And give 'em some background on who you are. My name is Gina Lisa Monso. I have an HSC called Connect Care Advisory Group. We assist the elderly and disabled in ensuring that they live a quality of life at home and are able to stay home regardless of the type of care that they in or any chronic I illness that they're dealing with at home. Dementia, natural aging. We assist in making sure that there's care at home so they can maintain their life at home. I have a question for, Hey Gina. I have a good morning. Wendy, I have a question for you and Wendy.


So I know Wendy, she mentioned that she had fired the attorney or whatever, and I know that there was a conversation around like the Lincoln hearing and she was supposed to be going to these doctors and like all this stuff. Like where are you guys on that? Like, has she had another evaluation yet or anything that y'all can share on that? There is nothing we know at the moment scheduled. Yeah. Everything is at a halt. We're just waiting, waiting just to see how, how Wendy needs to, to move forward. You know, I, I am still accused of having a frontal temporal dementia and they are accusing me of being incapacitated, which I am clearly not.


You know what I'm saying? But you know, I do have to say that, that that evaluation of me for what you've already accused me, so, yeah. Right. But let, let me ask you, and, and not to start off with quote unquote business, but, but Wendy, how were you doing? How was your father's birthday? How was that trip? How, how was that for you in getting out and being able to shop and seeing your family? How was that? Oh, well, it, the birthday, the birthday was great, you know what I'm saying? Me and my dad, we had a great time and you know, my sister and my brother, you know, my niece, we all had a really great time. My son was a part of it too. You know, while I was in Miami, I also did some shopping in Miami because my guardian person told me that I would not be going to storage.


So, you know, everything is in storage here in New York, you know what I'm saying? So, you know, I have to see the, I have to see the judge. I have to meet my attorneys. I have to do this and that here in New York. So, you know, I need, you know, the clothing. So I did some clothing shopping while I was in Miami, which by the way, my guardian person gave the credit card to my attorney who I fired. But back in New York, in the meantime, the credit card with my money, it wasn't my credit card. Anyway, they denied me doing some of the shopping in Miami.


And I had no, I look, the point is, is that this is the freaking life that I'm still in. You understand? So they put a limit on you And I only allowed you to buy certain things, and when you tried, they stopped it. Ex excuse, excuse me, who's who? To tell me what I can buy and what I can't buy Emini here. Like, that's my money. Correct. Oh, I forgot my money is being used for other people to get attorneys. What you mean other people? Like, like, like who, like is it Sabrina, your Guardian? Like, like who? Oh yeah. Sabrina Morrissey. Yeah. Well, what I understand is that, that there, there are four attorneys going on so far, you know, using my money and not attorney for me.


Yes. Wow. You know, Gina, you know, Sabrina Morrissey put out a statement and said that she, she said she insists that she, you don't know that you have dementia. She, she, she made those allegations in court documentary related to the lawsuit against Lifetime. That, That, that, okay. Well, you know what, the guardian person has issues of her own. Has she been retaliating against you since any, since you've been, you know, very vocal about what's been going on In an elegant way? Of course. Okay. Wow. What is that, Tina? Oh, guess you can't, Can you, can you please explain the things that I thought now won't explain?


Yeah, because I'm gonna ask you to explain Gina, say the things, Say the things, say the things. Emini here. Emini here. What Wendy always explains to me is that privileges are always taken away from her when she speaks out about what's going on with her in this luxury assisted living. And, you know, it could just be $18,000 a month, by the way, Is what I'm, is a third session taken away a trip to the storage unit, you know, wondering if she's going to go see her dad. She doesn't have that many outside activities. Yeah. But the revenue limited ones that she does get.


Wendy explained to me that, you know, they're held hostage because Wendy's not acting in, in a certain way that Sabrina doesn't like, it's, it's just disgusting. It's overbearing, it's unjust, it's inhumane. She's using Wendy as a pawn. Thank you. And keeping her stuck in this building. Thank you. Without any socialization. Thank You. She can't make calls. Nobody can call her. It's, it's still not healthy. And it's, it's very concerning that this is a guardian who, and that name guardian is supposed to guard, protect her and make her safe.


Oh, I, I'm being guarded Is seeing her as a prison. I'm, I'm being guarded. Remember, you can't use the, you can't press the bell to go downstairs. You know, somebody's got to allow you, you know what I'm saying? So fortunately, fortunately, there's a gym in this building. And so that's, that's great for me. You know what I'm saying? Emini here. I, I am always, as a matter of fact, Charlemagne, you And I were talking about the day that I was going to the gym. I had just come back and you were said, you were on your way, you know, so, so that's like a regular thing for me now, you know what I'm saying? It always has been. But you know, at least that's in the building, you know, and not on this floor, but I can't leave the floor unless I am allowed, you know what I'm saying?


I have a question about this. Otherwise, Go ahead. Otherwise, remember, this floor is locked. Like you need keys to even press the bell to go downstairs. Gotcha. It's the memory unit. There was a story that broke that somebody in the facility, an employee at the facility, said that originally you were placed on the third floor, Wendy, where you had more freedom and then they moved you to the floor you on now because of an incident at the, the bar where you live. Have you, you heard that story, Gina? Did you guys see that story? They said you was getting drunk, Wendy. Yeah. They said you were. That's why you Were doing the well You wanted. Well, do you wanna know what, when I first, when I first got here, actually it was at the time near my birthday, you know, it was in July when I got here from Connecticut, which by the way, Connecticut was an entire memory unit floor, top to bottom.


And there were like four different units in Connecticut. So everything was about remembering nothing except for me and regarding alcohol, first of all. Yes. You know, it, it was like this, it was like this party, you know? And it wasn't a party for me, it was a party for everybody Emini here. They had lobster and shrimp and, and, and all kinds of things that by the way, are not here on this floor. And yes, there was also alcohol that was being served and yes, you know, the martini is the martini then. Yes. The martini and other liquor that I will never have again in life. And thank you. Thank you for telling me about that. Yes, that did happen. And that will never happen again in life, ever.


I got so many more important things to do, like getting out of this goddamn guardianship. What, what, what, when, when is that gonna be? What's the next steps for you getting out the guardianship? Oh my gosh, please. Emini here. I will live elegantly here in New York getting back to work, of course, because I still don't know exactly what kind of money I have, you know, because the attorney that I was working with, oh, by the way, it's the same attorney that was not allowed. I wouldn't have been allowed to see my dad in Miami if I didn't have this attorney who would be flying with me. You know what I'm saying? I gotcha. Which is like really weird. But what will I be doing?


Well, first of all, I'll be going back to work. I need money, you know what I'm saying? I need money that everybody else is taking from me. Right. You know, And I still don't know what kind of money I have, but besides, you know, I like to work. Why not? You know? And, and I don't think that I will have a hard time working. Are you working? Wait, what do you, what Are you at all? What would you like to do? Like you said you wanna work. Do you wanna do a show? Like what, what is, what is No, I don't wanna talk. Look, look, dj. I can't get that specific on radio, but I know the things that I've been offered that I would lose. Wouldn Said I got some deals in place And I You ain't gonna mess it up. Oh, Shut up.


Hey y'all. I'm Maria Fernandez. My podcast when You're Invisible is my love letter to the working class people and immigrants who shaped my life. I get to talk to a lot of people who form the backbone of our society, but who have never been interviewed before. Season two is all about community organizing and being underestimated. All the greatest changes have happened when a couple of people said, this sucks. Let's do something about it. I can't have more than $2,000 in my bank account or else I can't get disability benefits. They won't let you succeed. I know we get paid to serve you guys, but like, be respectful. We're made outta the same things. Bone, body blood. It's rare to have black male teachers. Sometimes I am the lesson and I'm also the testament. Listen to when you're invisible as part of the Michael Cultura podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up? Wait, stop it. What's up with the Life? I'm standing up. I'm doing the happy dance. What's up with the lifetime lawsuit? Wendy? I love Lifetime. Are you serious? So you Still don't Oh, Oh God. Oh wait, I can't, I can't do so much talking, but, but Gina, you can talk. Look, I love Lifetime. Lifetime has been good to me. And when I get outta guardianship, if lifetimes what they want, let's talk the ducks. Okay, Let's talk about the money. Let's talk, let's talk about what I'd be doing. But your guardian is suing them. Oh, well she's going, look, I'm on the wrong team. Just like, you know, my guardian person as well as the judge.


You know what I'm saying? They tell me, oh my gosh, Wendy, you stand to get $20 million. What do I want with $20 million? When it has, first of all, first of all, look, just stop. You know how much money will be going to you and you and you and you. By, by the time I have to pay everybody, I end up with $1. Like Gina, can you expound upon which I've been speaking of? Well, it's my understanding the cases on pause, we recently just saw online there's some, an answer that Amy responded back to the request for the, the lawsuit to be on pause.


And, you know, everybody's questioning. Why would you wanna put this case On by the, by the way, I, by the way, I love everything on pause. You know, it should just stop that lawsuit. It should just stop. I love you. I guess what they're saying is why should this case be on pause when you already stated Wendy wasn't incapacitated and she Yeah. Telling me that I I'm incapacitated and have dementia. So why would she have to undergo more medical evaluation when Thank you, you already came to the forefront with this information. 'cause I don't have it. Whatever. And I don't understand. I would never understand the lawsuit against lifetime. Especially being that Sabrina was your guardian when you went through that whole process. Look, walk.


Oh my gosh, you know what I wish I had, I wish I had roast beef right now. Like I really do miss food, man, You ate in Miami. I saw you eating, you was at the Cuban restaurant with Little Cat. Look, let me tell you something. And and, and that was the last time that I had a regular food. Like, like, you know what I'm saying? Like here, you know, in my bedroom, yes, I have bars and you know, you know the like protein bars and, and, and like nature's alley bars that I have some of that. And there's also eating across this floor, you know, on the fifth floor. But, you know, where, where can I get corn, beef sandwiches?


You know what I'm saying? Where can I have collared greens and black eyed peas and cornbread and Mm. Where can I get hm, cheeseburgers, Emini here. Emini here. We would send it, we would send it up there for you if we knew you could have it, but we would definitely send it up there. We did send, listen, listen, we sent some food up for you from a soul food spot, but they said Sabrina had it, had it taken away. She probably ate it. Really? Excuse me. I didn't know that. I know. I'm just fucking with you, Wendy. That ain't Okay, well Listen Behind, behind the scenes, if I give you the address to where I am, can you send me just, just like something She can get food delivered over there.


Oh, she can P real Got some candy. Yep. She got some candy the other day. Some French. She she Definitely have some food sent for you. Absolutely. Emini here. Emini here. Oh please. Oh, and it has to, it has to correlate with the day that I'm about to go work out, you know what I'm saying? Because you know, I gotta, I gotta, you know, burn calories off as well as, you know, consume on. By the way, my lymphedema my feet, they're going really well. You know what I'm saying? That's great. Just natural feet for me, Wendy. How a lot of speaking of food. 'cause you was at the Cuban restaurant with little Kev, a lot of people when we were reporting that they were hitting me so surprised to see you with your son. So, and because of everything you said in that TMZ doc, where are y'all at right now?


How that's your son, Emini Here, I'm just asking because people wanna know That I was with my friends. Where in Miami? No, your son. Your son. So after that TMC doc dropped, they thought they thought you didn't want anything else to do with your son and then y'all were out. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. My son And I are doing very well. You know, we are regularly on the phone and you know, like, you know what my son always says to me, and he doesn't say this a lot, but when he says it, it just, it means a, oh my god, I'm gonna cry. It means a lot to me. He always says, you know, mom, what's your last name? And I tell him, you know what Williams? And he says, no, your last name is Hunter. You are a hunter.


You know, my last name is Hunter, you know what I'm saying? Emini here. Anyway, that is my, that is my marital last name and I'm not married anymore. But you know, the important thing about my son is that he always just wants me to be his mom. Always. I'm talking about like when he is one, when he is two, when he's five, when he is 10, he's 24 now and he still feels the same. And I get, I get that, you know? Yeah, Yeah. So when people, that's always gonna be her son Always, Always unconditionally, whatever he did, she's never gonna leave his side. No. She's always gonna be there for him.


And people shouldn't think because of the situation that happened that she's gonna disown him. But I Will tell him, but tell him Lesson learned, but she'll never abandon him and walk away from him. That's that's her son. Yeah. That, that is my son. But you know, one thing that I will not do, I will not be permissive in any way, shape or form regarding my money. And I already told him that. I said, look boy, you know, you leave my money alone. My money is my money, you know? Absolutely. I got you. Well, listen, Wendy says she wants to call in like once a week just to get people an update or twice a week just to get people an update. Anything else you want people to know now, Wendy?


Well, once I get, once I, well, you know what, if I, if there's something else that I wanna tell you about Emini here, I, you know, this doesn't have to be about attorney talk. You know what, Emini here Yeah. There's, there's always jokes and laughter going on too. So what's, What's tickling your fancy right now? Oh my god. What? Well, what's tickling my fancy right now actually is I'm about to see this woman and she'll be here in about 45 minutes. Wendy, you know what you about To tell us? And I there what's the woman? What, what she Do? The woman is with the guardian person and she, okay, okay. When you have a guardian person, then you also have this person who wants you to come out to eat with, or, you know, if I want nail polish, she's the one who gets me the nail polish.


She's the one who gets the correct water, which is hole and spring. You know what I'm saying? So, so for her, oh by the way, no, I will not be going out to eat with her, you know what I'm saying? And I do wanna let her know that just, just because there's not much to talk about, you know what I'm saying? She's like your runner, basically. She comes and asks you what you need and then she go, gets it for you. Yeah. I hate saying that, but yes. Yes. She's my runner. Gotcha. She's my runner. Gotcha. Yeah. And she's also the person, she's also the person, like, you know, when I go for my mammogram, which I do wanna do that girls, we've done that before, you know, so, so I want to, I want her to, we're together, we're gonna get the date and the time and then we'll go together.


Okay? Alright. Well We, no, it's for me, it's for my breast. Not for her breast. But you know, I would Hope so, Wendy, oh God, I Emini here. No Emini here. She gets hers done on her own, on her own time. Shut up. And so you got your girlfriend, Wendy, you didn't turn. How you doing? You Yeah, like tickle the, you said this woman, how you doing? You shut up. Just luck Anyway. Alright, Wendy, well we love you. You know, you can call anytime, Wendy. Well listen, this is what I wanna tell everybody first and foremost, okay? I wanna thank everybody with the GoFundMe, you know what I'm saying? The GoFundMe is definitely needed financially speaking.


You know, my guardian person has all of my money and she's using my money I guess for her needs and not mine. You know, my niece Alex, my niece Alex, Gina, can you talk about my niece Alex? Yeah. So why GoFundMe is The bulk FundMe is at 93%. It's almost at goal, but we had to give already $21,000 of that GoFundMe to the attorney that's representing Alex to release Wendy and her petition. So, and By the way, and, and, and by, excuse me, 21,000 by guardian person. It look the, the, the, the, the attorney and my niece Alex that was denied.


So now the attorney and Alex have to petition again. Go ahead Gina. They denied her from getting an attorney, Alex, No, no, no. That no, that hasn't been done yet. That there's gonna be a hearing in March to determine her petition, but Gotcha. We already spent 21,000 of that 45 and that was just for the little bit of work, which is big work done. Yeah. So that GoFundMe is gonna go pretty quick. So any more donations to help Alice continue to help Wendy to get out it scholarship would, would, would help and we appreciate it. Got it. We definitely appreciate it.


You know, I just wanna say that I love my fans and, And I, And I just, everybody thank you for, for your good support and for the people that don't like me And The Breakfast Club for being so amazing. Yes. Being there for Wendy Charmagne, Lauren DJ Envy, you guys are amazing. And without this platform, I don't think The World would've been able to actually see that Wendy is not incapacitated. Well, thank you so much. Well, thank you Gina, you, Wendy, this platform is always open for Wendy. She can call anytime, doesn't matter. I'll Be call I'll be calling you again next week. Absolutely. Sounds good to me. All right guys, have a great day and we're gonna send you some food if we can.


Oh, you too. Alrighty now. Bye. Wake that ass up in the morning, The Breakfast Club.


Hey y'all, I'm Maria Fernan Di, when you're Invisible is my love letter to the working class people and immigrants who shaped me. Season two, share stories about community and being underestimated. All The greatest changes have happened when a couple of people said, this sucks. Let's do something about it. We get paid to serve you or may out of the same things. It's Rare to have black male teachers. Sometimes I am the Testament. Listen to when you're invisible on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes lower from Blumhouse tv, iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst as he unravels the mystery of his vanish boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person, sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Hi, I'm Arturo Castro and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse, and now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, and Joseph Gordon Levitt. I love storytelling And I love you, so I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What Would you do if mysterious drones appeared over your hometown? I started asking questions, What do you remember happening on that night of December 16th? It actually Rotated around our house looking as if it was tearing in each window of our Home. I'm Gabe Lenner from Imagine iHeartPodcasts and Len's Entertainment. Listen to obscure invasion of the drones wherever you get your favorite podcasts.