
The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing massage and seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bows premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional Features.


I wanna take a moment to give a shout out to our sponsor. Stand up to all Hate. This one is important to me because, you know, we joke, we debate, we go at each other but hate. That's not it. If you see it, stand up to it because there's no reason to hate use. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools in this fight. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate, speak up and call it out. You can learn more by following at what's up with hate on Instagram. And TikTok


at and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity. You depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the Building. Yes indeed. Cheryl Underwood. Ladies and gentlemen. Hey baby. Listen. Okay, how Where we starting? Wherever you want. Y'all Ms. Underwood. Ask me. Well listen. 'cause I got to, you know, because I'm old school, I gotta sell these tickets. Mix and mingle. You know we out there street walking to these tickets. Absolutely. And these joke because what is hap, I gotta ask y'all question. Black female comedians. Yes ma'am. Are we hitting or or do we gotta struggle for it now? Just what's, what you thinking? We ain't gotta struggle for it. Well then why we ain't got no radio shows that we do ourselves, sitcoms that we do ourselves, podcasts that we do ourselves and movies that we do ourselves.


Back in the old days, you know, simply marvelous. Everybody was doing Lord hate everybody. It seemed like now something has taken the place of what we used to get. It used to be we was the marli again, we walk in, throw that joke up, hit Sherman Hemsley and walk out. Now we don't even get that right. I gotta, I got a reason I think, 'cause I saw you on Club Shehe talking about the radio portion. Yes. I think for whatever reason radio didn't look sexy to a generation. So there wasn't a lot of people who went and pursued it. So you know, you got your DEI McGuires but Dee been around, DEI been around Since But she's a radio person. That's right. Right. That's right. But if, but if DL okay dl, Steve, Ricky, then why is it not me just not saying we don't wanna work here?


'cause I've been trying to get a job here. Lemme talk to y'all about y'all. I've been trying to get a job here. You know, I keep coming up here and y'all keep moving the location on me. Thinking from listen, like, like we used to start us up. Listen, because I been trying to get a job when you got a job. I was like, oh, maybe I should lose a couple of pounds or something. Put some nails on or something. I had to take my nails off 'cause they was killing me. Oh and fungus ain't for punks. Okay, listen That's your, You better check to make sure nobody your front door. Oh no. Liz said okay. I know what that means. That's if they don't quit walking across my stuff because that's what make the battery run out. Go to bed and then they ain't even us. You know, if it was us you could be all night long.


But when there's other races of people, take your ass to bed and stop messing my battery up. Okay. What was I talking about? You talking about people doing Radio but no women. Yeah, women not being in the position. I wanna do radio out. You know, I, I call Doc all the time. Doc, doc, look out for me. I'm not on CBS no more. We gotta keep working. Let's do a podcast. I I would, I would do a po What would I, what would I wanna talk about? Well I know what I wanna talk about. What would you recommend? 'cause you know you be making that money too. You be, man listen, I need to write a book. I need, matter of fact, I need to just do the Charlemagne tha god Sure Success story Do. Yeah. Okay. So wait a minute now hold on. What we gonna talk about? Because you know, and then That's the thing. It is when you do a podcast, you gotta really think about what is it that people wanna hear from Cheryl.


That's Right. What you think Justin? You what I'm saying? What you think when you shit, Like soon as you came in here, you looked at me and was like, what's going on? When girl it was, it was a Yeah. And I, when I woke up, no, you looking fly to death. That's how you come to work in the morning. Thank you. You come to work Fly and Sexy Compton. But ready to, you know, if I need to in the meet me the break. Roll. Listen, don't sleep on that money. Right. Did The Breakfast Club. Don't let the success fool you. We'll Squa with any radio show come up here with the smoke. You gonna get smoke back. We The Breakfast Club. That's right. Because we going to hit you in the morning.


S Right. That is a good question you ask because when Jess first started her podcast, carefully reckless, she was talking about pop culture and stuff and then it turned into you talking about yourself. Yeah. Turned to just fix my mess. Yeah. Then just fix my mess because what I went into it with thinking Alright, just like, alright, I'm gonna talk about what I wanna talk about. But no podcast. They don't really see you. We got a lot of people that, that shoot their podcast. But I was just doing audio, you know what I'm saying? 'cause I'm already video visually everywhere else. So I'm like, nah, I'm gonna just lead this to audio. But I, the mistake I made was like, alright, they wanna hear what they hear online. Nah, we wanna hear something different. We can go online if you wanna hear what you talk about online. So That's right. Give us advice on stuff. Jess, you, your storytelling is amazing. All of your experiences. You, you always been an open book. Just so we going through the same things.


How did you get through? How can you help us get through it? That's when it changed from me being just with the mess on my podcast. Yes. To me. Just fix my mess now. You know, people call up. Yes. I can Fix people's mess here every Thursday. You know, they call up, they having situations at work, they having, you know, turmoil in every relationship. That's Right. That's right. That's right. Whatever. Friendships, family. That's stuff like that. And I, Well, since you fixing things, I need you to find me a man. And this is where we going. You go to every brand lobster in the history of mankind. 'cause it's a brother that run Red Lobster. Really? Okay. So what's up with him? What's up with him? He got his contact and he actually young single, I believe he young. He's young. He his thirties. I think he his thirties. I I do that. Y'all saw me in club go 35, 9 5. What? Trying to do 35. 95. 95, 9 5. You ain't never Had sex with no 95-year-old man.


Listen to a 95-year-old man. I'm, I'm a young tender to a 95-year-old s That car. I'm young at him, but to a 30 5-year-old man, I can teach him things. Plus I need my privacy. Yeah. You know, I want somebody to live right next door or in another state. You know, it's called me a night. Check on me, see if I'm still alive. Oh, you don't wanna live with nobody? No, I don't think that's a good idea. In the beginning. Well I don't believe in Shaq And I never believed in that. Okay. I'm not living no man. 'cause you don't know the day of the hour to master return. You know? But, and, And I don't like, I don't like sex life Wait minute than me. You think the man is Gonna die. You don't wanna be with him.


No. But you just don't know when Jesus coming back. Oh. So now he judging you shack it up. Right. So I'm living with a dude And I think the Lord be looking down in my life, you know, be like, man, I was just about to give her all these blessings. You know what I'm saying? To give her all this money and everything. She ain't ready. She sleeping. Premarital Sex. No. That's when I get caught slipping. Now listen, sometimes I get, I get caught slipping. You know? Facts change. Ain't no robbery. You take me out to eat. I need to do something for it. You know what I'm saying? I need, I need all my arms. Some ties or something. Yeah. You know, because a lot of women are Yeah, I did what I did. Shut up. You need to do something for this man. He done took you out, you done ate well. Yeah. And everything. He don't just like you and you. I Kiki. No. So you trick a little Bit Cheryl? No, I wouldn't say I trick a little bit.


I Just say fair exchange. Ain't no robbery. Okay. You know what I'm saying? I'm gonna talk to you and I'm gonna tell you what I can do. What I can't do. I'm gonna tell you, if you, if you want something that I don't know how to do, I'll call Jess. Jess, you wanna jump in there? Because do I want to Be tagged In and then Yeah. Tagged in because the things I can't do. I'm over here making sandwiches. Well, you know, I'm engaged so I can't, I would've Done that. Listen. Okay. How did you, you get engaged? Engaged. But see I need to do your joint so you can tell me how did you get engaged? Absolutely. Because I How did you get engaged? She got a Mexican, he needed PE first Is Yes, he Mexican. Mexican And black. But he's black First. Okay. But you said Mexican first. So you know that Me, she said Mexican First. You say she you say she she said Mexican.


Are you what? Yes, Cheryl. That's his win. Sitting Right next to him. I identify as what I need to identify as in the Moment. Oh, you in the pronouns. Yes. Yes. See that's how we lost. You can't be in everything black. I don't do a damn About their pronoun. Don't them. All the black people are not doing all of that. We get frustrated. Yes. That's when we call you straight your name. That's right. We not against your rights and everything. That's right. But we can't be thinking about all this stuff and everything. That's right. Because people gotta stop walking on the back. So I movement then go to get they thing and then they pulling it from everybody. See, that's what I would want to talk about. I got questions. Exactly. I wanna ask questions. But also I wanna do relationship. I want when you get called in something, me and Shannon used to kick it. You know, we used to kick it. I was trying, man, you said they in shock And I was trying to get it shots.


Did they used to call him Shaha back then? No, I didn't know who that was. Okay. When I heard Sheha, I was like, bruh, you know, because I was trying to, yeah, I was, I was trying to put that four on that went back. Just take it, take it, take it. You can take it. Take it. Sleep. Sleep. So back when, when y'all used to talk. Okay, so when you saw it at live or whatever, right? You that wrong, you got up in all kind of sports, baseball, soccer, Olympics, football, hockey. I was running up in all kind of sports because I'm the different girl. I'm the girl that a dude get with and go, you know, I never thought I would like shut it up, shut it up, period. Take it, take it, go to sleep.


Go to sleep. I was that girl too. So you got, you got the the Mexicans and black, the Mexican black, the guy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Because I mess with that too. Gateway to legal immigration. Right through hell. I mess with all of that. Colombian Cuban, Mexican El Salvadorian. You know El Salvadorian is really black, you know, because they be, you know, they be trying to say who ain't coming. Yeah. And now he done picked up everybody. But you voted. You voted. You singing and you voted. But you didn't think he was gonna flip a script on you. Anybody hustle hard Like Donald Trump was hustling hard and did what he did. But we knew it. We knew it. So I would want to talk about everything yo show every Is that what the podcast Relationship, Sex. That's right.


And I love the Lord And I think the Lord know my heart. That's why I'm on, I'm back on tour. 'cause I gotta make this money. 'cause I wanna finance everything That's right. That I wanna finance And I want somebody to jump in and help elevate my stuff. Like I gotta animated vehicle, you know? But it's, I wanted to be profane. I like profane language. Me too. I like profane topics. Yeah. I like, like I saw you on the, the Daily Show. I thought your commentary is very good. Thank you. And I think that with all of us working, all of us making this money and opening doors for all of us, then we, we need to get together and start making these movies. We need to start getting together and making these series. And then we need to work together. So if you know how to write a book, you do a 20 book deal over at your publishing company and you find 20 of us.


That's, that got a story to tell because I got a story to tell. I'm just not going tell it until somebody pay me. Yeah. To tell it. That's 'cause I got that day that somebody came outta the bag of me when I found out that I thought my friend was my friend, but I found my friend was my coworker. You want the inside of that story. You gonna have to pay me for it. And I tell you, I'll tell you everything. You know what I'm saying? Money talking walk. And You look good too. Cheryl. You lost what? About 110? I I was like, two 50 was like, I was widdling baby. I didn't know that I was wi You didn't know that when she was two 50. But remember we had table was two 50. We had, because we had a table and you know, they, I was coming out loud when you sit And I was, I was wildling to the table. Right. You know what I'm saying? I was cross between Biggie and Tracy Morgan, Jesus.


Right. So I, so no, for real, for real. Wait a minute. Wait. Was I here, was was y the show that, that I said I looked like Lil Yachty and no Lil Yacht? See I thought about it. I never said it. I think I said it. You pointed at I thought I said it. I said, because I said it because I saw the pictures man. I ain't never seen it until said no, because remember Lil Yachty did this thing in the video. Yes. And I said, oh dang. And then there's a picture and somebody put 'em side by side And I, I took it. I claim it. If you got a good line on me, I'll take that line. But if, if it ain't a good line, you might get tapped. Yes. You know, you might get tapped these little bitty, these little sharp knuckles and not, I loss 110 pounds.


I got a good black doctor too. Dr. Zuri Morrell, you got to check him out. He's the brother that sometime you need somebody in your own culture that can tell you understand because somebody will talk to you and because they got a white coat on, you'll be like, okay, I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. Woo woo. And then you find out, don't do that. So having Dr. Zuri Morere, no diabetes, no high blood pressure, you know, moving around. But here's what we need. We need to be talking to these pharmaceutical companies. It cannot be so expensive to live healthy. And that's where the problem is. And that's where we need to use the media. And we gotta get people ready. You know the other problem, the pharmaceutical companies should be calling out the food corporations. Absolutely. 'cause the food corporations are making all this food that's getting them sick. Then we gotta go to the pharmaceutical companies and get health insurance that we can't afford and medicine that we can't afford.


And then you put like they working hand In hand. Right. But then you put a dude in there. Listen, I'm not against RFK Jr. I know the dude, I met him and everything. I met his wife and everything. But when you putting a dude in there going, well I, I vaccines do this and do this. But you know, now that the measles is coming back, you might want to get it. Okay. Who are we listening to? Yeah. I need a dude that sound like he know what he talking about. Because I can go to a dude on the corner if I want to get possibilities. Right. Because that's how we live. If somebody say, you got fibroids, okay, drink corn water. Okay. We already live in that. But you can't be in charge of nothing talking about drinking corn water. Yeah. But I, I big ups to him talk about putting what's the beef towel back in? The french fries? In the french Fries? He did it already. I think it's shake shackle one of I heard Popeye's too.


But listen, I'm not against it. You just can't eat it every Day. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So you had surgery to lose the weight? No. Oh no. I was going to have it because that is what was recommended. And then when I went to get the, I did the psych psychological test. 'cause you gotta go through a lot of testing before you get to surgery. Yeah. And then I went to get the, I was getting my colonoscopy. So I said, well you might as well do the endoscopy 'cause the equipment goes down your throat. And I like, okay. Right. Nevermind. I did, I'm about to go on a whole nother tangent. But when I went to do that, my colorectal doctor, Dr. Zuri Morell brother over at Cedar Sinai Morehouse man said, why are you doing this? And so he started to read my record and he said try this first. Hmm. So then he put me on Saxenda first and then I went to Wegovy and everything changed.


And we monitor all of my vitals and my blood work and everything. And that's what you gotta do. But this can be done. The other thing that can be done, we need to be buying up property. That's right. That people don't want. Yeah. And changing neighborhoods and putting healthy stuff next to stuff we love. And then we need to put small clinics in every neighborhood. You don't have to go to the hospital way far away just to come down and get your blood pressure checked. You need to be able to walk. In the old days we used to walk places. We need to bring that back. We who have money, access and power need to use that money access and power. Because now they'll give us something, somebody else will start using it and then they'll take it away.


That's right. You ain't hurting me hustle Hard. It's funny that you said that. You know, we were talking earlier that we try that, but all the vegan spots have been closing. Mm. People haven't been going to the vegan spots. They haven't been going to the healthy spots no more. So all the healthy spots have been closing. But I don't know if them healthy spots are in the hood though. And, And I I would say this, it's not to everybody don't like to hear I'm gonna be a vegan because then it sounds like what I don't get to eat. Like I, I, I live for a good fried pork chop, but I can't metabolize it every day like I used to Right. When I was younger. So when you say being vegan, that's eating a apple, that's eating fruit. That's that's getting your natural fiber. Right. But once you hook me on something processed and my body now wants that.


Right. I think there's it's okay to have everything that's out here. Migration. That's right. That that's right. But if we don't walk around, if we ride everywhere, I live in California, we ride everywhere. Yeah. Where do we use this? We don't wanna just use this to entertain. We wanna enlighten, empower, and elevate. And that's what we need to be doing. Yeah. So if I was to ever do a podcast or type of show, I would wanna be able to talk to everybody And I wanna move product. You know why. Yeah. Integration is the key. You want to stay on the air, you must be making the corporation money. That's right. From everybody. That's right. And that's what I want us to be about.


So we will have the money. I'm working with a team of promoters to make sure my tickets sell. Why? Because the clubs and some places don't promote. Yeah. They think you're supposed to do it on social media. Yep. Yep. That's What do you think about that? I I actually well it's the upside and the downside to it. Thank God I am, my platform is big enough. Yes. And I do have, you know, now, you know The Breakfast Club where I can push take my tickets, my reaches even further. Yes. And thank God for my platform that I can sell my tickets right. On my own with a couple posts. 'cause if not, damn like well how are you booking me? But you don't wanna promote me. That's right. That right. You book me there. You want me to do your job right. Then are you gonna compensate me for that when Kevin Hart Yeah.


Had his promotion game, his social media game before he was that Kevin, this Kevin Hart. He was that Kevin Hart. That's right. And then those e emails came out that they wanted to access it, but they didn't want to compensate him for what he built. He Put that newsletter out. He still have his man walk around the comedy club Wayne and get everybody's email and he would send a newsletter out. Yep. That's right. And, and we gotta go back to that. But my feeling is everybody audience is not a social media audience. My audience old school, they don't believe that Jesus is coming back until they hear The Breakfast Club say where Jesus is going to be. They On Facebook though. Facebook sorta. But you know what, what they were on Facebook, but everything, with everything updating, it's hard to keep up with how some of that stuff works now.


So, no, the and that's when I realized when I got this job, I'm like, well that's a total different, right? Yeah. Because I'm starting to see more and more and more older, more established people. That's right. You know, and their careers coming to the show. That's right. When I go in it, when I, when I'm on stage and I'm talking about what's going on on social media, they, it is funny, but I can tell that they don't, They don't, they don't make that this. That's right. This is a new lab. Okay, cool. But that's the, that's the difference. I got the fan base here. That's right. My older folk more established And I got the fan base on social media. And so, and when you merge 'em together, now you have power. Yes. And and for me, this is still in my car. This is still in my house. Everybody pronounced the death of terrestrial radio and it's still alive and it's gonna stay alive.


It's big business. That's right. So we have to be involved in it and we need to talk to politicians. Democrats won't take it back in the midterm. Then you gotta put that money on radio and especially black radio. Why? Because the Republicans did just enough to get our attention. Now everybody talking about, oh, the black men that voted Republican. No, that's not true. She still got a large amount of the black male vote. What they did was they got enough for the distraction hustle to work. And we have to tell people, advertisers have to advertise on this show. Why? If it don't make money, it don't make sense. Republicans Trump advertised on Breakfast Club. He advertised on our YouTube shoot. He took me an envy and put us in a commercial Pac. Did What? Okay, now let ask you a question.


What did you, did you get any, any blowback? Because now people are mad. You gotta you gotta dance with the dude that's in there. You, you know what I'm saying? So everybody mad. But I, only thing I'm mad about is I've been a black Republican for a long time. I'm an old school black Republican. But I, I I don't know if I wanna, did you vote with Trump? Man, listen. No. But, but I know a lot of stuff Emini here. I've been going to conventions for a long time. I've been dealing in the publican About 2016. You overturned 2016? No, I campaigned I I'll walk it back for you. I campaigned for Senator Obama to become President Obama. President Obama to stay President Obama. I campaigned for Hillary Clinton. I I was at the D-N-C-I-I wanted kale went campaign for her. But here's the problem.


If these entities don't listen, if they think we ain't gotta put no money down here That's right in this community. We got 'em in the back. You don't have us in the bag. That's right. You must put the money down here. You must put the boots on the ground. So every civil rights organization, every Greek letter organization, everybody get back into the community. If you are not touching the community, we will not win this. And now they gotta decide. Is it gonna be Gavin Newsom in the west with Shapiro in the east and come together? Because I understand why I like Shapiro. I don, I'm not a Gavin guy. I like Shapiro though. Okay, tell me what I love Shapiro. 'cause Shapiro to me, I love Shapiro. But I look at he's Obama. To me. He's Obama. I call Him Baruch Obama. That That, But you know, Baruch, that's what they, that's what I feel like.


If you're gonna make a decision, I think the coach was a good dude. Right? I think he was a good dude. Not me, but, okay. Tell me what you, you think didn't I didn't, I didn't like Coach Walter. I don't think he added nothing to that ticket. In no way, shape, or form. I actually thought she should have went with Shapiro. But I think she, I think she was afraid of the blowback from the whole Palestine Israel crowd at the time. Listen man, would you like to coach? I I like to coach also. We got a chance to interview his wife. I think they good people. Good people. I they Good candidate. But, but because I don't know why they made that decision. I've heard some things, but also you can't be afraid of. And I'm just speaking generally there's nothing that I heard, but I'm reading the books that's coming out. Them books is juice. Political juice is ignorant.


Right. Isn't. But if you afraid that somebody's gonna want for president, that is why you be the vice president so you can run for president. Mm. And you gotta get it together to run. And you need to hit them battleground states. But if you notice something strange, like a lot of people believe that Elon Musk, you know, did something, you know, fed dangled. I was gonna say a word with rigged on that part of it. But I'm trying to keep it casual with y'all. If we was drinking I would've said it. But they say he did something right? Yes. Yes. But you read the election. That's right. But if you, even if you do that, you still cannot defeat the will of the people. What is it? Last weekend everybody was out marching then the dude from, what is it JP Morgan say, look like we're going into a recession now they coming back to where they need to be.


What is the point of all of this? If people start speaking up, we can get this right. Right. You gotta get yours where you can get yours. Now if I say you like my outfit Jess, you like my outfit. Yes. Now I gotta say Amazon before the boycott. Right. But Right. But a lot of small businesses about to get hit. 'cause you was getting all your stuff from overseas. What is my point to this? We have got to start talking about with racial issues, with financial issues, with character issues. So back to how did we lose, we are in those battleground states. People should have come together and told the truth. We ain't got the boots on the ground for you. Or you don't feel like Obama is something and Obama got a right to say what he wants to say.


And you can't get mad that this brother is trying to tell you something. Right. You can be against it. But what happened to us sticking together? Let something happen to one of y'all. We we riding. Yeah. What time are we marching and where are we coming from? But if we are separated and we get a little bit of temporary money, but they got full power. Everything, every branch of government. But they played a long game. They put people on the Supreme Court. Now you don't have no place to go. Now they telling law firms if you do anything I don't like, we gonna take the money. Now they telling colleges, if you do anything, take the money. So what we gonna do? Okay, everybody go to HB HBCUs. Now you ain't got to do nothing for us. Basically what you're saying is we all gotta get back to community.


'cause that's all we really got at this point. Absolutely. We will feed our own children. That's right. We will educate our own children. That's, we will talk about our history and make sure that it's out there. If you gotta stand on Times Square on a, on a crate like they used to do, we will educate the people. Because once you give it, you can take it away. And then when you get your ass in a sling, you wanna do a distraction Where you taking Harriet Tubman down from somewhere, then we all run over here mad while they doing what they really want to do over here. Don't fall for it. Right. And then we got to be careful that companies that are making decisions for their financial bottom line, let's go and talk to these companies and go for real. That's what you think.


'cause at 12 Midnight we gotta ride on you and give 'em a shot at going. Well, I don't know. Well we warn you and now we gonna ride and then we really gotta not do it. 'cause I miss McDonald's. I miss, I miss that Fish for life. I do. I missed the Fish for Life. Burger King. I I miss you. I wasn't getting down with the Impossible Burger. Anything. You making something? But I need The Talk get canceled. You want my personal opinion? I don't know. 'cause you know that's above my pay grade. I'm asking Sharon. Right. You want my opinion? Yes, yes, yes. Well, I I think we had the Dream Team five. The Dream Team five was Julie Chan, Moonves, Aisha Tyler, Sharon Osborne.


And, and Sarah Gilbert created the show, brought us to CBS and then here I come. That's the dream team. Fight Eve came just as good, you know. So to me, once you get away from your dream team combination, do people really care and are we really talking about something? You don't have to argue politics. I think The View does an amazing job with what they do. Yeah. Right. But we, we can't be that. Some people don't wanna pick a side. Right. Sometime you don't wanna argue all the time. But also I think we gotta understand it is no longer visionary in entertainment. It is now corporation in entertainment. If you are not cost efficient, yeah. You will not stay on.


And if you not generating revenue, you will not stay on. And I think once we lost the components that made our, made us great, then we had to understand that it ain't your season no more. And beyond the Gates. I believe it was something that I was told from other sources. Christophe St. John, when he was alive, he was trying to put this together years ago. It's been in development for years. It's their time, it's their opportunity. People should support it. People should watch it and keep it on the air. Because at the end of the day, we all need the jobs. Now, would I like to do another talk show? Absolutely. Yeah. Absolutely. I I've found that I have the skill And I like doing it, but I'd like to do something a little bit different where I could talk about everything with everybody.


Yeah. You know, And I just got a couple of questions, you know, so what You joked earlier, you joked right on by to Sharon Osborne And I clocked it, but I'm gonna bring it On back. Real talk. That's why I told you when I walked in, what I say, you ask me what's up with you. Did you ask me anything? Didn't I tell you? Yeah, you asked me anything because you could ask me anything. It's how I answered. Okay. Okay. Wait a minute. So are y'all good? No. Alright. We outside. That's why we outside. But I but you got a sign that say, bitch, hold up for me bitch. Hold it up for me. Gonna be some on shit like Emini here. I'm sorry. Okay. No, you good. You good? Okay. Okay. What, where, Where y'all at now? Like how is y'all relationship now? How is it? Listen, I wasn't mad. I, I'm I I'll tell y'all 'cause I, anybody ask me, I'll tell y'all.


And I trust y'all. Yeah. Remember? No, we're talking to millions of people. It ain't just us. I just want you to know it's family. It's millions of people. Okay? Okay. Come get them. Mix and mle tour tickets. Hit me up on Instagram. Y'all know where I'm going. Being new Bru, Bru, new Brunswick, New Jersey. I need to sell, but I need to sell out everything. Tacoma, Washington. Gotta sell that out. Tacoma Club in ca, California. Loony Ben in Arkansas. Oh yeah. Baltimore Comedy Factory in C Maryland. I've be in Detroit, Connecticut at least three times. I need to sell everything to finance everything. But back to your question. Yes. So remember they was Pierce and Sherm. They was talking about Meghan Markle And I, I pulled them to the side when he came on the show, I said, you cannot mess with her. Why? Her mama and them is Windsor Hills.


Mm. She fell in love with a dude and now she living in Windsor Palace. You can't talk about her. Yeah. We have to ride on You don't do this. Right. You could state your point, but you ain't riding on her like that. Well, they, he was riding then there was a co-sign. The co-sign caught black Twitter, black social media undefeated to this day. Right. So they was dragging. And a lot of people don't like that heat. Right. When I got in trouble, I had to go to the black community. I'm sorry I was wrong. But then I found out I got caught up in something that I think God was telling me, something bigger is coming. You better prepare yourself for what's coming. So on that day and that time period be in dragged, then you wanna come back in and say, I got something.


I wanna say, well, there was discussion about we gonna ask you some questions back when people go ride ride. Cool, cool. Ask me anything. And then when it get heated and then you want to jump funky on somebody. Well, this day I believe that God said, did I not tell you servant that something is coming sit down. Why? Because if I had come out of a bag on her, if I had been the Shel Underwood from the past that you know me. Who the you talking bitch, I, my last name is what? I would've been a reflection on you. So just don't get the opportunity because black females don't know how to control themselves.


But Sometimes you gotta check a motherfucker. Yeah. But you gotta know how and when to check somebody. And on that day, the blessing from God was for me to sit there and when somebody say what we gonna do, Cheryl? Because remember I was moderating. Yeah. Which is the leadership position. I liked being the anchor. Right. Julie Chen Moonves was the moderator. I like being the anchor. Right. She'd tee it up for me. I take it down and we go to break. I slam dunk it and we go to break. If I ain't got nothing, I, well nah. If I got, I give her the signal, I ain't got nothing. That's a relationship. Yeah. But if somebody's jumping on you sometime you got to let them flame out. I love her. I love every woman and man that I've worked with.


But when something like that happened, I think the blessing from God was, look how Cheryl has matured. Look what Cheryl did not do on CBS when a black man is running it. Right. Yeah. We've got to understand we represent each other. Yeah. I could have litter up and for that moment everybody would've been happy until they're not. Right. So I think I did what I should have done, which was sit there and let you keep talking. Yeah. Let you keep talking. Now was I hurt? Come on. Just, you know me. Yeah. Who the you talking to? Yeah. I wanted to go to break. I ain't ditch do you? Who you talking to? But then I was like, shut it up, Cheryl, shut it up. Go home, make a onic. Ask God to take this heat off your back.


But Then she apologized, but then she went on stage, stage still show and said she regretted apologizing and actually said, fuck you. Fuck You. Yeah, absolutely. And see, to me, I would say this, everybody wants to know my feeling. I wanna know what was your reaction to one minute, you apologize the next minute you not one minute you f you Fs. And the next minute you not one minute you make little comments about somebody in leadership, but you not, or people are coming out with their information that they've witnessed. So wait a minute, Cheryl might not be the villain. Or when, see what happens is when you get power, even power on the level that we got it now you become a threat.


Right? But we don't wanna wield our power where you can't work. We need you to survive. So when people look back and go, Cheryl, do you regret it? No. No. Who would've thought Cheryl Underwood from Deaf Comedy Jam. BET Comic View would be on the number one network. The red state. The, the, the the square business network that do all the police procedurals would be on a talk show. That's why sometime you got to know to play your position. Right. And I, I think what I did that day was to represent black women who are going through this each and every day. So you Ain't thinking about putting on a silk scarf, going on a Instagram live and just airing everybody out on The Talk man.


Like you like, like somebody else up Here. Well listen. Okay, go. You go. No, I ain't. I ain't. No. It ain't even. No. Come on. No. Come on. Come. We here together. We here together. Yeah. Talk to me. I think that you did what you felt was right for you and the voice and the platform that you felt was right for you. Yeah. Right. But if you,


some Of the best memories aren't just about where you are, it is about who you're with, your crew, your day ones. The folks who always got your back. The ones who turn the most random moments into inside jokes you'll be laughing about for years. And now share a Coke is making those moments even sweeter This time. It's not just about sharing a Coke with one person. Nah, it's about sharing with the whole squad. Because what's better than drinking an ice cold Coke sharing one with the people you love most. Whether you're kicking it at a cookout, vibing at game night, pre-gaming before a night out, or just hanging and catching up. There's a Coke with your name on it. Or better yet, your nickname on it from friend bro bestie and girl. It's to classic names like Sarah Riley and David. These cans and bottles are for your people. But it's bigger than just having a name on a can. It's about uplifting friends and celebrating real connections. It's about appreciating the moments that matter, the road trips, the late night talks, the big wins. And even the Ls we take together. It's about the little things, the inside jokes, the group chats, the remember that time when moments that turn into the best stories because Coke is here for all of it. To make sure you enjoy those moments with people who matter most. Because sharing a Coke isn't just about what's in the bottle. No. It's about the laughs, the love, the connections that keep us together. So go on, grab a Coke and raise it up and turn a regular day into a memory. But don't wait too long because these limited cans and bottles won't be around forever. Next time you're with your people, don't miss your chance to share a Coke because the best moments are meant to be shared.


Hey, What up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousins latest overshared. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bowles premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, add to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been. Because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


A lot of products say they're clean, but what does that really mean? At Ritual, we have very high standards for what clean really means. Like for our bestselling essential prenatal multivitamin, which is heavy metal tested, clean label, project certified and GMO free, it features key mom to baby ingredients like folate for neural tube support, choline for baby's brain development, and Omega-3 for brain and vision support. But our high standards don't stop there. All of the ingredients in our essential prenatal multivitamin are sourced through our made traceable supply chain. So it's clear where they come from and why they're there. Because clean isn't clean enough. Especially during pregnancy shop ritual for the support you deserve with 25% off at ritual.com/prenatal, these statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.


You Learn. So anything from me, they want you to be heated, they want you to get mad, they want you to attack your ally. Right? But why can't I pull you to the sign and go, can I say this? Can I say Yeah, yeah. Okay. Hey bitch, what the fuck's going on? Mm. You in this, right? What you trying to do? How can we help each other? But for me, I just want to live a better life. I just want the opportunities. I'm already walking in with my fist balled up because I'm a black female comedian and everybody wanna say it's not fair. Of course it's not fair. You should be doing theaters alone. You should be doing stadiums alone. You should be doing movies.


All of us Tiffany had Monique, all of us should be working together and doing movies together. But the industry don't see the black woman as valuable yet. Hmm. Am I right? Yeah, that's Right. But you but you shouldn't have to walk into a building with your, your fist palm. Right. We should all be walking with our fist palm to make sure that we protect you. Yeah. But my fist is balled up because of an alleged slight. And that's the same thing in relationships. A bra might bring in everything that the last dude Did, but He come pretty charlamagne. Which I was trying to get you back long time ago when you was a radio sidekick. I was gonna get you. I was going She lovely show. Thank you baby. Drink that.


I see you in the bathroom. I see you in the bathroom. I'm confused with your title. With Shaha and Charlemagne. They different Style. I I sell everything God have made on the buffet of love. You Know, You know, guys, listen, come on butter scotch. What Doing whatcha doing? You know all women like butter scotch. Come on. Come on baby de Damn right. That's right. Come on. That she said your name as in her phone words is That's right. That's right. But my fist was balled up because there were things like not being able to get on certain TV shows being blocked by who you think should be your ally. Right. Or I, I was I You have the women blocking you. Yeah. And I have a strident personality as well.


You know, I walk in a boss. Yeah, I will. 'cause when you are a female comic, you are the boss. You are everything. So when I walk in, sure. Can you do, no, I cannot read this right here. Just like when I did, what was the, what was the movie that Lisa Ray? Jamie Fox Players Club. Yeah. Okay. So they called me because in my past I was doing a little sexual interpretive dance. Okay. On the side. The one you The Stripper. She No, the part that ade took, you know, I Got, I'm too short to be do That wouldn't have been a good movie at all. Y'all would've, y'all would've walked out on The bootleg If I She. Huh? What was your s stripper Name? I didn't have no s stripper name. This is what it was. You know I'm from Chicago, right? Yeah. You Know Cheryl stripping right?


Right there. It's, but you know, I grew up in Chicago. So I was going to UIC They had an ad in the paper where you was go. It was was it Was, it was linger. The added the paper S right Daniel? It was Lingerie modeling. Okay. It was lingerie modeling. And it was where you come out with the lingerie. It was in a tavern, a family den. It was in a tavern on Stony Island. Oh yeah. And you come out with the lingerie on Yeah. I I nah, but I know it's old. Yeah, for real. Was a tavern in there. Right. And I'm not a great heel walker. So I came out and everything And I got it on. But damn, you Had everything against you. Everything. Everything was against you. Everything. He was in the salon That, you know What?


You That's right. With Gun smoke. Listen, Fest this James on listen, you better come Out Rifle man. Chap kind. Right. Fo roots. When we start Hating him, man, listen, damn Jesus, I'm in the, I'm in the trying to get the money Right. Because I'm trying to go to college. Right. So I come out, but God let you know what you ain't supposed to do. Right. So I come out And I know I'm not good at this, but them other girls, they doing it. They stripping. Yeah. Because they buy the lingerie and then you supposed to strip it off. Right. Yeah. But I'm, I'm not good. I'm garbage at this. Right. Yeah. So I start telling jokes and acting crazy and falling out the shoot Off stage. No, you have to walk around the tavern in the, to buy it.


The dude to buy it. So them, them hood dudes, you know, hood dudes like, oh, oh, oh, oh, you, you crazy. You crazy. Yeah. You need to go home. You need to go home. You not this rock. Damn. So they start paying me for that. Oh. And that and that's, and that's how they were like, listen, you funny and you smart. And then that's when I started having an affinity for the street, dude. Yeah. And I, I talked for the street dude. I hang out with the street dudes, you know, and street dudes have backed me up in life. So, like you say, I didn't have to fight for myself because the street dude was always willing to step up. Yeah. What's my point to this? I like doing nightclub comedy 'cause my voice was relaxed, but I like to sprinkle a little politics. A little spirituality. But it's 95% sexuality. Got Kyle Herby, Mike Washington on the show.


So we can have some fellas on the show. Yeah. Do I wanna grow to doing casinos and theaters? Yeah. I wanna put shows together. It's a house party inside a comedy club. I would love for us Yeah. To work together. Yeah. You know, I, I'm the host in the headliner, but we've got to find a way to make our own content with these fellas. I agree. And and we have the platform to do it. Yeah. And it, and, and trust me, yo, it is not the 'cause we ain't sitting around waiting for nobody to do do it no more. That's, that's the best thing about today's times. Like I, I've been sad, you know how like back, back then, you know you had the Harlem Nights, right? Yes. But I feel like it could be something like that now. Not even with just, I got the script. Okay. I got the, I got the script when I went through what I went through hearing what I heard on the call.


Remember I talked about the certain members of the Queens of Comedy dialing in on the call. Yeah. And I really wanted to thank them. People criticize me. Why would you say that on CBS? Because you didn't hear the part where I said thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you for letting me see what I needed to work on in me. Right. So I wrote a story, wrote about three to five pages. I had a script commission And I said I want to do this with all of us. Everything I produce through my company has comics in it because nobody's putting us to work. Yeah. We have to hope that somebody fall out of a job. Yeah. To get a job. And I wanna be able to make a movie in six weeks. Let's do it like they did in the seventies. Hell yeah. Let's make these movies. Let's put 'em out there.


Let's use the platform to promote and let's pay our mortgages. Let's feed our families. Let's get our retirement together while we buy property, while we change people's life and put kids through school. And if you don't wanna go to school, let's give you a trade. That's right. Let's put you in music. Let's get you in art. Let's do everything that was done for us. Yeah. But we fund it. If you are wearing $250,000 around your neck, but you have not given any money to A HBC Uhmm. That's right. Don't come to me when you in trouble. That's right. Right. Because once they get ready to use what they watched you do, 'cause they'll watch you do something and they'll let you keep doing it where you think you golden until they need you to be dismissed.


There you go. There you go. So for me, And I'm gonna get off my soapbox because I'm trying to sell these tickets. I wanna produce content. Yeah. I'm not an actor. And people say, well you did beauty shop. That was a blessing. That was a blessing of something that I could do. And Sherry Shepherd helped me understand making a movie. Queen lafa allowed me to ad-lib. Yeah. All of that Monkey bread, eh? Yeah. Making, she allowed me to ad-lib. None of that was in the script. Mm. But what do I wanna do now? I wanna make content. I wanna be the person to go, okay Jess, I love your idea, but you didn't even read it all. I don't have to read it all. I know you're talented. I'm gonna give you a shot. Your dream does not die for my dream to live. Walk down the business of fast. There's a white dude down there. Right. You gonna put some paperwork on you and let's get to work. That's right. We get to work Monday.


Do, because I'm already, that's what I want already Selling out casinos and theaters and all that. The only thing left for me is the stadiums. And so let's produce this content. So absolutely. I can get there to do that. Absolutely. You Know, so we can do That. Absolutely. We need to be doing reality shows. Yeah. Why are we not doing reality shows with female comedians in it? And I love the fact that some female comedians, I don't mess with she under boy. Well first of all, I ain't did nothing to you because I'm gonna tell you what your show did. There was about to be some lawsuits flying and people came on your show on The Breakfast Club and told the truth about it. The truth is the ultimate defense. What was, what Happened? Oh, you better go back and look at your footage. 'cause I ain't trying to bring nothing. It's Always a breakfast club interview that got you better. Go back and look at your Footage.


When somebody said was this, when I was here, was this pre, So this was Back in the day. So now I wanna hear You. Don't mess with you. Don't mess with me. And my thing is, I don't care if you don't mess with me, I'm gonna walk up to you in love because one day I gotta face to master. Yeah. And I want him to say serving. Well done. Why? Because somebody said they done mess with you. I'm not, I'm not gonna be no sucker. I'm not gonna be no Gump. I'm, I'm, you know what I'm saying? But I will walk up to you. How you doing? You know, why don't we work together? Yeah. You know, or why don't we do something? Or, I got an idea. I've been in auditions where I didn't know you wasn't supposed to do this. I've been in auditions where they was like, well sure read these sides. Well first of all, before I read anything, I'm really not good for this part. But you know who is good for this part?


My enemy Is perfect for this part. Heard person. Nobody doing that. I would name the person And I would go, go get that person. Or I'll give up a phone number. You don't really want me to do this show here. Call this person right now. Don't tell 'em it's me. 'cause they gonna turn it down. Go get this person and get this money. Not 'cause I'm trying to be noble because I just feel like I'm trying to Right every wrong that I've done spiritually. And if you don't mess with me, let's sit down and squash it. Or let's get paid to squash it. Yeah. On The good Reality show. Am I right? That's right. You saying a lot good stuff. You saying a lot of good stuff. But I googled Cheryl Underwood wearing lingerie and ain't nothing come up. Come back in with, because that was the T names.


We barely polar. She just said she just started her, she made her debut. I thought would be up. I thought something would be up. See something you I got one. No, I got one in a leotard. I was sexy back then. Is it the leopard leotard? No, this is You underwear I send you. I'll send you the leopard. And then I had some, I I did some aids, anti aids posters. Matter of fact I took those. I don want that, that did that photo shoot. Oh No, no, no, no, No. They were sexy. They were sexy. What is that? Because I was trying to push condoms because I was trying to push condoms. Push condoms. I was trying to push condoms in a sexy way because my act is super sexual. You know me. Yes. Yes. I got one good move. I got one good move. Now if you trying to make church on time, don't stop me.


I don't like The anti because you, I think you a beautiful woman, Cheryl. Anti poster. I'm thinking like, oh No, it was sexy. It was Put somebody in that mission. It was safe sex. I'm saying we was trying to put safe sex as matter of fact my father was alive and my father was like, so this what you're trying to do is he called me his son. 'cause I'm his first born. He said, this is what you trying to do. And I was, And I no, my father old school like, come on old school. Like, like a month party. Yes, that's right. And my dad would say, you know what, you know what? Don't let nobody tell you you're not pretty. Why? 'cause you look just like your dad. And I was like, well, I don't know if that's a good thing, a bad thing, You know? And really who I'm doing on stage is my father and my oldest brother.


Wow. Oh my father. Funny. Oh my, my father say wild stuff. Like, I don't know. Can I say they word you gonna beef them out? Are y Heard what Gale King just said? You say, Okay. What, what? Okay. Give what Gail King said already then thank him. Okay, listen. I Love the fact that Gail done turned into a goon. I I love She's 70. She ain't got no care in The World. She don't care who checking her. Yeah. But listen, I wanna be, we wanna be making that Gayle King money. I know. Yeah. Love sign. I don't know if I wanna go in space. You know, I'm, I'm cool, you know. Nah, she boy She got Too much money. Right? That's when But would you do it if they, if they said no, I wouldn't Go in space. I I think space is for space and Earth is for earth. I'm good. Yeah. I think I'll be good. Okay. Because I don't do nothing neither.


I'm doing the Tom join a fantastic voyage cruise. Me and my doctor trying to go on there. Ooh. I'm doing that. Well I'm doing that because we're gonna talk about relationships and everything and my doctor's gonna come on And I want people to ask questions. I would love for somebody to do segments where we really talk about healthcare. We really talk about the new things that are out there. Yes, ma'am. Because everybody eating healthy and walking is not going to do it. If you've been tearing up your body for years, for years, you need medical care. And we need to be making these pharmaceutical companies and making it more reasonable for us. But yeah, I'm going on there. But I love what the foundation is doing for HBCUs because I have my own foundation PAC Wrap foundation for education. And I have a sports initiative for young boys.


So I'm, I'm going back through my Rolodex of everybody I was kicking it with and go, well now that you married, gimme some money for my foundation. You know what I'm talking about? But I, we just Found this what he said. Samo says, SAMO says Sheryl Underwood has ulterior motives. I don't rock with her like that. I'm not phony. I saw that. That's What you tell me now. But, but she, she did admit that there was a phone call. Hmm. She admitted that there was a phone call. I Remember Adele said she wanted, didn't Adele said she wanted to sue y'all for something. Okay. Now much. See, put two and two together, you ain't gonna get five. You see what I'm saying? Okay. So, And I wasn't, I wasn't mad about that because you could go viral for a negative thing or a positive thing. Right.


And so when it was coming out and everybody, I'm Sue, I'm Sue, I'm gonna sue. Truth is the ultimate defense. I didn't, and And I, I said based on my recollection, I'm not against you. I would love for me and some more. And and Adele and, and Monique and and Justin, all of us and Tiffany, all of us work together and make a movie. I would love us to make a so opera. I would love Badass stomachs to be hurting if they have a movie with all us in it like that. Yeah. We fighting, we doing that. That's crazy. The script I got. Oh, we fighting, we doing everything. Make love everything We doing what the dudes do in they movies. Yeah. But if we can get the financing, that's the key. Because people think they gonna lose money. Why a woman will pay to see a male coming with her man sometime men don't wanna come 'cause they think it's going be an hour and a half of bashing.


Right. Yeah. We gonna tap you a little bit. But my show is created for the male audience where the females will learn. Yeah. Because I'm sitting with your dude. I Thought we would've saw more of that after Girls Trip. Girls tripped did over a hundred million dollars. Right. You Know. But why do you think it didn't happen? I really don't know. Well I don't, I really don't know. I thought, I thought that that would make sense for people to start doing more of that. Just because Girls, they duplicate and, And I would say as a business person, sometimes I'm not saying take less money 'cause you think you less than. Yeah. But I'm saying sometime your cost, if it and, And I look at it like this. So I want people to call in criticize me. Just like when I was on Club sha and people criticize me for things. You got a right to say what you feel as long as you stay listening.


Exactly. Time spent listening. That's what I need you to do. But here's to catch. If you are not making any money, so then you get a shot or a job offer and then you ask for your catch up money, you trying to catch up to all the money you didn't make, then you close the door on them hiring us because your price is too high. You, you see what I'm saying? Yeah. Sometime you got to be a cost effective, not cost prohibitive. When I go for a job now people say, well do you think you're gonna make the same money you was making at CBS? Absolutely not. I got blessed. Somebody saw me on CBS And I think they saw me on the View doing political humor. Right. Then I got a call. Nowhere do you hear, somebody gets a phone call, avoids the phone.


Call Steve Harvey goes bitch call him back. 'cause me and Steve chop it up like that. We've been friends for years. Right. So I call back, I go to a meeting and in seven, two hours you have a job. Wow. That you keep from season two to season 15. That's god And that's also being ready for the opportunity. Yeah. And then I can show that if I can do it, Jess can do it. If I can do it, Tiffany can do it. If I can do it, Monique should be able to be on the show. Lonnie Love. Yeah. Where's Lonnie Love with all of that experience, right? Yeah. Sherry Shepherd. We gotta help Sherry keep that show in the air. Jennifer Hudson everybody. Yeah. Because the industry is not like it used to be. And and that's partially the dismantling of Urban Radio. Why music ain't the same.


Right. So now they're saying, well I'm not gonna make a video. You gotta do it yourself. Okay I'll do it myself. But how do I make a certain amount of money? Now everybody wants to talk about streaming. Yeah. And the finances of streaming. But then you think somebody gets this. What I'm saying is we need to go back to what we used to do, learn the business, work with them while we create. Oh. Because they gonna come and buy you from you when you come open a briefcase like Hawaii five oh and gimme my money. You see what I'm saying? Yeah. And we can do this and you all are part of helping us do this because we have to be able to promote. I want people to buy tickets to the club. I want younger people to come in, but I'm really an old school act. Yeah. What about us?


Everybody always forgets about the 40 somethings and the 50. Absolutely. Absolutely 60 somethings. But Once you get to a well placed oral sex joke, A young dude being okay. Old lady, what they call Auntie Og still getting head And I'm still throwing it And I amm still throwing it. She's performing this week in New Brunswick. Hold on. I stress gonna be a distress factor but make sure you go What we miss. We miss because it ain't, I come back Want Gale King on CBS Now What in the faggotry are you talking about? Oh yeah, I listen And I love when Gail, she got that cool corporate voice but something gully come out her mouth.


Yeah. That's the, that's the kind gale that I wanna slap and go, lemme see what's in yo. That ain't ice tea. That's, that's yet. Then she came back with a what does that mean? Right When she like, you don't know What it means. You a journalist. You knew exactly. You done saying that three, four times. Stop playing. You say that you Pat stop playing Gail like this. She knew what she was saying man. You know I was thinking Gail knew. You might not know what the infantry mean but you know what the dike tree mean Because I ain't know if Gail was, you know. Well listen, I don't believe that. Let me tell you something Is going on. That's a good point. Just bring up because they've been saying Gail, part of that community for so long, her Oprah, that she should be able to use that word.


That's what I'm saying. Listen, everybody, they try to say, first of all there is something to be said about once you make a lot of money and you get famous, then everybody's talking about that's what you are. 'cause you don't see what I'm doing. Look, I creep on the low. You know I go through three hotels at one time. Listen, meet me in the lobby of this one. We gonna get in the cab, we gonna go down to this one. That's right. But we not gonna stay. We gonna go out the back then I don want you to go around the corner. Now you gotta drive another car. I don't want everybody knowing my business. Yeah. So people were trying to say I was, it's worth all that. Sure. But they were saying that I was. And I I what is it Worth all that though? Whoa. You Tell it's it's alright. Emini here. I no, I tell the truth Now before we before you, Cheryl, lemme take you out to dinner first. I tell you it's garbage below the waist. Garbage. I ain't got move above the neck.


Fire late for work. Late for work. You're late for work. Okay. You'll be mad. You be mad. You be like, what day is it? And I and my kidney is gone and my, my wisdom. You took my wisdom tooth out. Put You down. I put, I put you down. I make you call me. I'll make you call me. And I don't need a full face of makeup. I know when I did a good job. When they don't care whether I got a wig or makeup on it. I just need to see you. I bet you do. I bet you do. I know, I know what I, I know know what I'm doing. But I but fair exchange ain't no robbery. Now I'll tell you the truth. You want this. It's not good. You have to find somebody good. I'm at the top. I'm not at the, I'm not about. And see I would hang out with Gail 'cause she said she looking for somebody but she's gonna have a hard time.


Why You say that? Why Successful women are gonna have a hard time because some men think we don't need you. Mm. I need you. I need you. You can work at the gas station And I need you. Why? 'cause I know I'm getting honey buns. I'm gonna get barbecue chips and a full tank of gas. I was raised saying And then I'm gonna motivate you to buy the gas station you working? Mm. And then I'm gonna motivate you to buy more gas stations. That's right. If that's what you wanna do. Now, if you cool working at the gas station, I'm make sure your shirt is fresh and iron Nate. 'cause your real name is Nathaniel. I'm gonna make sure. But I always say Nate, I'm sure I'm make sure your shirt is ready. Gimme some Sugar now go work at the gas station.


I'm gonna scoop around, get me a tank of gas. I need that 91 octane baby. There you go. And I see you later. And and see and niggas and people be wondering why these young niggas be liking these older women now listen what she just Said. Brandon been over there blushing the whole time. Trying to do Wait a minute. Who on your show? No. Oh boy. Oh boy. What's his name? What's his name? He's in all the commercials now. Big dude. Big dude. Druski. Yeah. Yeah. Listen, everybody was blowing my phone. Druski trying to hit, I was like where at? Oh yeah. Y'all know Cheryl, what's her name? Cheryl? She dark-skinned lady.


Cheryl Underwood. Cheryl Underwood. She got that thing. Cheryl. Cheryl Underwood? Yeah. Did. Yeah. He said he wanted to how She was up, she Underwood. Everybody was calling me going Juicy said he want hit. I said be well let's call him. Tell him what's up you Indiana. I'm in this city. No I don, I don't know how to do all that. Man. Who the hell be DMing me from your page all the damn time. Oh wow. Oh that be me. Wait a minute, But you on Instagram. Wait, wait a minute. Lemme tell you what happened. Remember I said is this still you? Yes. Because I'm secret. Is this still you? She wanted to make sure like I'm not shout, I need to come on your shout. Damn Yo. She think yo, she act like you got a different number or something.


She asked you would this still you, this still work like you So yes. I'm gonna tell I'm I'm gonna connect you and Druski. Okay. But listen, no y'all need to, what y'all need to do? We need to meet up somewhere. Y'all need to film it. See it's not just documented. Oh yeah. And I think now I need to get that kiss goodnight. 'cause I, I like the kiss. I don't realize to do nothing Now you know me and Fla, he escorted me to the BET Comedy Awards Awards Daddy Flavor Fla. Yeah. Escorted me and he was like, you know he thought he was just doing it, you know being dashing and everything. Yeah. But then when I did my set, the one that LA cool J performed on way back in that day A when I had my little Mako, my outside Mako and one of the Wayan brothers had me in the corner. He was rapping to the beat. And I said, you know this is she Underwood right?


And he was like, Cheryl, I was like, yeah man, you still trying to holler. You know what I'm saying? Because you know, usually I don't look. Yeah. You know but I got the best Dale McDonald Best Glam man three Emmys to my one. So anyway I, you know, I was trying to get my, get myself together and you know I be texting people And I don't know if people really like me. Right. You gotta figure out do you really like me because I'm not gonna throw it out there If you don't like me and if you like me then let's go out now if you wanna film it, film it. So me and Flav get together, I do my set. Then he's like, well come to the after party. I said no I'm going home. Go to bed. He said No, come to the after party. We have to go. This dude was getting drinks, everything. He was shivers everything. So I was like, okay it's time for me to go, you know, I said goodnight.


And he was like goodnight. And so he moved in for the movie And I said, all you buying them drinks? Mm Bought a lot of drinks and I'm still standing. Okay. And we kissed goodnight. And I was like, what? Damn. We said favor. We said favor. Trade exchange. What you say? Fake exchange ain't a robbery. Fair exchange Ain't robbery. It ain't no robbery. You trying to holler at me. But he was dashing for me. You get me on Dashing handsome a man. Hmm. Right. I'm I like a baby de balls. But people think why would you mess with fla? Right. He was dashing, he was handsome And I felt it was an appropriate goodnight kiss. Hmm. It don't mean we gonna be there together because you may not like me. You might just have a feeling. You know what I'm saying? If you got the feeling, what you wanna do after this? There you go.


Druski, don't you get scared? Yeah, I'm putting the pressure on. Don't get scared, But we gonna have to come back here and y'all gonna have to let the cameraman follow us. You know, figure it out because we hit the Red Lobster in Times Square. And, and and Tell Apart ain't gonna be no more Crab Legs. Better Do. So he better do something other than Red Lobster. No, We trying to help the brother. We trying to help the brother. I'm amazed. Red Lobster. If you go to my Instagram page, I've been going to Red Lobsters with people all over the country with Deuce. If you wanna date me And I'm in the city and there's a Red Lobster, I like to go on Thursday night 'cause I need to get some sleep due, the promotion on Friday. But I wanna go into the Red Lobster 'cause we gotta bring that back as the popping spot. Yeah. We gotta help this brother. Right. We we gotta talk to the brother over at Lows.


We got the brother that's running Lowe's. We ain't talked to you. If you are on the list, we need to talk to you. Cheryl And I wrong. If you get anything from this conversation today, that's what we gotta do. Bring community support each other. We need community Back. That's right. That's right. Okay. So when I'm coming back, when I come back whenever you want. Listen, I, I ain't trying to take a, a position. Oh girl, I I I just try to get in 'cause I need another job. Somebody Try to do that. Well nah, I don, I don. Mm. I don't get down like that. I don't get down and you don't train your replacement. I got jokes about that too. Somebody walk up, teach me how to run a copy machine. That's a copy machine. Hmm. I thought that was a Ven machine. I ain't never seen. You want to do what? Mix Mingle. Mix Mingle, mix, mix tickets. Stress Factory in New Brunswick this Friday That get your tickets and go to go to That's it.


That's me and fla. Okay. And Look, look, look at that. That's a makeover. You look good Guys. Yeah, that's a makeover right there. Be Listen to me. No, no, no. And I was trying to get him because two chaka people usually don't get together. Yeah. No. But he had all his skin was the same color. I was like, I'll here. No, you don't look like loyal yacht. Loyal yacht. Look like you. Yes. Well you know what, I would love to meet, I would love to meet him and chop it. Yacht and everything. Absolutely. But let's see what we gonna do. 'cause I, I need, I need another check. I need to make some money. We got you. Anytime. I'll come to New York. Come on up Once a month. I come once a month. Come on up. Whatever you want. Once a month. We need talk politics too. Let's do it. Let's do It's The Breakfast Club. It's The Breakfast Club. That's right. Wake that ass up in the morning.


The Breakfast Club.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. It doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with your favorite people.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


A lot of products say they're clean. But what does that mean? Ritual has high standards for what? Clean means. Like their essential prenatal multivitamin, which is heavy metal tested, clean label, project certified and GMO free. It features key mom to baby nutrients like folate, choline, and Omega-3. Clean isn't clean enough, especially during pregnancy. Get 25% off at ritual.com/prenatal. These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.


Yo K-Pop fans, are you ready? Is your boy Bohan And I'm bringing you the K factor, the podcast that takes you straight into the heart of K-pop. We're talking music idols, exclusive interviews, and even the real behind the scenes K-pop stories. Plus you, the fans, you're part of the show and you can get a chance to jump in, share your opinions, and be part of the conversation like never before. And trust me, you never know where we might pop up next. So listen to the KF Factor starting on April 16 on iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This isn't just a podcast, is it? K-Pop experience? Are you in? Let's go. Let's go. Go. Go.