
Life is an act of constant reinvention. That's true for you, And for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available features compatible device service, And consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe. And legal subject to third party service availability For More information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic And weather conditions.


Hey, It's Meet Tyler, both open Air Words or Ty. The color It looks almost Like. A earring I. Feel Like It could go with anything. The music I'm making right now feels Like. A holiday I. Wanna look Like It too. Check out bs.com for More.


A Kia SUV is capable of taking you far. But when you use It locally to help your community, you go even further. Whether that's carrying cargo, bringing your team with you, Ready, or navigating new terrain, power up your capability with the right Kia. SUV Do More with the Kia Sportage, Kia Telluride, Kia Sorento, or Kia STOs Kia movement. That inspires. Call 803 3 3 4 Kia for details. Always strive safely.


This Election season, the stakes are higher than ever. I. Think the choice is clear in this Election. Join me, Charlemagne to God for we the people in Audio Town Hall, where Vice President Kamala Harris And, you live from Detroit, Michigan, exclusively on iHeartRadio. They'll tackle the tough questions, depressing issues in the future of our nation. We May not see eye to eye on every issue, but America, we are not going Back. Don't miss this powerful conversation with Vice President Kamala Harris. Tomorrow AT 5:00 PM Eastern, 2:00 PM Pacific. On the free iHeartRadio app, hip Hop Beat station.


Curious about queer sexuality. Cruising And. Expanding your Horizons Hip play on the sex positive And, deeply entertaining podcast. Sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez And. Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex cruising relationships. And culture in the new iHeartPodcasts. Sniffy Cruising Confessions. S Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden Minds And help you pursue your true goals. you can listen to S Sniffy Cruising Confessions, sponsored by Gilead. Now on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday.


Wake That ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. It's Charlemagne, the guy We are The Breakfast. Club. Jess is on maternity leave. So Lauren LaRosa is filling in And. We got a special guest in the building. Big money in the building. Big, Big money in the building. Wow. Big B Robert Kraft is here. He, he said he has a nickname. He said, I'm God you envy. Right? Lauren is single. So what are you? What you know? What do you, Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you single. I'm a newlywed. What are you? But, but here's the deal. we I. I have a new football coach. And. We had this big introduction And Talking about Gerard Mayo.


Gerard Mayo. First black coach for the Patriots Know And. He's awesome. And. He calls me Young Thundercat. Young Thundercat. So you can call me RKK or Young Thundercat as he addresses It. Okay, And. He started calling me That back in Oh eight when we drafted him. So I've known him for, you know, Like. 15 years. And, Why did Thundercat was a fan of the cartoon, or I'm gonna let you ask him. That, he's the one who named me. It had to come from somewhere. What did you see from Gerard That made you hire him as the first black head coach of the Patriot.


We. you know, I saw him come in on our team as a 10th pick. We picked him in the first round. And. That was actually AT the time, the highest pick we had ever had since I. Own the team. Hmm. That was in Oh eight And. The second year he was with I. Think he got voted defensive. Rookie of the year, you know, number one, And. Then in his second year with us, he got elected. Captain And guys voted for him, who had won Super Bowls. Wow. So It told me something. That, he could get respect of people. That, you know, And in locker rooms.


I I watched little things, And. Anyhow, he played for us for the next seven years. Or he was with a, he played eight years And. Then he left us And, went in the private industry, worked in private industry, you know, reached back out. And said he really wanted to get into coaching And. He coached us three, four years, And. So the varied experience was special. Now I've taken 27 missions to the Holy Land. Mainly Christians, And athletes who haven't seen the country. How About Israel?


Pardon? Israel, yes. know And. When we were there, we had a group of athletes. And, we were delayed. AT the airport. And, I. Think there were Like Over 20. He organized them in the airport. He got a discussion going. And showed just unique leadership. you know, And in life, when you're hanging with people, you know, you connect for different reasons. And, the, the light went off. And. I said, anyone That can relate light this to young people. 'cause the World is different than I bought the team 31 years ago.


Wow. And, you know, I've watched the transition of players, the impact of social media, how you relate. It's different. you gotta adapt. And. I just thought he had something special. And I respected I called my eldest son from the Holy Land. That night. And I said I. Think I got our next head coach. Wow. Wow. What, what That was five years ago. What Still excites you? I mean, you, you, you did the Super Bowl thing. you owned all different types of teams. you are a philanthropist. you travel around the World. What? Still You are rich as shit. We, I was gonna say That Point. know We, no I'm not. I'm comfortable. What Know.


Right. Version of comfortable if shit version of comfortable. We are poor And know. Lemme hold something comfortable. know. Lemme hold It comfortable Know. Can I tell you something? And. It's why, you know, today we launched a Campaign to stop all hate Time Out. Why? Why know? Timeout Against. But why did I do It? 'cause I was a kid who lived in a walkup apartment. If, you know, I went to college on a full scholarship. I went to graduate business school on a full scholarship, didn't have a car choice 25. And I dreamt big And I had my dreams.


And I was able to make a number of them come true. Like I Lo I own an NFL franchise in my hometown. you know, I had a greater chance of being a starting quarterback in the NFL. There were 32 quarterbacks, And, some of these teams don't sell for a hundred years. But I did the things along the way. I had to do And. We started a little paper And packaging Company 52 years ago. We're in a hundred And, 27 countries today know And. It's all because of our country. And opportunities for anyone who wants to take advantage of It, And, I. See things changing.


And, you know, that's why I started this Campaign. It seems Like. You've always, we in More, recent times, It seems Like. You've been involved in public service. Has That always been your thing? Have you always been involved in community issues, And, what's going on in Society? Yes. I was privileged to have great parents. I was a sort of a wild kid, a middle child. And I had a mom, And dad, who gave me great love. But my mom really disciplined me. Thank God, And. you know, if you're blessed to have one or two parents who give you good love, And discipline, that's worth More than financial resources for you to operate in the World because he gives you a strong foundation.


But to answer your question, I had a dad who, while he didn't have material riches, he was the greatest man I ever knew. Because he was spiritual And. He left me an ethical will. And. He said, when you go to bed AT night, make sure the people you've touched That Day are richer for having known you. Wow. And. He, even though he had modest income, he taught me a rule. He said, you always give 10% of whatever your income is away as a minimum to people who are More needy. Oh. Wow. And the only you know, he was a great man.


And. The only thing I ever heard my parents argue about And was about money. Because he was so good. He, he never was able to accumulate. But he, he was just, I was blessed to have That legacy. So I, ask all of all of us out there who are privileged to have kids, to invest That time, And energy And try to give similar values. That's Right. Now, when did you I don't wanna say when did you realize, but a lot of times people with a lot of money don't understand how bad It is for other people because they're never there. But you on the other hand, are completely opposite.


Like, you, you do things That most people don't do. We seen you do It with Meek. We see you do It with all these other organizations. Why We It goes back to my dad. But I mean the, the quality That we've lost in society today is empathy. you know, we don't listen to the what's going on, And. Look, that's why I think your show is amazing. I don't know. you connect with four, 5 million people, you give a message. Eight. But Who's counting 8 million? Maybe it's 12. And. They're underreporting. There you go. know So they don't have to pay you for those ads. That's right the way they should. That's probably the case.


But think about It. you are relating in a way, That, people can connect And. Your messaging connects And. What's happened in the World today is people aren't caring about other people. And. Look, I don't, I don't know what it's Like to walk in a room. And be a man of color or a woman of color. And how people treat you. And what your psyche is. How you have to act. And, It, you know, It, it's gotta be difficult. In many ways, That white people don't understand or don't empathize with.


But we have, we as society have to understand That, And have to, we're all human beings. We had no choice the way we came into this World, you know, And, if If, you were blessed to have one or two good parents, you know, that's the greatest. But if not, you know, we gotta, the thing That bothers me now is people are just going in their own lanes. And not opening up. And, especially social media is creating That. Where, you know, people just talk to one another in a way, you know, how did I build my businesses?


I would relate to someone who is much different than I. And. I had to listen to what That person was saying. And, maybe change my way. Or go to the where That person is thinking, And, then it's the only way you can do big things. But today, people aren't doing That. They're just going in their own lanes. And, staying with the similar people. We gotta change That. I agree. What do you think the difference is? What's the difference between Timeout, Against, Hate And, your nonprofit, the foundation to combat antisemitism? We, you know, I started this foundation of command anti-Semitism back in 2019.


'cause I saw what was going on in Charlotte v And, 17 guys carrying signs saying, Jews or blacks won't replace us. And. Then in 19, the tree of life in a synagogue, you know, you have someone come, And shoot And, kill people. Think about going to church. Church is a place where you have some kind of spiritual connection. And, you don't feel safe in the United States of America. So I saw signs in 2019, what was going on in Nazi Germany in the thirties. And, I don't want America to be what Germany was in the forties.


So I started this foundation. 'cause It usually starts, the hate starts over the last a hundred years. If, you look AT history with Jewish people. And, then It goes to every group. Black, gay, Hispanic, Asian, you name It And. Look, this country was great to me. We, you know, we've had a lot of improprieties. The think of the way people of color have been treated crazy human. The whole concept of slavery. I mean in, in the modern World, I can't believe That people did.


That And. So we have to make It, right? And build bridges. And, those of us That are privileged to be able to do things. And pay our bills. We gotta find ways to build bridges. And, bring people together. And, this country with all its faults is still the greatest country in the World. Think about It. We elected a man of color as president. 10. There's no other western country that's done That. So, with all our faults, And, we still gotta correct a lot of things. And, I. Think the most injustices have been done to people of color.


you know, you mentioned Meek. Can I just say this? 'cause of course know I mean I had developed a no one believes Meek And I are really friends. And I had developed a relationship with him through a mutual friend, Michael Rubin And. He started calling me And, asking me questions about how he could grow And prosper. And. Then he got thrown in jail for doing a wheelie. And. He invited me to visit him in jail. Now, I'd never been to a jail. And going And, visiting him in jail, changed my life.


I couldn't believe in the United States of America. We would take a guy. Look, he could be out earning millions of dollars, hiring employees, paying people's salaries. That could help their family. Paying taxes. Paying taxes, And our system, you know, because of bigotry is putting a guy in jail. It was great. And, when I met him, It really changed my life. He was nice And. He, he told me they fixed up the jail. When I, they painted It. They knew I was coming, which is crazy to me. And, he, he was nice.


I said, how come you don't have an edge? I'd be ticked. If. you know, And. He's used to It. He's not allowed to have an Edge. know, exactly know. He said I expected. It, And. Then, you know, I got into It. My, with my buddy And. I came out. By the way, And I spoke to the media after Listen More, he got outta jail. Two, three days later, And. He told me I made a difference. Not And, And. It just told me how screwed up our system was. And. We gotta change this whole bail And situation. And, because of That, a few of us got together, you know, Michael And, Jay-Z And, meek And, myself, And.


We started this reform alliance to try. We, we, we have to correct That system. It's a great injustice in America. I, I I. Agree. I. Wanna go back to something you said, though? 'cause you have donated money to Democratic politicians. you donated the, the most money to President Obama's Campaign outta all the NFL owners. But you talked about what happened in Charlottesville. You're also good friends with Donald Trump. And in 2017. you said Trump will be great for the economy. So how do you feel about him in 2024? Because he's fueled a lot of the, the, the, the dangerous things That have happened. That, you're talking about. Know we, let me just say I've been I. I'm a democrat. I've been I was head of the Democratic City Committee in Brookline.


And Newton And I ran Teddy Kennedy's reelection. Campaign with a young man called Tommy O'Neill in Boston, who was Tip O'Neill's son. And. I've always been democratic. Donald Trump became a social friend in the early nineties when I was going down to Florida And. Then when my wife, a blessed memory died 13 years ago, he was one of four or five people who reached out to me. And was really, really nice. I've ne the only donation I ever gave to him was he called me when he got elected.


And I made a strong donation to his inauguration. I couldn't believe It. It was Like. Having someone who's a drunk fraternity brother become President. I mean I couldn't believe That. you know, he was And. you know, And know I. Think he did things. I mean. I'll say this. Since I was very upset, what happened? January 6th, you led an insurrection to this country. know I. Pardon? I. Think he led an insurrection to this country. Know And. I haven't talked to him since then. I was gonna ask, did you reach out to him after That? Pardon? To have a conversation. Pardon? I was gonna ask, did you reach out to him after That to have a conversation?


'cause if you're upset, No, I was really upset. 'cause just Like, what's going on with our Campaign to stop. Hey, there are things going on in the country. I. Look, I can pay my bills. God's been good, except for losing my first wife. I'm one of the luckiest guys walking the planet. Wow. So I wanna build bridges, bring people together. you know, And having, owning the Patriots has, you know, I worked very hard to get It. There's a book called The Dynasty. That explains the whole story. But the biggest thing, That came to me because I used to sit in the stands And Dream about owning And.


What I do? And, you know, nine 11 happened. Four months later, we win the Super Bowl. A team called the Patriots in America wearing red, white, And blue uniforms. My dad thought That was a conspiracy back then. 'cause we're Cowboys fans, And. So we always say the Cowboys is America's team. And. I. Remember when y'all won the Super Bowl And? He was Like. This is a conspiracy. Nine 11 just happened. Does the NFL rigged this for the Patriots to win? We I understand. Dad's saying That. 'cause Cowboy fans are very loyal. But we're red, white, And blue.


Our name was the Patriots. Boston is a city of 600,000 people. What happened 24 hours later, one of the coldest days, I. Think It was February 3rd or fourth. A million And. A half people came to the streets of Boston. Gay people, black people, Asians, whites. Everyone came to celebrate the team. And. It just showed me the power of sport in a way. It's why, you know, with this Campaign to stop all hate our foundation. We worked hard. It's the first time in over a hundred years, all the sports leagues come, Shows Unity.


Shows Unity, know, unity, And. That's what we need. That's right. We're brothers, And sisters. I mean. We we're all, we didn't have any choice. How we're born, how we, what religion we're born, what skin color, how our eyes are shaped, what we look Like. That's right. But you know, we got a chance. you know, hopefully you're, you're born with good characteristics where you can function. And not have certain proclivities, That keep you from doing things. So I, just my life is about building bridges, giving everyone a chance. It's good business for us to have everyone who's born into this World to live their dreams.


I, gotta ask a question. you, you said you're a Democrat. Most people would assume You know That. you would be a Republican because of the tax breaks, And the money, And, And, That, And, And, all That, other stuff. So what, what made you say I wanna be a Democrat? What made you for the people? No, I was, that's how I got elected. When I was in my twenties, It was a very liberal community. And, they older people, And, they were fighting And. They picked me. 'cause I just I wanna build bridges. And, I thought. I'm, I'm a little disturbed with the Democratic party today. Why? We I think there's a group of progressives who have come in, That are not building bridges.


And, Listen, More, And. They're preaching hate. Just the same way. There never used to be an extreme Like That the way it's done on the right. And, you know, I think, you know, we need any, once you can pay your bills, you gotta work to try to If. you have your health. And can pay your bills. God's been good. you gotta then work to make the surrounding things around you. Good. you know, I love the way. A hundred years ago, the black And, Jewish, you know, Jewish people, their skin isn't black.


But after, you know, the discrimination to the Jewish community has been the same to black, except for the, we don't I don't know what it's Like to walk in a room. And have people look If. you, Like, That, Like. People might not know when I walk in a room. But I stay true to what my values And what I've been And, you know, try to be a good human being. Do you, you support, Are you supporting the Vice President? know I was gonna say, do you Like how you nominated her Campaign or I Haven't I've I haven't supported any political person since I've started this blue square.


Because I don't wanna be political. I want what's best for the country. And, actually, I'm, I'm really worried. Part of the reason we started this Campaign And It inaugurated today with these ads, That are gonna run. There's an ad that's gonna run on the game tonight. We just did a big INTERVIEW with NBC. That aired And And I CNN BC And. This is my second stop on a one of the biggest days And It comes outta respect to you all. And, your audience And the message we're trying to get out there.


Lemme ask you, if you're against bigotry And, you're against hate. Why would you choose not to be involved in the Election AT in this, in this year with somebody, Like Trump have an opportunity to be back in the White House. you said you didn't Like what he did on January 6th. Let an insurrection in this country. So why wouldn't you wanna be involved? Because when I started this foundation, And, as soon as you take a political position or state, you alienate 30%, 40% I, I, I. Don't, I don't have the answer. you know, I've met with the vice president's husband.


He's come And visited our I Hope one day. you, you all come. And. See our command center where we have a wall tied to 300 million websites all over the World And. We're watching trends. And, hate And. We're trying to monitor It And. you know, we've worked with Doug Moff on this. The White House has tapped him as leading in this effort. But once we take a side politically, then we alienate people. And, I don't want to I want everyone what we're preaching in our foundation, And, you look, we are able to get the seven Sports leagues And, nascar, which is MidAmerica And, a different I.


Don't know how many NASCAR fans are Listen More to your show. But we were able to bring them all together. And, they're all together preaching against hate, And, trying to keep civility. And still the greatest Co with all our faults in this country. We're the greatest country for opportunity. Look, look what you folks are doing with this show, but we gotta work. AT It. This Is my last political question. Why? So why tell people you're a Democrat then? Because I was shocked when you said That because of the fact you're an owner of the team. Of The pages. That's If. you can go back. And. Look, when I was 28 years old, I was elected chair That.


I'm, I'm probably an independent now. We. I have not I. When I don't I. I used to think I would run for political office. I had the privilege of being elected president of my class, senior class in high school, And then in college. And, I, love doing That. But then the More I got out. And trying to support my family. I saw That politics. There was too much phoniness. And just It wasn't something I wanted to devote my time to. So I decided I could have a bigger impact doing philanthropy.


Once I started making a few dollars, And And trying to be showing initiative as a businessman, doing my philanthropic things. And, trying to be creative. It's Like getting exposure to me. I, I'd never been to a jail. I told you And I saw the craziness. And That got us to start together with the partners. The Reform Alliance,


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces That Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features. Like wireless Apple call play And. A panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive And exciting And with new performance, And safety features. Like intelligent all-Wheel Drive. The Kicks is both fun. And safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan kicks. Only one question remains. Is It a new era for you? As we drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today available Features compatible device service, And consumer activation of Nissan Connect services Package required use only when safe And legal subject to third party service availability for More information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced in all conditions. Always monitor traffic, And weather Conditions.


Everyone loves getting good advice. And, staying in the know there's nothing Like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need or want. It, we thankfully, AT And T provides personalized recommendations, And solutions, so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you. And your family, or a product That makes sense for you. And your lifestyle. It feels good knowing That, AT And. T has your back. They take out all the guesswork, And the stress, letting you get back to simply doing you. Whether you're a dedicated entrepreneur, a multi multihyphenate creative, a busy parent, or all of the above, you deserve a service provider. That gets you And your needs. So relax And. Let AT And T provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


This Election season, the stakes are higher than ever. I Think the choice is clear in this Election, join me, Charlemagne, the God for we the people in Audio Town Hall, where Vice President Kamala Harris And, you live from Detroit, Michigan, exclusively on iHeartRadio. They'll tackle the tough questions, depressing issues, And the future of our nation. We may not see eye to eye on every issue, but America, we are not going back. Don't miss this powerful conversation with Vice President Kamala Harris. Tomorrow, AT 5:00 PM Eastern, 2:00 PM Pacific on the free iHeartRadio app, hip hop beat station.


Hey, it's Mike And Ian. We're the hosts of how to Do Everything From N P's. Wait, wait, don't tell me Each week we take your questions And. Find someone much smarter than us to answer Them questions. Like, how do you survive the Bermuda Triangle? How do you find a date inside the Bermuda Triangle? We can't help you, but we will find someone who can Listen to the How to Do Everything Podcast on iHeartRadio.


I Felt too seen, dragged. I'm NK And. This is Basket case. So I basically had what? Back in the day, they would call a nervous breakdown. I was crying And. I was inconsolable. It was just very big. Sudden swaps of different Meds. What is wrong with me? Oh. Look. If, you gimme therapy girl. Finally, a cha for the mentally ill girlies on basket case. I, talk to people about what happens. From what we call mental health is shaped by the conditions of the World we live in. Because If, you haven't noticed. We are experiencing some kind of conditions. That are pretty hard to live with. But If, you struggle to cope. The society That created the conditions in the first place will tell you there's something wrong with you. And It will call you a basket case. Listen to basket case. Every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


That, we should get a million people, you know, change their situation to give them a chance to get out in society. But we're doing That in other areas. And, once you get political, you alienate people. Are you And? Are You, go ahead, Finish. No, I'm sorry. No. I wanted to know. So by you saying you're not getting involved in an Election, That doesn't, are you going to vote though? Absolutely. Okay. you voted vote, but you just don't want to come out. And. Say who you're voting for. We can. Because when you do That, let me just say this, people from both sides. Both parties, right?


AT the top have reached out to us. And want us to be involved. And. I, don't I think we bring More value to this country? And to people who are needy by being in the position we're in. And, not I. I. I. Just I. Look. I. See, my ancestors came here as immigrants. I went to school on scholarship. The the country allowed me to go function. And fight battles. And dream, my dream. I want That for everyone coming into this country.


And, when you get involved in politics, you know, It. It's sad to me to see That, you know, I, go back. None of you were on the earth when Ronald Reagan was president. But when he was president, It was a guy who was speaker of the house by the name of Tip O'Neill. He was from Massachusetts, Cambridge, where Harvard is. And, you know, they used to fight each other. Like crazy. During the day, five 30, they'd have a beer And, then they'd go play nine holes. And, they'd do business for America.


Today, we're not doing That. People don't even listen to one another. They're not coming together. And, my life will be about building bridges, And, bringing all people to the best of my ability. And, fighting Hate. Now, think about, I'm very proud, That. We were able to bring all the supports, commissioners, women, men, NASCAR together to do this Campaign of time out. By the way, what is the time out? When do you call That in a sport? You're doing It. When things aren't going right, you wanna win.


you wanna win your game. You've gotta readjust your strategy. And, do things that'll be good. That allow you to win. That's what we're doing in America. We're trying to call a time out And have all people, right? Come together. What, how do I benefit by demeaning anyone? Any group that's given the, even if they think differently than I. I want them to have their chance. But do It, straight And be respectful of all Know? Do you think that's the reason why you, so your franchise is so successful when you look AT, all these other franchises, you've had a, a very successful franchise other than my New York Giants.


But besides That, do you think that's the why? Because you have That way of thinking of Unity. And getting It together. We, I'll tell you when we bought It is a good question. I always have tried to incorporate everyone. When we bought the Patriots, you know, in 34 years, they had never sold out. So the local games were always blacked out. I sat in those stands, dreaming what I would do. And. When I was privileged to take It over, I tried to bring everyone in. And. In the first year we sold out. We got over a hundred thousand people on a paid waiting list to buy seats to something.


That wasn't That way. And, you know, I have the good fortune to have a, we drafted this guy by the name of Brady. And. I had never heard of him. know no You know most people Die. The Giants have the Giants have heard of him a couple times. we Can The Big Apple, you guys, you know, we're in Beantown in the village up there. But you know, And, I also I decided with my nose to hire a coach. That. Anyone told me I shouldn't. And I kept them together for 20 years. And, we built Bridges. The way I'm talking about here, we kept It together.


And, you know, in our history, since we've bought our Patriots, we, we have the best winning percentage for championships of any sports team in any league. Anywhere in the World. And, I'm very proud of That. That's 'cause y'all cheat. We Can, which, which I don't have a problem with I. Wish my cowboys would cheat. Okay, but see what you're saying? That's what I call envy. And jealousy. Know And. Look, If, you haven't won in a long time. Look, If, you folks, you are doing this show. you don't think there are people That hate you. That, you're so successful.


Absolutely. Of course, Absolutely. And want to try to throw digs, And throw. Of course. So, jealousy, And envy. I. Wanna I have a saying? Actually, Oh. Oh, please. Thank you. You know They no, he not. AT I. The money was for us too. I was Like Oh. I meant jealousy. And Envy. Okay, this is an rk. K is okay. Read That Jealousy. And Envy are incurable diseases. And, it's the one time It is better to be a recipient than a donor. There you go. you Carry That around All the time. know I. Give 'em out. That, Oh. Because There there's bought three other things in your pockets you could've gave me other you You know. I'm a I'm a slob. I carry It.


Loose And. Don't tell anyone. You know, I. Do wanna ask though, Like there's always this debate between Belichick, And, Brady And, who's responsible for the Patriot success? How much credit should you get? And never put your name in those conversations. We, I'm a I'll let you decide. That, here's the deal. We were in business 34 years. How many home playoff games do you think they had in those 34 years? The Patriots. That's a good question. I. Don't know. Never Thought about It. Take your guess. How many home games? Playoffs. Playoffs, playoff games? No, no. Hell no way. More than two. Maybe. Like 22.


You are half right. Four. 1, 1, 1. And, they lost Wow. To the Houston Oilers. I was sitting in the stands. Earl Campbell, you remember That name? know he ran for over 200 yards. And, we lost And. I. Believe you know, we've had 31 home playoff games. And won 27. In the 30 years, we've, we've gone to 10 Super Bowls. And won six And. I'm I. we I. Heard the question. I thought you meant when you AT. How many playoff games did y'all have? AT home. You. If. You meant the Patriots before. Before know. Before you bought It. Oh. Okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay. Excuse me for not being before clear.


But anyhow, what you folks have created here is amazing. We we're trying to be a dynasty. Like. Y'all, y'all are Absolutely know, but you know what to do. It in the medium you're doing And. Being It is much harder in the media. World to keep It here. And the fact, That, you're relevant. And doing It. So you can influence people. And, And, I. Just hope we're building on the building blocks. That are good. That You know we got a lot of problems in the country, but it's still the best effing country. I agree In the World. know. Did, did Tom need Billy to build need Tom?


You know, it's Like. we I. Don't know. Alright, you're not married. No. Hell no. So A lot of guys, a lot of guys are having their eye in That direction. I. See? Are you two married? Yes, sir. 23 Years. know How many? 26 years. we married for 10. But we've been with my wife for 26 years. Okay. Married 23 years. So think about your marriage And, by the way. That decision If. you get the right person. You're gonna go through tough times. Absolutely. But you stay together, especially If. you have kids. And the dividends you get later. But who's More responsible for keeping It together? How do you answer That? And. That's My wife's easy.


My wife. Okay. That's smart. That's smart. That's easy With my wife. I, get where you were going. Like. It's a give And take Dependent. But they're smart. They know how to answer. It And. My my wife Know. So you get It know. That's why she's Single. She not only has the good look. She's got the brains. Thank You. Mm. We. Where? Wait. So you And Belichick, Like. Where you, what's the relationship now? you know, it's, it's been on And off. Rumors. That, y'all don't really deal Like. Y'all don't really Like each other. Like That. That's know. Look I mean. I kept him for 24 years. I don't know. I didn't enjoy having to fire him, but I tried to do It.


If, you look AT, the press conference And how It happened. Try to do It in a classy way. And, what he did for us was great. you know, people need to adapt And if they don't, or look If you folks together, things can change in life. It's about getting good chemistry, And Trust. And feel That. you know, our record, the last three to four years wasn't what I wanted. And I had given him so much power. He had full control over everything. And, shame on me. I should have had some checks.


And balances better. But he had earned That, right? But then the results weren't there. And, if you're in the sports business, you know, you win or you lose. There's no gray, right? And, I hate losing. Now Brady, were, were the Patriots ever seriously thinking about signing? Colin Kaepernick? Yes. AT. Really? Okay. Yes. Why didn't you, We first of all those are decisions. I. I've never Like. We just changed. We have a new quarterback starting this week. I let my football people make decisions.


I'm happy to discuss things. I think It would've been a great thing for us to have hired them because It would've been a great statement to the country. And, you know, you're the best team, the best coach. Everything there. There were just, there's the NFL is not a straight line. Business personnel decisions are a function of, you know, many things going on. When you bring in a quarterback, how does It affect the second And, third quarterback. How does It affect the team?


We're trying to do things. That always build team first. And an in America. What's happening now? And. The NFL is the perfect example. If, you don't have everybody on the same page. You're not gonna win. you can have the greatest quarterback, but it's not Like. Other sports you where you can have one or two great people. And, It can impact, you know, a great pitcher, a great center. you know, And football, special teams can lose you a game if they let a runback go, or offense. By fumbling, you can have the greatest defense And your offense gives.


So you need a, it's, it's what has to go on in America. you need everybody pulling together. And. It's hard. So, so was It was It Roc Nation. That was pushing for you to sign Ka. Or why didn't you do It? Was he blackballed Like? What was the reason? That It just didn't happen. you just, We, there were a lot of variables. It just That. I mean I didn't make That final decision. There was serious considerations. And, It was deci. I mean in the end. The bottom line is, every decision we're making with the NFL team on the game field is It gonna help us win or lose And.


It wasn't a fit. Pardon? It wasn't a fit. We, I'll let you ask Coach. Belichick. That. Now listen. On the FX show, It looked Like. you be calling shots on, on That. Aaron Hernandez show on fx And, the, they got you in the draft room. And, you were the one who said pick him. No You know. That's not how It happened. No. I, have You watched the show? No. What's It called? What this, the name of the Aaron Hernandez show. It's Aaron. It's Aaron. It's a scripted show on FX about Aaron Hernandez. Oh. There's I Heard. They're AT. And. They got know. No, no Its, not I haven't seen That. Someone know they got some dude American Sports story. Know American Sports story. know the guy It. He I don't terrible actor. He said, I've never even seen That show know on And.


It fiction. So I, don't I I mean I, don't You? But they discuss stuff with you though, right? we Like after they make those decisions, it's not communicated to You. you definitely And you pay bills. And. I don't. I'm just saying That. 'cause he's saying he don't really know. It's, it's for the football guys. But no, no, wait. The one thing we've said, they can draft whomever they want. They can do It. Except we never wanna be bring a person into our system who has done the wrong thing by women. you know, we're, that's not allowed. They're not And. I. Think in our third year of ownership, they, we drafted someone who had abused women in his fraternity.


It was covered up to me. It was a guy who should have gone in the first or second round. We got him in the fifth or sixth round. And when I found out after the draft, we cut him before he even came. Wow. And we're trying to send a message to any coaches we ever had. That's, that's the one thing I mean. I was blessed. I have a new wife who's awesome. And I had a first wife who I told you died 13 years ago. And, respect for women is a community thing. That, we, we can't have players.


That have abused women. And be part of our team And culture. I wanted to know when Brady went to the Buccaneers. How did That hurt you? How did That affect you? 'cause That was your guy for so many years. Oh And. Did y'all have a conversation? And, how do you feel about him when It happened? And, now We, here's what happened. He, he And Bill had some Problems Know, let's say they weren't best friends. And I negotiated his contracts with him the last 12 years. And I And, he was always put Team first.


And I was able to convince him not to always, you know, we have a salary cap in the NFL, right? So I said, look, it'd be better If, you didn't take the full amount That you would want by other quarterbacks. 'cause whatever we don't pay you not going in my pocket. It's going to other players to make you better And. If we do as we as I hope, the greatest beneficiary will be you. Cor It doesn't go to the long-term benefit doesn't go to the club or the coach. It goes, you don't remember Joe Montana, And people.


Like That. Roger Staubach. And. Sure enough, he Listen to me, And. He took less money. And, we were able to get great support people around. We spent to the cap every year. And, he Listen. And, he did It, And. He, he was just unusual. But when I did the last contract with him, which would've completed 20 years with us, I said, look, you will do. I won't allow Bill or the team to franchise you. If. you don't wanna stay here after this, which had two years to go, you'll decide.


And I'll never forget. That. I, believe It was in the month of March. He, he lived down the street from me, came to my house. And. I opened the door. He started crying. And, he hugged me. And. He said, I made a decision. I'm going to leave the Patriots. After 20 years. And I had, you know, we normally would've franchised someone. Like, That, And. I'm not allowed 'em, but I kept my word to 'em. And. Anyway, And. It was one of the worst days of my, it's Like, almost Like. Losing a son, losing a child. know I mean. And. He And. I.


Look, he grew up with us. I was I mean? I. Love the guy. And. He's one of a kind. you know, I went to his marriage when he marriage marriages al down in Costa Rica. And, you know, we've, he, he spent half his life with us. And. We, you know, when he was with Bridget, Moynihan, And, And, everything. And. He's, he's a, he's one of the most amazing human beings on the planet. He's a guy. When he goes in the huddle, he makes average players better. That's right. He just, but he's got a hot of gold.


And he'll cry. Talking about an injustice. He cried That whole time when he had to leave us And, It, you know, I understood It. He lived under an arrangement. That was very difficult for him the last decade. Mm. But you know, we, he, he's an amazing human being. you know, he's, he's part of my family to this day. And I love him dearly. Absolutely I. Wanna go back to the, something you had mentioned earlier about the, the, the violence against women. And, how serious you guys take That. So Ja Jabre Peppers right now is all over the news for domestic violence.


Charges against his significant other And in the beginning of It jar May has said That, you guys didn't know enough to not allow him into the facility. And. Then That changed. Now he's on the commissioner's ex exempt list. So do you guys conduct your own investigations? What was found Like? What was the change there? Because You know. Yes, We, we are doing, that's a very good question. And. you know, we're living in The World now with so much on social media. And, so much that's reported is unfair in these kind of situations. And, you know, when you read the thing initially, It turns your stomach.


But we've learned And. I don't know the facts in this case. And Gerard called me. We spoke about It. Once he goes on the Commissioner Exem list, they do their independent checking. We're doing ours. And, if was reported as true, he's gone. There have been some suggestions. That, this was a setup. And, a lot have been, what's reported is not accurate. And. I just do you I can. How do you, so not to cut you off. If I can just finish. Go ahead. That. I've seen in life That, if someone, Lord take any one of the three of you, you have profiles.


If someone could set up something And, say something. That's just not true. That's a fact. know And, there's nothing. So one of the thing, And, I've personally had That happen with me. So, you know, I have a saying. That. I used all my key people And important decisions in life. you measure nine times And, you cut once. And I think in this case if what's been reported is true, he's gone. But we want to get the facts. I I didn't have one More question. I was gonna say, did you, were you guys in your investigation able to see his lawyer had mentioned there was videotape evidence.


That suggested That. This may not have been what It was reported as. Did you guys see That That video tape is why you say That I Since this came out, I've been in New York. I've talked to OD And, our legal counsel, And other support people. They, you know, the easy thing would've been to cut 'em right away. But we're trying to measure nine times. And do right by him. If the facts are as been reported publicly, then he's not with us. There is a possibility, there's a different explanation. And. The facts are different. So I'm personally just gonna wait knowing how these things can be unfair.


One last question. Excuse me. you know what And, this bothers me. And And. you folks are very important platform for getting the message out. Make sure you get the facts. Absolutely And. And don't. There's too much of this going on And. Then It just becomes It, It It ripple effect. And. That's not good for any of us. And, you know, people love, you know how I gave you the jealousy? And envy. You You know we can get em know, right? So I'm just saying I, don't


I thought you was about to ask. How can you get It up? I Like, there's this thing called Blue Chew, right? Oh, my goodness. This's a little loop pill If. you take It. Some of us don't need It Talk. That talk. Rob crab talk. That talk


I do have one last question of why you believe you're not in the NFL Hall of Fame yet. Because I don't know why you're not It makes no sense to me. Read That card. Jealousy. Jealousy. And, INTERVIEW. Wow. Wow. Wait, if I don't really to be honest, I don't care 'cause on merit. you know, I think most people who are objective I It is this I. Don't know this is people. It doesn't mean anything to me. What I'm doing More in my foundation to come combat That has a greater impact. Whether It just I. Think the Hall And. It's happened with other people. So It demeans the value of It It should be, that's true.


Objectivity. So in life, you know, I just the key thing is to dream your dream. Hang with good people of good character. And. Build bridges, And. That's what my life is About. Ladies, And gentlemen, Robert Kraft, we appreciate you for joining us. Absolutely And, thank you. I'm honored to be here. And I congratulate you all for billing the equity brand That you've done here. I hear good things from you from so many people. So It was a pleasure to, So what's my name? Thundercat Young. Thundercat Oh. Thundercat Young Thundercat. Young Thundercat. Alright, that's Gerard opening.


Alright, We let's you That's right, it's Robert Craft, you guys. Thank you I The lovely Lauren. It's okay. Single He we, he started to say That I. Think he said a lovely single I. Think he stopped. It's Robert Kraft. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Wake That ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


Hey Welcome to the Cooper residence. Cooper McAllister. I'm surprised she put my name first. Come on in. From the brains behind the Big Bang theory, And Young Sheldon CBS is excited to Welcome back some beloved familiar folks, I am so glad. That, you NCC are here. And, Georgie AT a girl. It's a whole new chapter. Georgie And, Mandy's first marriage Premier, CBS Thursday, eight seven Central And streaming on Paramount plus


This Election season. The stakes are higher than ever. I Think the choice is clear in this Election. Join me Charlamagne to God for we the people in Audio Town Hall with Vice President Kamala Harris. And. you live from Detroit, Michigan, exclusively on iHeartRadio. They'll tackle the tough questions, depressing issues in the future of our nation. We May not see eye to eye on every issue, but America, we are not going back. Don't miss this powerful conversation with Vice President Kamala Harris. Tomorrow AT 5:00 PM Eastern, 2:00 PM Pacific on the free iHeartRadio app, hip Hop beat station.


Curious about queer sexuality. Cruising And, expanding Your Horizons Hip play on the sex positive, And, deeply entertaining podcast. Sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez And Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex cruising relationships. And culture in the new iHeartPodcasts. S Sniffy Cruising Confessions. S Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden Minds And help you pursue your true goals. you can listen to S Sniffy Cruising Confessions sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday


in California during the summer of 1975. Within the span of 17 days, And less than 90 miles, two women did something no other woman had done before tried to assassinate the president of the United States. One was the protege of Charles Manson. 26-year-old Lynette Fromm, Nicknamed Squeaky the Other, a middle aged housewife working undercover for the FB I Identified by police as Sarah Jean Moore, The story of one Strange And Violent Summer. This season on the new podcast, rip Current Here episodes of Rip Current early And. Completely ad free And receive exclusive bonus content by subscribing to iHeart True Crime Plus only on apple Podcasts.


I'm NK And. This is basket case. What is wrong with Me? A show about the ways That mental illness is shaped by not just biology swaps of different meds, but by culture And society. By looking closely AT the conditions That cause mental distress. I. Find out why so many of us are struggling to feel sane. What we can do about It And, why we should care Oh. Look If. you gimme therapy girl. Listen to Basket case every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.