
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Boes Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you wanted to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke. Break This Christmas.


So you're Her, right? You're the boxer Experience. The incredible true story. As Long as I'm boxing, I'm gonna be Okay. A Claressa Shields My baby. Going to the lip. Let's go. Critics are calling the fire inside an inspirational knockout. Crowd pleaser. I'm gonna train for this gold medal. I'm gonna need exactly what the man gets. It's a monumental achievement. I've Been working my whole life for this. The fire inside, based on the incredible true story rated PG 13 may be inappropriate for children under 13. Only in theaters everywhere. Christmas Day. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's Djj. Nv. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special Guest in the building.


Yes indeed. We got Paul Wall. What it do? What's up brother? How feeling? I'm feeling great man. Happy to be back with my dogs man. You know it been a long time. Yeah. I feel like the last time I see you, I only see you on Instagram. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You ain't been here a decade, right? Man. It is. Nah, I ain't been back. It ain't been quite that long. But You know what I'm saying, it might been a decade, You know? But I don't know man. I remember I was looking at a video the last time I remember me and Slim Thug came up here. Yep. We were talking about Beat King. It was before he kind of blew up. Blew up, You know what I'm saying? And then when he blew up, You know that that video kind of started going viral. 'cause we were talking about him and of course he passed away. He recently rest in Peace beat King. But You know, it made me think, You know, y'all always showing love to people. Y'all always giving people that platform to show love to other people.


You know what I'm saying? So I just wanna tell y'all thank You'all man. For Real. He look good. Thank you. Thank you. Thank Yep. The grades get gray, but the players still play. You know exactly what I'm saying. Wasn't they calling him Azadi line? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. He definitely a zdi. They call me The twenty twenty twenty three Houston Zdi. Yeah, That's, that's they voted me. You know what? And I, You know, 'cause You know how y'all age sometimes. Yeah. You know, like bananas. Jesus don't look too close. The wrinkles is wrinkling, but don't look too close. I heat, I look good with the filters, but You know what mean, I bet your wife said sit your ass down. Amen. That damn Instagram, You know she the Funny thing, she's the main one been telling me, Hey, don't dye your hair, hair, let it be gray. Let your salt and pepper. Yeah. Don't keep quick, quick Cutting the ball.


Fa You know, I'm south side ball fade. But You know, after a while, You know what I'm saying? When it start growing back, it don't grow back. Right. So she said, look man, you need to grow your hair out. I thought she was just hating on me. Yeah. I thought she was just hating on me. But she would set Me up. She would set me up to shine Chris Ball. I want to ask you about BK since you bought him up. What, what, what was that loss to? Houston? Man, he had such a, a hell of a club run where his name was a club guard that was the perfect name for him. I'm talking about B King is somebody who could have done a show for a hour straight. And I'm talking about nothing but club bangers back to back, to back, to back to back. And when you go to the club, especially anywhere in Texas, that's what you would hear is beat King all day long as a artist, You know, a a homeboy, a fellow artist.


You know, if, if I'm trying to do a club song, he's somebody I would call either to do the beat 'cause he makes beats as well, or to come do the hook or whatever. You know, he always would say some, You know, You know, funny stuff. This topical, whatever's topical, You know, when the, when when the, the elevator incident happened at the Met Gala, You know what I'm saying? He, he had a whole freestyle about that. Anything that's going on, he's got like a topical freestyle. He'll do. But man, I'm talking about man, his club boy. I'm talking about Club Guard man, B King. That man, that was a perfect name for him, man. He rock the club man. Rest in peace to be king. Absolutely. And I didn't know you had the, you had surgery? Yeah. Oh, you talking about my weight loss surgery? Yeah, that's A long Time ago. That Surgery. Yeah. How Long was that? Let say in my, like that was about 2009 and New Year's Eve.


Yeah. I had the gastric sleeve. That's when your boy was that three 50? You was 3 53. Oh, I don I hit it. Well, Paul House, that was, that was a big yo That was the, that was the, the the tall T era. So, You know, we could hide it. Well, You know what I'm saying, I could hide it. Well, What was, what, what got you to that, that weight? Was it always eating? Was it, was you using drugs? Like what got you there? Man, I think some of it was lifestyle. Some of it was, You know, a rollercoaster of trying to lose weight, taking diet pills, sipping syrup, maybe, You know, drinking alcohol, all the other stuff too. It definitely messed up my metabolism. So, You know, it was something where I would be on a full-fledged, like hard, tough, strict diet, strict regimen of training working out.


And six months go by, you lose, You know, four pounds. Yeah. So it is very like, deflating and just, it is, it is not motivating. Whatever the opposite of motivating is. But one of my homeboys, man, one of the, one of the biggest gangsters I know, he was like, man, I, I wanna go get lap band. And I was like, man, lap band. What you, that's, You know, I don't know man, I, I just, to me that wasn't something the gangsters did or players did, You know? And he was like, man, nah, forget that man. It's gonna save my life. You know, you want, you want to die. You know? 'cause he was going through some of the same thing. He sipped a lot of syrup too. He was taking diet pills, all of that. And it was just a rollercoaster of messing up his metabolism. And when he went, he was like, say man, I want you to come. I don't know if he really wanted to get it or he was just trying to convince me to kind of get it.


Because he ended up not getting anything. Because you was The Guinea pig. But you first, how it worked out. Yeah. Man, that's funny as shit. It definitely Worked. It saved my life, man. For sure. I only, my only grit is I didn't do it sooner. 'cause man, if I knew I could have been skinny like this And I ain't gotta work out or nothing, I don't gotta do nothing. But do you Wish you would've waited? Now that the Ozempic is real heavy in campaigns, I, I do see that and I'm like, damn, maybe I, that's all I would've had to do. And I could have, I could have been a, a spokesman, You know, I'm saying Okay, I'm trying to be a spokesman for the sleeve, but I ain't no doctor trying To pay me. So So how, how does it affect your eating? So you, you just not hungry or Just Yeah, you not hungry. You just get full real quick. Real man. So like for instance, last night I, I had something to eat like a little gyro And I had two bites and that was it.


I was full. Damn. You all these years later still had that Event? Yeah, still work. Wow. And I, I was gonna get the, the Lap band. But the Lap band, I know people who had it and it either stretches or slips. So they gotta get it removed. They gained their weight back. And I just, You know, I actually went to get to, and the doctor was like, man, look, I the doctor who did it was one of the first doctors that ever did the lap band or sleeve, any of that. He actually trained other doctors and he was like, look, I done did over a thousand of these man, You know, it ain't, it ain't what you want. You want to do this one. And I was like, all right. Same cost. It really wasn't too much different. It just, the lap band, they put a little band around your stomach, the sleeve, they put a whole sleeve around your stomach and they remove part of your stomach that produce the hormone that makes you hungry.


So I don't, I don't get like all day. I wasn't hungry. Is that healthy though? Yeah, I was gonna say, is there anything that you can't do or certain things that you have to be careful about because of the sleeve? For Sure. You gotta make sure you're eating your protein, your nutrients. So your vitamins. 'cause I don't eat that much and if I don't eat I will get like a little tired. You know what I'm saying? You lack of energy. Just 'cause you say I gotta remind myself to eat, You know, or else I'll get a headache. I won't get hungry, but I get like a little grumpy, You know? And it'll be like go will be like, Hey man, here's the Snickers today. Yeah, Yeah. You eat your Snickers man. But yeah, other than that man, I could eat anything, drink anything, You know, it's not like it restricted where you can't drink coffee or soda or whatever. But I will say this though, spicy food definitely gives me a lot more heartburn than it used to.


And You know, wifey like to cook. So it's like, man, that's the only, the only tough thing is now I can't really eat. I used to enjoy eating. I was gonna ask you that now for eating for fuel. You don't eat to enjoy now. Yeah, Exactly. Now I gotta eat to live And I was Eating for fun. I don't like heartburn at our age because heartburn at our age, you don't know if you having a heart attack or not. You know what I'm saying? I don't like that shit. Yeah, it is a little scary. Yeah. Now we haven't heard from you in a while. Your fans like musically. So describe the energy of this, this album now. My new album, what You on now? It's called Once Upon a Grind, produced by my boy DJ Fresh and also G Luck beat on from Houston, my boy Beans and Cornbread. My boy DJ Fresh did most of the production. He's from the West coast. He's real musical.


He does a lot of, You know, anything keys or keyboards or synth or You know, guitars. He plays every instrument. But it's a real musical, like just in the production it is real motivating. Once upon a grind, it's all about just putting your best foot forward, being your best self, You know, giving your all and everything, You know what I'm saying? And just, just trying to progress, You know, even if it's little by little, just making progress in your life, You know, whatever you setting goals and just, just, just trying to accomplish 'em. So that's just what the whole album is about. It's just what I'm trying to convey with the message, You know what I'm saying? With it, once Upon a grind, You ever thought about going back and doing like a whole project with Swisher House artists like Mike Jones, of course. Thugger Thugger or Chamillionaire. You ever thought about that? No. Are you still in contact with Those others? Man, I be on them to do this all the time, man.


First of all, lemme start off with the boss, slim Thug. Slim Thug is the most, like, he is the biggest boss, but when it come to rapping, he's like, You know, like we'll be like in New York and be like, Hey, let's go to Studio. He'd be like, man, go to the studio. Let's go to the club. Right? He like to party. My boy like to party. He'd be like, man Studio, we can go to the studio. Anytime. He got a studio in his house. So for instance, if I, I like, he's on my new album, Hey, I need you on my album Bet. Send him a song he do in 15 minutes. So if we're in a situation where it's like, I'm a little different, like, I'm like, Hey, we in New York, let's capture the moment. Let's go in the studio, let's capture this energy and do something. But Slim is like, man, we can go to the studio anytime, man. It's no difference. We go to the studio now or tomorrow. So that's slim. So Slim is not like really motivated to get in there and knock it out that, You know what I'm saying?


I'm saying Say Slim Thug, say I'm gonna Party. Yes. Now we, if we tell him, Hey, we got a deal or we need to do this or whatever. Yeah, for sure he motivated then like anytime we got a deadline or something. But I, I done did that with Slim where we do a whole entire mix tape in a day. You know, I've done that with him, You know, I've seen him do that plenty of times. So he's not really like, pressured to let's get it going. Okay now Mike Jones, Mike Jones all over the place. He kind of making a comeback with his music. He kind of was, You know, outta the scene for a while. You know, in terms of shows, like me and Slim, we tour all the time. We on the road every single weekend. Mike Jones kind of took a break for a while. Now he's coming back out. He's got new music coming out. He's definitely on the road again.


He got a New number. But He does that the same number I think. I think it's the same number. Alright, well actually, You know what, I think he's trying to get, get it back. I think, I think they, people still calling. He lost it and then he's trying to get it back for some reason. But because the phone number gets so many calls, it's not like a normal bill. It's like an inflated bill. Yeah. So like I know he'll get like a $10,000 phone bill. Like, it, it is crazy. But geez. And you said he was, he was with, what, what was he doing during that time? Because he was missing for a minute. I, I, I think he was just enjoying life because we would see him every now and in his shows and every time we see him he looking good. He's still rocking, he's still killing it. But You know, we wouldn't really see him in the studio too much or dropping too much music. But nah, I know he's dropping some music. Nah, if we were to all do a project like that, I'm pretty sure Mike Jones would probably be involved with that.


He probably will be down, You know. But I think right now he's kind of more focused on getting, You know, his own solo stuff going. You know what I'm saying? But I think he probably will be down a Chamillionaire Alaska chamillionaire man, tech rich man. He ain't trying to do no music, man. He got so much money right now. Whatever tech money he got, whatever investments the crypto he got, he, look, lemme tell you, I talk to him about this all the time because the way the music industry has evolved, You know, he's not, he's he's always been this way where he, he not trying to give nothing away. He, he really, he really appreciates the value of his music, You know, and he's, he's not giving it away. He's not signing a deal where he's getting screwed over just 'cause it's a good look.


Nah, he's not about none of that. He's straight business and he really values his art that he creates. So, You know what I'm saying with, with that, it takes a certain type of label to sign him who has the same vision as him, where they're not just all about the dollars and cents, they're not just all about just, You know, whatever is gonna make a splash or go viral. You know? He, he, he needs the right type of partner. Y'all wouldn't be signing with nobody at this point though. Yeah, I mean this is why I tell him, look, you ain't got, you don't, we don't, as a artist, you don't even have to put your music on Spotify. You don't have to put it on any of these streaming where it's free. You don't have to do that. You can put it only for sale. You can make it, we can release an album right now and drop it on cd. I don't know who got a CD player, but You know what I'm saying, you can drop it on cd.


Yeah, You can create a website and do it only on your website. Only On the website. Well, we only sell it. We sell everything. I tell 'em say, man, let's drop a album. Well we, we don't drop it till we got a hundred thousand presales. You know what I'm saying? Why not? You know, then, then we don't have to drop out Melvin. You know, we don't get it. You know what I'm saying? But it don't have to be like the, just how the trends are. We don't have to do that. And if you not cool with giving your music away or You know, whatever, then we don't have to. And, but I think he's trying to like navigate, You know, 'cause he still has a passion for the music. So every now and then somebody will ask him, Toby Wig Way got him a song with two chains last year. Every now And I, any time I've ever asked him to do a song, he'll do it. You know, or same with Slim or any us we ask Bumby, ask him, he's gonna do it, but he's not like, Hey, I need to do an album.


Hey, I wanna do this. You know. And also he's like, You know, just the way that, the way the, it's like a microwave generation or just not even generation. It's a microwave era we're in where it comes like this and it goes like that. So you put your all into something, you put all this creativity and thoughts and ideas you've had for years that you probably put into fruition and put it on an album and it comes out. And then the next week no one cares. 'cause they're on to the next artist album drop. He's just like, man, it's, he's not really pressed to just drop nothing like that. But again, if it was like something where it was like all four of us or something, I think he probably would do that. You know what I'm saying? Now, I will say this too. Somebody who's been in a group with Kame in there where you split it 50 50 Kame in there is a guy where it's like, Hey look, if it's four of us and we split it 25, 25, 25, 20.


You know what I'm saying? He's more like say, man, look, why don't we just drop solo albums and we get together? Right? Yeah. So he's like, You know, but it it, it would take a special moment or a special situation or something like this is, I tell him all the time, say, man, we need to do a album or we need to just make some music just so it's there so that if something happens or something or whatever Yeah. That it's just, it's just there in the archive. Yeah. In the archive. And also, I know, You know, when you stop and you try to come back later, you gotta get back in shape. But if you never stop working out, you never gotta train, You know? Right. You know, if, if you training for the Super Bowl, yeah, of course you going to train a little harder or You know what I'm saying? But I'm just saying like, You know, that's why I, I keep putting out mu I've been, I've been putting out music nonstop, but I just, You know, it's more like underground or You know, under the radar.


You know what I'm saying? Not a whole lot of marketing behind it. But for me on my music, it's more like I'm just trying to focus on the music of it, the music aspect of it, You know. And also I don't want to, You know, get, I don't wanna get lost in the shuffle of, I ain't dropped the album in five years, six years or whatever. And then when you finally drop that album, the expectations be so high that it is like, man, if you don't meet the expectations, it's a complete flop of failure where I'm just like, man, I'm doing what I love to do. I'm making music with the people. I, I I enjoy making music with, I'm still torn on the road, just, You know, enjoying my life, making good money with it. So I'm, I mean, I don't know. I mean, you put that out there. So I might have to, You know, I might have to rally the troops, You know what I'm saying?


Are you the glue behind everybody or You the glue that talks to everybody? Are you the main person that talks To everybody? I, I don't know. I would maybe say Slim Thug might be the glue, You know, slim Thug is, is maybe the more of the glue I would say. But I, I mean, I don't know. I don't have any problems with any of them. We, none of us have any problems with each other, You know what I'm saying? But, and we're all, You know, we're all brothers, so we support each other to the fullest. Whatever each one of us is doing, we definitely support, You know. But yeah, I would say Slim Thug might keep in contact with all of us a little bit more than I do, maybe. But we all, You know, we all boys. What Do you, what do you think led to Swisher House not having the impact they once had? Because think about, I mean, you just named three Powerhouses, right?


Well, I, I'm gonna tell you this, I, I've been, You know, salute to the DJs out there, Michael Watson, OG Ron c the two DJs that discovered myself, Chamillionaire, Mike Jones, slim Thug, four platinum artists. They discovered us when we were at our very beginning. You know, they didn't sign us after we already established after we had a household name. They signed us or, and built us up from scratch and turned us into platinum artists. And that's very rare where someone could do that to four artists. So big salute to OG Ron c Michael, 5,000 Watts. And, and all the DJs who, who helped us, but specifically them two.


Now with Switzer, I could say what happened is the same thing that happened to any other record label that ever existed. They don't, they never last forever. You know what I'm saying? Every record label eventually, You know, sometimes they reinvent themselves with new artists, new sounds, new CEOs, new directions, but no record label last forever. Especially like if it's independent, same thing that happened to Rockefeller Murder Inc. Or You know, absolutely Cash Money's like the only one that's still going. You know what I'm saying? Well, they still going hard, but, You know, I mean, but that's because they had to reinvent themselves with new artists, young money. Right. Or with young money or, You know, things like that. But I mean, You know, we had a great run. So it's like, You know, it lasted a great time. I wish it could continue just because I know the impact that the Swisher House had for me and my career.


And I, You know, I wish that, that, that impact could be made for another artist. 'cause I just know it what it did for me. You know what I'm saying? But I mean, it just, it is what it is, You know. It's just how the times go. I know Michael Watts still doing stuff. He got a, I think he got an app right now where he got, You know, the chopped up music on there. I know OG Ron C still chopping stuff up, still doing music. But in terms of both of them, like discovering and developing new talent, I don't think it's really come to that quite yet. But I think it might be getting there just 'cause you could see, You know what I'm saying? Like, You know, just that style of freestyling over other people beats and just bringing some, You know, your own, You know, little flavor to somebody else's song. You know, there's just so much talent out there that, You know, all they need is an avenue to show it.


Yeah. You know, you get the right artists, You know, on that avenue and they, it is the same thing going. They happen to us, is gonna happen to them. So I saw an interview where you had said growing up you didn't even realize you was white. I didn't, I didn't know white, white people told me I was white. Oh, the white people came back? Nah. Yeah, they was like, you white, why you, why you talking act like that? You white. And I'm like, what do you mean? Where was this like where in Houston? When was some, when, where were you? What was that exact Moment somebody told you? Like, when was the moment I discovered I was white? Yes. Where is that? I don't know. Definitely in school. Elementary school maybe, or middle school. I remember that. But I mean, all my friends were black or Mexican or Asian. I lived in a very diverse neighborhood.


There was, You know, it was, there were white people there, but it was, You know, Mexican, black, Vietnamese, Indian, and it was mixed up. All kind of, every, any, a lot of everything. You know, even, You know, it was like, You know, FB, a, You know, black. But it was also like a lot of immigrants. Black like chameleon. He's Nigerian, You know, there were other, You know, immigrants there were black as well. But, so we got a great mixture of, You know, growing up in America, I guess, You Know. And when they told you you was white, you was like, damn, damn man. What you, how did You know You cry? You sure just Didn't, did you cry? Did you Cry? I went on cried. I went and cried in the car. Mama, you ain't telling her I was white, But my mama did take a DNA test. She 3%.


Oh yeah. So I, I mean I, I know that, I know she can't say the N word. That ain't enough for her to say the N No, not 20%. You ever took it, you ever took a that? Nah, nah. Okay. Okay. No, not that my mama would ever wanna say the N word by the way. You know, she ain't never said that in her life. Why are you scared to test? Because you scared to test? 'cause you might be too white, might like 67. And I'm really cry like, damn man. Nah, I don't know. I, I really want to, but I'm just, You know, it's the conspiracy theorist to me that's like, I don't know if they're gonna use my data and they're gonna say, oh, he's this and this and this. So that means he's more susceptible to these diseases and they're gonna use it to, You know, I, I don't know.


It's just, I know it might sound crazy, but it's just the No, I know it's the Conspiracy Theories. That's how I think It too. Yeah. I really want to get it though. But I'm like, man, I don I don't know Man. Paul is a real conspiracy theorist though. But like, you don't, you don't even believe in dinosaurs. Yeah. Oh no. Why? I just, I always thought they was fake. I don't know. It just, I just, I never believed that they existed. I mean, I don't know. And kind of once she realized that Santa Claus ain't real, You know what I'm saying? Easter the bunny not real then it's like, well, whatever. Straight to Dinosaurs. Dinosaurs. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I just always thought the dinosaurs were fake. I remember, You know, my mama, she talked, we talked about this 'cause ever since I ever heard of, You know, kindergarten or whatever, and it's like, man, I don't know.


That's make believe, You know? But I just always just thought they were fake. And every now and then I'll come across certain other people. Like Marcellus Wiley. I remember Derrick Bell, he played for the Astros. I remember it was a fun fact. He didn't believe in dinosaurs either, You know? So every now And I come across other people who, You know, they're in on the hoax with me. You know what I'm saying? But I Don't know. But when you think about stuff like whales or elephants or alligators, like these alligators, these big magnificent creatures, it's not farfetched. I definitely think there's stuff in the, in the ocean too that we don't know about. That's, You know what I'm saying? Bigger. But I, I don't know, I just always felt like the, the dinosaurs that they, You know, they show us aren't real. Not, You know, I, I watch a lot of ancient aliens too. So they talk about dinosaurs being basically like big chickens and stuff, You know what I'm saying?


Or how we look at 'em as being like lizards and reptiles. They say they're more like, they, they were like, they had feathers and they had other, I don't know. I don't know. I just, I just feel like, man, I, I just don't believe it, You know? I just, I never believe it. Believe it or not, in South Carolina and North Carolina in like the late eighties, early nineties, people used to still see tart actors For real Stop playing. I'm not even joking. Anybody out there could listen to me right now? Google it. They, they still was seeing tart actors in ladies eighties, early ninth. And I remember being a kid and it was live five news and live five news. Somebody had captured one on video. Jesus Christ. And then they told us it was like a, a kite or a robot or some shit. This was the eighties. I'm like, get the fuck outta here. Oh my God. See this? Was that when you was on drugs or what?


I was a kid. I'm Like Eight. I'm a hypocritical conspiracy theorist. 'cause I don't believe in dinosaurs, but I a hundred percent believe that. So, You know what I'm saying? It's like, okay. I do believe like when we go certain places, like I go travel like Mexico or somewhere and they're like, oh, they still say that there's this and that. I believe that. But I just don't believe in the Oh, you mean Ch Chicora, what's the good thing called? Yes. Chu Cobra. Yeah. Yeah. But I, I, I don't, I mean, I don't believe in the lochness monster 'cause it's been debunked. But You know what I'm saying? Gentleman believes the de just the debunk, the debunk ness also could be fraud. You know, I'm open-minded about this, You know what I'm saying? Why you Don't believe in the lochness monster though? Because I would've, dinosaurs went, went underwater. I, I believe there are things underwater.


I just don't believe it's dinosaur. I don't know. I just, I just don't believe it. I don't know what it, I, I, I'm open to the idea that they could exist. I just, I don't know. I just Can't believe in aliens. I'm sure. I believe in aliens for sure. Have You ever seen That's What I'm, I'm hypocritical con conspiracy theorist. Have you ever seen one? I don't know. I, I mean, not like little green man or something, but You know, the, like I said, I watch a lot of ancient aliens. So they say the aliens is among us, so we wouldn't even know, You know what I'm saying? They say they humanoid and this and that. So I, I mean, I don't know. I I know I sound crazy, man. I know You conversations every day, but You know, You know, I want to, I want to go How, how did you meet Johnny? Dang. How did you get to start selling Speaking Grill?


Speaking of Alien, speaking of aliens. Yeah. My, the reason I ask, 'cause You know, a lot of people, the first time they seen grills or people making grills was from you and Johnny. I mean, I think you, you made a set of grills when we first started The Breakfast Club with me Charlem and Yeah, at one point. So, hey, time, it's Time to come back. I need to make y'all fresh. Shit. I don have nothing. That's, man, what's up? That's right, man. Johnny, man, I started off, actually, I was actually selling grills before I met Johnny. And You know, I, I I, I stopped to really kind of pursue my music a little bit more. But my boy, who I was selling grills for, he was, he also was doing some music and he was like, say, look, I need you to do some promotion for me and if you do promotion for me for my album, I'm gonna take you and introduce you to the plug so you don't gotta go through me.


You can have your own grill set up everything my boy crime. And he took me, I, I did the promotion for him. I was like, bet this is a win for me. So I did a pro, You know, I passed out his flyers for his album. He brought me to Johnny and then me and Johnny, You know, well at the time I was just a another wholesale client. I wasn't like famous or nothing like that. Even I was trying to rap, but I wasn't like established or nothing. I, this was even before Swer house days really. So, You know, when he brought me to Johnny, I'm just a wholesale client now. As I start, You know, rapping in the Swer house, You know, this is pre-internet, You know what I'm saying? Nobody know what anybody look like. They just kind of hear the voice and it slowed down. So you don't really hear exactly how it sound, but you might hear it. Now, I used to always say my, this is why I used to always say my name at the start of everywhere it do is pow wow, there's no, you don't know who I am, but you going hear that, at least you gonna know my name.


Yeah. So one time, You know, I be in Johnny's all the, the time we on the southwest side of Houston where, okay, the southwest side of Houston is very, very, very immigrant. Like what you call it, it is congested, it's immigrants, a lot of immigrants. And, and that's how town, so you got a lot of different accents and it's all English, but it's just different accents. Then also it's the hood. So you got a Mexican hood accent, you got a black hood accent, you got the Asian hood accents. You also got people from Louisiana coming in with they Louisiana accent. So, You know, and all of that. And Johnny being a Vietnamese immigrant himself, who speaks English but is allegedly, people don't understand, allegedly He, he, he needs closed caption, You know, absolute, he needs closed Caption sometimes.


He worked on it a lot. But some of it's still, You know, it's, it's man, he, he, he definitely got his own, You know, accent. But he, You know, it is funny too because at one point, You know, as You know, we get record deals and stuff. Somebody gave me a, a little, a little cd how to lose your accent Like this, this kind of, I guess four immigrants trying to lose their accent. But it was so that I would sound more white so that I could be more appealing in, in movies. And I'm like, man, I don't wanna sound like this. You know, A do that or, or So, man, I don't even wanna say that's Messed up. Yo, they, they, They, I guess they did it in in good, You know, good, good means. But I, I was like slightly offended by it, You know? Yeah. But it's funny 'cause Johnny had the same Exact disk, like, You know what I'm saying?


I didn't lose your, none of y both didn't use it because I posted it and Johnny was like, bro, I got the same Dis it man, it's, it's crazy. He didn't Sound t sound excellent. He, he Might need the volume two. He Got the, He got the first one edition. But now I, I, I would be in there and everybody would be in there arguing with Johnny just because it would be broken English to broken English to hood accents, You know what I'm saying? And I would just be translating English to English, You know, eventually one time somebody was in there and they would, matter of fact they was from Louisiana and they was like, man, you sound familiar, what's your name? And I was like, my name P wow. And they was like, from the switch house and this is when I first started, You know, a couple mixtapes here and there. And it was like, yeah. And then Johnny like, damn, you famous.


And I'm like, well, not really, You know what I'm saying? But I mean whatever. But that, that kind of like, I was kind of like Johnny's first celebrity kind, You know what I'm saying? Even though I was, my celebrity growth was at the same time, You know, as the jewelry growth. But You know, I just, it was a hell of a hustle for me. Me and Johnny clicked. So Y'all were in business Together, business together with great friends, family, You know, he's just a great guy too, man. He's a great guy to know. But definitely, man, that's my dog man. He changed my life. Johnny, Do people in Houston ever outgrow grills? Well, You know, grill, lemme tell you this, when grill, when we around, You know, the mid two thousands, You know what I'm saying? There was a time where the fad or or trend of grills was dying down, especially as it became like, You know, mainstream, mainstream commercialized.


Yeah. You know, but You know, the, the next generation picked it back up and that when the next generation picked it up, it was that, that made it a forever cycle. Now if the next generation wouldn't have picked it up, then it would've been like, okay, maybe we gotta wait 20 years or some 10 years like any other like bale bottoms or something, You know what I mean? I don't know. But when the next generation picked it up that that kicked off the cycle of this is the cycle of you might as a, You know, a individual outgrow grills because of your age. But it's all in my frame. I mean, Reggie Jackson got grilled. I made Reggie Jackson some grills. Yeah. You know, I think, and we were talking about that. I think he might be the, the most, I don't wanna say older, he might be the most seniors, You know, person that we made grills for the definitely man Triple OG Reggie Jackson.


But I was Gonna ask you, who's the oldest person You know, that got grilled And, but definitely Reggie Jackson that I know of. But I mean in, in terms of, well he was in Houston at the time, You know, when we did him. But I mean in terms of Houstonians, I don't know. Once you get to your fifties, You know what I'm saying? Some people kind of like, but at the same time there are people who come in, they're like, nah, I just turned 50. I don't care. I got my money right now on. I don't care. I mean, like I said, some of it's a mind frame 'cause you maybe you get into, you have your jobs or you have different priorities where you're like, I ain't worried about these grills. I'm trying to get a new kitchen. You know what I'm saying? But, And grills are expensive, especially the ones that you be having. Oh yeah. Did you have any influence on Megan's latest grills? The one that she had in Bigger and Texas video? Yes, man, big shout out to me.


Hey, Big shout to me. Matter of fact, we got these same grills. They're called a honeymoon set. Johnny Ma, we made 'em, of course. You know what I'm saying? But yeah, it's, it's, we call it the honeymoon set because there's a, at least a carrot on each tooth. So every tooth is a waiting ring. Mm. You know, but she got no shit is hard. I got, thank you. Thank you. Yeah. How much would they cost? Well, it depends on if you get, if, if they're, You know, on the size of the big stone, so You know, these could be, You know, 70, 80,000, maybe a hundred thousand. Yeah. Jesus. You know, I've seen people say all kind of outlandish numbers, but You know, I mean, if you want to tell, I mean I could charge you anything, You know, I could sell you this right now for a million dollars. It ain't worth a million dollars, but I can sell it to you for a million dollars. So, You know, I could sell you a grill for, You know, $20 million.


But it ain't what it's worth. You Know what I, how many grills have you thrown away God or chewed up or messed up? Oh my god. I don't gonna think about it bro. I Just, I just found the ones you made for me. I Still got 'em. I still got my Grill. Hey, lemme know. We, we make 'em, You know what I'm saying? I know. They might not fit as time goes on. Yeah, I got veneers now. I Don't know how that work. Yeah, we, we, it work on veneers. You might not want you like, nah, I ain't playing no games with these veneers. Yeah, I don't mess with the veneers. I just found a set of grills I lost though. These were my favorite grills, man. I used to, man, I just found 'em. I got my car painted. And when I,


The World is constantly changing. If it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple call play in a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, masters, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over 100 online Casino style games, all for free. Go to Chumba Casino dot com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


What's up y'all? This is Quest Love. And I'm here to tell you about a new podcast I've been working on with the story Pirates and John Glickman called Historical Records. It's a family friendly podcast. Yeah, you heard that, right? A podcast for all ages. One you can listen to and enjoy with your kids. Starting on September 27th. I'm going to toss it over to the host of Historical records, Emini to tell you all about it. Make sure you check it out. Hey y'all n here I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records. Historical records brings history to life through Hip Hop Slam. Another One gone. Ba bam, another one gone. The cracker the bat and another one gone. A tip A cap because another one gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the city bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing. Check it. And I wouldn't give up nine months before Rosa. Get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning into historical records. Because in order to make history, you have to make some noise. Listen to historical records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Got my, when I got my car back, my boy was like, Hey, these grills were, You know, under the seat. And I was like, huh, I've been looking for them grills for like 10 years And I, I just found 'em. So man, You know, there's a, there's still hope for the other ones I lost. But I definitely lost quite a few sets. You know, you take 'em out when you eating this other thing too. If I leave 'em in at all times when I'm smoking, when I'm eating, just imagine. Okay, I gotta watch, imagine I dip my watch in a latte and then I did my lot watching some lasagna and then I dipped my watch in a whole thing of chewing tobacco or something. I don't chew tobacco, but I'm just saying it is just for smoking, You know, so even it is just not gonna, You know, it's, even if you get it clean, it's not, it's gonna tarnish and it's, you just don't want to do the, it's not good, You know, it's not good practice.


But Johnny is always on me about man say man, take your grills out when you smoke. Take your grills out when you eating because it be, you leave your grills in all the time. Well a lot of it be 'cause we out in public, You know, I don't wanna take 'em out, You know, like whatever. It's just a habit. You've been doing it For a while. Just leave in or You know, I mean, even when I met my wife, I ain't take my grills out. Like for the first like six months she thought they was, I'd sleep with 'em. 'cause this is how I would live. Like they, they weren't permanent, but I would sleep with 'em. I would with, You know, I'd take 'em out to brush my teeth and put 'em right back in. If true. I was gonna Say that don't come with a smell. They don't come with a smell as long as you take care of your hygiene. Okay. They don't Six months. Yes. Nah, I would clean 'em with hydrogen peroxide or baking soda or regular toothpaste. And I, like I said, I would clean my, I never had a cavity in my life till I started drinking energy drinks and then I got cavities outside of my grills.


Like wherever my grills are not, that's why I got cavities. But before that I never had a cavity in my life. So I always had white privilege or hygiene. Tell us, Go ahead. I don't get Kevin Nothing. Hey, my mama 3%, my mama 3%. Is it true that guys from Houston propose with grills and not rings? It does happen that way. There is, there has been a few and sometimes the bride is not as heavy. She's like, I don't want this grill. I don want what other times they're excited, You know, so we do that. Sometimes we do his and hers, You know, for, for couples, You know, a lot of times it'll What's that? It'll accompany the wedding rings. Right, right. You know what I'm saying? So, so basically it'll be like you spend enough money on the wedding ring and we gonna hook you up on the grill. You know what I'm Saying? Do, do you ever get upset that your name's not included?


Like they'll say, Megan thee stallion got a grill from Johnny Dang, or Sauce Walker got a new half a million dollar chain from Johnny Dang N never. I, I think about that some, I mean, sometimes like people will say, Hey, why they didn't say that? Man. Never, never, never. You know, I mean the, the goal mission is accomplished. The mission was never for me to be famous or any of that. Even the first time I sold grills, You know, even up till now, it is not to make money, it's to hook my homeboys Up. You know what I'm saying? But when I first got, when I first got my first set of grills, I went back to the block. They like, damn, when you get those And we came with something new where it was like, okay, I couldn't afford something I wanted nice. So, You know, I couldn't afford diamonds or nothing like this. So I just wanted the gold white on yellow gold and gimme like a, a a white gold strip on the tip with a little diamond cuts so it'll make you think I got diamonds.


But I don't, I went back to the block and they like, damn, okay, everybody want one. So I'm like, okay, how can I get all my 20 homeboys and my cousins this, that, You know, how can I get everybody grills, You know, for the, the same price I paid or for a discount? I'm not trying to make money off 'em. I'm trying to hook them muscles that they shine so that when we all pull up we all look like, damn y'all must be from gum bankers. All y'all gonna go back shine like that. So that's what it was all about, was just about hooking my friends up. And then eventually that turned into, hey, my friend has a friend that want a grill. All right, well lemme sell it to him, make a little money. And Johnny started off as a wholesaler. So even him, You know, when you wholesale it's a different price to when you sell at retail.


So the retail markup on jewelry especially grills used to be 300%. So, You know, Johnny would mark it up 200%. He's still making a lot of money 'cause he's wholesaling it and marketing it up 200%. Yeah. You know, so, but of course all the other jewelers hate us. They especially hate Johnny. All the jewelers hate Johnny because he, You know, I mean he is the top dog. But when my name not included it, I, I don't even care about none of that honestly. Because, You know, I mean, You know, I did my part, I put my boy on, You know, he's the man that people want grills. They come to him and honestly it'd be a, a huge headache for me. They come to me, they want free grills, You know what I'm saying? You know, like, damn Johnny This, hey look Johnny look, I'm just send 'em to you.


'cause they, they going, they know they gonna pay what you but with me, they think they get free grill. So it's like, okay look, I can, some people will free grill, but I mean a honeymoon set. I don't know if you getting a honeymoon set free, You know Megan might be a little different. Of course you gonna hook Megan up, but You know what I'm saying? Like yeah, I I ain't never worried about that man. Salute to my boy Johnny d what's your teeth look like under that? They, they, I'm not gonna take off. They survive. I'm not gonna take them off. I've been taking my boy Johnny advice. So I do take my, I do take my grills out and You know what I'm Saying, when I smoke, but I got a little, You know, little coffee stains Here and that ain't too bad. I'll take 'em off, off camera so you can see and then you can tell, you can tell the woman I ain You go To the dinner though, right?


You get your tea? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So You know, for instance, like, You know, if I knew you was gonna ask me that, I probably wanted to clean em in. You know, he, he buff 'em real quick. 10 minutes they look brand new. Yeah. But You know, it's been maybe a month, so, You know what I'm saying. I got a month worth of smoking stains and coffee stains. I don't know, I'll have to show you off a camera. I Wanna ask you about the Houston music scene, right? When you think of Megan, Travis Scott, Don Tollywood, do you think Houston artists have to have a Houston sound sauce Walker too? Yeah. Yeah, For sure. Well, Sauce got a Houston sound. I, I mean, You know, be salute to all of the, the, the fresh new artists that are holding it down for Houston and for Texas. I mean the, the Houston style is so diverse, You know, I mean, we do have a core sound or like a core slang or a little accent, but I, I don't think so.


You got Toby Neway where he's doing his own style. You definitely hear the Houston in him though, You know, sauce Walker. He brought something completely new to the table to represent. We, he, he, he birthed a whole new branch of the hip hop tree in Houston, You know, with his style. You know, he, he created a new Houston style with it, You know what I'm saying? But even in that, you hear the Houston, You know, sometimes he got some screwing chop here and there hooks. So he, You know, makes some references or he got, You know, this and that, You know, whatever slabs of this, You know, he definitely got some Houston influence in there, but it's, he does it his own way. Same with Megan. She do it a hundred percent her own way. Don Tover, You know what I'm saying? Travis Scott, they for sure represent Houston. They got the Houston style, but they do it their own way and they, You know, they, they birthed new, new versions of the Houston style the same way like the Ghetto Boys, You know, were Houston.


But, You know, the screwed up clique was a, a different kind of form of, You know, the Houston style, You know, and the Switcher house was like a, You know, a product of that, You know, of course me being a screw head growing up influenced by the screw up clique, You know, and then, so the people influenced by us who came after us, they gonna be, You know, definitely man, You know. But I don't think they have to, You know, it's not like a monolithic type of style. Right. Where, You know, it used to be like when, when we came up, if you didn't sound like this, you not making it. You not making it. But there's a, You know, there's a lot of artists in Houston that, You know, they come with a, a, You know, a something different, but you still hear the Houston in them. But it's just something different. And I salute, I salute 'em for just doing their thing, whatever it is, You know, you gotta follow your path.


And I just, I'm, I'm happy to see how it's grown. You know what I'm saying? The hip hop tree is definitely flourishing in Houston. I was gonna ask, You know, I, I can't think of another market, maybe Atlanta a little bit, but there's no market that I see, like Houston where so many artists f with each other and y'all all come out and y'all all support each other. Like, I go to Houston a lot and I'll see you. I'll see Thug, I'll see Kiki, I'll see zero. Yeah, I'll, I'll see, You know, all you guys out together. And why is that there? Because you don't see that in New York. You don't see that in, in Memphis. You don't see that. You see it in Atlanta very little, but you see it in Houston all the time. Like, you guys don't leave Houston. Yeah, we definitely understand the importance of the comradery and the Unity Bun B two. Of course, For sure.


And You know, we definitely, You know, we understand that. So I, I think that's some of it. We, there's a little competition, You know what I'm saying? And the pie is only so big. So, You know, people, You know, every, everybody knew to get added to the pie. Everybody else's slice get a little bit smaller, You know? But I mean, that's just part of it. At the same time, some people kind of get phased out because they move on to other things or they stop making music or they stopped performing or just whatever, You know what I'm saying? But You know, the funny thing is, anytime we would go to New York, You know, Miami, Florida, anywhere in Florida, we go to Atlanta, we go anywhere, anytime we go anywhere, the local rap scene will always tell us, man, this crab's in a bucket out here, man, we need to stick together like y'all do in Houston.


They always would tell us that. But then when we come back to Houston, everybody in Houston say, man, we gotta come together like they do in Atlanta. We gotta come together like they do in Florida. And I'm like, man, You know, what are we doing? I mean, I think some of it is, there's a big entitlement of people expecting other people to do for them. Especially in, when it comes to artists say, man, look, I'm not a CEO, I'm not an A and r I'm not trying to sign nobody and put nobody out. My, my strong suit is being an artist. I'm not a good CEO. You do not wanna sign to me. You know what I'm saying? But for some reason in hip hop, we think, You know, another rapper gotta put us on. I'm gonna be the first one to tell you, man, it was two DJs to put me on.


So if you looking for a deal, go find a dj, not a rapper. I mean, look, when you've signed to a rapper, there are a few rappers who can become moguls or be moguls or whatever and spot talent and sign talent. But I mean, a lot of the smoke and mirrors of the music industry is somebody already signed, they already got a marketing campaign behind them and they just quote unquote signed to this artist to make it look good, You know? But really, they already signed the label art. They signed artist A already signed artist B, and they just trying to put you together to, to just build it up so that they can get a co-sign. You know what I mean? All Artists got a, a topnotch executive with them. Like for example, Wayne always had a test. Yes. You know what I mean? Yes. You, you got a, somebody who's an a and r or somebody who can like help put your stuff together like, and really see the bigger picture where they can just, you can just do your talent now.


So that's what I'm saying. When there's a, a lot of, You know, expectations and maybe entitlement of up and coming artists, especially when they dope, the dope they are the more entitlement it seem like they got, You know what I'm saying? Where they just expect The World to know who they are and love them. But I don't know that route. I don't know the route was a rapper signed you, I don't know the route where you dope and all of a sudden you snap a finger and you popping the route. I know is you work hard, you get told no, you keep working hard, you get told no, you keep working hard and eventually you find a way. That's the route I know. So anybody, You know, asking for advice, I could give you some great advice on that. Now, if you want advice on signing to a rapper, You know, you a rapper and you wanna sign to another artist.


I don't know that rap, all I know is horror stories from people who signed to other rappers who lil bro them their whole life took advantage of 'em their whole life. 'cause they was established and when you first signed that deal, you signing over all your rights, all your publishing and You know, whatever, You know. So I mean, I would advise against signing to another rapper, but I mean, that's just what we feel like we gotta do. So they'll be, that's how they judge your, You know, legacy now too as a rapper. Oh, well he, You know, his legacy isn't that great 'cause he never put nobody on. And I'm like, whoa. You know, there's plenty of people that me, slim Thug, Kail, there's plenty of people. We, Mike Jones, there's plenty of people we put on. They just didn't, they didn't make it. Yeah. And that's not our fault. That's, it's just how the nature of the industry goes, even for us to make it is them there like a lottery ticket, You know what I'm saying?


And 'cause it's, it is more than a one in a million man. There's so many rappers out there these days that do not make it. So for somebody to make it, man, it's, it, it, I don't know. I don't know what it takes. That's what I'm saying. But all I'm saying is yeah, definitely. It's, it is weird when a lot of people in Houston think that, You know, we gotta be like the other cities and the other cities think we gotta be like Houston and all we really gotta do is just keep grinding and find a way. I, I got another Houston question. We, we had Sauce Walker up here and he said that artists, he was talking about Drake use Houston for personal gain. Not talking about Drake specifically, but you think that's valid that a lot of artists use Houston for personal gain, but don't really pull back into the city? Oh, for sure. I mean, I mean, I think back to when DJ Screw died and You know, that might've been the first time I really realized it.


And you go to concerts and an artist comes in from another city, they could be any city, and this is, this would be a regular thing. Every artist comes in, they go on stage and they would say, Hey, rest in peace, DJ crew, just to get the crowd hype and make the crowd like love him. Of course they say that we love him, but then you, you talk to 'em or you hear 'em in an interview or whatever or you, and you realize they don't even know who DJ crew is. They can't stand the music, they don't like the coach that they just really doing that to try to like win over the crowd. And it's like, damn, okay, well if you really got love for this artist, that artist, why you ain't got no songs with 'em? Why you ain't never brought 'em on stage? Why you ain't never, You know, hung out with 'em, took no pictures with 'em, or, You know, why, how come when You know, the artists come to your city?


You ain't, you got love for 'em when you come to their city, but when they come to your city you ain't answering the phone. You know? But definitely, I mean, it's not just the Houston thing. I think that's just, it's just, You know, a lot of cities do that, You know, because it, it is just you trying to get on, you want to get love in that city. So it's like, okay, who's the popping artist that I can shout out or what song is popping right now that I can play? You know? I mean, I think with social media, a lot of the songs that are popping here are popping everywhere. You know, this, this popping every, You know, everybody's your neighbor now, You know, there's not a lot of localness, You know, going on 'cause of social media. But for sure, You know, the, the artists do it. Some of the, the bigger artists, You know, some of 'em more strategic, strategic in how they do it.


Some can hide their ulterior motors a little more than others. You know, I'm like, I'm, I don't split down the middle on it because part of me, I just appreciate that we don't get looked down on like we used to, You know, the Houston culture, You know what I'm saying? So even if someone's faking it, I just appreciate that they showing us love, You know? But then there's the flip side of, well, if you really got love for us, why you ain't got no songs with no Houston artist, this and that real, You know. Then the other flip side is this, You know, some of these artists who they say they don't have, You know, oh, this person don't have no songs. Well they do have songs with Houston artists. It's just not, You know, happen. I, I don't, because I'm one of those people where they used to always get on Travis Scott, I got, I'm on Travis Scott's song.


So every time someone say, man, how come Travis Scott ain't never put nobody from Houston on his album? I'd be like, well damn, what about me? Y ain't listening. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So, I mean, Megan just bought you out too recently. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. For sure. It was. So, I mean, the other side too is that, You know, when it comes to this, some of these artists be on a come up and You know, like I might have had an opportunity to, You know, to, to do something with this artist when they on a come up. But for whatever reason I don't, well now the artist blows up. They remember that. Yeah, remember that? Yeah. I lost my opportunity. That was my chance. You know, there's a window opportunity. I lost it. I mean, it is what it is. It's all good, You know, and that's not just with me. That's what anybody that's on and somebody trying to come up under you.


So, But you can't put everybody on though, so, no. Yeah. Yeah. And like, like I said, you can try your hardest to put somebody on and they still don't get on, You know? That's right. We can't choose what the people gonna like. Yeah. You Know? Yeah. Now you dealt with a lot of traumas in your life And I was watching a podcast where you sat down with Quincy and Fuzzy and you opened up about your biological dad, who was, you said a serial child molester. Yes. What effect did that have on you? That had a huge effect on me. One, growing up with a single mother, having a very small family. It made us, You know, tight knit. It made me appreciate family, it made me always want family. It made me aware. I was hyper aware of, You know, like the molestation type of stuff, You know.


And it also made me become an advocate, You know, as I got older in life, You know, Latino, when my girl Ms. Parker from Parents Against Predators. We do a lot in the community just in regards to that. But just personally, what it, what it did to me was from as, as long as I could remember, it instilled something into me to say, I'm gonna be a good father no matter what. I'm gonna be a good father. I'm not gonna let anything come between me and my kids. I hope one, I used to pray for one day to have kids. Like, I, I literally, yeah, I tell my kids just all the time on they birthdays, like, man, I used to pray for you. You know? So it, it always would make me like, want to be a good father, want want made me want to be the best father I could be.


Also, man, that interview too. Yeah. After that interview came out, I found out I got a cousin. Mm. Because somebody seen it. Yeah. And they was like, Hey, we saw you, you, you thought you ain't had no cousin. We you got a cousin. Wow. So, You know, I'm, I'm, I'm real grateful for that. I gotta, You know, my, my cut shot to my cousin Gina and her whole family of kids, all of them, man. But yeah, it definitely was something that, You know, was heavy on me in my whole life. Also, You know, it, it makes you realize that some people are walking around with trauma and you don't know it. Yeah. You know, so it, it makes you, You know, just 'cause somebody has a smile doesn't mean they're happy, You know, just 'cause somebody has a a a frown or a mean look doesn't mean they're mad at you. It could be going through something.


So, You know, it just, it, it, it just, it did definitely taught me a lot. Yeah. And your mom was a strong woman. You said your mom had y'all so scared that your dad would come and kidnap you. Oh yeah. Yeah. Because he had kidnapped a woman and married her. Yep. Yeah. He kidnapped a, he kidnapped a, a woman man. A girl, sorry, a girl. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And married man, this girl was 12 years old and he kidnapped her when she was 15. And I don't know, man, he got a, some type of judge to sign off on the marriage, took her to Canada, then next thing You know, something happened, they came back. You know, it's, it is a tragic story. Yeah. She ended up committing suicide when she came back. And, You know, it's, it is sad. The crazy thing about that is that at that time, You know, we would see my father on the weekend, my biological father on the weekends or every other weekend.


So sometimes we'd go over there and it'd be like, oh, it's new girlfriends over there. And I'm, You know, four years old. I don't know. Yeah. You know, but it's a, a 12-year-old in a wig with makeup, You know, we know that now, but at the time we don't know that. I just think, oh, that's my dad's, You know, girlfriend or something. And it's, it's so crazy to think like that. Damn you that close to, You know that. But You know what, you four years old, what do you do? You don't even know what's wrong, You know, what's going on. But it's just, it's, it's, it's tragic. Just, You know, of course that was my biological father, so it was hard for me. But I mean, of course it's worse for, for the girl, You know what I'm saying? Or whoever he did something to. So I never look at myself like I was like a victim or like, even the trauma I experienced, I kind of like put it under the rug.


I feel more for the, the victims that he hurt. You know what I'm saying? Like damn, like what about them? I mean, I don't really look at like my own, but for sure my mom, she used to, we used to walk around with a, a air horn like tied around my neck. So if you, and man, this is when kindergarten cop came out too, and he kindergarten man. So I was for sure terrified that I was gonna get kidnapped. And I remember one time, ooh, one time me and my sister went home. It was like during the summer or it was like something when my mom was doing something and we just at home And I remember my biological dad came to the door, knocked on the door, And I went and looked at the pee. And I remember being so scared I could not move.


I'm just sitting at this like, oh, I don't, what do I do? I couldn't move And I'm scared to move. He gonna see me or whatever, man. I'll never forget that. But yeah, my mama definitely, she had us prepared, You know what I'm saying? She had us prepared. That's Amazing. Wow. Well, The album once, back to the album Comes out this Friday. And when is the still tip to drop? I mean, it's still tipping to came and went. Yeah. Y'all, Y'all went, did like one show, Right? We, we didn't do nothing. Well, I mean we did, we did one show. Sure. We can do You Mike Jones Slim up. I mean it just, it started off, we did the Texans halftime show end March. Right. And I kind of said it. Yeah. I kind of said it like, almost like as a joke, like, hey we doing the still tipping tour. But when we, when we said that our phones started blowing up, we had people live Nate, all kind of people, more ad everybody just hitting us trying to, Hey, I wanna book 20 shows right now.


How much I wanna book 10 shows this and that, but Gotta have it together. We couldn't get it together man. You know, I wish we could, but we could get together. That's what happened. You, you spoke too earlier about you just kind of playing seed. I did something like that. Like before I got this job. Oh right. Oh, oh really? I went and sat that What you did party. I was like, yo, I'm the host of the breakfast stuff. They ain't even pick me up, You know what I'm saying? And then I thought I didn't get the job because I'm like, damn, maybe I shouldn't have did it, but I'm here today so shit, maybe we, maybe we might get some still We coming to the Brave Club Powwow Mike Jones Slim though. We come. That's right, the Album. Hold on. I got, I do got one more question on hop Shit. This is my last question. Yes sir. Little, I mean when TI, this little flip, he mentioned your name in there, right?


I always felt like conflicted about that. Exactly. I wanted to ask that because, because that's what kind of blew you up. And everybody was like, damn, ball wall. Get a grip ball wall. Yes. Ball wall. Maybe the hardest Grill ever bought son. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Man, I I man I remember being the Bayou Classic in New Orleans and people being like passing out flyers and somebody saying, Hey Sw, I might have been passing out my own, You know, my album or You know, buy some grills or something. I remember people being like, pow wow. Hey you the one with ti like, and it being like, damn, okay, that my boy got some reach. You know, this is when he was this before he blew up. Of course he got Reach now he was reaches The World, but he dis little Flip was Legend Was, that was the hard part because me and Flip being friends too as well. It is like, damn, of course Flip gonna feel a certain way.


You know? He gonna be like, damn, you rocking with him. That's how it is. Yeah. And I, of Of course he gonna feel that way. There's no way he couldn't. And You know, I could be like, well yeah, we friends, but I, I'm not choosing a side. I, I mean I don't know what to do. You know what I'm saying? It just put me in a tough situation. I mean the way I dealt with is I just, You know, laid low, You know what I'm saying? Tried to stay out of it. I really tried not to do too much explaining publicly. 'cause a lot of times they just make it worse it seemed like, You know? But it definitely put me in a hard spot, You know what I'm saying? It was good For business though. It was Good for business. Definitely. Lil definitely ti definitely gave, when he gave me that shot, powwow turned the bling down in your mouth. Oh yeah. Definitely was good for business. But, but I mean at the same time, little Flip probably was like, man, I ain't never getting no girl from Powwow again.


Did he, Did he stop shopping with you? Well, I mean even then he wasn't getting 'em from me. Johnny was still kind of making them, but You know, he was getting 'em from the other people or whatever. But How Flip doing To speak Finitely, we would make him a grill. Flip on a grill. I got you bro. I got you Y to speak. Yeah, for sure. Matter of fact, one of the songs on the album Swang Down With Zero. We recorded that song on Zero's birthday of, of this year's birthday. His birthday's like January 20, January 21st, I think it's the 21st. And we recorded it at Zero House. You say say Man my birthday come to the house, we drinking, eating come through. I said, came through and You know, I had the song. He's like, Hey, let's knock out this song. A Little Flip actually was his engineer that recorded it. Wow. I see Flip all the time. For sure. Man, flip we, we, boy he still my big bro.


Of course he came, we the same age, but he came out before me. You know, he definitely put on for Houston a lot, You know what I'm saying? But You know, I even still, when I see him, I'm be like, damn, I hope he ain't holding over my head. But if he do, I mean I can't blame him 'cause I, I get it, You know what I'm saying? But sh You know, that's definitely my boy man. You know, it ain't no hard feelings on my side. Of course, if you want to grill, I got, I I got you. Flip. What's up man? You know, but yeah, it's definitely, definitely made it a little weird, You know what I'm saying? Well, Let's get into it. Joint off that what you want to hear. Let's Play that swing down Me and Zero Powwow and Zero. We flipped that SWV Rain My Boys Beans and Cornbread. They produced it, You know, got my boys zero on there with Mery Wall and Big Ton. Yeah.


Let's Gone. Let's get into it right now. It's Paul Waller. Album's out this Friday. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club


Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over 100 online Casino style games, all for free. Go to Chumba Casino dot com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Hey everyone, it's John, also known as Dr. John Paul. And I'm Jordan or Jo Ho. And We are the Black Fat Film Podcast. A podcast where all the intersections of identity are celebrated. Ooh, chat. This year we have had some of our favorite people on, including Kid Fury, ts Madison, Amber Ruffin from the Amber and Lacey Show, and Angelica Ross and more. Make sure you listen to the Black Fat Fan podcast on the iHeartRadio app, I a podcast or wherever you get your podcasts, girl. Ooh, I know that's right.


Hey, y'all. Nini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Record Executive produced by Questlove, the Story Pirates and John Glickman historical records brings history to life through hip hop. Mad Slam, another one Gone. Ba bam, another one Gone. The Crack Gut A Bat, and another one gone. A tip, but a Cap's, another one Gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the city Bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing. Check it. And it began With me. Did You know? Did You know? Get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning into historical records? Because in order to make history, you have to make some noise. Listen to historical records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Yo, what up? It's your girl, Jess. Hilarious. And I think it's time to acknowledge that I'm not just a comedian. It's time to add uncertified therapists to my credentials. Because each and every Wednesday I'm fixing your mess on carefully Reckless on the Black Effect Podcast Network. Got problems in your relationship. Come to me, your best friend Acting Shady. Come to me, thought you was the father, but you not come to me. I can't promise I won't judge you, but I can guarantee that I will help you. Listen to Carefully Reckless on the Black Effect Podcast Network, iHeartRadio App, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


at and T connecting changes everything.


Hey guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. Listen to posts run high on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.