
Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you even had the time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully at t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


Black Tech Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities. That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State. Farm is there.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly, tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide


In this selection, we each face a question. What kind of country do we want to live in? We choose freedom. Freedom, the freedom not just to get by, but get ahead. The freedom to make decisions about your own body. We believe in the Promise of America and we are ready to fight for it because when we fight, we win. Keep on running because a winner don't quit on themselves. Paid for by Harris for president.


Turn it up. Music fans. This one's for you. Koch Studio is dropping fresh music and performances from artists you love like new Jeans, Carol g, Peggy Goo, usher, and Tyler and K's giving you chances to win a trip to one of the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke. A Coke zero sugar. 12 ounce can to unlock fan fueled music moments, no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US, DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility, and prize. availability@cokeurl.com slash Studio usa. Promo Corp Wright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club, Girl. Morning everybody. It's D-E-J-N-V. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy We are The. Breakfast. Club. Jess is on maternity leave, so along the roast is filling in and we got a special guest in the building. Ladies and gentlemen. Yes indeed. Nelly Ferdo. Welcome. Hi. Thank you for having me. How Are you? How you feeling? I'm good. How Are You? I'm blessed Black and Holly Favored New album Seven is Out Today. How does it feel to be Back? Congratulations by the way. On what? On your work you're doing for community. That sounds very Generic. I was on your Instagram. Oh, thank you. Was inspiring. She Did. She did her homework a little bit to make sure it was inspiring. See what she was talking to this morning.


Thank you very much. Yeah. How does it feel to be back making music? Incredible. Yeah, I'm sorry. Do you like this part? Having to come do interviews and be interrogated? It's not as fun sometimes nowadays 'cause everything's click bait And. I'm like, ah, what? You know. Sometimes that's challenging, but it's okay. I still like kind of share my vibe, my positive energy. So why so long? It, it took a long time. Seven years. Just busy. I like to kind of keep one foot kind of like in the real world and then one foot entertainment. 'cause entertainment's really fast paced and you have to really be out there to be successful. In my industry. And I, I take, I've taken the approach for the last 25 years to kind of do it go hard for a little bit.


But then for my own mental health, I kind of need to take breaks. And what do you do during those breaks? And just get around family. Yeah. What's And? I. See you going through your breathing exercises now? Kind of. Yeah. Yeah. I'm a Mom. You have a little panic attack. I'm A mom. No, I'm a mom. And so yeah, just like doing the mom thing and kind of like normal, normal life. And then, and then when I'm in the studio, like get to really express myself and write and produce and invite a lot of friends into the studio and have really late nights and fun nights. It's probably the most fun part is making the music for me. I enjoy concert. I've been out on stage again performing a lot.


That's been really refreshing and good. But like, yeah, you have to take care of yourself. You know what Part of mom life. Nelly Ferdo inspires music. Nelly Ferdo. This music ain. Mom life. This music Party. Yeah, because I'm gonna say, because you said bombing this. This is Brazil. I feel like you was all, we've Done that Though. This gives me spritzer vibes. Summer day. Thank You. I work hard Cocktail. Okay. You know very cash pink. What? What? Don't go ahead, continue. Look at her face. Okay, so there's a pink post-it. Note over there though That you sniff it off. Nobody notices it. No, I do have a lot of energy.


I mean, to be totally honest, my brain is like, it's different. My brain's different. I have a lot of channels in my brain. I have inattentive A DHD. And this time when I made this record, I was like, I'm just gonna lean into that. I'm gonna write 10 songs at once. I'm gonna invite 50 people at once to the studio. I am gonna stay up late till 8:00 AM I see what this brain can do. And so of course I like festive music. I went, I started to go out again a couple years ago. And I would hear my music everywhere. DJs would play it. People would dance to it. I'd heard it at house parties Still slaps. Thank you. Promiscuous Girls still slaps. Thank you. Even have if If you hear I'm like a bird at a house party. It, it goes down too really well. You, yes.


You didn't work with Timberland this time, right? We have been in the studio, but for our own single we released last year. We, we talk all the time. We're we're You know. We're You know Family for Life, I believe. I think we have very similar natures when it comes to creativity. I think that's why we make special music together and we will again. For sure. But nothing made this album right? There's no no Timbo. A lot of It said you made four, 500 Songs. Yeah. It felt like say, oh, I had the vocal say your breath Felt, feels like it sounded like Timbaland Little bit. I Got the vo ts T minus T-Minus is quite influenced by Timbaland. He's a big fan of Timbaland's work. I don't know. Are you familiar with t's work?


He, he does a lot for j Cole. He produces most of Jake Cole's stuff. And he's had some, some great records over the years. But what's great about him is he's passionate. I like to work with people who sure they, they're in the business, but it's more than business. It's family You. know what I mean? It's like you're invested. He wanted to brand the best of me. So we do have some really, really good beats on this album. Brutally good, high quality production. Timbaland's favorite song. I've played him a lot of records. His favorite song is Floodgate, which is produced by FNZI dunno if You know their beats, but, but Save Your Breath. Actually I co-produced and did a lot of vocal production, but T Minus actually came with that rhythm. It was different before. And it's a lot of my friends on, on the song. Yeah. It Said you recorded four to 500 songs in the last four years.


I have. That's a lot of music to narrow down to just a couple foot album. So how did you narrow it down and why so many damn songs? Because I don't write, like, I can't, I can write just on my own, like with a guitar and do that. I wrote, I'm like, I'm like a bird that way. But when I'm in the studio, I like what I, the approach that I took is I turn the microphones on And I, I make it sound like I'm outta show. So I put the speakers and everything really loud. And then I have everybody with microphones including me, everybody. And then I, I I will only hear the music in the studio when, when proto is going And I can record everything I do because my lyrics and melodies come to me at the same time. Whole entire songs come that way. It just kind of comes. Were You a talkative child?


I I, I did that when I was a kid. I, I didn't talk that much, but I, I was, I would sing. Yeah, I would just sit there and just make up songs and they'd make me feel emotional and cry. And I didn't quite understand it, but, but it is probably the only thing that I do. Well That's not true. That's not, that's not millions and millions of things. So I don't have energy drink. I don't have a beauty line. Don't believe that. Don't, I don't got patience for that. So this is natural. All I got patience for is music. Which one? Just this energy you have is natural. Is that weird? You making me a little nervous. What? You don't know. You just moving and you talking fast. And I'm like, she said she me her, she said though, right.


Oh, I didn't hear that part. Yeah, I didn't hear that part. Thanks for listening. I'm sorry. That's why she, that's why she opened With commenting on your, your mental health work. 'cause she said she deals with a DD her mental health stuff. Yeah. And I think it's because she was moving fast. It might have went over. I completely, No, for real. Like before, I only got diagnosed a couple years ago, but as a child and growing up in my teens, my I'd be that girl that my friends would be like, where did she go? 'cause I would just stare in a space and And I thought I was a scatter brain. All the things You know and would judge myself. Or I thought I was unorganized or lazy or procrastinate. But yeah, it's just that. How did You do school? People warn me sometimes. So I ignore them. What do you mean? I'm just saying in general, like these two, I ignore him all the time.


Like we talk it just it. So we ignore him too. We Did. That's why we locked in over here. Ain't no switching up. We don't know what he beat over there door. Mm. That's okay. What was it when you, when you were diagnosed, how, how old were you? Sorry. Sorry. He's sorry. It's a file cabinet in here. Just dis code it. Yeah. How old were you when you were diagnosed with a DD? 43. 43. Okay. So what was that like? Actually having like a, okay, I know what this is now. I know how to Oh yeah. I read a lot of books about, oh, particularly women with a DHD. 'cause the experience for women's a little different. You know. 'cause You know there's more pressure.


You know, especially moms, right? It's like You know you're supposed to have your, your house together. You know in, in all the ways and yeah. So just self-acceptance, self love You know You got three kids, right? Three, Yep. Yes I do. And two, two year 21, 6 and five. Oh, so the 6-year-old and 5-year-old don't know nothing about music. Nelly Furtado sorta A little bit. Okay. Only 'cause my, I have a friend Lido, she's a, she's another artist. Li Lido. She's from Columbia. And one day we were chilling 'cause we're all friends. Like the kids are friends with her kids and she said these, they don't even know what you do. Let's like, You know, let's play them something. And I said, okay, only if I could play your thing too. So we kind of shared that, that side that day.


Which is song? What Song did you play? What was the first song? It was Say It Right. Okay. I think it was a Live Performance in Paris or something like that. Yeah, they liked it. What vibe were you on when you wrote Promiscuous Girl Back, back then? And what did your parents think of it? My parents. I mean, I was young. I was already at the house at that time. I mean, I already had a daughter. I already kind of had my own house. But I don't know, I've never asked my mom Ever. She's never like commented though, like, Hey, hey, the song. 'cause I mean, no. Yeah, I don't think so. Well, I mean, I remember being 14 in our house growing up and Salt and Peppa had a song.


Let's talk about Sex. Yeah. And it would come on the little radio in my kitchen and my mom would be like, then turn it off and I'd be at the, so I grew up on like TLC, salt and Peppa. Absolutely very empowered You know in talking about sexuality and talking about choice. So I believe Promiscuous is a song about choice. And what I like about it is the male voice and female voice, voice on it. Even playing field in the song. But interestingly, interestingly enough, people still call it Promiscuous Girl. But the song's actually called Promiscuous. It's not Girl or Boy. Oh. Because of the Hook. I think I always thought it was Promiscuous Girl.


No, just curious. Wow. Yeah. And this new album Seven, what, what does the number seven mean to you? I know, I know it's your seven for album. I know you put out an album seven years ago, but what does the number seven actually mean to you? To be honest, I kind of wanted a title that's like really simple. Like a, almost like a fashion collection. Fashion collection. And I Love the song Seven by Prince Prince is one of my favorite artists of all time. And I got to meet Prince a few times. And I opened for him before And I don't know, his music just touches me in a way. So I think that's another, that's another sort of thread.


I, I wonder You know, because you had so much success with Woe Nelly, how has your relationship with fame and success evolved over the years? Because there had to be a point where you felt like it was too much, Right? Several times. Okay. Yeah. The first, it's, it's good that you mentioned the first time because the first time, yeah. When I did my, I did my first album. I think a lot happened very quickly. Things like You know opportunities, great opportunities. You know. One of my first TV performances was SNL. Wow. Like, what the hell? I was 20. That was amazing. Deer in the Headlights You know, like, Did you understand it at that time at you said 20 that how big it was? Or were you just like, I gotta do this thing? I signed my record deal when I was 20.


I just loved music so much. I wouldn't do anything You know. I'd love the music. So I was just happy to share the, the music 'cause I write my music You know. So it was like the music nerd inside of me was all, oh actually, to be totally honest, I was competing with people that had been You know, had been, have been kind of grown. They had grown up in the spotlight, right. Maybe through like You know the Disney Channel or anything like that. Right. But I, I grew up singing in, in church or in school. I didn't have experience in front of the tv. I was very nervous singing on TV at verse and my voice would shake. It wasn't until my third album loose that I started more choreography and kind of come into play a character.


You know How difficult it was. It coming from Canada Kind of hard at the time Because now it's, it's, it's, it's acceptable, right? You see so many artists from Canada. Yeah. Whether's the weekend, Drake or whatever. But back then it was like, they looked at Canada as a whole different world. It was the best kept, kept secret in the late nineties. Like when I first, I moved there from the West coast, from Victoria, a really small town. And I moved to Toronto, And I. I was just 17 years old. I had a trip hop group called Nail Star. I worked at an alarm company during the day in customer service. And the alarms broke a lot. They're wireless. That's not a good idea. And then I would sing and use the paycheck to pay for my recordings.


And we had a burgeoning hip hop, urban electronic. It get me goosebumps when I said that. I, I feel very, I I have a lot of really nostalgic feelings for Toronto at the time. And so to watch it grow has been really fun. Blame Drake for all the growth and in the weekend as well in the weekend. Yeah. I love his new song. Ber too. Beba as well. Yeah. It was at the time you had to go to the states and sign a record deal in the US really to really crossover. But in Canada, the reason why you have so many amazing artists who come from Canada is 'cause we actually, we promote our local music in Canada. There's a rule, you have to pay 30% local music.


Mm. So if you're listening to the radio growing up or watching tv, you're gonna see 30%. It's called CanCon. Really? So you see Canadian. Yeah. So Drake, that's why he references so many Canadian things. And you might be, what's that You know, it's 'cause we're all You know, grew up respecting and, and liking the things culturally that we grew up with watching, which are very Canadian. That's invest into it. Exactly. And so I love that the arts, there's a lot of arts grants and things a like that to, to kind of develop artists, which is really nice. And I think that's why it's, it feels strong and healthy and, and making this album, I made a lot of it in Toronto. It's so easy to find talent there. Like any musician, anything. And you'd like, there's so much talent. It's crazy. You, you, you said something earlier. You said that you, you had to play a character.


Oh well when you're on stage. Yeah. Okay. I think I studied, started studying, acting right before I made loose. And yeah, I learned how to kinda get into a character and, and what that means, You know. And so I think in a song, I started realizing that in a video you can create a whole narrative in your mind the way an actor does. I got a couple of roles from that. I think You know if people watch videos of mine, I say, well think you could do this. You know And I how I got a, a role in Max Pain. I have a small scene with Mark Wal because the director said, I saw Say it right, And I feel like you could pull off this role. But I remember creating a whole narrative in that video. 'cause like, I don't ride around in a helicopter, like at a say red video. I'm in a helicopter. So in my head I said, okay, what am I?


Who am I? I am, I like You know I'm from a wealthy family or something. I have a helicopter You know where am I going? Am I gonna a party? And I, spy You know. So you create something in your mind so that the performance looks and feels a certain way. Did you ever get lost in character so much just getting lost in the whole Nel only Frit, Tardo, the performer of it all that you had. That's, that's another reason why you had to step away. 'cause you might've been losing yourself a little bit. Let me think. Mm, I'm trying to think. I mean, I think again, it's a fast-paced business. Yeah. You know what I mean? It's fast paced and so you don't have a lot of time to, to ground or balance or, because it's the nature of travel, right? If, you're flying around The, World doing concerts. Like you don't really have a lot of time to sleep or You know.


So of course you're gonna get burnt out to answer your question. Yeah. You're gonna get burnt out. So yeah. And then the, the added bonus of when you live real life, you write really good songs like If, you just like live it out. It's like, okay, you're, you got a lot of content You know. Whereas right, imagine if you're just like on the road. I mean there are people who write really good albums on the road. Timbaland used to have a bus on, I don't know, which was it? I dunno which tour it was. But he had a whole studio bus. He recorded an entire album every night after he got off stage. So depending on what kinda music you make and what inspires you, did you party a lot? Anything is possible. Did you party A lot? 'cause this is a party album.


So did you and this album? Yes. Very uptempo party. Like I feel like I went out and celebrated a lot. Yeah. I was like in my element, And I think that there might've been other people around that were like kind of maybe like I get some tequila or something like that. But I, I don't really drink in the studio. I don't, I don't, I don't do drugs or drink. I don't do any drugs. But I, I I drink tequila once in a while, but not in the studio. Like I'm based totally sober. Every song I've ever written, I've been a hundred percent sober. I'm actually proud Tequila's Plant-based. So that's Tequila's Plant-based. No, I know Tequila is is nice, but I don't, I don't, I don't actually, I don't write or record under the Influence.


And I've never done a co like oh, one time I had like a couple sips alcohol before a show, but it was like just a couple songs. And I was like, I'm never doing this again. I felt so dizzy. Oh wow. Yeah. I felt I was gonna like, I have felt flushed and so Yeah. Music is subjective though. 'cause it's all about perspective, right? Like Envy said he feel like he get the party vibe, but then some people can say they feel like you're healing from a heartbreak on this album because the songs like Love Bites and Ready for myself and Save Your Breath. So what was your And I can't even say. What was your mental state when you was doing this album? Because you did 500 songs. What's your vibe I guess? Okay, so I had a breakup and then I was like hurting the day one four Dude. It started off so sad. Like the BSides are like a whole other record. They're like a really sad emo folk album because I got there, And I was like, hmm, wow.


I haven't been here in five years. I haven't been to the studio in five years. I took a break. I had my two babies back to back 14 months apart. I kind of took, I took time off to be like a, a stay-at-Home Mom, which I also love. But it was time to get back in and kind of find myself again. 'cause I think we can all relate after breakup. You sometimes lost. You're like, whoa, who am I? You know, why did Y'all break up If? you don't mind us asking Like, Oh y'all, that's you, you I was to ask that because some of the songs are safe life love bites Ready for myself, which I guess ready for myself. Is that you finding yourself again? Oh, that's a fun one. Yeah. I think, okay. The truth is, I, I did a lot of self work in the, the the, like I started this album four years ago.


And I was doing a lot of journaling, a lot of like, a lot of like You know therapy. Yeah. Just like really kind of getting to know myself, which is another added bonus of not being on the wheel all the time. You know. But Save Your Breath kind of gives like You know you're in a good space now. Like you're kind of love moving forward. Whatever. Thank you so Much. Record B Thank You. That means a lot to me. I'm proud of that one. It's actually probably the one I'm proudest of. Kind of on my whole career actually. Really? Yeah. My friends drawn it. Your whole Career? Yeah. Whole career As is. Wow. Wow. I, I don't know. But I was, I brought that one up because it's like, to envy's question like what are you, what were you moving on from? Like, what was the, like you said it was life, but like what is life like things happen in relationships.


What are those things for you that you're like, this is a no for me it's time for me to be ready For myself. Just reinvention. Just like you gotta reinvent yourself. I think I thrive off that though. I like that space. You know. I like that space of like, it's just me. 'cause I don't know. I'm pretty good at being single. I'm good at it, man. Lauren, first Of this is my first. It Is my First. She for A time being single ever in my adult life. You know kind of me too in my forties. Yeah, in Your forties After three kids. Yeah. So it was back to back to back for you. Yeah. I had a lot of back to back and then, yeah. Yeah. It's like, kind of like You know suddenly single and and like and just Taking a breath Three and really knowing yourself.


It is kind of a gift. Yeah. Do you at, at this point in your life, like what is getting back to a relationship at some point look like for you? Because I mean, you've been in relationships 43, 3 kids. Like are you looking to like marriage next or do you just wanna have fun? Like what is next for you? Just dating Said no, I'm on like fun dates. Yeah. You know. Yeah, let's go eat whatever. Have fun. That's It. I'm here for it. I understand. Period. Now this is switching gears open. But now I was gonna say, well I see stay tuned. Kamala Harris used your record, Man. Who's going there next? Vy. You guys were so funny. We were saying So how did that feel when you heard her using your record? Did you hear, did she use your record man or no? Of course. Okay. Yeah. Did they ask you to clear it or did they just use it all the emoji?


No, it's TikTok. I don't know. It's just like, it's what it is. I, I I'm, I'm honored. Yeah. You think that song scares men away from you? Oh wait, I think I was asked that before. Like, oh wait, are you really a man eater? I like by guy, but no, I don't think it shouldn't. It's just a song. Should it? I dunno. I don't think it should. I think it's your lay I think whatever you wanna do, you can do ma'am. Nothing wrong. You lay down Your groundwork of, of what he should feel when he is in your vicinity. I I, you're interesting in me.


'cause I just like the space you're in. 'cause you are in your own world. Like you have your own energy. Thank you. And I. Think that's probably why you Gotta preserve your energy, right? Absolutely. And, and not let anybody else shift who you are. Like the whole time we're talking to you, I'm like, oh, there's nothing that's going to shift who she is. She's comfortable with who she's Thank you. I've worked really hard at that. It doesn't come overnight, that's for sure. And I think that's why sort of my ability as a producer and musician has gotten better and greater. Because now I think when I'm in the studio, I was always confident. I mean, for sure You know I as an individual, but, but in now I'm, I just, I don't have such healthy sense of detachment and boundaries.


I don't, I'm not trying to feel everybody's feelings. You know with that empathy. Like that could be absolutely. That could be hard. You know, And I get the sense that you are just having fun now because you realize, yeah, this, this, this shit ain't really about nothing. You got your kid, you can yeah. Go home. Be a mother when you want. Yeah. I do have a lot of other interests like outside of music I get. I mean, they're not that exciting, but, but I mean dancing, And, I like dancing. I like, that's why tiktoks fun. You can do dance, go to the dance studio. It helps me, my state of mind, the choreographies the discipline. But yes, to answer your question, I did use it as almost like a like to get through the last few years. And I was like, okay, well identity, right?


I was talking about identity. I was like, okay, well what am I good at? I forgot that how good I was at music. I was like, wow. Really? Yeah, man, I got to the studio. And I was like, wait, I'm really good. And then my songs kept getting played again by DJs Wow. And on social media. And it was like, I felt called back to it. I felt like, okay, it's easy to like second guess yourself when you have like maybe one hit and you're like 25 You know. And you can maybe have a lot of feelings of You know, like you're not sure. But when you're 25 years into a career and then your songs are still touching people, you're reaching brand new audiences, you're reaching kids that weren't even born when the music came out, that starts to feel very real, very authentic and something you can maybe lean into a little bit more with a little more confidence.


Right? And so that's what's happened to me the last few years. I found my identity again with my craft of like, I'm good at this. I've always been good at this. It's about the music You know. That's interesting because your lyrics always have explored like, themes of identity and love and self-discovery. So now these new personal experiences are influencing I guess this new messaging, so to Speak, in the music. Yeah, I always say so. I would say so. It's just beginning and kind of You know. I mean, you gotta stay in there to, to be good You know to be a good like to, you gotta be in the studio a lot. You. know what I mean? If, you wanna stay like on top of your game. You can't really rest even you have to kinda keep going. And I found lately. Yeah. I'm gonna, it's all about the, the the flow that you're in and bless you.


Thank you. And and access to that originality of sorts. You know, I always wanted to know how did you and and Timberland meet? Like how did that relationship come so strong? And then Justin Timberlake later on, like, you guys were a strong three. Oh, people thought you was gonna trio. People thought y'all were gonna do an album with each other. So how did y'all initially meet? It's a really special chemistry between the three of us. So the really cool, my little origin story with Timbaland, if we'd like to hear is that in 2001 You know I put out my first album Won Elli in 2001 song called Baby Girl. It's kind of like ing it's like a vocal, a vocal arrangement.


We did Timbaland heard the song and someone from a writer company said, Hey, Timbaland Timbaland's a fan of yours. He wants to sample this song, but he'd also like to meet you and like to come to the studio. So right away I was a huge fan already You know Misses albums and Aliya and everything. So I went to the studio and we hit it off from the jump. Like right away it was like I had to get in the booth. And I started singing over the song. I mean, he didn't had invited me to sing at that point. I just was like, I need to sing, turn the Mic on. And then I was on the song and it was a sample for Miss Jade, an artist he had at the time. I did not know that that Jade was a Jade. Jade. So that was a sample of your original song? It was. I did not know That.


He sampled me. Wow. And then the story doesn't end there. I ended up touring with Miss Jade. She, I had had her opening for me on tour in the US and then Timbaland came for a little run too. He did a turn off the light remix. But in addition that very first day he goes, I want you to hear something sit down. So we sit in like I sat in the good spot right in front of the speakers and he played me Get your freak on I Miss Elliot. Yeah. And no one had heard it. Wow. I was probably one of the first people to hear it. And he goes, Missy, once you on the remix, can you go to, I'm sorry, but I don't remember the state we went. It was, it must probably Virginia where Virginia, we went to record it. Can you fly down to Virginia next week or whatever. And I said, yes.


And I am literally 22. And I. Remember I went with one of my best friends. I just flew there on my own. And I get to the studio and Missy's like, Hey, what's up? You know, I saw your video. I'm like a bird. And. I was like, who's this girl in she and like the Princess Leia buns. Like this is, this is so cool. You're like, like your energy. I feel like you started doing her sound effects to her. Like beep beep. Did you do stuff like that? I did. Tells me you did. Well she just left me with the engineer. She's like, okay, I'm gonna sit out here. Here's my engineer. You know Brian. I don't remember his name. Sorry Brian. But And I sat in the studio. And I was like, okay, it's game time. I gotta hit this verse out of the park.


And when I was coming up in Toronto, I would do this thing where I'd try, I had too many lyrics. And I had to try to fit 'em all in the bars. So I had to come up with a way to sing rap them You know. And so that's the style you hear on that record that I get your freaking remix. Mm. So I'm in there And. I'm like, I gotta hit another. She's gotta love it. Okay. And I just like, yeah, I just went for it. And then she did love it. So She first verse you laid, she was like, oh, this is It. Yeah, that's it. Done deal records. Yeah. Wow. And Justin Timberlake. How did Y'all meet? Justin met. So Timbaland, And, I flew to You know, make Good on the promise of all our earlier remixes Jimmy Iovine from my labor. So you gotta go work with him again and and fulfill the promise of that chemistry.


Got You know. So I was like, yeah. And we were in the same state of mind musically. We were listening. Ooh. A lot of like really cool stuff. Like kind of rock and like, just interesting a mix of things. We were on the same wavelength. I flew to Miami and started cutting loose with Timbaland. We finished loose. Justin heard it and You know kept going with Tim and finished Future Sex Love sounds. And so while I was finishing my record, Justin was starting that and he came through the studio and yeah, he's so impressive. He's, he's a real deal. Really talented. And he was like right there when we wanted him to be on this, this new song we put out last year called Keep Going Up.


And I know it just feels You know. I think actions speak louder than words in a way. You know with that, with family and the idea of supporting You know artists. 'cause You know how it is. It's business, right? So it's cool when people can You know, deliver that way so quickly. It was a quick turnaround. We were, we just made the record and we put it out. And Were there any, 'cause those are like historical, like you listened to Missy Elliott's song before anybody heard it and that song is You. know what I mean? It's huge. Were there any songs that you got to hear first and you were like, oh, maybe it's not for me. And then it like became a staple icon. Like that song? Yeah. We thought promiscuous was just gonna be like a club record just for the clubs. We thought it would just kind of just come out. People dance to it for a bit and then, and then it just shot to number one.


It was number one for,


In this election, we each face a question, what kind of country do we want to live in? We choose freedom. Freedom. The freedom Not just to get by, but get ahead. The freedom to make decisions about your own body. We believe in the Promise of America and we are ready to fight for it. Because when we fight, we win. I'm Gonna keep on running because a winner don't quit on themselves, Paid for by Harris for president.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need or want. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. It feels good knowing that at t has your back. They take out all the guesswork and the stress letting you get back to simply doing you. Whether you're a dedicated entrepreneur, a multihyphenate creative, a busy parent, or all of the above, you deserve a service provider that gets you and your needs. So relax and let at t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 and Nissan. Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight, an available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus, with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. An available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill. And start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-Wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure Cargo


Roku has what you need to make your college home away from home. Feel more like your own. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku tv. Or bring a Roku streaming stick to easily access all your favorite free and premium content like iHeartRadio. Stream your favorite playlist with the Roku vibe, setting smart light strips to sink your music to millions of colors and make your dorm feel more like you. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku TV's, streaming players and smart lights. Head to Roku dot com or your favorite retailer to deck out your dorm.


Hey, hey, it's John O'Brien from Money and Wealth on the Black Effect Network on iHeartRadio. I'm inviting you to come to join me at Black Week October 15th through 18th in the big Apple, New York City. Black Week is an economic conference that aims to move our culture forward and drive greater economic opportunity to diverse businesses, suppliers, and professionals. As an entrepreneur and businessman myself who has created over 40 enterprises and a leading expert in financial economic inclusion, I understand the power of economic opportunity and financial literacy, which I think is a civil rights issue of this generation. Come be a part of this first of its kind event intended to unlock the potential of black and diverse creators and consumers. Helping you to get into the C-Suites where these decisions are made. Tickets can be purchased@blackweek.co slash register where you can use my exclusive code JB Black Week Week to receive 20% off your executive registration and hear me speak Live Black Week 2024, October 15th through October 18th in New York City. Claim your spot today.


Some weeks and weeks. I think you're talking about people that like your artists, like where they bring you on. 'cause I feel like you, you had such a wave of popping songs. Yeah. Oh my God. Jurassic Five. Jurassic five used to record in their house in LA and they, I'm on a song called Fin Line, the Roots Phonology. I was like listening to Cody Chestnut before. 'cause I heard Cody Chestnut's whole thing before he came up with that album. 'cause he would be hanging in Philly with the roots. Shout out Questlove. Still friends with Questlove after all these years. We used to, I used to sing is to sing. You got me on on the area one tour that Outkast was on with the Roots. And so the, he's, he's the realist, one of the realists in the business, I think.


And basically, yeah, the Phonology album. I'm on that album too. I don't know. So Cody Chestnut pretty legendary. He, he'd be hanging around in Philly and we heard all his songs. Shoot, I now you're like, now I'm like, I like this type of conversation. I'm like, You know You thinking about good Times. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And it's like just cool like records just cool stuff Before, before it got, I keep thinking. Yeah, the good question. Before It got too businessy before the business took over. That's what it feels like when you was just Like, you mean now the business now versus the how the business used Be? Yeah. Like it seems like back then you, when you're talking, it was just creative and it was fun, it was art.


You was doing it for the love, but then you blew up. I Mean, well, I mean it was, I mean, I dunno because I felt like I kind of blew up with my first album. 'cause I was already like on pretty big tours and doing, but it was a different type of thing I guess than Loose. 'cause then Loose was, I guess even bigger than that album. So yeah. But I'm trying to think. I'm trying to, ah, man, I'm trying to think of some other songs. I like that. Yeah. Oh, there's a Little Wayne remix of Man Eater and he recorded it in Miami. Do You know Saw Man Eat? Do you ever Heard, is he rapping about eating Miton? No. That never, we never heard that though, right?


Huh? We never heard that remix, did we? I think someone leaked it like recently. Not that like, I feel like If you could probably find it on, on the internet, but because the, his, his studio was, was right right beside where Jimin would work right there at the Hit Factory. And, and he, he came through and did like, he did a really amazing verse and we had a remix. I, the music's totally different. I performed at Remix before, but not with Lil Wayne's first. But cool little things like that You know. Yeah. Can I, can I ask about motherhood? Can I ask you about motherhood? Sure. How has motherhood like influenced your perspective on life?


And I isn't your daughter. I have three kids involved in This album too. Yeah. Actually, yeah. She's turning 21 tomorrow, same day my album comes out. Wow. And she's credited as one of the ars on the album actually. And she works in the music business. She's working already at the second Ragger company she's worked at. And she's, she's in marketing a and r. She goes to NYU and she's dope. Really smart. Are you, is she like the person that you're afraid to play your music for? Yeah. Sounds like I thought a crazy song with my friend and my friend played it for her and I'm like, ah, you played her that one. It's just like You know Good critiques though. Nanny song. What is she normally saying back to the, the music she doesn't like? What does she say? Did she tell You what? She doesn't like something. What does she say? She Be like, your mom looks black.


Of course. Yeah. Yeah. She's very opinionated and she's talented. So, so she, she has some co-writes too. She wrote some stuff on the album too with me. But it was like super low key You know, like no big deal. 'cause she has the little other administrative side as well. So anyways, yeah's a process. She reminded me actually to kind of be real with my sound and she kept saying this one thing. She said, mom, there's two You know you need to make the music three dimensional You know this beat isn't three dimensional enough. It's like too basic or like your vocals or like you, it needs to, we need to round out the sound. Like real kind of, I guess I feel like she was thinking about everything kind of like, like she a and r well a and r kind of like creative director, like tiny Desk I did recently.


Yeah. She was very involved and was like, no, you gotta do this. She's the one who told me to do the Get your freak on remix. Wow. She said you must do that one. Is she your most, most honest a and r ever? Like your most honest critic? Yes. Wow. It's kinda like, it's cool having kids, especially they become adults because it's the closest thing to having like a, a second brain You know. And you're like, I wish I had two people so I could get more done. You know. So she'll like come in like in those moments You know where I'm like, I need help You know finishing this artwork or like, what do you think? Like You know. Yeah. It's really, really, it's been a blessing. Did you want her to be in the music industry? No, I didn't. I really kept her away from the spotlight. Yeah. Yeah. I protected, I tried my best to protect her privacy.


'cause You know, like You know. I think that's important and because motherfuckers Are crazy. Yeah, yeah. Yes, yes. Yeah. I mean, How you gonna You know? You gotta, you gotta know who you are. You gotta become you. Right? And I think that's important. And yeah. So music business. Do I want my kids to be, you can't fight it if they're talented. Yeah. I don't think You know what I mean? Did just look at somebody like Justin Bieber, like it's clear he wanted to be there singing like this. Some music was coming out of him at a young age as a kid. And You know I was singing at a young age, but You know I didn't get to do it professionally till later. But I'm grateful 'cause I got to go to college for a bit. I got to backpack in Europe, I got to go to prom.


You know. But it's gotta be tough. I got To work the alarm company. You know. It's Gotta be tough when you're disconnecting from the industry and your daughter wants to be in it. Oh, I don't mind. It's two different Facets too. I don't mind because she's more on the marketing. That's the business side You know what I mean? So I'm just always like, was That her choice or did you encourage her to go in from that side and just do the creative stuff with you? Became natural. Gotcha. It was natural. She, she actually didn't go into the studio with me besides for like, maybe as a kid, a baby once in a while. She didn't go into the studio with me until she was 16. Mm. And she discovered she loved it, so. Yeah. And You know, you have reinvented yourself a a bunch of times across a bunch of different albums. So what, what makes you want to explore new sounds and, and, and themes and new creative directions besides your daughter?


What makes you want to do it? Oh, Me. Oh, I'm a curious mind. I just have a curious mind. I mean, I have an entire album in Spanish I put out in 2009. I, my parents are Portuguese. They're from the Azos Islands. And I. Don't know. I just grew up with a lot of eclectic music. I was in the Portuguese marching band. Like my grandfather was a marching band composer. I You know, would just hang out and record dance music with my DJ friends or, or more like hip hop with, with my friends that had hip hop groups or whatnot over the years. So I, I, I don't think I, I see music in terms of genre. You know. I don't, I I see it as a language. Mm. So that's really what inspires me.


'cause I think more than anything, I like people. I like people You know. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So that's what the curiosity is like on Save Your Breath. Actually that artist is from is from Haiti. Will Ann wanna wait? She's my, my friend, my collaborator's mother. And she's actually a TikTok star. She's a motivational, she has a motivational sort of TikTok She does. And she's, she's a great artist. She's probably 55, I think she is. And then my friend's mother Tabor, she, she's 77. She's on that record too. She used to sing with Rick James. Wow. Yeah. And then Ty Banks, who's a very successful drag queen and a good friend of mine is on there too. 'cause it's, and that's why I say this is a community recording because it's just, I love bringing people together.


Did you ask her about Rick James? Did you be like, Hey, widow old Chappelle episode drill? I don't know. I'm Sure X game stories with Rick James. It sounds colorful. Yes. It sounds it sounds colorful, but, but, but yeah. We, geez, I I just, I love that you asked me that. 'cause I think that's What about cocaine? No, about having an interest in like eclectic, like You know I'm interested in so many styles of music and, and why, like, why, what's the reason And I think at the end of the day? I have a curious mind. And I just wanna challenge myself all the time. And I get bored very easily. And I. Just wanna check. I got a song with Andrea Bocelli and the Game You know. Wow. It's like there's no thread.


You know. That's Dope. When you, Oh, go ahead. I was gonna ask, when you see other artists like kind of getting like bashed for doing that, being able to switch in and outta genres and different types of music. Yes. How do you feel about that? Because you've done it very well and it's been accepted across very different genres and ethnicities. Like Yeah. How does that make You feel? I feel on that. Yeah. I feel you on that. I guess I think, I mean, I get the same thing too. 'cause people don't under I'm, I'm hard to market. It's hard to market my music You know what I mean? Why? Because I'm not a brand. You Think you get that? I feel like people have Accepted Yeah. Like what brand am I, I don't even know. Nelly Tato. Yeah. You, you've always, what's The aesthetic? I have no clue. I think Nelly Tato is just Nelly tdo. Like, like you're one of those people. Like if like Nelly Tato put out a album, I'm listening.


I got introduced to you. I knew about The World Nelly album, but I really gotta introduced to you when, when you started working with Timberland. Okay. But so from that moment on, I, it seems like I'm always checking for Nelly, for Tardo just because of the connection with Timberland. That's my personal experience with your Music. You're right. Yeah. There's always different avenues for people to come. You Feel like you got back, you feel like you, you didn't get accepted in certain genres and stuff like you Ah, I'm not gonna say that. I'm just gonna say that. I think every artist, when they try to change their sound or style, you'll definitely get, like for instance, right? My second album was called Folklore. And You know when I first came out, my image on Won Nelly was more like, oh look, she's like eclectic. But like, she's Portuguese, but she has a little bit of hip hop influence. She has this and that.


So it's sort of like, oh wow. You know, like You know. Look at the fun ethnic girl to fun music You. know what I mean? And then when I came to Vocal, it was a little more like emo and singer songwriter. So it was like, oh, I don't get it. You know. Why is she sad? Feel me? You're not allowed to be sad. Yeah, yeah. I Get what you're saying. That vibe. But, but your influence so much though. But some people really mess with it and it's your favorite album ever. Folklore You know, I Feel like that's what artists should do. Like, I, I don't like when artists stay just consistent on one thing. Reason. I love Kendrick Lamar. 'cause Good Kid, mad City sounds totally different than the Pimp Butterfly. Pimp Butterflies sounds totally different than Damn, damn Sounds totally different than You know Mr.


Morale in the Big Step. I love that. But It's also the influences, right? Her influences are are De La Soul, but also Madonna. Yeah. Like they go from so many different ranges. Yeah, they really do. Yeah. I grew up on kind of eighties too, like You know, like I like in the, like my, my dad had like a record player in the living room, so I was listening to also like Abba or Lionel Richie or like all, everything just meshed together. And then I, I will say being 14 or 15 in the late nineties was a gift. Amazing time. Yeah. The best Star, best Time and Urban. Like it gave me, I got Goosebumps again. I got goosebumps twice on the show today. So like, I'm just lucky You know that I got to grow up with the influences I had.


But I think artists should take more risks though. I love when artists, because what people don't realize is like, they're just kind of like, you gotta deconstruct to construct again. How are you gonna like, grow or get better? If you don't deconstruct. Right? Right. It's like anything like a garden, right? A garden like the flowers wilt in the winter, but When you do an album or you, you step outside of the box, quote unquote box and you don't get recognized. How does that feel? Like, and and the reason we say that is we You know everybody's been talking about Beyonce who did the country album and Yeah. Not nominated. So how would that make you feel as an artist? You put this album out, it was number one on the chart. Your record was spin number one. Yeah. But they, they don't, that genre doesn't recognize you. Yeah. Geez. I think that, Hmm, that's a good question too. How do I feel?


I had an answer. You, you were going And, I was Feel your Feels Nelly. Feel Nelly. You're not in a rush. Feel your feels. You okay? Okay. Okay. I tend to do that. Interviews, I talk really fast. We know You know. Yeah. I'm, I'm going through the Oh, like, I mean, I got lucky with the Spanish album probably. 'cause I had a history. I had done a song with Juez. I'd done a song with Ree. I had, I had done some stuff You know in Spanish. And then by the time that that album came around. I spent a lot of time curating it You, know what I mean? Like, I worked very closely with my really good friend who a and r did Andres.


And, and we, we, we, we reached out to the community, got a lot of different voices involved. Everybody from Juan Luis Gura to, we even have like Alejandro Fernandes on that album, Juliette Venegas. So we have like, a lot of, you have to just be mindful You, know what I mean? And do it. Try to do it with as much grace as you can. Right. Or be just like, I don't know. For me it, I always, do you remember his original question? No, It was, girl, you look so good answering it though.


The glasses is a look. Is it okay? Lemme yes. It's a look. I do that all the time. I look, they look like they glaze over where she Originally I do not being question outside the box. See, I, it was too much going on in the beginning of it anyway. And he took a long time to ask And I, think you drifted off and we were for you should it Off. We were here for you. That's the peak art artistry when you can shift the cultural needle You. know what I'm saying? And the political needle, like, that's incredible. Like I, the respect is huge. And I also was lucky enough to kind of come up. Well, no Destiny Child was already out. But like You know, I crossed paths with Beyonce a couple times briefly.


And I love her. Obviously her energy and her light. And I think that that is like the peak of what you could do achieve as a artist is do something like that. That's absolutely Peak You know. How do you feel about you? So being accepted doesn't really matter. Boom. At all. You know what, I'll tell you this. You got it. You you answered it. You did it. Go girl. Got it. There you go. Because there are sometimes, sometimes about that girl. There are songs. Sometimes there are songs where you might think no one was listening. No one was paying attention. Yeah. But I'm telling you like years later, a DJ might remix it. Yeah. This happened. A song I put out, Rodney Jerkins produced it. It was called Big Coops. Super Cool Track. Rodney You know I put it out.


Yeah. 2013. It was on a spirit indestructible album. I did jamming, like literally If. you played it right now. I'd be like, see, but like, it was fine. You know it didn't really make any waves or anything. But 10 years later, these DJs from the uk, they remixed it and it was top 40. It was like, You know. I played at my shows and I'm like, see, real recognize is real. At the end of the day, someone will find it. Same happened with my track Powerless, which was successful in certain places, but not globally. Years later. I'm You know. I, I'm, I'm You know halfway across The, World and, and You know I'm at a school. I was doing some, some, some nonprofit working and teaching girls songwriting and things like that.


And they say to me, wait, powerless. That's the one we wanna sing. That's our theme song for this school. You know what I mean? All all the way in Kenya, You know And, I Go. See that's why, that's why I make this You know. It's like eventually like If, you write a song from your heart, somebody's gonna find it someday. Even this new stuff, I'm putting it out tomorrow. It's like I go away for a long time. You know. I don't have like that type of cycle in my albums where my fans are like right there with me. And it's like, I treat it kind of different. So like, I don't know who the music will get to or when or how fast. Yeah. But I do know that whoever does listen to it You know what I mean? Eventually it'll get its own love and or whatever. You know whatever love.


That's a Great you deserve. 'cause the pressure isn't there as much. You You know what You know you good with what happens. And You know toll grow. You did. I Appreciate the little things. That's right. Like my record with Dom dla, really amazing tech house dj. It's called Eat Your Man. It just went gold in Canada and we didn't expect it. It was again, oh, let's make a club record for the rapes. You know. We've since performed it at Lollapalooza Coachella. Like, it's like it's a proper, like You know. It's in the dance cannon now. You know And I like eating men so much. My friend wrote that with me. She's like, you should reference yourself my really good friend Angel from another great writer from Toronto. And she's like, why not? And so it would take like a friend to convince you to reference yourself. You know You're not gonna do that on your own. Not me not, it's not my personality.


But I was like, sure. Like that's cute. Like I love remix culture. I I think the idea like it's, it's very meta You know, very, very unique actually. Yeah. And I liked it. You know You did 4 million, 4.4 million views for your tiny desk. So I think people love Is that good? What? Yeah. That's great people. But it's the live performance. Yeah. Nelly that people love. And I know that you talked a little bit sometimes about Vegas. Oh. Is that something that you would do? Is that coming? That's An idea. Been cooking up lately. Yeah. I really love the culture around Loose as an album and the culture around like Timberland and I's connection and just like the idea of, it's a very, it's a very clear picture. It's those late nights in Miami. It's at like those palm trees and the red and white cover and the whole, I met somebody recently who does a whole club night called Loose in La And I couldn't believe it.


It was like, no, this is the hottest party. It's called Loose And. I was like, oh, that's crazy. 'cause I wanna do a Vegas show called Loose. And it all made sense. Like I just think Vegas would be the great outlet for recreating loose in a cool environment and and being creative with it. Of course. So you wanna do a residency there Ultimately. I feel like that would be on my bucket list. Yeah. No deals have come your way with that yet. 'cause this is not your first time mentioning it. They haven't grasped that yet. Like they haven't No, it It's, it's it's in the works. Yeah. It's a, it's a, it's a bubbling. Oh, that's dope. So yeah. Okay. Yeah. When next year, 20 25 2. That remains to be seen. 'cause the 25th loose will be 25 years old.


Wow. In 2025 or almost, sorry, 2026. You really A legacy artist now. Nelly Ard. Isn't that Funny? Wow. It don't feel like 25 years. But I Your time flies, huh? I know. What do you think about social media? Right? Like, like how, like how do you view its impact on artists and their relationship with fans compared to when you first started your career? Because it's like a real direct connection and they want so much in You social media. I like social media. Okay. I don't know. I like it vibes with my mind. Like I really like TikTok. I love that it's so immediate. I love You know DMing like DJs or they DM me and like I do this remix or artists and it's so, it's so direct. It's so instantaneous. And I do like that about it.


So you answer your dms and everything. Some of them, yeah. Well they gonna be in there like crazy today. Hey, at Nelly Ferdo. Yeah. So I think social media is actually pretty amazing when it comes to music business stuff. At the same time. I don't always love when I thought I knew a song, but then I hear the whole song and it's totally different. You know, like you, that TikTok sound, you're like, oh, this song's actually really good when I heard the whole song. You know. But I mean whatever. I can deal with that too. It's fun. It's all, it's all fun. How, how do you balance the, the vulnerabil vulnerability that's required? You know, not just in songwriting, but nowadays just as a talent period.


'cause people want so much of you. How do you Vulnerability, right? Yeah. How do you balance being vulnerable but also having boundaries in your personal life? That's such a tough one. Man. That's a tough one. Because my songs are so personal. They're almost like, sometimes I'm like just draining blood from my heart into the song actually. So, so it's like they're really personal. So. Mm. Some songs are more personal than others. But it's hard because if people ask me about it, like I don't wanna necessarily go into detail. I'll be more like, well you'd listen to the song and you feel what it makes you feel You. know what I mean? Do you not go into detail 'cause it like rehashes that pulling blood situation or it's like, you don't wanna be sad, you don't wanna like just be like, just negative.


I like to kind of like stick in the positive energy You. know what I mean? Yeah. I find like it's more track. Track. It's more magnetic. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like, because I think I've been caught out there before in the past over the years. You know whatever careers, highs and lows where you kind of like, you focus like you're too, like you get too caught up in the wrong things. Yes. Or like the wrong way to express yourself. Or like you're not You know what I mean? Like you gotta focus on the positive and they just keep that joyful energy. I think that's important. That Makes all the sense in The. World like, get Me serious. Let's be joyful. Like what If, you come in the studio, you're positive, but then somebody brings up one of your songs that might trigger you still, but it's your song. So. Oh, that's a good question too. Hmm. Yeah.


That'll be interesting. I think I'll just start that journey tomorrow when the album comes out. 'cause Yeah, I'm gonna get asked. They're gonna ask me whose idea was it? Whether it's a fan or You know. I gotta pick and choose what I wanna talk about. I think whose Idea was it to go more urban in hip hop? Because You know for the album? No, no, no. Just what you're doing. Because influences have been De La Soul. You talk about You know Timberland. Yeah. You talk about it, but now it's like, yeah, you, you're doing more of that. You're doing more interviews, you're doing more what? Why is that? Is because it is an influential thing? Or you think that some of your records have crossed over before? Yeah, I mean I always felt like early My, you just like the Blacks Career i's been natural You know what I mean? It's been a natural thing.


It's just like people You know you don't chase anything. You know what I mean? My manager always would say that You know you let people come to you. You know. And it's like, and that's organic. You know. And so that's it. You know just like whatever energy comes my way, people wanna work with me. But yeah, it's true. Yeah. Early in my career, yeah, a lot of, a lot of urban artists wanted to work with me You know what I mean? And it was just natural. It wasn't something I sought out. You know. It was just organic. You know. That's kind of what I, I think. Dope. I Think that was a good Answer. Yeah. I think dope recognizes dope. Yep. You know what I mean? Like there's certain people you can smell it on and you'd be like, okay, that's not authentic.


But like, I think like you Amy Winehouse, like to me, y'all, y'all got the right energy. Thank you. 'cause I don't take that lightly. You know. I don't wanna You know offend The Blacks. Well, no, I also feel, I feel just privileged. It's kind of a jerk to be making music You know, obvious that we're the influences You know what I mean? The history. Just like, I'm just, I'm just, I'm just happy to be sort of like accepted I guess by a lot of different genres. Right? Even Latin, like Spanish music. It's not, my parents are Portuguese, but If, you do it with sincerity. You know. And you're coming from a place of learning and sincerity.


It's like no one can fault you for that. Right. And If, you try to do it well. Right. And that's 'cause I, I feel like I'm just still that person that just really believes music is the only kind of proof of life and proof of God in terms of people you can get together. People that don't even like each other of experimented with that before in a art, like an art setting. Not too far at MoMA. PS one a I was invited to just at the fundraiser to to own a room and do whatever art, performance art I wanted to do. And I chose to teach people how to write songs. But a bunch of people would just come in the room and some of them weren't songwriters and we would just make a song outta thin air together.


And to me it was asking the question like, why do you feel connected to somebody you walk by on the sidewalk You? know what I mean? Why do you feel connected to a stranger you walk by, right? Like what is that? It's a collective You know the collective unconscious. And so music is is proof of that man. It's proof of that You know Seven is God's number. Third goosebump and seven is God. Seven is God's number. Yes. Yes. I didn't know that. Tell me more about that. Seven is God's number. I bit, I'm about to Google. Don't worry. Three, Tell me what seven is. God's. Oh my goodness. I do have one last question. She's, I know, I knew I leave. I have the answer to the seven. Go ahead. Answer the question. Who it is, it's in the Bible. The number seven is quite significant in the Bible appearing over 700 times throughout both the old and the New Testaments and biblical numerology.


Seven symbolizes completion or perfection. It said that God created The World in six days and rested on the seventh day Completion and perfection. My Grandma would've been mad. I had to Google that because I knew that. Wow. It's good. Angel numbers too. If. you see 7, 7, 7. Let me find, Lemme find. And seven 11 as well. Seven 11. Seven 11. Like like Seven 11 Store numbers. Yeah. Seven 11. I love, oh It means this, this the numbers not the store guys. Oh, okay. It's not the store. 11 Is my favorite Number 11 And 22. Just 'cause They're like, I like three. Like do You know your life path number? I'm kind of into life path numbers. Yeah. Mine is my favorite is three My, my last. Mine's three. Do You know to do your life path number? No, I used to. I'm gonna count your, yeah, your dates. Oh no, I just gonna tell you my last question. She looked at the paper like, what's the last question?


No, it's just no, no, No. I just, Who is Nelly Ferdo right now? Oh, I'm a work in progress. Yeah. I'm just a work in progress. I'm just like taking it day by day. Just kinda trying to like, just accept myself and love myself as much as I can and and You know, not take my craft for granted and my talents for granted and just be grateful. So you'll be back. This isn't a one and done. Like you're not going to go back No. And disappear for another seven years. Trust me. What's your son? We still don't trust me. Pardon? What's your son? Sagittarius. I was gonna call the album Sagittarius. I'm a Arius too.


Oh really? Oh Yeah. I'm November 22nd, 22nd. Oh, you're just barely a Sagittarius. Yeah, I'm cussed. They think I'm crazy when I say that though. But No, that's, you're still Sagittarius. Definitely. So yeah, that's who I am right now. I'm just like taking it day by day and figuring it out. Ex trying to accept my flaws and, but then I think the key too is like accept my light as well. We all have to accept the light we have and just like, and that's a, that's a lifelong journey. That's the beauty of life. It is a journey. Yeah. And you should just appreciate and respect the process. There You go. We appreciate you for joining us this morning. You were really amazing. I got you so much four times.


And You were nervous when you came in here or something. You Were, you like, whatcha gonna ask? Whatcha gonna Ask? I'm glad. Yep. I'm sorry. We could have asked you Kendrick or Drake pick one, but we didn't. So we didn't The weekend. The weekend. Alright. It's messy for time. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast Club.


Roku has what you need to make your college home away from home. Feel more like your own. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku tv. Or bring a Roku streaming stick to easily access all your favorite free and premium content. Like iHeartRadio Stream your favorite playlist with the Roku vibe, setting smart light strips to sink your music to millions of colors and make your dorm feel more like you. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku tv, streaming players and smart lights. Head to Roku dot com or your favorite retailer to deck out your dorm.


Hey, It's me, Tyler. Both open earbuds are stylish. The color, the way it looks. It looks almost like a earring. You know, so I feel like it could go with anything. My style is very fun. I feel like I always look like I'm on holiday. I just really like playing around with it and tying it to the music. So yeah, I really feel like the music I'm making right now feels like a holiday, so I wanna look like it too. Check out boz.com for more.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide.


Deciding on what to listen to is hard. Using Zuo to stream music from iHeart nineties. Radio is easy or play iHeart country or hip hop beats your choice all for free stream easy. With Zuo Play, get live and on-Demand Entertainment with no logins, no signups, no accounts, no hassle. This September have movie Night with the Blockbuster Hit Godzilla and Resident Evil starring Mila Jovovich and Michelle Rodriguez Streaming free on Zuo play. Go to play.zumo.com now. Life is hard. Zuo is easy.


Step into The. World of power, loyalty, and luck. I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse With family. Cannolis and spins mean everything. Now you Want to get mixed up in the family Business. Introducing the godfather@choppacasino.com. Test your luck on the shadowy world of the Godfather Slot. Someday I will call upon you to do a service for Me. Play The Godfather now@chupacasino.com. Welcome To the family. No purchase necessary. VDW Group. Avoid prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.