
Welcome to Pod of Rebellion, our new Star Wars Rebels Rewatch podcast. I'm Vanessa Marshall, voice of Harrison Doula Specter two. I'm Tia Skar. Sabine Renz, specter five. I'm Taylor Gray as A Bridger Specter six. And I'm John Lee Brody, the Ghost Crew Stowe moderator. Each Week we're gonna rewatch and discuss an episode from the series and share some fun behind the scenes stories. Sometimes we'll be visited by special guests like Steve Bloom Voices, za Specter four or Dante Bosco, voice of Jel and many others. So hang on because it's gonna be a fun ride. Cue the music. Listen To Potter Rebellion on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


45 years ago, a Virginia Soul band called the Edge of Daybreak, recorded their debut album behind bars. Record collectors consider it a masterpiece. The band's surviving members are long out of prison, but they say they have some unfinished business. The End Daybreak Eyes of Love was supposed to been followed up by another Apple. Listen to Soul Incarcerated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Did you know that 70% of people get hired at companies where they already have a connection? I'm Andrew Seaman, LinkedIn's editor at large for jobs and career development, and on my podcast Get Hired. I bring you all the information you need to, well get hired. Landing a job may be tough, but Get Hired is here for you every step of the way with advice on resumes, networking, negotiation, and so much more. Listen to Get Hired with Andrew Seaman on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you like to listen.


Hey, What's up y'all? This is Eric Andre. I made a podcast called Bombing about absolutely tanking on stage. I tell gnarly stories And I talk to friends about their worst moments of bombing in all sorts of ways. Bombing on stage, bombing in public, bombing in life. By the time I stole a girl's phone during a set and she dumped on stage and threw a big haymaker punch to my nose, listen to bombing with Eric Andre and Will Ferrell's big money players network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlemagne to God. We are The Breakfast Club. We got some special guests in the building.


We have Bubba Wallace and Steve Quirk. Welcome fellas. What's going on? Thank you. You doing What's happening? Good. Another day, Man. Bubba, how does it feel, And I know you get this all the time, but how does it feel being the first Black NASCAR Driver? Oh, I wouldn't say the first. The first in, in, in a while. Okay. Oh, you weren't the first. No, I went, Scott was the, the, he opened the door for all of us and so I've been the first to win since him. Gotcha. Yeah. How long ago was him? It was at sixties. Okay, gotcha. Right. So it's, it's been a really cool journey. Lots up and downs, you know, being a, being in the Cup series for eight years now has been, I've learned a lot.


I've, I've grown a lot. I've got a couple gray hairs in my beard from, from I guess every year that I've been in that I, I'd say every race I've been in the Cup series, but it's, it's humbling knowing that there's not many of us there. But, you know, I'm leading the way for a generation that, that is paying attention. You have a following and a demographic that wants to be a part of this sport. It's, it's cool to be at the, at the front of that. How did you get into race? Car driving Started when I was a kid in go-karts. My dad had a go-kart and he raced a couple times. He flipped all three times. I have yet to flip in my career, so, Okay, alright. Yeah, knock on wood. But my, my dad got us started and he invited us to come out, or he told us to come out and watch a, a family friend of ours and just sitting in the stands became a fan that way.


Bought a go-kart and went racing. Where'd the name Bubba come from? My sister. Mm. Yes. We don't know why she won't, she said she didn't have a speech impediment. She just decided to call me Bubba. So she's five years older than me. I see. Five years older. Yeah. Mm. And it stuck ever since it Yeah, I, well it was confusing at the racetrack, right. 'cause I'm, I'm a junior, so hey Darrell, my dad would turn around and they were trying to get in touch with me, so we were just like, let's, let's go with Bubba. It makes it easier and it's fun. Everybody's a bubba. Yeah. Especially down south. We see that a lot. Yeah. Yeah. What's up Bubba? What's up Bubba? Yeah. How do you, so you embrace the responsibility of being, you know, the, I guess, are you the only Black NASCAR Driver at the cup level? Yes, sir. Yeah. Yeah. So, so you embrace the responsibility of being that person at the forefront to inspire the next generation?


Yeah. Yeah. We got, we got some youth coming up. We got Rajah Carus coming up through in the truck series and it's, it's fun being a mentor to him and the others coming through and yeah, I, I sense a, a responsibility there to, you know, carry myself the right way, but also show that, you know, I'm here to stay and, and, and make a name for myself as well. So, you know, the only way to create boundaries is to cross them and figure out, you know, what to do, what not to do. So I, I've made some mistakes along the way, but it's shaped me and helped me to become who I am today. And so, you know, off track, on track stuff has been phenomenal. I could say this, this whole year has started out really, really strong for us.


And nothing, nothing's better than winning. So it's been a while since I've been in Victory Lane, but it's not from a lack of effort. How difficult, I'm sorry, go ahead. What Part of North Carolina are you from? Charlotte. Charlotte, okay. Seven. Oh Folks, that was Big. That was big growing up. Race car was okay. Huge. Yeah, so like I grew up 15 minutes from the racetrack. Dope. So all the race teams were all within a 30 minute radius of each other. Wow. I was gonna ask how difficult was it? 'cause coming up, there wasn't too many of us in the stands and I'm sure there's not too many of us in the stands now, but there was way less in the stands. So how difficult was it, I'm sure you had to face racism, other drivers of the teams and how difficult was fighting through that? Honestly, my, my mom was my, my parents, both my parents, but my mom was, you know, the driving force behind of just never giving the media any negative to talk about.


Right. Well, I failed at that a couple times, but she was always just keeping me aware of, of the said scenarios. Right. And, and for me though, I grew up in a well diverse community and didn't see color, still don't, and it just didn't, didn't matter to me. So, mm. When I jumped into it, there was I think two of us that, that were of color and Benny Mingo, he actually works at our race shop now. Nice. So it's, it's crazy how he works on our race cars, but it was just the two of us and didn't bother me one bit, you know, growing up, you know, the higher you you got in the rankings, the better you got, you know, the faster the cars, you know, I was the only one and still didn't bother me.


All I cared about was winning. And it sounds like a very just cliche, typical straight line answer, but I didn't give a damn right. And I still don't, because at the end of the day, we're all human beings and that's, that's how I view each other. And we just happen to be a little bit darker than, than others. And that's okay. But if you treat each other with respect, then you demand that respect back. And, and if they can't give that back, then they're not the people for you. So that's how I've kind of viewed life And I, and have enjoyed life no matter what's thrown at us. I, I agree with that. You know, when you, but you being a biracial right? Whenever you feel, when people come at you for being black, do you ever feel like, well I'm, I'm white too halfway there. Yeah, Emini here. You, you have to kind of balance both hats really, you know, you know, I have a a a black side of my family.


I have a white side of my family. And so whose Food is better? That's a Good question. And where do you go for Thanksgiving? That's a good, I like to stay home now. I ain't gotta do nothing. Damn. You're putting me on the spot. You don't think it's difficult, you know, you know what side I'm Have to go with my sister, I'm gonna have to go with my sister. The black side of Family's good. Yeah, she named you Bubb. Our food is definitely good. No, I think just, you know, trying to just walk both paths can, can be tiring at sometimes because I just wanna walk down the middle, but it's just never that easy sometimes. So Now before we get to your, you dealing with Steve, I wanted to ask how many people come up to you and try to race you in the street when you have a driving?


Does that happen a lot? No. 'cause I have tint on my windows, so you can't see who's driving, So, Yeah. And do you ever get, get crazy on the street? Sometimes you just like, No, no. I, I don't waste time though, so if we gotta drive to the grocery store, I'll, I know how to get to the grocery store, but I'll plug it in the GS to see which way's the fastest way and to see if I can get there faster. Have You ever got a speeding ticket? Of course. Really? Damn. Actually, it's been a long, long time And I can say I've, I've been, I've been pulled over, you know, 20, 20 something times and only gotten like three tickets. Wow. That's it's nice. It's nice the white side. That's why I thought it was because you, they cognize you.


That's, I was going with she it first. That's what I was going with Steve, Steve Quirk with Robin Hood. So what's your relationship with Robinhood? It's just starting out so excited for the partnership that we just announced, be a part of 2311 and sponsoring myself and Cory Hy and a couple of cup races this year. So, you know, hats off to everybody at airspeed on the marketing side of things to bring in new sponsors to the sport. So this'll be the first time that Robin Hood's a part of our sport in this sort of capacity and it, and it's special. So it's fast paced. I hope they can keep up. Yeah, it's a, it's our first national sponsorship of sports. We have a couple NBA teams that we sponsor that we, For people that don't know what Robinhood is and what they do.


So lemme quickly explain. So Rob Robinhood basic, we have about 25 million customers and Robinhood is a, it's an investing app and what, what we've been largely accredited with is bringing 25 million young, very diverse first time investors into the marketplace. So in the US we're sitting close to 60% of US households now are invested in the market. That's, that's the envy of The World. It's like 20% in Asia or Europe or other places. And what we did is just remove the friction. So if you have $5, if you have $10, you can invest.


We removed all the friction, made it very easy for people to have access to the greatest wealth creation vehicle in The World. So as important as it is for you to make money, you have to put that money to work. And we've made that really accessible for, for young people. Yeah, My kids have Robinhood in it and it is very accessible. They yeah, they know how to use it. They, they invest in it. They're not investing a lot of money, but the $5 $10 here, it's a start for them at a young age. But it used to, like, the whole system used to be kind of really kind of inaccessible for young people because you had to wait till you got, you know, this amount of money to be able to do it. And so really by the time you got around to investing, it was a little bit too late.


The second component that we're really, really strongly focused on is, it's one thing to give 'em access, but it's another thing to make sure that they do it in a way that's gonna be sustainable and that they're gonna have a good investing career. So we do a lot in the way of education, both within our site and the app, but also we go out to universities. We have a bunch of university programs where we help people understand the importance of doing this in a suitable manner. And then we give them access to all of this and, and provide them with curriculum. And then we have a newsletter that goes out every morning to, we have 40 million people subscribed, basically describes the day's news and then if there's something within that news that could be an investible opportunity for them.


What's your vetting process bubble when it comes to like, who you choose to take on as a sponsor? It just, the money you're Willing to pay. Let's go s right, let's make it happen. Emini here. Hey, I, I come from, I, I remember man, we were doing about anything just to get anybody to spend a buck, right? And so it's, it's, it's a tough sport to be a part of and, and want to invest into. And for new companies to come into the sport and not know which way's up, down left or right. Emini here, I would be hesitant as well. And so, and taking a risk on a kid that's trying to find his way throughout the Cup series. But I feel like now we've established ourselves, established our name, you know, within the race team, within the sport. It makes it easier for, for companies that wanna be in part of our journey.


And yeah. You got, you're associated with mj, so Now how is that mjs a co-owner. So how is he as a co-owner? Do y'all speak much? Do y'all talk much? Do y'all play one-on-one basketball? How Is he not The basketball piece he taught me if, if I know I'm gonna go into something and lose, then not, don't compete at all. So he won't jump into a race car, I won't jump on the basketball court. Gotcha. And so MJ is super involved and, and it, it might be a shock to a lot of people And I think it was for me to start because you think of somebody as, as as big as MJ that can be doing anything else that he wants. With his time and his money, he has a strong passion for nascar. He's been a fan, he's watched even before he was, became a team owner. He was a kid going to the races, Darlington, Talladega, Charlotte, he was going all these places with his family growing up.


And so he is always had a strong knack for, for NASCAR and what it provides. And so now him being invested, oh, it's game over. He's, he's watching each and every weekend, whether he is here or overseas, what he, whatever he is doing. I have a text before and after the race every weekend. What does He say? I lost some money betting on you, brother. No, it's always encouraging. He's always, he's a glass half full guy no matter how rough the day gets, he's always searching for the positives. And so it's, it's helped me grow up a lot in, in a, in a short amount of time. What about you, Steve? What made y'all want to say, you know, what NASCAR is where we want to spend our money? Well, If we look at our customers, they're very into sports, but they're, if we just look at a Robinhood versus a non Robinhood customer, they're four times more likely.


They're into motorsports, particularly nascar. And so this gives us broad exposure, you know, nationally as well, which I think is very positive. And, and they just, you know, they're as passionate about their sports as they're investing. So they tie together pretty nicely. Got you. Was was it hard for you to get sponsorships, Bubba? Because, you know, you always hear the stories about Serena Williams, even though she was dominant, you know, in tennis for a period of time, her and Venus, it was hard for them to get sponsorships. People just didn't feel like they were marketable. Was it the same for you? Absolutely. You know, we, we look at the sport and the, the personalities that you have within inside of our sport. And there's, there's a select few And I feel like I'm, I'm near the top of the list of just being personable and, and likable despite all the BS that goes on.


You know, I'm, I'm gonna tell you how I feel And I feel like a lot of us inside of our sport are very straight edged and cookie cutter. Right? And that's, that's okay. You don't wanna show your true colors or show your cards. You keep that in your personal life, that's fine. But for me, I've always just been try, I try to be super relatable to everybody I meet and, and make a lasting impression to, to eventually have the investments come in and the funding come in. And it seemed like nothing we ever did would, would work. And for whatever reason that is, it was what it was. But it never stopped me from pursuing what I wanted to do and fighting hard, you know, now I look at the people that potentially said, no, we're good and just laugh 'cause we're in a good spot now.


That's right. What does the sport have to do to increase, right? Because it's, I feel like it's been in that same spot for a long time and it hasn't really grown as I thought it would. What do you think it needs to do? I need to win? Mm Mm There you go. I think that's the easiest way to go about it. I need to win. You look at Emini here. Golf didn't really change too, too much, you know, but Tiger was dominant right? Welcome to Pod of Rebellion, our new Star Wars Rebels Rewatch podcast. I'm Vanessa Marshall. Hi, I'm Tia Skar. I'm Taylor Gray. And I'm John Lee Brody. But you may also know us as Harrison Doula Specter two Ine Rez Specter five and Ezra Bridger Specter, six from Star Wars Rebels. Wait, I wasn't on Star Wars Rebels, am I in the right place?


Absolutely. Each Week we're going to rewatch and discuss an episode from the series and Share some fun behind the scenes stories. Sometimes we'll be visited by special guests like Steve Bloom voices, za Specter four or Dante Bosco, voice of Jael and many others. Sometimes we'll even have a lively debate and We'll have plenty of other fun surprises and trivia to Oh And Me. Well, I'm the lucky ghost crew Stowaway, who gets the held moderate and guide the discussion each week, kind of like how Kane and guided Ezra in the ways of the force. You see what I did there? Nicely done, John. Thanks Tia. So hang on 'cause it's gonna be a fun ride. Cue The music, Listen to Potter Rebellion on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


We ready to fight? I'm ready to fight. You ready to fight? Is that, is that what I thought it was? Oh, this is fighting words. Okay, I'll put the hammer back.


Hi, I'm George M. Johnson, a bestselling author with the second most banned book in America. Now, more than ever, we need to use our voices to fight back. And that's what we are doing on fighting words. We're not gonna let anyone silence us. That's The reason why they're banning books like yours, George. That's the reason why they're trying to stop the teaching of black history or queer history. Any history that challenges the whitewash norm Or put us in a box. Black people have never ever depended on the so-called mainstream to support us. That's why we are great. We are the greatest culture makers in world history. Listen to fighting words on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, I am Bob Pitman, chairman and CEO of iHeartMedia. I'm excited to introduce a brand new season of my podcast, math and Magic Stories from the frontiers of marketing. I'm having conversations with some interesting folks across a wide range of industries to hear how they reach the top of their fields and the lessons they learned along the way that everyone can use. I'll be joined by innovative leaders like Chairman and CEO of Health Beauty to Amin. The way I approach risk is constantly try things and actually make it okay to Fail. I'm sitting down with legendary singer-songwriter and philanthropist jewel. I wanted a way to do something that I loved for the rest of my life. We're also hearing how leaders brought their businesses out of unprecedented times.


Like Stefan Ell, CEO of Moderna. He becomes a human decision to decide to throw by the window your business strategy and to do what you think is the right thing for The World. Join me as we uncover innovations and data and analytics, the math and the ever important creative spark. The magic. Listen to math and magic stories from the frontiers of marketing on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts are wherever you get your


podcast. September, 1979, Virginia's top prison band, edge of Daybreak is about to record their debut album behind bars in just five hours. Okay, we're rolling. 1, 2, 3, 4. I'm Jamie Petris, music and culture writer. For the past five years I've been talking to the band's, three surviving members. They're out of prison now and in their seventies, they're passed behind them, but they also have some unfinished business eyes. The end of Daybreak Eyes of Love was supposed to been followed up by another album. It's a story about the liberating power of music, the American justice system, and ultimately second chances listen to Soul incarcerated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts


And, and create a lot of buzz. But I've only had two wins in my eight years in being in Cup. So to me that's unacceptable. So the way that we've been performing this year, last year, races finishing third two spots away from, from doing just that. So I'll take four responsibility and, and helping that. Who Fault is it though? I was gonna say that. Yeah, yeah. Is it the car because you, is it the car, the driver, the engine wheels Like that always. It's the driver. You never blame yourself. So it's always somebody else's fault. So that's just how drivers operate. But it, it takes a, it takes a whole team to win races and man, it's tough. You're the next level after cup level is retirement. So it's the hardest thing that you'll ever do in forms of motor sports in the form of the path that we're on.


And so the guys you're going against have been doing it. Like Denny, he, he won my, my the second co our other boss, he won Sunday, but he's been in the sport for 20 years. And so I'm my eighth year. So it's just experience takes over. But it takes a car, it takes a crew chief, it takes the driver, it takes pit crew and just a lot of luck to, to get these things, you know, in the right way. This could be A stupid question, I don't know. How do you know that certain people on the on on the team might not be sabotaging you though? Just because for, you know, they might be mad that you got the confederate flag. I don We, we have a good process in, in knowing, like basically feeding out the, the, the bullshit, right?


And, you know, you, you have to show up and ready to work. And, and as simple as I think you look at who the owners are, MJ and Denny, they care about winning and they care about doing it with integrity. And if you don't have that, then it's, it's, it's, it's game over for them. So we don't have to worry about that. And I, I never really have Who's the toughest driver you ever faced and why? And, and nascar is it like that? Like, you know, as a basketball you could say this is the toughest opponent in hockey, this is the toughest baseball, this is the toughest team. It's different. It's, it's different in regards of the tracks that we go to. You know, for example, Denny had won this weekend and this is at Martinsville, which is one of his best tracks.


And so when you show up to said track, it's like, who's the guy to beat? That's how you look at it. So it's always different throughout the, throughout the circuit, throughout the year. So I can't pinpoint it to one who's the biggest asshole. Ooh. That also changes to, depends on the mood that we're in. What, what's your, what's your favorite track? Favorite track? Martinsville is one of 'em. So Bristol's coming up here in two weeks. That's another good one. Mostly all the short tracks, but also the ones we've won out too. So Talladega and Kansas are good. Y'all get scrapping sometimes. Y'all y'all fight on that, on those tracks sometimes. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. And and it's, you know, you feel like you're, you've, you're done wrong because I go back to the respect thing.


You, you show up with respect. You, you man respect in return and, and sometimes you feel like you're shorted or you're done wrong. And for whatever reason, you know, when I'm done wrong And I retaliate, it's, it's the world's end. Mm. And all I'm doing when I've, when I was growing up, you know, being taught is you just get even. Yeah. So I'm just getting even like, oh, okay, we're good. We can shake hands after the fact. We're good now, but massive deal. Do Y'all get suspended after y'all get into a fight? 'cause I, I remember you got into a fight a couple of years ago. Did, did you get suspended? Is there any penalties or anything? No. Well the, the rules are constantly changing. You know, I got suspended for right rear hooking somebody, which basically a pit maneuver and, and rightfully so, because it's happened to me twice throughout my career and Explain what that is, I'm lost Like a pit maneuver.


Like, like somebody turns into you on your right rear spins you out. Oh, okay. And like, it's a, it's a, the, the opposing car that you've done it to is you just turn them right head on into the wall. Mm. High almost like a high rate speed. Yeah, kind of. And so versus like hook 'em in in the left rear, like they kind of just go spinning throughout the infield and kind of get it gathered back up. So it's happened to me twice in my career and it's the most, I'd say one of the most disrespectful things you can do. And I found myself stooped down to that level and commit the same deal. But the guy had just come up to me and run me up in the wall and was like, oh, we're just gonna go on about our day.


No, no, no, no. Oh, wow. Yeah, Because they said they that you did it on Purpose, that that's what they say. So people are gonna always talk and have their opinions and, and that it is what it is. But I, I regret doing that. I, I can say that truthfully and we've moved on past that. But as far as fighting, no because one, it's, we're entertainment business and so it's good, good for entertainment, but you're quick to jump in. So you have to, you have to be methodical about how you wanna go About it. Isn't it a matter of life and death when you out there and freaking a hundred plus miles per hour. Like it is, our safety's come a long way. So you don't think of it in that sort of fashion, but you know, it, all it takes is one wrong move. So Do you wanna raise Denny Hamlin?


Do I want to? Do You want to? Yeah. Okay, that's fine. He was, he was asked about you, he asked what you need to do to beat him and win. You're first racing nearly two years and he said you have a decision to make. If you need to make more speed on corner exit, you must sacrifice something else somewhere. You can't just put the throttle down and get more speed on exit. It's an approach thing. Maybe you need to slow up your sensor a little bit more. Do you agree with him? Yeah. Do you know what that means? No, Not at All. Why she was quo. She was cool. Diddy, that's Verbatim right there Word for word. Now. Now you have to explain what that Means. I gotta explain. So that's just attacking the corners.


So the exit, exit of the corner versus the center of the corner versus the entry of the corner. There's, there's ways to approach every corner differently. And you know, it goes back to the experience. Denny's been at these racetracks for 20 years as to where I'm figuring it out still. So he kind of has a better feeling for what to expect on entry and and center to set him up for a better exit as to where I'm just like, I'm gonna send it off in there and figure it out. Hmm. So it's, it definitely takes a lot of time and a lot of seat time and a lot of just skill and, and management and having the right people around you. Cool. For you, Bubba. And I wanna ask Steve this too, what do you consider the most rewarding aspect of the work in the racing world? Especially if, if you not winning and for you, Steve, what's the benefit other than visibility of if Bubba's not winning?


Yeah, I would say the last three years I've really taken it upon myself of, of trying different things, but putting in the work and putting in the effort. And it seemed like the last two years, the previous two years, it didn't matter what I did, it kind of ended up in the same results. And so this year I, I kind of didn't flip the script. I, I said we're gonna, you know, start working out better, start eating better, you know, you know, doing all the necessary things, paying attention to my sleep, all these types of things. And the results are, are, are starting to show up quicker. And so the rewarding thing is, is knowing that you can pour your heart and soul into something and when it doesn't work out the way you want it, then a lot of self-doubt creeps in.


Yeah. Because you take it for me, I take it on my shoulders like, well damn, I guess I'm not good enough. But then you see others that are doing half the job but getting it done. And so it's like, well damn, what's the scenario I need to put myself in? Well I think it comes down to just trusting the process. And, And I, I've realized that, And I've said this recently a lot, that your timeline is gonna be either quicker or slower than mine. And that's okay. That's how we're built. We have to appreciate the, the scenario that we're in for ourselves and work on self and continuing to do that because that's, at the end of the day, that's all you, that's all you got. Mm. When You get into, Oh, what, what about you Steve? What's, what's, like, what's the benefit of like, what's the rewarding aspect of, of the work that Bubba's doing in the racing world if he's, if he's not winning for Robinhood, I would say it, well it starts really with the think about Robinhood and the mission and you know, what we're all aligned on, which is helping, helping a younger, more diverse group of people have access to financial services in the, and what that creates.


And that's why we're very aligned with 2311. And of course this, I can say this 'cause I'm a little older, this is a very impressive young man here, Emini here, extremely impressive. And we're completely aligned in seeing success not only from 2311, but of course from from Bubba. I was gonna ask, when, when you get into those car wrecks, right? Do you call, get a call from MJ and he's not like bubba another car. How much do those cars cost to replace and do you fix those calls or you just totally get a new call? It's, It's circumstantial. Like if you cause the wreck and you're, you know, and it becomes like a repeated offense, then it's like, all right, what are, what are we doing? But a lot of the wrecks that, you know, I've been a part of, like I can truthfully say it hasn't been my fault.


Like we're just caught up in somebody else's mess. But at the end of the day, you do find yourself, if you do find yourself in somebody else's mess constantly, then it starts to deter to back to you because it's like, quit putting yourself in that scenario. Well it's easy to blame. Like, well again, it wasn't my fault, it doesn't matter. Like run better run run closer up front or, or, or, or try a different type, better center for a better exit. The corners. The corners, right. You know, so it's, it's it, it all comes back to self at the end of the day and how you can do what you can do to be better. To not put yourself in, in said scenarios, but, but yeah, it can get annoying sometimes, but at least not for me 'cause I'm not paying the bill. And how much Are those costs to replace?


Ballpark? I don't know what we're up to 500, 600, A hundred thousand per call. And how many calls do you have in, in the storage just in case? We're only allowed I think like seven to eight on rotation now. How many of you wreck This year? Like two This year counter that's arrested for 22 years. Yeah. That's a necessary expense I would think. Right. It's, it's a lot Emini here. That's why you wanna have good partners to foot the bills, so Thanks Robin Hood. Yeah. You know, I wanted to ask, you know, you played a big role in getting the confederate flag band from NASCAR events. How did other drivers who didn't want it banned treat you after it was banned? I necessarily can't say that they didn't want it banned, so I didn't really know their their viewpoint on it.


But I think we all came together and you know, as one, as in unison and, and I think that's all you could ask for in sports, but for the ones that necessarily didn't want it banned, they've never come forward or shown their displeasure. So I can honestly say the sports has, has been way better without it. So hold on. How do you know they haven't shown their displeasure? Because there was a news found in your garage back in 2020. Was that before or after? Oh my, Well that's, it's all, I think we're all human enough to, you know, if in in out of the driver's world, you know, if you have a problem with it, you just kinda keep it to yourself and move on and Gotcha. And I'm not treated differently or I just, I don't speak to said drivers, but I haven't had any instances where the drivers have come at me for, for, you know, removing the confederate flag.


It's, it's been, everybody's been in support of it and we've moved on. So it, it is what it is. Did they ever get to the bottom of the, the news thing and find out who did it or no? Yeah, it was, it was there before we got there. Years before we got there. And it just coincidence that I had that garage. Damn. Like It's, it's, they knew you was coming. It's wild. So, You know, it, it is still a topic of discussion to this day. It's, it's wild. You should see my Twitter mentions like, Bubba finished third was our noose. You know, it's damn, it's, it's, it's wild that that is still going about it. And, but no, it was there before we even got there.


And just the one in a million trillion coincidences that I had that garage stall. Mm. And in fact it was tied in a fashion like that it could have been this small, it doesn't matter. And, and so it is what it is and, and we've moved on from it and it, it sucks that the sport was put in that situation that I was put in that situation. Our team was put in that situation. But we've learned a lot about who we are as a sport and who we are as competitors. And that's all you can ask for. Did it take a toll on you emotionally? Oh, those, those year or two after that was rough, you know, 'cause you know, I went from being one of the most, I wouldn't say the most liked drivers, but favorable drivers, you know, but now it's, it's just been the, the booze and stuff.


And that's okay because it's sports. And I, I, I'm a big, you know, I love going to college football games, Tennessee and college basketball games. And I'm not a person that booze other teams because I'm kind of in the sports world myself, and it just kind of seems childish. But fans do what they want. So booing is a part of sports in general, but it was, you know, the next week after Talladega, it was like a light switch and it was like, whoa, wow. We're, you know, like, holy shit, I didn't ask for this. And, and so now it's, they're making noise. You know, I, I've always been told and I've read things is when they stop making noise is when it's worse.


So yeah, You, you still get, do you get scared when you get in in that car? You get fear? Fear at all? No. No fear. I'd be afraid. I'd be afraid for you. I appreciate that. Do you drive fast on the roads? Hell No. Anymore. That's why I'm be afraid for you. Not anymore. When, when I was younger, I, I was one of 'em stupid kids that was flying in and outta traffic, I think we all were at one time, right? And so, you know, you climb in and you just do it. And that's that for us, if you have the fear that is, that is seconds that you're, that you're giving up and Emini here we're talking about fighting for thousands of an inch, giving up seconds for just being scared. You can't have it. I Hate people who speed. Whenever I get in a call, somebody who's speed up, I'll be like, are you in a rush to die? It, it is annoying, but Emini here, it's your job. I understand.


Yeah. But on the roads it's different because, you know, people's lives are at stake and the safety. And I've always said, you know, I don't speed on the roads because the safety of my race car is way higher than than a street car. Right. I'm, I have a nine 12 point harness, whatever it is, and we got one seatbelt in a car and that's it. So I can take a, I can take multiple wrecks on Sundays going 180, 200 miles an hour versus a a 90 mile per hour wreck here. And it's, it's over. So I ain't gonna lie, but if I do see you on the road, I gotta try you one time. Emini here. That's at And I, you know, I'm gonna be like, you know what Emini here, he just said he was a stupid kid, Stupid adult. That's fine.


Yo brother, you saw son, but I got one time. Everybody E people to do the dumbest thing. Everybody To be humbled. So that's fine. You can, you can take that, You can take that.


And Steve, shout out to Robinhood. Y'all made investments for financial literacy programs at Howard, right? HBCUs. Are y'all gonna do that at other HBCUs? TCU? Yeah. We're 12 universities in expanding. Yeah. Wow, that's awesome. All across the country. Very cool. Yep. Why is that important for Robin Hood? I think it's important because you wanna make sure that people at the, at a very young age start to understand how to do it responsibly, intuitively. The younger, the Emini here, everything shows that. If you know just the power of compounding alone, you start at a young age, you know you're gonna, you're gonna benefit at an, at an older age. I, I'm one of those annoying fathers who has three 20 some year old daughters And I pound on them. You gotta put that money to work. Put that money to work, be invested in that. And I said one day you'll thank me.


Well, we appreciate you guys for joining us. Thank you so much. Thank you guys. Good luck with everything Bubba and Steve, appreciate you brother. Thank you. Appreciate you for joining us. It's The Breakfast Club, it's Bubba Wallace and Steve Quirk. Thank you guys. Thank you. Thank you. Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club.


Welcome to Pot of Rebellion, our new Star Wars Rebels Rewatch podcast. I'm Vanessa Marshall, voice of Harrison Doula Specter two. I'm Tia Skar. Sabine Renz, Spector five. I'm Taylor Gray as A Bridger Spector Six. And I'm John Lee Brody, the Ghost Crew Stowe moderator. Each Week we're gonna rewatch and discuss an episode from the series and share some fun behind the scenes stories. Sometimes we'll be visited by special guests like Steve Bloom, voices, Zar, Spector four or Dante Bosco, voice of Jel and many others. So Hang on because it's gonna be a fun ride. Cue the music. Listen to Potter Rebellion on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


45 years ago, a Virginia Soul band called the Edge of Daybreak, recorded their debut album behind bars. Record collectors consider it a masterpiece. The band's surviving members are long out prison, but they say they have some unfinished business. The Air to Daybreak Eyes of Love are supposed to been followed up by another album. Listen to Soul Incarcerated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Did you know that 70% of people get hired at companies where they already have a connection? I'm Andrew Seaman, LinkedIn's editor at large for jobs and career development. And on my podcast Get Hired. I bring you all the information you need to, well get hired. Landing a job may be tough, but Get Hired is here for you every step of the way with advice on resumes, networking, negotiation, and so much more. Listen to Get Hired with Andrew Seaman on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you like to listen.


Hey, What's up y'all? This is Eric Andre. I made a podcast called Bombing about absolutely tanking on stage. I tell gnarly stories And I talk to friends about their worst moments of bombing in all sorts of ways. Bombing on stage, bombing in public, bombing in life. By the time I stole a girl's phone during a set and she dumped on stage and threw a big haymaker punch to my nose, listen to bombing with Eric Andre and Will Ferrell's big money players network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.