
Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor. State. Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly, tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar. The best Coke ever. Try and decide.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice, then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree, you've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple Intelligence on at t and the latest iPhone every year with at t. Next up, anytime at t connecting changes, everything. Apple Intelligence coming fall 2024 with Siri and device language set to us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may not be available on future iPhone. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply to att.com/iphone. For details,


Wake that ass up in the morning. The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Jess is on maternity leave. So Lauren LaRosa is filling in. We also got our niece Nyla with us today. Big Nyla. And we got some special guests in the building. Building. We Got earth gang. Ladies and gentlemen. Welcome. Yo. Yo. What? What's up up man? What? What's up? What's up? I listen to y'all every morning bro. I can't hold it bro. I become one of y'all. Become one of y'all core bro. Appreciate that. Be one listener. We need though. Oh my God. They back with they fifth studio. Album. Perfect. Fantasy. Yes. Perfect. Fantasy. Yeah. What is the Perfect? Fantasy Man, It's whatever you make it. It's whatever you make it bro. It's what it is. Life is a video game and how you play it is the, is the fantasy.


That's what we doing with this project though. You know. We, we decided to put it together how we wanted to and kind of like make it our own world. You know, throw all the rules out and just do what we like. Do what our fan base and our core fan base like I Never felt like Irv gang had rules though. So like that's interesting to hear y'all say. I felt like y'all always moved to the BD own. We kind of, we kind of did, but I can't lie You know what I'm saying? We had a, we had a period of time where we was trying to like You know, figure out what was working for others, I guess You, know what I'm saying? It's like, well shit, we, we gotta do this, you gotta do that. But like chasing wave chasing, not necessarily chasing a sound wave or even necessarily a trend. It's just you get signed to a label and you like okay cool. I want to be as successful as the rest of these niggas on this label. When we was already kind of headed that direction, serving our core. Yeah. So it's like, nah, let's just do the shit we love.


We we started Irv Gang basically as like a music fan club when we was kids You. know what I'm saying? We was literally just from the piracy generation, stealing music, swap music. And this Album is kind of a tribute to that era. It's a tribute to all the shit we came up being fans of. We got gorillas on it, we got Neptunes on it, we got You. know what I'm saying? People that we, little Dragon. Little Dragon You. know what I'm saying? This is all people that we was fans of that like built our friendship and we wanted to pay tribute to that. Was That pressures? Sorry? Was that pressures of the label telling you guys to look around or Like people No, it's Kind of like you can't even blame nobody else bro. As, as a business owner, you always going to like go over your yearly reports and see what's working, what's not working and sometimes you put that before what you want to create And as a human being, sometimes you gonna look left and right and compare and that's just some shit you gotta outgrow and and let that shit go.


But I mean on Dreamville is like Cole is clearly the most successful, right? Then it's like Yeah it seems like Lenox has had some really, really real success. You know J so I mean, but y'all also different. I'm like why? Other than the success part, what would y'all compare? Well It's not, it wasn't really even comparing with Dreamville. I'm talking about Interscope bro. I'm talking about, oh, when we signed the Interscope. 'cause Dreamville is kind of like, hey everybody do what you want. Everybody's alive, big fun party. But like we was on Interscope, And, I was You know there's other rappers on that shit. You meeting niggas, you seeing niggas show up in different places. Y'all got the same parties. This nigga showed up in this and you showed up in that and it's like, well why ain't show up in that? And it's, it's something, it's a feeling that you got process let go and then realize what, what brought you here in the first place. I like that honesty was your own core.


Yeah, For sure. At what era did you guys realize that? 'cause I feel like you guys have always been pretty Ghetto guys. Oh, oh really? Really? Yeah. Ghetto guys And what's funny, ghetto guys did everything we set out for it to Dot awards the niggas was fucking with. Yeah. But Our core fan base is not niggas   You know what I'm saying? They, they, I mean a lot of them, A lot of, a lot of our fan Base white people outside, even outside of kras, it's just like a certain type of like just core position. Yeah. Musician. I'm a person, A person who's like really exploitive in life. You know what I'm Yeah. Venture Life And we, but we, we from Atlanta, even though we got that in us though, so like when we was in Atlanta it was easy to like go and do these shows and like connect with the black people in Atlanta and, but when we stepped outside of that and we seen like our music really just affects people all across The, World, The, World.


We the only, we was the only artists traveling in the Pandemic You know what I I'm saying we was the only niggas like doing New Zealand shows facts You. know what I'm saying? So like we had to see that impact. But then we, when we made Ghetto guys it was during the pandemic. So we was primarily at the crib You. know what I'm saying? So these are stories we, we artists, we write what we see. These are stories of people that we grew up with that we seeing again after we done traveled New Zealand after we done did two tours in Europe after we done did South Africa, we back home for two and a half years seeing like all shady kind of in the same situation. You know. Yeah, You know. Gotta think About it. She kind of, she growing but she's still in the same situation now our lives are different. And then it is like we clashed again, not like Clash violent, but it's like we come to see all of this stuff. So we writing this stuff in the music and it's not connecting with everybody in our fan base.


You know what I'm saying? It's not What it, and it was like well shit, if we gonna connect we might as well just be free. Just do what the fuck you want You know You know what I'm saying? With Ghetto guys, I love that Album. But a lot of it was You know you, like you said you go back home, your older cousins and big homies and shit. They like hey man make so for something, make something for us. We like Alright man we got you bro. Actually that last shit was for y'all too. I can't help you for you too but we got th on that one bro. But cool. We'll we'll try to You, know what I'm saying, at least package it more for y'all and then like what happened? We won a BET award. We ain't even go that year bro. I swear to God bro. I'm, we done. I was, I was like hey we not going bro. Like tour bt we on tour with the gorillas, we on tour with the gorillas. They was like, do y'all want to hop off and go to BET awards?


I was like bro we ain't finna win. We finna You. know what I'm saying? We finna just stay on tour with these, with these British folks and You, know what I'm saying? Keep doing this shit. Yeah. End up winning. So the the goal was achieve a ghetto guy, we made something for niggas that was essence to make some shit and it went well. But then we also had to step back and be like, but like what's like the core of who we are and who we are is Boundless Expression Niggas plus Song You. know what I'm saying? Yeah. It is just boundless expression. It is. It's some nigga in there. It's some it's some crack in there. Yeah, it's some You. know what I'm saying? I I don't wanna say all the slurs but we slur. Did the Outkast comparisons get to y'all a little bit too? Not once. That was never an issue. That was never an issue. It Is never, I mean even, even with all the artists that we love, like he said Little Dragon Gorillas, Outkast, Neptunes, like those are artists that always You, know what I'm saying?


Like do what they wanna do. But I think even, even with Outkast, I mean I know a lot of people sleep on what the what the second, what the second project was coming up? Nah, the second one. The second One. ATLs. ATLs. A lot of people sleep on ATLs You. know what I'm saying? Like people jump from subtle istic elevator bro. A lot of people sleep on. That's What I'm saying. But he from Atlanta though You know what I'm saying? So a lot of people sleep on ATL ends. But like for folks in Atlanta, when You know know you light fishing grits and all that, when that stuff come on like people start Losing hearing that Shit. But like You know a lot of people like Speaker Box love Blow. Lot of people go Topo the Dope, dalicious You know I all these records on ine and stuff. But like there is just a process of like you jump right out there, you come back home, you seeing what's going on and you jump back out there again.


You come back home. I think a lot of artists go through that stuff. Yeah. And and it's natural and clearly all success isn't created equal. Right. 'cause y'all traveling all around The, World You know sold our shows making money. But then when you come home you walk in Magic City and don't get that love you like I want it here. I see That with a lot of artists. We we get the love in Magic City. I think we got like a hometown love there 'cause some of them teachers, them strippers I still went to high school with. So I seeing like You know what I'm saying? It's like that's A different topic. I love Magic City but I'm like man where is this stripper? No we get the love, we get the Love we, we took the gorillas up through. I say we took the gorillas to Magic City. Get the love folk Show love. But it's like it's more of a person to person love rather than like Fuck with y'all music. You Know. Yeah I fuck with y'all.


Not even, not even just the Music but I fuck with what y'all doing. Y'all niggas inspire me. It is not that like I play y'all shit all the time. Whatever. But it's like y'all see that with the nigga Inspire me. Y'all try to make records for the club that y'all go to or is it like nah we just, I don't never, I don't never because like that shit change all the time too. You can't really, that's a little too fast to Chase You know what I'm saying? Like, like them kind of records You know what I'm saying? Some will be high one one week in the club and then the next week it is not. It's like And I think nobody Wanna hear no more. There Are artists that make music for the club You. know what I'm saying? K, That's y'all K camp bro. Y'all, y'all, y'all make the vibes that we wanna come in here and listen to You know That's y'all. That's y'all third. Did Y'all mention K Camp KC Camp slept onto me. He is bro. For sure. I agree. For sure. I was with KC Camp two days ago, bro.


In the studio in Atlanta. We we be kicking it. We got the same producing. I'm in there with him bro. And I'm like this is my first time like really having like a long conversation bro. And one thing he said to me was like, man I'm envious of y'all niggas touring. Y'all tour all over the place. I be like, I was literally was telling like bro I'm envious to like the hits you be having nigga like you be having like You know what I'm saying? You always consistently have something that like anybody can bop. And he was like, yeah but when I go to New York, like I don't, I don't sell as many tickets And I'm like damn. So it's like really just You, know what I'm saying? Grass is greener kind of Saying Not equal like Yeah so it's not equal. Like I'm, I'm looking at what you got like damn I want that. He looking at what we got like damn I want that. So that's why you really just gotta love what you got. That's right. I do feel like you guys have those records.


Like I feel like New Body was like that And, I feel like Bank was like that too. Yeah, bank was Ancestrally blessed because my cousin made that beat and we got the same grandma and she was like boom. Before we get into the new project, I definitely wanna touch on ghetto guys the record power. 'cause I feel like it was a little prophetic in like a weird way the way the year panned out. But the gain, The World lose your Soul, skull and Bones. Puffy Combs. So Tell me why he called us about that line. No Wait, this is prior. You sure? That's what he was telling me about. Say what's the timeframe when You say the call. So this is like 20, 22. Right after that song dropped. I don't know Diddy from Adam didn't think Look gotta say that right.


I ain't say I never been to Party, Never been to his House. I didn't know, I didn't know I You, know what I'm saying? We get a call one day from Mysterious number. I'm at the crib, I'm on the Xbox, you get a call from from mysterious number motherfucker And I. Then I guess they called management. He called us and was like, yo, the next time that number called let's just pick up, see what's going on. FaceTime open to FaceTime is motherfucking Diddy. What this nigga wanna talk about. He wanna talk about how clean and pure his soul is. And I'm like, Hey bro, I don't know you nigga, I don't care. I have nothing to gain from this conversation. And he was like, Hey man, I heard what y'all said on that song. I just wanna let You know I'm on a love wave right now, man. I'm clean. I'm, everything's good, everything's pure. I'm like, bro, I literally that that line came to me from from a lightning bolt from heaven, bro. I didn't know.


Yeah, I didn't think of that shit. I wasn't trying to insult you. I didn't even know he was gonna hear it Again. Oh, about get Him subpoenaed. What was it that It was gain? The. World lose your skull. I mean gain The. World. Whoa. Lose your soul. Skull and bones. Puffy combs. Damn. What did that from an artist's interpretation, what did that line mean when you wrote It? I was, I was just saying like You know what I'm saying? Just kind of playing with people's fear of like the Illuminati and shit like that. Like I, I like throwing little hints of like who spooky shit. And it's like, I don't know what Didi actually been through. I had no idea that this was gonna happen. And I definitely ain't know he was gonna Even, even like with you look like nigga stop lying.


I had no bro, we had, we had no clue bro. Bro, I, shit, I be, I be in College Park bro. When I go back home And I see in the hood, I don't know like nigga I love, I love C'S verse but it is like what he's talking about too. Why nobody looking at me like a bad bitch. Like I think that line is mad weird. But it kind of, But no it, no not me reason. Listen that phone because I ain't even heard, I Mean I think Cilo was kind of talking about like just how every, like if you not use for you useless in the, in the industry in some type of way, You know what I'm saying? He was just like, but you gotta be able to find the right spaces for you to be valuable rather than like trying to like sell yourself to everybody walking in, in the rooms and be like, yo, y'all don't wanna use me for this. Y'all don't use me for that. 'cause that's when you get in the positions where You know what I'm saying?


Like you taking advantage of, I would love to know the conversations that y'all have had with people like Cilo You know what I mean? Or even, even the three stacks because I, I know maybe not. 'cause they were kind of like the first, so they, they came before like all of the trap music and everything else. They didn't really have nothing to look at and be like, damn we don't sound like Atlanta. 'cause they were Atlanta. They were, they were And for them that was what it was. Yeah, yeah, yeah. For them that's what it was. That's it's so crazy. We talked to obviously them since and they've had all type of You, know what I'm saying? Dimensions to their careers and You. know what I'm saying? It's always the same advice. Be yourself, which You know it sounds cliche until you actually do it and it's like, oh wait, actually this is a hundred percent working. Like nigga just being me is working Hoodie, mob is some of the greatest rapping ever in the history Life.


I'm I I still talk to Cujo like a beer bro. Like a real nigga, bro. Go Listen to c Low version on 1 million niggas Inside. Yeah, he snagged. Oh, he went crazy. He bar this shit up. What, what? Bring up Didi had a light bulb moment. It it wasn't gonna be Diddy. I swear. Let's talk Pharrell. How was working with Pharrell and how did you Pretty amazing. It was like something I would've, because he's another One that's like, he goes outside the box. Yeah. We, that was also also during the pandemic. So he had us get You know Covid tested before pulling up to the crib. We went down to Miami, came Down to Miami. Walk in. It's, it's the, the the, what is it, the boat out there, the water out there and stuff. He Got, he got a, a health station.


We taking big B12 shots and stuff. Like While we recording we got IVs and Like just getting healthy. Also We drinking tequila at the same time because Tequila That's right. Got his own tequila. Oh he had a drink that he was, that he was claiming his at at during that time. I don't know if he was tequila. You gotta be careful with that. Guys I knew said it. I said, oh, he just said his stuff up. I but You know. I heard you say Pharrell though though. I I heard you say earlier that you wanted that vintage sound. And I. Listen to that song. I'm like it it sound like old Neptune. Mm You got, well Yeah, I mean the initial process was was with You. know what I'm saying? We, we grew up listening to the Neptunes You. know what I'm saying? We grew up burning their CDs and stealing them and, and trading them with the other homies You.


know what I'm saying? Like Grinding Beat is a classic. Like I Niggas didn't nightmares grinding You. know what I'm saying? You name it bro. Like when it came out we wanted, we wanted to be in that kind of bag with 'em You know what I'm saying? Do the fo count, do the stuff that, like, like I said, even when we working with the gorillas, like it was all the shit that like, like a nigga from the south side of Atlanta or from the southwest side, Atlanta dreamed of being around that type of shit. So it was, it was dream come true. I will say Pharrell started a bunch of songs with us and then he did some like cat in the hat shit and like just like put a hat on and walked out onto the, onto the, he got on, He got on the boat and left And just left mid session. What bro? Like You be like I'm I'll be right back. No, he was like, come out, I'm out. Enjoyed this like Walked away hat That what y'all Was doing.


We finished the records, We back to work, we got boat stop back work. That nigga had a boat pull up to his back door and left and that was like, yeah this, did He come back? Never saw him again. How many records y'all do? We did about Five or six. Yeah, But he's on You got it though? Yeah, he on. Got it. He just left y'all hooks and all or that Yeah well he, he they They did the beat and the hook for you Gotter. Yeah. And then he did a couple, he bounced around on a couple of 'em for a little while and then he left a bunch of beats and then he just left. Did y'all walk around this house when y'all had to go to the bathroom? Like lemme see what this house look like. Went upstairs, And. I wanna stay? I'm gonna go to anybody house. See you keep me out. Yeah. Yeah. Well he had to clear the record though, right? Yeah. Okay. He cool. Yeah, him he fought with the song. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


Yeah. That's funny. Not counting a hat. T Payne's on the Album with Spillage Village. Yes. Right. tpa. Why did T Payne, why not bro? Sut Pay time A good nigga bro. Real nigga out here bro. Like I say, he a nigga you could actually just talk to. He gonna tell you some real shit that he been through. Yep. He gonna give you some You, know what I'm saying? Necessary words of caution. Like a lot of these niggas out here just You, know what I'm saying? Be dead in the eyes and shit. He still got the youth and the life in his, his eyes. Like nigga that shit's important outta All the stuff he been through. Yeah. What's the craziest he paint story that he told y'all? Nothing. I, the craziest story I would say is just the, the whole shit about him You know what I'm saying? Being rich as the story he tell everybody though, when he was rich as fucking 19 and how that shit went down here You know what I'm saying? But like that's a good story.


That's a great story. Every nigga told shit like that 10 nigga is on the way, like that helps. But I remember You, know what I'm saying? TPA also got us pretty drunk and we just talked about it You know what I'm saying? But he also, we did the song tequila with him before that and that was, that was just a powerful moment. We didn't get to do that in real time. But then after that we did that, we did that Love You more. And he was like, he was kind of holding it for his shit and then he was like, I don't really know what to do with this. And then by the time he gave it to us he was like, I'm so glad y'all got it put in the right hands. Like I don't want to like I ain't know what to do with this shit. So people Love that record too. People, people really love that record. Yeah. Y'all are so reminiscent of so many different things and you're working with people that like, like hearing you say you made a song Tequila with T-Pain. I instantly think, of course buy you a drink and like do y'all, is there pressure at that point where you're like, Hmm, like we wanna deliver no pressure because how you felt when you heard T-Pain, like the buy you a drinking being young that See, I mean there's no pressure.


All you wanna do is just enjoy the moment. How about say The pressure is alleviated by the, by the dream bro. It's like, damn, I can't believe I'm doing this shit. Like fuck pressure. I mean this, this is the reality of it happening Right now. Now here right Now. It's better than any pressure. It's stronger than any pressure it could be. Yeah. How Was, how was j Cole as a, a label owner? Right? And and the reason I ask is he owns a label but he's also an artist. Right? And And I think maybe about a couple years ago, maybe about four or five years ago, Cole will call me and he would ask me about the mix tape era, right? Yeah. Because he was like, I got these artists, And I wanna break back into that mix tape era. How did that happen? Like he's, he's, he's somebody that dives into everything. Like he reminds me of somebody that always wants to research 'cause he wants to know everything that goes around. So how is he as a label owner when it comes to his artist? I mean, I think the, the coolest thing is like, he's not like a label owner.


He don't, he don't ever act like a label owner or a boss or nothing. That's why we wanted to do business with him 'cause it was equal You. know what I'm saying? Don Shout out to Twitter. 'cause niggas love saying, Hey Yoko, y'all boss boss Ain't boss. That's Not our boss boss. He Not my boss. You know what I'm saying? So it's like we, we got into it 'cause it was, it was an equal partnership. And then secondly, he approaches it from an artist standpoint. He may, it's it's always make the most honest music to you and then put it out and it'll You know what I'm saying? It'll connect. I mean that's, that's who he is. That's what he's done. That set him, sets him apart from a lot of people. And it's like, that's still the blueprint for everybody that he works with You know what I'm saying? So it's never like you ain't got no hit yet.


You know what I'm saying? It's never like that. It's, it's just, are you doing the honest, the most honest music for you? And it's like, all right, well then put that shit out. See what it do. Do it again. Do it again. What, What's it like at Dreamville nowadays? Because I, I've always felt like y'all don't really move like a unit. Like I Never felt like, yeah, everybody kind do their own thing, bro. I ain't gonna hold you bro. Is there like a group chat there, there are times where I would like, she said it, that Group chat. No, For real. Like I would love, it's like, it's some group chats and shit, but I, I was, I was, I ain't gonna hold you. There's times where I always let, like I would see yo Gotti come up here. I'm like damn, why Cole ain't doing the yo Gotti shit man, we need to do this fucking yo Gotti shit. He come up here. Absolutely, but anybody he, he signed, he just come up here with him. That does a lot though. Yeah, it does. It does, it does. He comes up here with all his artists. You like, you don't see him, you be outside. But I believe it And I so Alute to them.


I respect that shit. But at the same time, You, know what I'm saying? Niggas move how they move? And? I. I think, I think the, the the, the honesty and the truth like he said behind Dreamville is kind of what keeps us all united. Like You know niggas ain't necessarily on the like smiling in your bullshit with Shit. You Know. I'm Just, we were just with And he did last week. Y'all club Ain't what I'm for an Birthday. Y'all check in on Art Ari Lenox at all? Yeah, Ari, my dog. Okay, Ari, my dog. I love art to death. That's why she said she was leaving social media. She should, She Should. Most y'all should. We all should. If we all did, it would hurt them so bad. The people that own that shit, we don't have that type of unity.


But yeah, I feel with Ari, bro, when we, when we first was signed the ari, I mean signed to Ari, signed the Dreamville like Cole had us REG all in the house on some like making the band shit. So we built like a real like So who went For Cheesecake? You said like, like Yeah we didn't, we didn't have to make the band Cheesecake. I shit And. I wasn't walking for nobody. Shit we talking about that. Why it very confusing. You have to hold, put a gun in my face bro. Different. You probably have to pull the trigger but motherfucking we just built like a, a sibling type relationship with r and m during that time and that shit You know what I'm saying? I'm always checking Ari And I. Hope she do You. know what I'm saying? I hope she actually get off. Ari, Ari is fine. I don't know why people try to be like, how Ari doing?


It's been sober For two years for a long time. Fine. But I think it's because for me as a fan watching her, first of all, I feel like she doesn't get a lot of her just due. That's number one. Secondly, I feel like pe when she, anything she does, people always like attach to and sometimes it's not the most positive and it's so not warranted. 'cause she minds her business. Exactly bro. So, but sometimes that gets to people. Yeah. And she seems very strong minded, but it can get to people so You know. Yeah. I I I that's compassionate. So I we appreciate them questions. And, I. Think You. know what I'm saying? What you're saying really matters though. Like, as long as you be yourself, it's not gonna always You know what I'm saying, connect sometimes or people going gonna come at you. People don't like people who are authentic You know what I'm saying? People who super authentic, especially on social media because people Yeah, they, they hate that.


They like this person got so On social media, like these fake reals, like she go the furthest so People gonna attack her because she's authentic, because she's herself. So that's why we saying like it's it's good that she, she get off social media because some people should not have to like be You. know what I'm saying? Like succumb to that all the time. Just be yourself and let your stuff shine be it's, it's, it's a lot of movie stars not on social Media. I'm my favorite artist, You know what I'm saying? Don't be on. And like, they really like people who really, really push You, know what I'm saying? Like culture, like don't have social media. So it's like, it's not a necessity. And we think a lot of people gotta understand that because like, you don't have to put yourself out there that much every day to appease people. You know what I'm saying? Imagine like a, like you Said about the reels. 'cause I hate them shit too. And they'll put 'em in black and white and put that spooky music behind it.


Yes. You know what I mean? Put a late, put a river and you could say anything. Anything bro. Anything, anything bro. And, and it, and it works because You know what I'm saying? It worked the same way. McDonald's burgers work You know what I'm saying? Like it ain't like it ain't better for nobody, but it's, it's quick as fast and it gets whatever I need in my mind. Done. Yeah. So it's like, all right, cool. I'm gonna keep eating that shit. But like imagine a nigga like Daniel Day Lewis on social media You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like somebody who be like, Well Imagine Denzel Washington on social media. It's just like, bro. Like Imagine him having to be fake. A nigga that You know. Imagine That nigga doing it real. Imagine him real Denzel Washington doing a real like You know what? I don't want to see this at all bro. Denzel could be fired though because all you gotta do is tap into his characters. The next one day lines up from training day to next day.


He All his old characters go crazy then That he do it 50 times You. know what I'm saying? Then it's just like, bro, I just really won. Wanna just watch him Will Smith hot on social media. Next thing You know, he slapping niggas on stage, bro. He, he, he was, he was a lot cooler to a lot of people before that shit happen. But You know, you do have some people who are really like 50 cent is really himself social. No, 50 cent Funny as all 50 Like Lil D really himself. They really themselves, it's A gift. Some people are really fire at it You know what I'm saying? Some people probably shouldn't be on it. Like it's really, it's not for everybody. I think that's what it, I think a lot of people say it's like social media is for everybody. It's the new wave. Like you gotta be on it to promote. You gotta be on it to do this. Like, I mean, then you just turning your back on all these other ways to connect to people.


I do wanna go back to something y'all talk about with Dreamville. What's the point of doing revenge of the Dream compilation then? Because I feel like that's the moment where Cole should be like, all right, we gonna make these radio runs, we gonna do these shows together. Like that's should be the, that's the time you got. You're putting everybody in this compilation, Album now let's go push the whole label. The fans Will listen either way. If that does happen. Yeah. About I say because we be wanting it. I would love to talk to Cole About that. Yeah, yeah, I would too. Shit, you've never tried. You seem, you're very vocal. You've never tried to, Hey, I got a lot, lot of pins. I feel like I got so many opinions I get pushed into like the craziness category sometimes. 'cause I'm always with a, with a new idea. I'm like a fountain of ideas. That's not a hard idea.


Ed Cole, when you gonna fuck with us? Like You know, put us on some stages, show up with us. I mean he's Do y'all want that though? Y'all want him to do that? Yeah. I mean, yeah. At at th at this point now, I think we are very solid in who we have. Like fan base wise. It grow. It is growing steadily. It's core. Core is strong. We gonna sell our shows, we gonna get immersed, we gonna get money. So like that You know what I'm saying? There's, there's enough solidarity within that to build that and focus on that. But at the same time, I think it's bigger, it's a bigger thing when you, when when when there's unity and like a bunch of us You know what I'm saying, coming together. He, we went on tour with Cole You. know what I'm saying? What two or three times that was really good for us You. know what I'm saying? We, we was on the, we was on the, i, in my opinion, the best tour. It was us, YSL, Jayden Smith Cole.


That was a, that was like, you can't make a better tour. That shit was like a movie. But like I heard Jada Smith Talk about that the other day. He was talking about Thug came in his room and was like, yo, how come there's No girls in your room ever? He ain't never had no holes in there. But You know that shit was true. We And we used to be in each other room. Yeah. Our room was like, was like the, was like the gas station because we'll go, we'll have all the backwoods, we'll have all the weed. I used to have somebody You, know what I'm saying? Usually tat and shit. So why sell come in our room, they'll get tatted and get backwoods and then go to the next room, go see Jayden and he in there You know what I'm saying? Doing 360 on the scooter. But like, it was cool. I thought you was gonna say sound bad. So I don't know why. Oh no. Jane Lewis Is hilarious. I ulu just be sitting back like all I'm gonna shoot.


But he already shot. He letting the chop a fly. Do I really need to shoot, I'm gonna sniper man. Now, now Cole wasn't on the Album. Did y'all want Cole on the Album or did y'all do that Specifically? I don't even think about it. Ain't think about it like, bro, I didn't even think about it, bro. Like we just making music bro. Like I ain't got time to be thinking about Fane. Get shit. That's my mans You. know what I'm saying? So it's not like, it's not like, yo, we trying to do this. Is Anybody from Dreamville Album Don't be trying to hit him up for a play. Yeah, I don't think so. Is this the end of a trilogy? Yeah, essentially. Yeah. I mean it is, it is, it is the, I would say it's the, The earth gang versus the algorithm. Yeah, it, I'm gonna say the bigger campaign is Earth gang versus the algorithm. Yes. So this project, I was just a little confused 'cause some of the records I'm already familiar with and then some of them are weren't.


So this project is like, like both of them combined. Yeah. This project, I mean what we, what we wanted to do.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple cart play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks impressive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagine Nissan kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


The summer is heating up. So the next time you pop open a Coca-Cola or Coke Zero sugar. Prepare for ice cold drops from Coke Studio. New music from your favorite artists and their latest hits with drops from new jeans. Carol g and Peggy Goo Plus live performances at the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke, a Coke zero sugar 12 ounce can and unlock magic music moments all year long, no purchase necessary. 13 plus in 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize. availability@coqrl.com slash Studio USA. Promo copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company.


It is Ryan here. And I have a question for you. What do you do when you win? Like are you a fist pumper? A woo-hoo, A hand clap or a high fiver? If you wanna hone in on those winning moves, check out Chumba Casino. Choose from hundreds of social casino style games for your chance to redeem serious cash prizes. There are new game releases, weekly plus free daily bonuses. So don't wait. Start having the most fun ever@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VG W Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


High Five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account. Hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void, book prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com, high five casino


With this project and everything else on earth gang versus the algorithm. It's like man, just dump all that on its head. You. know what I'm saying? Like even that's why we releasing on Tuesday. We dump, we breaking the rules. So we putting new music with our eps that we know our fan base love and we just putting it all together. 'cause it's like why, like why try to limit how people receive this You. know what I'm saying? It's like, it's just enjoy it. Enjoy it. So like we got, we got a lot of good stuff on this new project that we just delivering to people. Thing Tuesday used to be today I'm old. Tuesday was today. Today it was. That was the day back in the day. It was the day they changed it to Friday. Robbia tell us why we should be afraid We, we shouldn't. I don't think we should. I think, I think we, we brought up the concept role for one 'cause we wanted to, we wanted to be just documented as saying the term before it got everywhere.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. But even outside of that You know what I'm saying? It's really just to kind of call in into question like what is, what do we care about? Do we care? Is, are is, is there an impending doom? I think it or is it like a a mesh that we gonna all have to just be a part of? If you don't propel, you should be afraid. I ain't gonna say you shouldn't be afraid if you don't propel. 'cause they will steering jobs You know what I'm saying? Like it's serious out there for real. Like so just be prepared, be understand how to use ai, understand how to use the technology. I mean if you smart, it's going to cut all this hours of stuff away that you trying to do and you can have more time to enjoy life. I just don't want us to get away from using our brains. 'cause the brain still the most powerful computer. Always. Always. You use yours. Yeah. Yo, that's crazy.


That's crazy. Wow. I'm with the robot revolution man. Think I think we should, I think a lot of the sex workers should be robots. Like we should go ahead and just nip that in the butt. Let's just go ahead and get a whole fleet of that what you need Until they start thinking for they self and they be me, me, two niggas in 20 years. I wasn't comfortable with that. You were Bill for that. I'm Telling you, I'm trying to tell you. Talk to us about Red Flag it too. Oh Red Flag man. So initially Red Flag was made, it was when we first made that song, it was right when Britney Spears had got let off her conservatorship. Yeah, her conservatorship. So the song was called Britney Spears at first.


It's even a couple of shout out to her in the song. Like when I was like, hit me baby one more time and like shit like that. So it was all like, even though I know you think I'm crazy, that's a line that was like I I said that like that people just think she crazy. They don't even really know her You know what I'm saying? So like, but then it kind of just evolved into like the whole conversation that we all having right now about dating You. know what I'm saying? What is a red flag? What's a green flag? What matters? What don't matter. Why we talking about body counts and bank accounts so much? We should be talking about your relationship with your motherfucking mother bro. Like your dad. Why We Your dad like You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm like or or or are you aware of these red flags and are you trying to change 'em? Like are you enjoying life in the process? I think, I mean I'm I'm curious why you pointed that one out because like You like that song. I love that song.


Yeah, because I, 'cause we love that song that that was made early in the project. We throw that on it 'cause we really loved it. But like we saying it is really prophetic. 'cause we was talking about this in 2021 and now 2024. You seeing people talk about attachment theory and all this and all that and folks really having to like look in the mirror and being like, damn, am I the problem You know what I'm saying? Like, but I think it's important that we talk about it and also like just enjoy life through the process. Because I feel like a lot of everybody got got red flags, people been in relationships for 10, 15 years, happily married still red flags that you just, these some, these are the things that we just gonna continue to work on as we in partnership. Whether it's romantic partnership or just regular partnership You know what I'm saying?


It is what it is. If you love Somebody, yeah, they talk about them platonic red flags bro. Y'all need to be actual just good as friends with niggas that You know be doing fucked up shit. And that, I mean that's that that, that friendship stuff, the stuff that you align, friendship seeps into your romantic relationships too. You know what I'm saying? All the stuff that you like people, a lot of people jump straight into romantic relationships and you should like look around your friendships. You be like, why are you friends with this person does, this is what works. This is why y'all, y'all solid. Then like be solid with your romantic partner. That way too. A lot of people just be like, it's romantic relationships so it's supposed to be completely different, a whole other shit You. know what I'm saying? It's supposed to be a Disney movie. Like it, all these other rules that I gotta use to keep these other relationships in my life solid. Don't apply to this one. This is different. And it's like, it is But it's not.


But it's The same foundation though. You. know what I'm saying? Everything Y'all saying is so true. I I always wonder why do guys have more loyalty than they do than the woman that they go home with? Where that barber like they, they They now that barber shit is different. The barber, that's Your therapist. The barber, barber low therapist. You gotta slow down too much You know I'm saying I'm still working through that. Slow down. Slow down. And what y'all said earlier about, you said the bank account, people sitting around talking about their bank account and what that stuff they doing that because they gotta, they're distracting themselves from actually dealing with the work with the person. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Within You know And I think Covid made everybody have to sit still and look in that mirror for the first time. And if you ain't never did no work on yourself, no therapy or nothing, niggas went crazy. That Shit hit like a ton of bricks.


Niggas lost it, niggas lost their minds and they sitting in the same room too. Or they in the room with somebody who they don't like You know what I'm saying? And they sleeping next to the somebody they don't like. And like You know what Ain't never really like your as Probably don't fuck with you like that You know what I'm saying? So it's like you write a lot of things And, I think even us writing that song during that period and all of these people now are kind, I feel like a lot of people just like breaking up with all those relationships that people felt like during the pandemic, during Covid folks had to get together for Survival You. know what I'm saying? It's like this might be You know what I'm saying? Nigga thought thought Was many like The first seven months. But y'all but y'all was In Atlanta. Yeah. And y'all still Felt like that. Everybody felt Like that different You know We was outside for sure. But that's, but even still, but like around The World relationship I got in during, during the pandemic was because it was with some girls that had moved to Atlanta because they, they needed somewhere to dance.


So I'm like, all right, cool. Well You know the strip club open here, come on down, next thing I know look at you Talking save life. I know that's right. I wasn't trying to save life, I'm just telling where they can go get some work at. But I am like bro, but shit, since we here all time we can kick it. We end up getting a connection and I'm like, nah, I'm connected with a bitch that I don't really like her. That you don't really like, really rock. I hope. I don't know. Is this the first time she's hearing that you didn't really like her? Nah, no. We had this conversation. We had conversation. We been broke up. It was a long time ago. Do You think we got real community nowadays? Hey man, not to be that nigga, but a lot of community died once niggas start gonna church, I'm a nigga that don't go to church, so I'm part of the problem. But A lot of community died when niggas got on the line, got on the internet You know what I'm saying?


Saying like, I feel like community is built by like people who like really see you and validate you You know what I'm saying? I feel like y'all got community in here You. know what I'm saying? We got community here with our people right here, You know what I'm saying? But like online, that shit fake You know what I'm saying? Like people could validate you one day and then the next day they could throw tomatoes at you because you, you say something that they don't care about. Like that shit fake You. know what I'm saying? Like real community is people who going to uphold you when you falling down and all this stuff. So like it's possible. But like when you try to jump straight to the shortcut You know what I'm saying? That's when you got, that's true. 230,000 followers. But you lonely as hell. So you don't have real community. What you mean by community died? When people start gonna church, You know there was a, there was a a, there was a, like you said, there was a physical place to to to know and and relate to people, to fellowship.


All that shit was important You know what I'm saying? That's, that's where for our people, that's where we came up with a lot of the stuff for the civil rights movement. Oh, you saying people Stopped going to church? People Started going church? No, no church stop church. No, no, no. People, like I say, I don't go to church. I'm part of the problem. But when niggas used go to church, like my, when I look back on older generations, my auntie them, my, my mom and them, the people that they love and the people that helped them through hard shit. Like when my, when my, when my dad got in a car accident, couldn't walk for a long time. The people that came around was the people that they met at these physical places. If I go through some shit, if I, when God forbid something happened to me, I tweet about it, NE's gonna be like L You. know what I'm saying? N's gonna say something like lame shit. Like be like we Don, nobody gonna come to help.


Speaking of community, what were you trying to do with Kamala's voice? Like what was the tweet about? Oh, I Was just going, I just wanted to yo say yo, yo, I was so, I, I heard the, I heard the little thing And I. I seen everybody tweet like, damn Kamala sounds so good on the phone. I was like damn, we should probably use that for our Album. Jesus. I just needed the AI voice. I'm just going You, know what I'm saying? Send some voice notes. How to put like, yeah, aint getting, that ain't Album. That's how she be sound. Y'all got Snoop on the record on purpose Radio Had to, yeah. Was y'all going for like a sensual seduction type Thing? No, not with that song. Okay. Snoop, just vibe with the record, bro. Like I said, that was another pandemic record we made that one, like when we was just sitting there sitting around the crib. My homie came through with a old school signing beat, so I tried to make something appropriate for the beat.


And then when Snoop heard it, he actually dog walked us crazy on that song 'cause he went crazy. Yeah, but that's what we wanted though. You know what I'm saying? Like I said, this, this whole project is a tribute to like, to that period of like the early two thousands when we was looking at all these folks like Legends, You know what I'm saying? Like even the, even the cover and the packaging is all based on like T NAMI and shit like that. Like that's for, for us that would be like a day coming home from school, you watch a little tsunami, you bump some Snoop, you bump some for real You know what I'm saying? You go outside hoop for a little while, your mama tell you, come in, you do your homework. And that's You know what I'm saying? That's life. But like we wanted to tribute to that time Now Love Below as well. Yeah. Yeah. I feel like it was just so, even just music was just so diverse. It Was so diverse. Was so diverse. It was worth stealing some shout the piracy.


Yeah. You got Love Below. You got, you got Usher You. know what I'm saying? Like you got mother fucking franchise boys and shit. Like all this shit happening in Atlanta at once. Then you go watch, like they say you go home, watch two nine me and shit, you might flip the MTV, see Pharrell and stuff. It was like, oh man, this shit, what can I not do? Okay, it makes sense to me now what makes sense to you? But I text Nyla earlier, I was like, ma'am, they not rapping. Like I want them to be rapping. I knew a lot of people was gonna say that too. That's Why I was like, I'd like to hear y'all rap. And I was like, okay, but now it makes sense to Yeah, some, some more raps is coming. We not You know. They On no way. And I'm listening to the music, And I was saying the same thing. I'm like, and sound like a old Neptune beat. I'm like, it's a time, but it makes sense now. We Paid to an era. Okay, okay. Okay. With with records like the wake it, it sounds like a stream of consciousness.


Is that what it is? That ends with Damn, she's thick. What's the, what's The parallel between you? No, that was supposed to be a funeral. Yeah, the wait, Talk about, I mean the wait, I mean that it's funny enough, well, not funny enough, but the wait kind of like came about where like in our, in our lives we had like past couple of years, we had some real, real motherfuckers die in our lives. You know what I'm saying? Like while we on the road, while we comb and shit like our people You know what I'm saying? And like, I don't know. Sometimes when you just on the go like that, you don't get a chance to like grieve. You don't get a chance to even like let it be a part of the process. So like we on the road, we doing this and doing that and like you said, it just happened. It was a sound check You know what I'm saying?


I just recorded it, whatever. And then You, know what I'm saying? He, he, he put his spin on it when on the, the porn part at the end. But like, I don't know. Sometimes when shit happens, you just trying to make sense of it. You even, you can't, you can't put it into a frame You know what I'm saying? You just like, nigga this, this is what it is. That that damn shit thick part was, was one of my comedian homies. He was supposed to be playing like a nigga that's at, at your funeral and that's what niggas be on. They be looking at you girl. He like, damn, that's, that's his girl. Damn. She thick. So like even when you die, nigga's gonna be looking at your girl at the funeral You. know what I'm saying? Show that was just the show day. That's what it is. And what was it like filming Die Today? Just because I, I had, I hated Die today filming it. I hated it. It was traumatic.


I didn't want to get in that coffin. I had a panic attack. It was awful. Why'd you do it then? Because I'm a team player. Charlamagne, I'm a team player and that's, that's my fatal flaw and my victory. Yeah. You know, I I was always taught you, you turned out to be what you pretend to be. So I don't even, I can't even play like that to be honest with you Bro. See, I don't, I mean we all gonna go one day. I'm play with crutches. I don't play with wheelchairs. So I'm in there. They like close the casket all the way please for the shot. I'm like, I'm doing this both hands the whole time. Like, nah, it ain't gonna get closed. The light of God is gonna come in this motherfucker. But at the same time I was terrified. I can't gonna hold you. Was there like a particular passing that inspired just the record in general? Yeah.


One of my friends, she committed suicide. She was young too. She was one quiet, quiet girl You know what I'm saying? And then his cousin passed last year. You know what I'm saying? He also, he also took his own life You Know what I'm saying? So it's like these young, young people, You, know what I'm saying? Early twenties, who got they life ahead of them and like bright people You know what I'm saying? So it's like, I don't know, it just kind of gut you sometimes You know what I'm saying? When you just like, damn Sean, I ain't even know you were going through that You. know what I'm saying? You like one of the quiet type. You get your grades, your grades is excelling, you excelling in this, excelling in that. You don't really talk about nothing. And then When somebody, You gone, You, you feel like you could've done more too. Yeah. Like that was the hardest thing for me. Still the hardest thing for me. I, every day I think like, damn bro, if I would've just You know what I'm saying, did X, Y, Z, maybe I coulda had X, Y, Z to, to make you see that, that you ain't had to do this You.


know what I'm saying? I thought I was helping the whole time. All those things like you get, you get so much self guilt and it's like, yo, I just gotta, I gotta, you gotta, you gotta process it through what you do. Process it through The music. Sometimes, sometimes people don't even got to die. For real, for real though. Like, sometimes people just leave your life and you like, You know we, we not aligned on the same path no more. It's like, I I I love you so much You. know what I'm saying? I wish you the best And I want you to still blossom, but like you kind of dead to me low key You. know what I'm saying? 'cause of something that you did 'cause of something I did whatever. A lot The love still there, but like the connection is gone. So like sometimes we be grieving people who still alive too, but Well, Carlos Miller say that's You know how many people I done lost that didn't die. Exactly Bro. They did.


No it ain't did. But You know I had a friend who committed suicide in 2020 during Covid And I remember you? I remember you posting about her. Yeah. She was a writer to a writer, right? Yeah. And she made me look at suicide different because she was so strategic and she was a person who was like so meticulous with everything that she did. So in my mind, like she just knew when she was ready to go. And even if you look at like her social media leading up to it, she was posting things like, I wonder what my next life gonna be like. Or she was like, she was like, COVID taught me that I would've jumped off the slave ship long before we got here. Like so she knew. It's crazy. And so it kind of just makes me look at people like that different, like maybe some people just know what, what They want ask. Nah, it's, it's crazy you say that. 'cause I mean You know with with different religions and stuff, You know suicide is a sin and this that, but like with some people, some, I mean niggas who believe in reincarnation, it's like, hey bro, like this one ain't for me bro.


Like I'm do this shit over bro. Like straight up And I just had to start over how I gotta start over. But it like, some people be in deep suffering You know what I'm saying? And like, if that's your choice, that's your choice. We could help you if you want help. But if that's your choice, that's your choice. That's right. That's right. I'm not encouraging suicide, Not encouraging it at all. But like you can get help You know what I'm saying? Like that's the thing. Like you could get help down. So pick up the vibe. You guys did a project with Mary The Snake Gang project. Yeah. Finally some good shit. Let's smile. Y'all about made me cry. She like, fuck this whole place. That was a, a very vibey, very Malibu Shout out.


No. Yes. Yeah, We did that in Atlanta also. We did that In the a So they came, they they from the uk but they live in la They came to the a And I. I love Snake Hips, man. So shout out to Snake Hips. Gotta put that out there. They one of the best electronic groups that we have in existence right now. If you ever go to a snake hip show, you won't regret it. But it was, it was an honor to do some music with them and we gonna do some more with them. Man, you guys really be pushing the sound 'cause you brought them to Atlanta is kind of nuts. Yeah, we bring everybody, bro. You gonna come to the west side too? You ain't finna just be up in Buckhead bushing. You gonna see where we be at. Talk About Y'all did a whole albums Niggas, We did a ep. I must Have missed That one. It is really good. Turn on the way home. You gonna vibe with it. It's really, it's like some music.


Music. It's like some like boom. That shit, I gotta listen to that. They got one of my favorite songs. Bounce Is the best one. Snake Hips. Yeah. All, all my friends are wasted. That's The vibe. I love that song. What? I just didn't know you had it in, you Was making shit when I used to be in LA on drugs? Yeah. Like what? Let's talk about LA and drugs. Yeah. All right. I don't got nothing. Go ahead. Oh, I thought you were about to ask another question. So I wanna ask y'all some hip hop shit, right? Yeah. It been a good year for hip hop, right? Yes. How did y'all feel when, when Cole apologized?


Surprised And I was asleep? Yeah, that's how I felt. Man. You was right there. You back there Out I out. He was asleep. He Was good. I had did the show and then I had left. You left, I left, I went to bed, I woke up. Nigga was calling me, texting me and stuff about this shit. But I mean, bro, I know that nigga You know what I'm saying? So like a lot of niggas don't know him. So they, they, they create, they own opinions of why he did this and why that. Like I know this nigga, this nigga do whatever the hell he want to do. That is true. That's what about, And if he ever feel like he did something outta somebody else projection or, or whatever, like You know what I'm saying? Peer pressure and all that. Like that nigga going to take a step and he gonna be like, You know what? That ain't what I'm trying to do 'cause I'm gonna do whatever the hell I wanna do. So I was like, yeah that's, He's, that's 99% free will. So like if that in that one little percent that everybody's grabbing on.


Yeah. He like, that's that's a one time where that nigga like, You Know that's not my, this ain't me, y'all. And then I, I respect that shit You know what I'm saying? I respect a nigga who be like, You know what? I wasn't feeling that shit. Especially you do that shit in front of hundreds of thousands of people. Who else gonna do that shit? I'm say it niggas nuts. That Big bro A ball even be on that type time. And then we, like I said, we, I was backstage when it happened and the only first thing I could think was like, damn, I gotta beat this traffic 'cause nigga's finna leave And I. So I got, I left immediately, bro. I gotta go For the fireworks we got. I didn't see the fireworks. None of y like as soon as he said that y'all like, oh I, you could feel like call the whole crowd, but also, so it was just So surprising. It wasn't, Bro, he wasn't, wasn't, we wasn't telling him to do it. He like, not that he would listen to us anyway.


And he, and he wasn't telling us about it. He just went up there. And I think he had like a real moment with himself and was like, and also You know Schoolboy was at Dreamville Fest You know what I'm saying? Like we, we all know each other. If it wasn't for, for TDE, we wouldn't even be on Dreamville. So like they, they toping them through the Labb for us to even meet Cole. So like I didn't know that. Yeah. Went on. We went on tour with TDE. That was our first tour. We, it was Abso tour, but like Isaiah was on that tour for a little while. Sizzle was on. Like it was all, it was like, yeah Hendrick and, and Q had already kind of blown a little bit and Abso was going with these dates, which was a really, really good project. Yeah. And we was, we was opening so early, like motherfuckers was like just walking in. But in that time, like we Cole came to one of the shows, actually the show we did up here. And he would come early as fuck to see who was opening and top was like, yo You know what I'm saying?


All the, all the pieces kind of aligned. It was like, oh yeah, these niggas open for us, we like them and next thing You know that's how we Met. That's how we met Demeanor know we on Dreamville. Yeah. When he apologized, I didn't have a problem with it. 'cause I, when he said he was protecting his piece and he said he hadn't had a, he been sleeping good for 10 years, but now he wasn't. I was like, oh, I I I completely get, Totally Get it You know what I'm saying? And that when a nigga do something he don't wanna do You. know what I'm saying? When you doing something you Don wanna do To embarrass. Oh yeah. I, I'm gonna say I, I wouldn't have done that but because I, but I just like keeping up shit. It is just fun. I would've, I also can detach You know what I'm saying? I think Kobe really like internally every move is an internal move for him. But How did that, So let's go back to a second. So when he first, when he did the seven minute drill, did y'all think to yourself, damn we gonna have to, it's gonna be us against TD Say, did y'all think y'all was gonna jump in?


I could detach. I just, Yeah bro, that wasn't my beef bro. They, they not even the same like classes as You. know what I'm saying? Like they, that's like, that's like when some seniors get the fight and the freshmen just walk past. I ain't finna jump in You. know what I'm saying? I'm gonna my largest niggas Right. Get my books on Next Class. I might watch it a little bit. I'm gonna Like, oh that shit crazy, crazy shit. Crazy bro. So when he that the new record, what y'all think of the new record just on some hip hop shit. I ain't listen to it. I'm gonna be honest. Right Man. If you don't cut it out, you ain't Listen to it. I just ain't got Around to it's a lot of good music. Like you say it's a great year for hip hop. Lemme, There's no way you didn't get around to It. I haven't got around to it yet, bro. You said it, I'm not gonna lie. Yeah, I can't. I listened to it once.


I can't, I ain't heard it. You want me play it for you? I can't really give you a I ain't heard one time. You know what I I didn't like that. It's Okay if you just tired of listening to Music from, I literally listen to her one time so I can't really say what I like it. I heard, I ain't heard one line. No, I like it sonically. I just didn't like what he was saying in it. Like I don't want to hear about how deadly your PenFed is now. Oh, that's What you talking about? Yeah. And People think he duck it, but I don't wanna hear that. Like you, you had your moment Cole like let's move On. Yeah, I mean I I think if I was him I would just put a whole different song out, like some whole other shit. Why we, why we talking about this at all? That's right. But honestly I haven't, I haven't heard it so I don't know. I ain't gonna say What he's right though. Yeah, I can't stand. He's absolutely right. But you feel Nana, I feel like everybody should just take a break from listening to them.


I've personally been taking a break From listening to who? Cole Cole. Drake and Ken Cole. Drake And I just tired. She said done. I mean, I don't know bro. I'm, I'm a fan On Instagram. I'm giving Kendrick all my ears. You J Cole? I don't know Cole no idea Because the song was posted on there. I'm just really trying. Oh nah, I also don't be on IG nigga Who I could call at time. I don't like following them on ig. I'm just trying to figure out how y'all just didn't hear at all. Dead bro. Bro. My closest nigga, And, I got here to play with his five minutes. So I Don't got five minutes. They were cool with, which I always said was, it was so so people doubted him for so long. And I felt like in the last couple of years he'd been doing records with people. He'd been spitting. People are starting to give, were giving him the respect that I felt he deserved And.


I felt like that incident kind of just, people just turned back, put in the back back Y'all nigga. But them nigga that nigga checks steal cash. And I. A lot of People, people didn't didn't catch that until the last couple of years. Like, oh he's people. I feel like a lot of people who didn't fuck with him didn't catch that nigga who been listening to that nigga since 2006. If you was down, You was Down. Ain't ain't no debate. You know what I'm saying? Nigga is Concert them niggas be crying bro. Like it not like niggas be, it is not like You know what I'm saying? Show it's just all mosh pit. You. If a place that you would pay to shed tears. That's a different type of thing. We a thug wet up to a thug in them. Like them niggas was like, yo, how the fuck is this nigga doing this bro?


Like they used to be to be coming out. 'cause like You know niggas be sleeping on cold. Niggas sleep on people. And that's my point. Who, not who they like propped up the thing, but like niggas used to be coming out on his set like, bro, what the fuck he is going Bro? You thought used to be in awe Dude be like, yo, like this man is controlling tens of thousands of people right now. He like a wizard with the flick of his hand. So it's like, who cares? You see this You? know what I'm saying? Like you must be looking at something else. You should come see this like this way it at this what it is. Well Let's get into a joint. Oh, You got a comic book series coming too, right? I Heard. Oh yeah. We, we are working on this comic book series. I don't know how much I can say. I don't know what I mean. We working like we Just Yeah, I'm saying we just IP boys at this point, bro.


Yeah, we create, we write scripts. We been taking auditions. We like nigga, let's just do stuff bro. Let's just do everything. Like I say, we really tapped into our inner children over the pandemic and like everything I ever dreamed of doing, I'm going for it. Yeah. Everything they ever wanted to do. Yeah. Yeah. I always like comic books. I'm making them, I always like movies. I'm writing Like movies and You like comic books? Yeah. Oh, so Y'all don't got like a a a studio y'all working with with the comic book? Yeah, We, we, we, we trying to figure it out. We flirting around flirting, we Flirting. We got like two teams that's like kind of simultaneously building different ips. Got you. Gotcha. But let's get into it. Joint off Album what y'all want to hear. Let's, let's play that love you more. Let's do that. Do you got No that what you wanna hear, that you wanna hear? We I hear For Real took Chad off.


You got it? I heard it was a Neptunes record. He did. It was, it was, it was a Neptunes record. Crazy when we first got there. Chad was in the building. Was in the building. The reason the song they Was together when y'all, this is before they Was beefing 2022. We was all there together. Were getting B12 shots. Wait minute, wait a minute. So when Pharrell got on the boat, did Chad get on it with Him? He did not. She stayed with us. The beef started Nigga ain't let Chad, Chad, Chad stay and play. But no, Chad played like hella instruments. You know what I'm saying? Like Pharrell is like a great idea guy. He puts a lot of drums down. A lot of soundscapes. But Chad gonna play the intricacies. So Chad stayed to do the intricate, we thought that's what their dynamic was. Pharrell gets on boats, Chad You, know what I'm saying?


Stayed and play the guitar. And You think that separate it was cooking up the whole time. Y'all just didn't know? Probably. I mean, me and him had a little tension at that time. I think it was like just tension just across the board. The city And I Before we get to y'all fighting. So he took Chad off the record? Yeah. Just took And y'all Like, and just walked off and went on the boat. Well he didn't shut not in that order. The song. The song. We had the song for years with both of 'em on it. And then really within the, the last couple months of of clearing everything, it became featuring Pharrell And that, that took, that took a couple steps to get to that process too. 'cause it was produced by Pharrell then be, but his voice on it. So I guess he changed to featuring Pharrell. Wow. Then he dropped the Lego movie and then he, he stood on that. It is like, okay.


Well yeah, because To each other right now I think Chad is actually suing Pharrell. So He probably didn't want it to be featuring Neptunes. Yeah. Or nerd or whatever. Do Y'all ask questions when stuff like that change? Or you just be like, well, okay, That's not my business. Yeah, I'm not saying Finn ask no que if I can ask a nigga directly, I'm gonna ask. But like, I'm not Finn your people To Ask your people like now, Nah, if I sit down in front of you wanna talk about, yeah, We chilling and talking. We drinking Pharrell tequila with be 12 shots. Yeah, I'm gonna ask you. That's pretty, that's pretty vulnerable. But like, so did They take the, the the instruments off too? That, that I'm pretty sure they interpolated them differently. I'm pretty sure they wasn't the same. It wasn't the same. Yeah, because the version of the song that I play on my phone, I love, I'm gonna leave that there. This version Was, was changed up a little bit for the clearances.


Yeah. Now you also say you, So you say y'all had beef. So is that where the, the solo project started to come in? Is that when y'all first Started? I, Nah, I, I think when I say there was tension, I, I say I, this is what happened when we was in that Pharrell session, I had did something and this nigga had said something. And I had just had enough, right? So I'm like, what'd you say? What'd he say? I, I can't remember what you said, but I just know whatever he said, I was like, you never like my ideas nigga. Probably. And then Pharrell Pharrell looked at us like who It was like We did it in front of Pharrell. So that was a little embarrassing. But also, this is my dog. It's my brother You. know what I'm saying? We going this whatever. I Mean shit bro, I should be able to say what I feel to my brother and to my family. Of course You know what I'm, and they can take it how they take it. Yeah. And, and that's how I took it. I was like, nigga, you'll never be fucking with the shit I do, nigga.


Like, well I ain't listening to your ass. That's how I said I'm, I'm not even listening to you. And Pharrell took that as like, oh he must like, I, so, and then also the whole time them niggas was like working together but not really talking even in the same room. So I was like, you Can see I feel like this was a hell of a room. Yeah. Yeah. That's art bro. Like that's the, that's the nigga. Like I don't have no problem with none of that shit. I don't know. Shit ain't always peachy when you dealing with like real, especially when it's creativity bro. You know what I'm saying? Everybody got, they ego into it to a certain extent. You know. But Also saying, bro, you Ain't nothing wrong with ego though. It's a part of if you don't got no ego then you not going to have no bravado either. You know what I'm saying? What's long Y'all went without speaking? Shit? I don't know. I don't keep track of that. I don't know. That's a, that's a great question though.


Long time short. Y'all Y beat y'all Man. Fixing the media. We know too many people who know us. We got too many people in common, bro. Like we literally grew up in the same area. This nigga Bro, like my sister You, know what I'm saying? UpTogether, I don't remember meeting her type people. There's too many connections outside of us that's, we gonna always be boys. You know what I'm the end of the day. So it's like, yeah, you might have creative differences, but end of the day, like nigga fun thing, we know we represent not only just for us, but like for our part of Atlanta, for the southwest side of Atlanta, bro, we mean a lot bro. There's only a few niggas that's like from where we from that have, that have been all over The, World like we have. So like, and we, I don't even know if any of 'em been to like some of the places we been. Yeah. So that matters. And we got You. know what I'm saying? Shit that And I Also think like in the, with the creative process with whatever it is and whatever business it is.


Like you gonna be able to, you gonna have, you should, you should be able to say like, I agree with this, or I think this could be this way. I think that could be that way. You. know what I'm saying? That's with anything, any type of partner you should be able to say, oh, this shit hard. What about this You? know what I'm saying? Like, and if and if a nigga don't fuck with that shit that day, that's how they feel. You should be able to say That too. You know what I'm saying? Because I done been in plenty of times, man. Niggas know me. Sometimes I stand on beating And I be like, man, nah, this what I wanted to say. All right. So are the solo projects coming? Hell yeah. Yeah. Like I feel like even in that, that time period that wasn't, it wasn't like, like he said, tension. It really wasn't No tension. Nigga just needed more room to spread wings, You know what what I'm saying? That's really what it was like. It wasn't, it wasn't no bigger than that. It niggas haven't been making music for 10 years at that point.


And it's like if you, if if you got two artists drawing and y'all both drawing on the Same, on the same paper, it's like, yeah, that shit cool For a little while. And, I just really want pay nigga need more space, bro. Like I ain't gimme a bill then, but I, I can still love respect what you doing You. know what I'm saying? Yeah. Also too, I think what y'all are explaining is man, it it, men gotta learn how to communicate. Yeah. You gotta learn how to express our feelings to each other. Good sadness, frustration, whatever, whatever it is. And it shouldn't lead to no violence shouldn't lead to, I don't fuck with you no much Be a conversation. I saying, I be saying that shit to my sisters and shit. I be like, man, a niggas gonna get this shit right at the end of the day. Like sometimes y'all be falling out for real and y'all coulda just talked about that shit. But like when my niggas is like, man, at the end of the day we gonna figure this shit out.


We gonna get back to business. 'cause like yeah, the goal Is a solution. You know, it's not saying not just to hate a nigga. It's like, Yeah. It's like man shit. Know the solution. Shit. If niggas fall out, then You know like, man, them niggas, them nigga probably get the beefing them nigga probably gonna fight next time they see each other. But if it's just something that y'all could talk about that's true or something that it's like, man, I don't wanna talk about it right now, but we can talk about it in a minute. Like, yeah, that's my man. Like, we gonna figure this shit out. All right, well there you have it. It's Earth gang, it's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up. Earth in the morning. The, Breakfast Club,


Ryan Seacrest here. When you have a busy schedule, it's important to maximize your downtime. One of the best ways to do that is by going to chumba casino.com. Chumba Casino has all your favorite social casino games like Spin slots, bingo and solitaire that you can play for free for a chance to redeem some serious prizes. So hop on to chumba casino.com now and live the chumba Life. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary V GW Group Void where prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


High Five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High Five Casino is a social casino, no purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high. The number five casino.com. High five casino.


How crispy are the new deli mix? Crispy quesadillas, let's see. I'm gonna pop one in the microwave. Yeah. Deli mix crispy quesadillas are crispy even from a microwave. I can already smell it. Heads up if you hate loud crunching, you might wanna mute. Mm, so crispy. Like barely hear myself. Think crispy. These should come with a warning. If this crispiness is making you hungry, get to your closest grocery store for deli mix Crispy quesadillas In the frozen aisle.


The AI upscaling on the new Samsung Neo QLED and OLED TVs brings old content like from the seventies, eighties, nineties, and beyond into the future. So no matter how far back your shows are from DLL look Groovy Baby and Colors. In contrast, popping day or night with Glar free OLEDs and the Neo QLED AK processors are awesome sauce. They make every detail look sweet. It's time to bring your TV watching into the future Welcome to a new era of Samsung AI tv. Discover more@samsung.com. Upscale every moment upscaling utilizes AI based algorithms. Viewing experience may vary according to types of content and format


It and business Consulting's best kept secret is no longer a secret. I like to work. I really love my job here. The problem solving aspect of our job is just, it's exactly what I would've doing with my Life. You're a person, a whole person that has interest, that has family. In addition to You, know the work that you're doing professionally. There's no way that I would be able to manage growing in my career and and raising a young family if I did not have that flexibility. As long as you're willing to do the work, anything is possible, Find your perfect role and thrive at cgi. Visit cgi.com/women.