
Hi, I'm Arturo Castro, and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse, and now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes, a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, and Joseph Gordon Levitt. I love Storytelling And I love you, so I Can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, man, what are you into? I have the hookup. The hookup, the hookup for what? I'm solving a mystery through sex. And haven't made a private dick joke until now. Poppers, why are there so many poppers? All roads lead to the Hookup. You Think it's Causing people to turn Agro. I'm gonna rip your arms off and use them to, Yeah, that's a word for it. Listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Welcome to My legacy, I'm Martin Luther King ii, and together with my wife, Andrea Waters King and our dear friends, mark and Craig Kilburg, we explore the personal journeys that shape extraordinary lives. Join us for heartfelt conversations with remarkable guests like David o Ho, Mel Robbins, Martin Sheen, Dr. Sanjay Gupta, and Billy Porter. Listen to my legacy on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This is my legacy.


Yo, what up? It's your girl, Jess. Hilarious. And I think it's time to acknowledge that I'm not just a comedian. It's time to add Uncertified therapists to my credentials. Because each and every Wednesday I'm fixing your mess on carefully Reckless on the Black Effect Podcast network. Got problems in your relationship. Come to me, your best friend, acting Shady. Come to me. Thought you was the father, but you not come to me. I can't promise I won't judge you, but I can guarantee that I will help you. Listen to Carefully Reckless on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Peace. Big D, how you morning? Good morning. You good? Good morning. What's going on? Nice to meet you. Hi, how are you? How are you Stormy? Doing, doing? Hey Kim. How you brother? You good? Nice to meet you. Keys. Got It? Yep. It's the only seat. Y'all got what you want? What you need? There's one more. A bigger chair or something. She already little. We had We had. That's what I'm talking about. Good. This is the accommodation. There you go. That's good. Perfect. Alright. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club.


Lauren Roast hanging out with us as well. We got a special guest in the building. Who we got? We Have Big Dan. Dan Demos. Welcome. Thank you. How, how Feeling? How are you big Dan? How you feeling today? I'm good. Happy to have you. Thank you. You know, when we first heard about your story, you know, there was a lot of jokes made, everybody made jokes, including us. But when I heard you was a rapper, I was like, you know, why not have her up here and have a, have a conversation? See if this could, I don't know, help something make, make the most of, make the most of the moment. Definitely. Thank you. Absolutely. Where you from? Detroit. Detroit. Tell us about, well, no, this is your question then. Go ahead. This is what This, this is what you do for people that don't know a lot of people.


Of course, you're from Detroit, you're a rapper from Detroit. So you, you're highly known in Detroit in a lot of different places. But you got publicized recently because of an incident that you had with Lyft and a Lyft driver. You ordered a Lyft and you could tell, I don't wanna go there. I just wanted to ask you who you always say for people who don't know who Big Dan is. No. But people Will have to connect the dots. Go Ahead. How long you been doing music, Dan? How long you been doing music? I've been doing music for a long time. I took it seriously in 2016. So Yeah. What got you into music? My dad did music and after he died I took, I just took it seriously. He was a rapper. 16. Yeah. And you were in Deb's house as well? I was. How was On what?


Deb's House. Deb's house That, oh, how was that? It was, It was good. You know. It was a learning experience. Yeah, it was a learning experience. It was Okay. Did it help or hurt you in any way? Like in music? Emini here I'm, I'm doing the same thing I was doing before. You know, you know, it was okay. You don't wanna say the wrong thing. You don't shit on nobody. That's cool. Moments on there. And I, so I, with you, like you, you were, you were really teary eyed and Yeah, I Was teary eye because, was she Tough? Was she tough or was it like, what was, what was that about Deb? Explain what Deb's house says. Because people, yes, Deb's house Is a show where she brings a Deb NY brings the Waka flock's mom, Rocka, Flocker's mom, you know, she's discovered some of the biggest and the best.


Nicki Minaj, a bunch of people. But she brings the rap girls on and she tries to coach them through building their careers. And then at the end, there's one that she picks that she focuses on. You didn't make it to the end, but you were on the show. Yeah. But one of the clips that I remember seeing going viral from you was when you were breaking down, you were really upset talking about that moment. It just, with the experience was like, So I just felt like I was put in a, okay, so a lot of people said I was being difficult, but I felt like I was put in a difficult situation. I was in a store, I could, that I could fit nothing, you know? So when I finally found something that I could fit, it was like, oh, that's not a boss. Take that off. You know? So I, I felt some type of way, you know?


But yeah, I just feel like I was put in a difficult situation And I was trying, I was seeing everybody able to fit things and you know, I'm getting frustrated 'cause I can't find nothing. I don't wanna make nobody mad. I wanna, you know, look good and stuff like that. So that's why I started crying. I was, I was a little frustrated. You know, you walked in and, you know, you said the chair was too small, so you had to bring the part of the sectional for you to sit in and you said something, you said, and this is what I'm talking about, accommodations, right? Yes. But we live in a world that's not always gonna be able to accommodate people that are plus us. But we should though. We should because we not all the same. You know, I feel like we should. Like why, why not? I feel like, I feel like a lot of times people think that bigger people, obese, the F word people should just be in the house when it's like we not the F word.


Yeah, the F word. I'm not that. You can't say in your house fat. You don't like, oh, I'm not saying that word. We Don't Word in my House either. I thought you talking about the gay slur. I'm like, I'm confused. No, no, no, no, no, no, No, no. But I just feel like it should be accommodated. Bigger people should be accommodated. Just like we accommodate the LGBT community, you know, all those other communities. I just feel like we, we outside, you know, if we inside is get up, why you in, why you in the house? You should be doing this. You should be doing that. When we outside it's like, why? Why you not in the house? Why here? Well, People would say who, okay, who, Who actually told you that?


Because like, that's crazy. I don't believe that, you know, f people should stay in the house. Emini here, but Emini here, that's just how, that's how it is. We go outside and people looking at us crazy like, you know, we, we getting stared at for what? Because we beg, you know, like I know a lot of times even sitting in like with like how Liz, although she's lost a lot of weight now, you know how it could be like some of the clothes that the f people wear, you know, with things hanging out and y'all, you know, try to, well wear things that the smart, I Don't the s People be Wearing. I don't live in the A world where the skinny people when the, the F people.


I don't, that's not my reality. I am a human being. I am regular just because I'm outside with my, my, like I said, I've been doing this a long time and when I said I've been doing this a long time, I've been putting on for people like me for a long time. I did a naked, excuse me, I did a naked photo shoot in 2017. Now all the big girls showing they stomach, they showing skin. You know, we, the people wasn't doing that. We had porn stars doing it, but we didn't have regular people doing it. Now they doing it. I just feel like I'm gonna wear what I wanna wear. I'm gonna be cute with it too. You know? I think a lot of, I think part of it is, is like yourself, you're speaking up about it.


A lot of bigger people don't speak up about it. Right. Mack, who's one of the producers up here was a lot bigger. He lost a lot of weight, but I didn't know all the problems that he had until he spoke about it. 'cause it's just something that you don't think about it. Like he said, he would get on a plane and it would be difficult, you know? Yeah. He, he said he would go to the gym. It would be difficult. But those are things that we just don't think about because I think people don't ever make it a thing. So the fact that this incident happened happened puts it on people's minds. So you can tell what you have to deal with because you know, these are some of the things that we don't have to deal With. Again, the plain situation, that's not my reality. Anytime I shout out to Southwest, because they accommodate bigger people, if you need two seats, they're gonna give it to you for free.


If you pay for two seats, they gonna refund you. Really? I don't have that problem. Like, And I didn't know that. Yeah. Didn't know That. That's what I'm saying. We don't Speak about it. Like, last time I went to Delta, they said Delta charge you, you might need two sea smell, but we're gonna let you get on this time. I never, no, I never have a problem with my seating when I get on a plane. Like, I never have problems. Like when I come into a room, I demand my respect And I, and I'm sweet. I'm a nice person. So I feel like people respect that. I respect you, you respect me. I never, like, it's never an issue with me. Like, the issue be when, when like the staring or the judging or, you know, stuff like that. And then a lot of people will look at me and be like, oh, she just, she eat, she do this.


She do that all the time. That's not my reality either. Like, you don't eat, I do eat, but I don't just sit down. I don't just, I'm not 600 pound life. That's not my life. Gotcha. Gotcha. You gotcha. You know, I think it's more so like coming from a health standpoint too. Dang. You feel me? Like you, have you ever had anybody that that, like one of your friends maybe, that try to get you, like help you to lose weight or, you know, or fear for your life, you know? Or like, do you want leave Your heart? Don't, yes I do. I really don't like wanna lose weight. No, I don I didn't say that. Oh, I really don't have friends. For real. I have like, okay, family and people that's been around me for a long time. Me and my cousins, we go to the gym. I got a gym at my house.


I go to the gym, you know, I got workout videos, you Know. You also have your weight specialist here with you. I heard you lost 80 pounds recently, right? Yeah, I actually, oh, Congratulations. Yeah, but people be forgetting, like, when I was little, I wasn't skinny. My brothers are skinny. My brother, I grew up with two skinny brothers. You mean like when you were younger? Yes. I was never, I was never small, you know, I was Okay. How much did you weigh when you came out? Do you Remember? When I did what? When You came out as A baby? As a rapper? No, As a baby. She was born, I don't know, but I don't know. But I had a lot of baby fat on me. Like, you see some pictures. I had baby fat, but I was really active, you know, I did plays, I did singing And I did cheering and you know, I did stuff like that.


I was just a big baby, you know. And see, I, I, I like, I like big babies. 'cause like the skinny babies, they be a little too corporate for me. Yeah. But sometimes it could be cute, but it's going to stick on them and it's going, you know, it could, it could stick on them. But You always look like a baby when you chubby though, no matter how old you Get. Yeah. My like You have a baby face. Yeah. Yeah. My parents, they, they did all they could, like my brothers was skinny. I grew up with skinny kids before my dad died. They kept me in the hospital for like a few months. And I actually did get down. I got down to almost 300 pounds after my dad died. I gained 150 pounds plus more. You was grieving depression? Yeah. I don't know what was going on. I just know I was, was taking care of my mama and my brothers And I was doing me, I was in the streets And I was just trying to make sure everything was okay.


Then one day I went to the doctor. But look though, y'all wanna know what's crazy. I got up to like 5 98 And I didn't even know it, but I was still doing stuff that I thought I could do. Like I was still trying to go to the gym, still trying to walk around and stuff like that. I realized it was a problem when I just, I couldn't do what I used to do no more. And what? And I'm breathing like okay, like put my, I could put my own shoes on or whatever, but it is, it was harder. I didn't wanna get up, but I pushed myself to get up. You know, when I started feeling like, dang, I gotta push myself to get up. I went to the doctor And I was fine. 98. I said, oh hell no. As I told my mama, I was like, ma, I'm never gonna get to 600 pounds.


When I get to st pounds, I'm gonna give up. So when I was fine 98 I said, oh no, no. And I'm sure doctors have told you like, you need to probably lose weight for health. Of Course. Yeah, yeah, of course. But the funny thing is, every time I go to the hospital And I get tests ran, it is like, there's nothing like as far as high cholesterol, you know, like the typical what people think, No cardiovascular, cardiovascular Issues, issues. Even though my, my dad died from a heart attack is brus and his family, you know, stuff like that. Blood issues run in our family, but I never, you know, but thyroid, they Giving you the wrong big day. Trying to figure it out. We gonna figure it out. Wait, 29.


29. I was Just say because I have a thyroid. Yeah, I was gonna say that. I have a friend that deals with thyroid and she also has a lot of trouble keeping weight down. Like a lot of, it's like a big thing for her. She's done multiple surgeries too and she still gains the weight back because with the thyroid. Yeah. So let me ask you a question. So you said you do wanna lose the weight. What, what are you doing to lose it? And do you mind? And the reason I asked do you mind is I'm take this to Big Mac again. Big Mac lost about what? 150 pounds? I'm not sure. He lost a lot. He lost a weight. Ly lost. Well he's not, he's not happy in his skin. No. He was happy when he was bigger. Like more excited. Well he say he not happy 'cause he got too much skin now. Like, you know how you lose weight in his skin still? No, No. You just said he feels better happy. He really wanna be bigger.


He wants to be bigger. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, he told me that. Yeah, no he did. He said he wants to be bigger. Like he, it doesn't feel like he is himself. That's What you're saying. I can't understand that because I wanna get like smaller because I wanna do more things as far as like being out of breath too fastly. 'cause I'm really active for my size. Like I like to do a lot of stuff, but I can, I saw You fall the other day on stage. Yeah, That was like 2017. That was cute. Oh, I didn't know that. It was cute. But that just popped out because Everything On it was real cute though. Cadillac man. Cut it out. Y'all, y'all cut it out. I'm trying to have a mature conversation. Lemme how have a mature conversation.


Na, listen, It was five of us I lived in Thought you too tall for that. I lived in a family with five of us. My dad was big, my mom was a little big then it was three of us. We drove a PT cruiser. We was all packed up, Up. And I swear to God swear God Itr was still, I swear to God, Bro. Okay, Cruiser. I swear didn't I'm too tall, bro. Bro, it happened. I'm trying to tell y'all it happened. So that's why you got mad at the Lyft driver? No, no. That's not why I got mad. I, I felt like I, I should have been accommodated.


That's not why I got mad. I couldn't believe that shit. And that's not the, that's not the like, like accommodate me that, like I said, that was the first time that shit happened to me because if it wasn't, I would've been comfortable. I would've called another Lyft. You know? I just couldn't believe it. Like, I was just like, damn, for real. Okay. So they need To see this. I do believe you about the pieces. Come on Grandma. Get on the mic bro. I do Believe you about the, the PT Cruiser. But how long did that car last? Last minute she got and got keys with Her. Wait it last a minute Because we had it when I was in high school and when I was about to graduate. Oh, this is a minute ago. Yeah, when I was about, I was big though.


I was like 5 32. I was always big. Yeah, I was 5 32 in high school. So Break down the incident of what happened now for, for people that don't know, they Heard the story. So I was getting ready for my cousin's watch party, the Lions game or whatever. And I ended up ordering me a Lyft. You know, it's like 15 and you want Lyft all the time. It's never Issue. Yes, I do. It was like 15 minutes away. This Yeah, the driver's here. I went downstairs as I'm walking to the car, he looking funny door getting unlocked. I'm just like, hell you ain't gonna let me in your car. I'm like, for real? So I put my camera out and it's like, why you not about to, why you not letting me in your car? Like I kind of peeped that that's what he was on because the look at me, I seen that look before, you know?


So that's how that happened. And this is the first time this ever Happened the first time. And you normally order, 'cause I, I know one of the things too, people like there was conversation like, well she should have ordered a bigger car, like the XL whatever you normally order the regular cars. Yeah. I Always order the regular cars And I feel like I don't have to order an Uber XL or a Lyft xl. I feel like I don't have to do that. Like that Same car was a Mercedes. To the mic. To the mic brother. And oh, that same car was a Mercedes. And it's the same car that her best friend has and she rides in that same exact car. Man, look. Emini here. All That's why when she saw that car, she said okay, I can fit it now. Like big people know what cars they can fit in. Do they though? Yeah. Oh Yeah. Yeah we do. I can fit any Car. Car you got can herself now.


I got a, what do I got? You got little Lincoln? Yeah, I got little pri I can fit in there. You can't fit in? No. Yes I can, I can fit in there. I she just told you that She sat in a PT Cruiser and she was five. Yes I did. I was in a PT Cruiser. Yes, I was. We we was in an escort too. I don't believe you can fit no Prius though. Yes, I can. Front or back Both. Stop playing with her. Both of 'em. I came here on A bike. Right. Big thank you. Did got no bike. Now Now you got, now The World is cruel. And I know you got those jokes and everybody was joking you, but how are you because of that?


Because you know, it it, it has to be emotional distress. It has to be problems. It had to make you hit differently or are you a skin person? Like Effort? I just feel like the thing that bothered me for real, that made me make that video is because they kept on saying I got the man fired. I never contacted them. I never did nothing. I never did none of that. I left him alone. I did what I had to do. Yeah. But when it comes to the comments and stuff like that, I've been going through this all my life, you know, it's nothing new to me. I don't feel like I need to overstimulate myself with the comments or respond for real. My favorite get back is your mama, or oh, you know, but I'm very, your mom's a good one. Yeah. What's the o But the O is like, oh you, you should this or you should have did this or that or you need to go to the gym.


I just like, oh You. But I feel like I, I feel like I got very tough skin. 'cause at the end of the end of the day, I have to be dank and The World know me as dank. They don't know me as Deja. They're getting to know Deja because I'm everywhere as Deja now. But I feel like Daja is for at home. Dan is for y'all. You know. So when I seen this, you know, and Jess was like, oh, she gonna make a video about us. I said, no, I, I wanna talk to y'all, you know, because I, y'all don't know me. You know. So You, you said something earlier. You, you know, you compared your situation to the L-G-B-T-Q and, and a lot of people would say, well L-G-B-T-Q people don't have a choice to be gay or whatever, but you have a choice to be plus size.


So they want you to make better choices. Eat right, work out, lose the weight. I feel like what You mean? I feel like I do people They bo you born gay. Born gay. I Don That's a debate right there. That is. But, but for most, you know, let's just, let's just hypothetically say they're born gay. I feel like I do. I I work on myself, you know, and when I feel like I'm getting it is getting too much, I try to fix it, you know, like at my pace, you know, but you know, you What I'm saying? Yeah. And we have waste specialists right here. But is there a waste specialist? Fix our mic. And What's your name ma'am? Stormy and Stormy.


Stormy. Stormy Anderson. Stormy Gonna get it right Dr. Stormy. Thank you. Yes. One time. You know, when you have these conversations with, with with plus size people, it always comes up that, oh well everybody that's you know, big isn't unhealthy. And


Have you ever looked into the night sky and wondered who or what was flying around up there? We've seen planes, helicopters, hot air, balloons and birds. But what if there's something else? Something much more ominous that appears under the cover of Night, silent, unseen watching. They may be right above your car late one night as you cruise down the road or look like Mysterious lights hovering above your home. Drones. Or are they, We used the word drone because it was comfortable to other people. One minute it was there and one minute it wasn't. Oh, that is beyond creepy. Do you feel like this drone was targeting you specifically? Yes, absolutely. Listen to obscure him, invasion of the drones on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, I'm Arto Castro And I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse and so many commercials about back pain. And now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians to tell 'em a buck wild tale from across history and time. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, Joseph Gordon Levit and Soy Chow Titanic. Charles Manson, Alcatraz Asada Shakur. A sketchy guy named Steve. It's giving funny true crime. I love storytelling And I love you so I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes lower. I met Santi at a lu ow party in October. I'm Santi Damien. Oh it was bizarre. The guy just disappeared one day. Santi has been missing ever since the hookup. What is that? I'm solving a mystery through sex and haven't made a private dick joke until now. Like no matter how hard I try all roads lead to the hookup. You think it's causing people to turn agro. I'm gonna rip your arms off and use them to Yeah, that's a word for it. This is such terrible representation. I'm so sorry poppers. These aren't just any poppers. Mama always used to say God gave me gumption in place of a gag reflex. No, not my psychiatrist didn't laugh at that one either. Listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Y'all What up? It's your girl Jess. Hilarious. And I think it's time to acknowledge that I'm not just a comedian, it's time to add uncertified therapists to my credentials. Because each and every Wednesday I'm fixing your mess on carefully reckless on the Black Effect podcast network. Got problems in your relationship. Come to me, your best friend acting shady. Come to me thinking about cursing that one stink auntie out at the next family gathering. Do it. But come to me before you do because I cussed all mine out before you wanna fight your coworkers. Come to me baby daddy mad 'cause you got a boyfriend come to me, thought you was the father. But you not come to me. I can't promise I won't judge you, but I can guarantee that I will help you as a daughter, a sister, a mother, and an entrepreneur. I've learned a lot in life. So I'm using my own perspective and experiences to help you fix your mess. Send me your situation and let's fix it as a family. Listen to Carefully Reckless on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


You know, some people just can't lose the weight. They're dealing with issues like, you know, she has a thyroid. What do you, talk to us about That. So I been dank provider for a little over three months, right? And she's lost 80 pounds. You your 80 pounds go look different from her 80 pounds, right? Because she started at 3 5 80. So even with her being at 500 people be like she's still not losing. But that's not the case with her thyroid. Makes it very difficult for her to lose weight. 'cause her hormones is unbalanced. So when your hormones is unbalanced and they're all over the place, it controls a lot of things and it makes it very difficult for you to lose weight but keep it off as well. So I think for her, she, she's consistent because she done lost 80 pounds, right?


Yeah. But it's hard And she's too big for surgery. I was gonna ask You, do you suggest surgery? So we're gonna try surgery after she, she has to reach at least 300. Yeah. So that's our goal. 300 get her down to 300 and then she'll do her surgery. That's What I always told Mac. I always told Mac I would get him the surgery but he had to get to a certain weight. Yes. So once he gets down, if you wanna get the surgery, you know. Yeah. Yeah. What Surgery would you suggest? Is it waist? So Either the sleeve, The sleeve, The gastric sleeve or the gastric bypass. Now Can the sleeve bust you? Sometimes you hear about the sleeve bursting. Yeah. And it's complications with those too. So that's why we are just trying to find a more safe alternative route. But we gotta get her down a little bit because you don't want all that fat around her heart. Right. And when she go into surgery now what Is she doing to lose the weight?


Like what's the procedures, you know, break it down for us. So She's on medical weight loss, she's on semaglutide. What's that? Which is sort of like ozempic but with milder side effects. So she come to our spot every week to get her injections and then she's on our weight loss supplements, which we formulated with the pharmacist to help her with her multivitamin and just keeping her every day nutrition going. Why Don't you get a man like to stress you out? You in Detroit, it's a lot of niggas out there. Get a back. I can stress you out. You want a man to cheat on us? Stress out. I'm good, I'm focused. I'm, I'm straight. I'm Good. But look, so she, does she need, I'm sorry, what's your name? Stormy.


Stormy? Yeah. Does she need, absolutely need the surgery. Emini here. I know some people they, they work, work, work to lose weight and then they, they figure since they already working out they can just keep on working out. Like she don't absolutely have to have the surgery. Right. She don't lose no, she don't have to have the surgery. I tell her when she get to that 300 go by how you look and how you feel. Yeah. 'cause that's a big jump from six hundreds or 5 82 to 300 pounds. That's a whole nother half of a person. And She may not even wanna do Surgery after a while. Exactly. What are some things she could, what are some things that anybody her size can do to, to lose weight healthily. So you wanna watch your carb intake. All your carbs turn into sugar, right?


Of course your sugar intake, you wanna increase your water. A lot of people don't drink water and a lot of people got detox issues. They gut ain't healthy. So you gotta get your gut healthy before you even try to lose weight because it's just sitting there, them toxins just sitting there. So I think that was the major three. And it's a mindset thing. If you not mentally prepared to lose weight or mentally prepared to go all in with your health and your wellness, you're not gonna do it. That's Why when you said you said Yeah, I'm her mental like, And I was like, wait, what's going on? I thought something was happening to her. Yeah. I'm like why are the nurses here? But what on the mental side of things, not just the the what she's eating and physically what she's doing. What do you guys talk through? Is she like, is there like a therapist there? Is there, yeah, you gotta get her mask together. Even like with this, this is a big transition with the lift and everything.


This can set her back. She can go into a whole depression when not she want to eat, she don't wanna come to the spot to get her injections. So for me as her provider, I need to make sure her mindset is right. Like she said, she's been going through this since she was little, but it don't make it right Now. Now does insurance cover this or do you have to come out your pocket? 'cause that's another thing that could affect people as well because if they can't afford it, It's a lot of out of pocket. A lot of, a lot of insurances won't pay for it. So they'll wait till you get the high blood pressure, the diabetes to pay for the medicine. So it's a lot of people who can't afford it. And that's what I, I'm more concerned about than anything. You know what Emini here, whenever I see people of this size, you know, people like to say I'm a fat shamer. I'm not a fat shamer. I'm just a person that wants to see people healthy. Right, right. People live.


Yeah. You know, like you think you seem like a very talented person. You got a great personality. I can feel your aura as I'm sitting here. I want you to live a long time. Not like my life is promised tomorrow. You know what Emini here. But I, I want to, I I try to do things to prolong my life as much as possible. And I'd like to see people like you do the same. That's All. Well he said he not a fast shamer you look, do you you don't believe him. He just like jokes And I, I'm here the flesh with y'all. So it's like Emini here. That's, that's that's your job. You know, one thing I Would ask you don't like fat jokes. Be honest. Ask Me if you like short jokes. I don dunno, like I don dunno, like I, well why would I like fat jokes? Some of be Funny Emini here, Emini here because I be laughing at the shit.


Some people say to Me, you At so I be funny but it don't mean that I like it. What Somebody had said to you that you laughed at? I don't know, but I don know. I just laugh at a lot of stuff sometimes, you know, I, I be like my this look what they said or go hard, but I can't, I don't know. What about if somebody say you battle rapping and they say it's a 20 V one, but it's just you and another person. I'll probably be like, what they mean? What that mean? So check out My real 21. Has a car ever pulled up and you was like, I know my big ass ain't getting in There. No. Has that ever happened? No. No. You lying. I said I'm Not Jess. I swear I don't think like that. Like I said in a, like I said in the interview, I don't have a a big person head like it is.


I don't have Y'all real, no, look, I don't have a big person mindset. I'm skinny in my head. I'm skinny. Like I said on, I would go to the, If it was four a hundred twenty five pound bad drunk bitches, he would've let they ass in. He would've fit they ass in. That's 500 right there. When I go to the gym, I feel like I'm already skinny. Like that motivates me. Like I go in a gym like this, It happens. Keys just made a damn good point. What's that? He said if it was four or five, a hundred bad a hundred pound women plus You know 125 pound bag and they get in there drunk, belligerent, he's gonna say, Hey, go get, be honest with you.


That's a good boy keys. They turn the music up for you and put their little lead lights on. When did, When did you get comfortable in your skin, right? Because you wear whatever you wanna wear, you don't care what people say. So when did you get that comfortable? I don I feel like it started when She did that naked photo shoot. No, it was before that girl. I just felt like When did you make the only fans? Was that when you were comfortable? When I make the Onlyfans, I probably made that like a couple years ago. But when I got comfortable in my skin, it started as a a kid because like when I would get ready for school and if I had on a, a big shirt on or something, I would just look crazy.


My daddy be like, you look good baby girl or you, you beautiful baby girl. I look my mama be like, girl, take that shit off. Take that off. You know. But I feel like it started at a young age because like I said, I, I used to get picked on. I used to fight all the time. So they made sure I felt good within myself. So, you know, And I really started like popping outta my shell in college. So. And you said you got Onlyfans? I do. Oh, they running it up. They running up on the only man they running. I don dunno. Y'all just gonna have to go. How much you make it on thank Them tell You how much You make the money coming in? What You making a month? Allegedly.


Hey. She said s stay out my pocket. What Did you used to shop at when you was younger? Lane Bryant Or No, I never, I don't shop at big people places. Like, I don't, she Just Say she's skinny though. She shop in my head Though. We're making some adjustments, you know, And I Got okay, Okay. I got me a little sewing machine, you know. So you, you make a lot of your Yeah, I like to do that. Do you get mad at the clothing stores? No, I don't. Okay. Because if I feel like I'm, I I buy clothes that I wanna wear when I get smaller, like I got clothes with tags on it, you know that, that's my motivation, you know? That's right. Yeah. Has this this situation helped or hurt your, your music career?


Because I, I I don't want you to become a novelty big dude. I feel like I am going wherever God takes me. I feel like if this was his plan, it's, it was his plan. I'm a, I manifest everything. I didn't know that it would, I would have to go through what I'm going through right now to be where I'm at. But it helps, it helped my streaming a lot of people is negative, but I don't whatever people gonna be negative, you know, but, And that's whether you were skinny? Yeah. Medium Or they gonna talk about me when I get small too. But it's cool. I'm So You want to get small? That is the goal. Yeah, But I don't wanna get too small. I'm short, so No, please. Yeah, please don't get Too small.


Yeah, I'm like five feet. So even if I was to lose like another a hundred pounds, I'ma still be big. You're still taller than Charlamagne though. So it's, I'm five six. You do five six. Freaking Liar. But I don I I just wanna be Told me, said you're five six in your mind. Five six. Comfortable. Five six. Are you worried that people will only identify big Dan from her physical appearance and won't ever really take your music serious? No, because I make good music. I make beautiful music. I sing, I rap, I write for people. Probably some people y'all heard, but I saw a ghost writer in your bio on your Instagram. Yeah, I write. Oh, for sure People y'all heard. I, I feel like I I am a great artist so I don't, you know, but even when I get smaller, I'm still gonna be big Dan Emini here.


You right. Nobody should have to deal with what you had to deal with. I I do feel, I do have empathy for both you and the Lyft driver though. But Keys brought up a good point. If it was for 550 pound people, he probably would've found a way. So that does make me look at things a little bit different. But I, I can understand why he would feel that way when he pulled up. He just didn't know. I don't think he meant any harm by it. Like he didn't, and he, I don't feel, I don't feel like he was disrespectful. Did you feel like he was disrespectful? I just felt like it was no effort. I don't feel Emini here. I feel like it was just no effort. I just really couldn't believe that that that had happened. He was saying that, you know, That he refused to, You know. Yeah, I don't Drive you around.


I don't fault him, but I do fault the company because it's like, this is what y'all allowing. Because when I did share my story with The World, with The World, a lot of people came to me and said they did that to them too. Even Lyft drivers reached out to me like, we not supposed to do that. I would've never did that to you. You know? You know. So you think if it was black he would've did that? Because I think if it was black people, it would've had a more of an understanding That area. I feel like when it comes With, in that, in that area, they're like that. Well just notorious fat. No Have Family members that are bigger. So you understand more, You know what Emini here and For the record, they never, Lyft Never issued a statement saying he was fired or they're not contracting with him anymore.


Did Lyft Apologize? Did did they reach out to apologize? He still bro Tried. They tried to, but it's like So they did try to contact you directly? Yeah. And you didn't wanna take the call? Why not? Because I don't, I don't want to, you know, And I, And I feel like y'all need to make change to y'all app. You know, I don I don't wanna Talk. What do you want them to change? I want them at least to like, accommodate us. You know, I, I feel like we shouldn't have to pay more for Uber, Excel or something like that. And I also feel like they need to be checking they workers' cars to make sure, you know, they, nothing wrong with the tires, it's not squeaking or anything like that. I just feel like it should be like, are you over this weight or you know, and they'll see with a car, you know?


'cause we wouldn't have to go through that. Like in the app before you order the car show all does have, because a lot of people, They only show they face. They don wanna wanna show they whole body. Right. But You feel comfortable though. If, if they say, well what's your weight? Because they do, like, if you really think about it, if you order a, a Lyft or Uber, they'll say, do you need a baby seat? They say, do you, do you need, do you, you know, have an animal. If you put how much you weigh now, How much are four? How much Minus that 80 minus that 8 4, 89. So if you put 4 89 and then it's just deny, deny, deny. Like would you be upset? I feel like yeah, I would because what? Like You gotta live too. She has to good places. Why would that? Yeah, why would you deny me? You know, you asked me how much I weigh, you know, so that means you should have something for me, you know?


But I just feel like I could fit in any car. And I know I can because any car that I, I need, I think I know you keep saying that. I can, where's your car? You said you're not fat minded, but that's not realistic. Yeah. I'm, I'm gonna hop in there. I'm gonna hop in there. I you not about to hop? No, I'm hopping. I'm hopping. I'm skipping. I ain't running but I do. I hop my prayers to the front right now. You can not get in there. Come on. Where is it? Huh? You Got a prayer? Yeah, I got a little pri. Yeah, he definitely did. I hop there, hop in there. Look, lemme ask you a question. You said that the word, the f word, the fat is a slur. Yes. How do you feel bad Growing up? 'cause I was the only bigger person, bigger child in my household. We couldn't say that.


So how do you feel about the term big backs? I just feel like, well it's, it's, it's cute. You know, I, we do have a, I do have a big back sound Like a team big. I can't control stepdad. He the problem. That's your stepdad? Yeah. So he, I can't control. So he the one making all the jokes around the house. Kind of. See what I'm saying? Emini here. He got back, He spitfire y'all. Did you, did you try to, after this happened with you, with Liv, did you try to, I guess for like the lawsuit or proven purposes, I don't know if this is a thing that y'all would do, like order the same car but via like Uber or something and see if they would treat you differently.


Like No, it's 'cause it's not a game to me. I'm not trying to figure, I'm not trying to say like play around with it. Yeah, this really happened to me. Like it's not a joke to me. It might be a joke to everybody. Everybody might, oh, she did this for clout. She did da da. Like I said, I've been the clout. I am the clout. I've been doing this for a long time. You know, it's not a game. It's not a joke to me. Like I really feel like it should be changed. And you didn't even report the guy? Yeah, I didn't do that. That no, I didn't report him. I didn't talk to didn't at all. I didn't do none of that. Y'all like, that's why he, I just said they never issue the statement saying he was tired. And it's funny because still rot before I posted, when I posted it, everybody's like, yo, oh you need to, you need to do this. You, you need to do that. Lawyers, lawyers, lawyers, lawyers. But when I got a lawyer, it's like, oh, you're wrong.


You know? So it's like, yeah, you should have saw everybody. Whatever. I'm not listening to you no More internet. Yeah, that's the internet. And I've been dealing with the internet for a long time. That's why I can, I can be daja And I can be Dan. Mm. So you, so just so you, for people know, you're not suing the individual, you're suing a corporate company. Yes. For discrimination of What they Weight Discrimination on Weight Discrimination. She claims, I'm looking at it now. Claims because of the refusal she suffered. Stress, humiliation, embarrassment, outrage, mental anguish, fear and mortification. Emotional damages, economic damages, non-economic damages. What is that? That's the lawyer, That's the attorney. Okay. Attorney fees and costs. And they left it open for other damages to be discovered.


You're suing Lyft and John Doe the Lyft driver. And you're going from your house to a party at your cousin's house. Okay. And it says under law, refusing someone transportation due to their weight is no different than racial or religious discrimination according to her attorneys. True. John Doe is listed on the lawsuit though. But you're saying you don't wanna sue the Lyft driver. We gonna leave that up to the attorney. Yeah, because I, Yeah, I ain't never mad at nobody suing a corporate. Heard you, you know, to get a check. You know, It's not about a check. So What is it like? It is, I won't change. I keep, I keep telling that like, but You about to get skinny on these holes. When I When I get skinny, I'm still gonna be the same person.


You know? And then it's like, I don't even wanna, I don't wanna get skinny. I just wanna get comfortable. I wanna get to a place to where it's like, you know, I got nephews, I don like, I take them to the park. It's like they running off. It's like, damn bro. Like slow down doing that. Yeah. Like I'm tired. Tee tee's tired. Baby TT is tired. Like you can't do that. 'cause one thing about it, skinny don't always mean healthy either. That's, That's true. Yeah. I get, listen, I, I get it. I, I I totally understand And I Emini here. I do want the best for you in, in this situation. And, And I think it's dope that you are actively trying to, to lose weight. 'cause I think a lot of times what people do is they try to act like, you know, being plus size is, is is okay.


And I'm not saying it's not okay, but you know, that you can do better is what I'm trying To say. And that's, that's the thing. Like I'm not advertising, staying obese, staying big, staying up BBW I'm not advertising that. What I'm advertising is being comfortable in your skin while doing what you gotta do to get where you wanna be. I'm not, yes, beef. I was about to say that. F word. Yes. Be big, Be back. Yes, please Wait, let's do it. Good job. That's not what I'm doing. What I'm saying is, yay, do do what you gotta do, but still be comfortable within your skin. Because if I'm not comfortable, I can't focus on the goal. That's right. You know, I can't focus on the goal if I'm not comfortable within my body.


Like so How many Do you say the F word in your songs? No. No. No. Okay. No Emini Here. Do you Talk a lot of shit in them songs though? I, I like your, I love your freestyles. I'll be listening. Thank now, now that I know who you are, I've been on a deep dive of everything. When you do like the little, you know how you do a little setup freestyle. You Really good. You heard her sing? Thank you. Thank you. I haven't Heard her ing when she said sing, I was like, oh, Free use this opportunity. I want see your dms. You know what, first of all, I want to see your dms because I know a lot of dudes be talking shit. But they be in your dms. Yeah. Trying to holler. Yeah, they be trying to get up. What's 11? Trying to holler Big mama. I can't say that Don. Then you gotta spit something. You going spit like four or Five. You got good credit.


Six, five. You credit what? Credit. What's your credit? I'm just asking. Do you have good credit? I Don't know. Oh, okay. You wanna spit something now? To stop? What? I don wanna spit. Hold on. Lemme see. Can y'all not hear me? Something? Okay, I gotta something. Okay. And you gonna sing too, right? No, I ain't gonna sing. Okay. When my daddy died, I got straight to it. Told myself mama and my brothers ain't gotta do it. Yeah. Made time, started wasting time and started fucking up in school. 'cause money ruined my mind. Now I got a lifestyle. Damn. What I say now I got a lifestyle. My shit. Hold on Up. I'm fucking up my shit. My bitches.


That's All I got. I'm a little nervous. We gonna play a song. Tell us what song you want us to play it in. It got, I got cussing Y'all. We can clean it up. So what? There's a radio, we can clean it. That's the name of the song. So what you got? So what clean Version? How do I wanna play? So, okay, we could do, so what, what song you just singing? Let's do just talking. Just Talking. Is that your, is that the latest one Kind? That's what you, Which one you want them to run it up on? Like Yes. Y'all could do just talking. Just talking. Just talking. All right. And tell 'em where to find you and all of that good stuff. Thank the mos on all social media platforms. D-A-N-K-D-E-M-O-S-S. And we rooting for you Dank. Like we want to keep up with your progress. We wanna keep up with Dr. Stormy, you know, keep up with keys. Like we really wanna see the progress, not just you.


You know what I wanna see, I wanna see your weight going down and your career going up. There you go. That's what I wanna see. She back, that's what I wanna see. Come back and she be smaller and bigger at the same time. For Sure. S right. That's right. Well Dan, we appreciate you for joining us. When they walked in, they didn't know what to expect. She was like, she was like, I, I don wanna hug his head And I wouldn't do that. My name is just with the mess. And my news is real Baby, We appreciate you for joining. Thank like with us so we know how everything is going. It's Dave Demo Moss. It's The Breakfast Club with Updo. Wake that ass up in the morning, The Breakfast Club.


Hi, I'm Art Castro And I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse and now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, and Joseph Gordon Levitt. I love Storytelling And I love you, so I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey man, what are you into? I have the hookup. The hookup. The hookup for what? I'm solving a mystery through sex. And haven't made a private dick joke until now. Poppers, why are there so many poppers? All roads lead to the hookup. You think it's causing people to turn agro? I'm gonna rip your arms Off and use them to, yeah, that's a word for it. Listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Welcome to my legacy, I'm Martin Luther King ii, and together with my wife, Andrea Waters King and our dear friends, mark and Craig Kilburg, we explore the personal journeys that shape extraordinary lives. Join us for heartfelt conversations with remarkable guests like David Yeoh, Mel Robbins, Martin Sheen, Dr. Sanjay Gupta, and Billy Porter. Listen to my legacy on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This is my legacy.


Yo, what up? It's your girl, Jess. Hilarious. And I think it's time to acknowledge that I'm not just a comedian. It's time to add uncertified therapists to my credentials because each and every Wednesday I'm fixing your mess on Carefully Reckless on the Black Effect Podcast network got problems in your relationship. Come to me, your best friend acting Shady. Come to me. Thought you was the father, but you not come to me. I can't promise I won't judge you, but I can guarantee that I will help you. Listen to Carefully Reckless On the Black Effect Podcast. Network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.