
Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing misogyny seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola Limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


I wanna take a moment to give a shout out to our sponsor. Stand up to All Hate. This one is important to me because you know, we joke, we debate, we go at each other but hate. That's not it. If you see it, stand up to it because there's no reason to hate. Use. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools in this fight. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate, speak up and call it out. You can learn more by following at What's Up With Hate on Instagram and TikTok.


Check Out Pluto TV's The Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent, both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norbit and paid in full binge series like Tyler Perry's Sisters In Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet or phone. All for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv. Scream Now Pay Neville.


Wake that ass up early in the Morning. The Breakfast Club. Yep. It's The World most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club Charlamagne. The God DJ Envying Jessa out. But Lauren LaRose is here and we got the legendary, the iconic Bill Bellamy is in the building. I love it. I love it. I love The Breakfast Club. We here. Bill, you are aging amazingly. Thank my Brother. Thank you man. You know I'm only 73 and ain't nothing but coconut water. Lauren. You know, you get coconut water, get cup of strawberries, blueberries, and a little bit of shake butter. You look just like this. But you Played or you just turned 60 a couple weeks ago. Yeah. Yeah. That is an amazing 60 my brother. Thank you man. But, but I don't know what 60 supposed to look like 'cause I'm comparing it to what we grew up on. No, no, no, no, no.


We didn't knew. We didn't knew. Yeah, that's right. We didn't knew because you know, back in the day if you told somebody who was 60 years old, they'd be like, man, I just got me some pancakes from ihop, you know, for free. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, now you know, we moving grooving, we work out. That's right. You taking care of yourself. That's right. You know what I'm saying? We, we know what we eating. That's right. That's right. You know what, Emini here, you watch your diet and you know, if you blessed to have good health, you you, you'll look Good. Do you take advantage of that kind of stuff though? Like the free pancakes from IHOP and all of that? Man, I haven't really leaned into the senior citizen thing, but I really think I need to get like some of them little benefits and stuff. They, I don got the A RP card. Yeah, You do. Or you don't? I don't have one You think I should pull up? Yeah. I feel like that's the rite of passage. That's The Right, right. You late on it.


But I just don't want to be UNC everywhere, like, you know what I'm saying? I'm getting UNC now. I'm getting og. OG is kind of cool. Yeah, but unc, like on the basketball court be making me feel like I can't play no more. Yo unc you want the ball? I'm like, yeah, They not helping you up off the ground calling you unc that, you know what I'm saying? No. Nah. But it's, it is a tricky thing. OG is cool, unc just in certain cases, and I'll be honest with you, I was in a club, where was I recently? And I felt like Unc like, you need to go home. Yeah. Like you like yeah. You know, this music loud. What song with it? What wrong? Not just music loud because, because some of the music, I just don't know. I feel like I just missed it. Like, like I love Glo Rilla, but she got this joint that's so fire, but all the girls know the words And I ain't know nothing.


I, that's when I felt like I gotta go home. Was it FNF? What is it? How does it go? Tell me. She got so much since FNF. Yeah, it was independent. Is it with Sexy Red too? Yes. Okay. It's the Independent. Oh, the one that The MCI song. Yes. Every girl in there from 25 to 35 was going crazy. And I'm at the bar like, man, I gotta go home man. Y'all ain't playing no Naughty by nature. Y'all. Y'all dunno Tre you know. Well that's funny when you say that because like when you, when you get to a certain age, when you think about everybody who didn't make it from our culture. Correct. Does that make you appreciate it more, Yo man, honestly yes.


Yes. That's a very, very good thing you said. Because you know what, to have a long career is a blessing. You don't know. And then we lost so many people that came up with us. Charlemagne, you've been my boy forever. Like, we came up like at around the same time. Like we went to the same school kind of thing. You know what Emini here, we seen, you know, from the little Kim days to, you know, let's say Boys to Men, the 90, early nineties. I, I remember when Busta Rhymes and first got on with Leaders of the New School. I remember like the Def Jam offices, like the Source magazine, like all that energy of the nineties. I remember when Q-Tip went solo. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like ladies man of, of rap.


Like, like there's so many moments of hip hop that we experience and to think now I'm like man, that's such a great time for us to be able to experience it. Emini here. I remember interviewing Michael Jackson, like how many people did they just think about that? How many people interviewed Prince Jackson? God damn. Like they not even, like if you would've told me 20 years ago Michael Jackson would not be alive. Like that doesn't make sense. Like I always thought like them dudes would live forever like Prince. Like he was so damn cool. Michael was so damn cool. Whitney jersey girl. Like I have all these wonderful memories of these people. A left eye, you know? Damn. Like we did all this stuff with MTV when people were just coming up, people getting on, people getting accepted.


They starting to go platinum. See you young. You don't even know if it's young. I know it go platinum. You know, platinum. Okay, cool. I gotta make sure, I gotta make sure. But like, like I remember when Usher went Diamond. I remember when the Fujis went Diamond, like Diamond was like way out there. Like you told somebody you went Diamond. They like what? And that was real albums. I'm talking about, I was About to say, I think it's just different for y'all 'cause people had to go and get the, the, you know what, Emini here? Yeah. Like right now we're streaming. So it's like, okay cool. That's people listening. It's different when all these people going to the store. Nobody is going to the record store. Like me and Charlamagne. Me and Charlamagne knew, remember Ty Records here in New York? We remember when the was the album released, people was lined up to get your album.


Remember I remember taking the plastic off ette. Remember when you remember when you couldn't get the plastic, you needed a a razor word? You had to take a key to get the damn album out. And then you read, then you, did you ever get a thank you? Did you ever like No, I wasn't around. I, I I'm, I'm 46, so Well no I did, I started getting thank yous later on. Like, but that was my like early two thousands. Like when you would get the album, you'd be like, yo, I wanna shout out, thank you Charlamagne, my man Charlamagne for your support on my album or whatever. And then I would read all the producers and stuff like that. Those days are over. You don't even get artwork. What? Thank you. Did you get Artwork? No, we don't Get, you don't get no art. You just get a song. Rock got a new song. Yeah, it's like a special thing. If they release like artwork and images and normally it's like merch and like something swaggy.


So You gotta buy a t-shirt to get artwork now. Yeah. Unless so people do, I don't even know what You talking about. I don say t-shirts and stuff he talking about in the album. I know what he's talking about. Oh, okay. I I'm not that old Emini here that young like yes you are. I had the Destiny Child writings on the wall. So Blessing two side album. I had Michael Jackson thrill. Did You ever go to a drive-in theater? No. See I did. But it was like a cool vintage experience that like we, we vlog like it was, you Did not have Michael Jackson thriller. Why would you tell that lie? About what year was you born? 1991. My mom had it in my house. The thrill. Oh, she had it in the house. Okay. Which Destiny Child. I remember going and buying that album and, and like you had it opened up like this, like, and it had all the writings on the wall. Oh, okay. See then go ahead girl.


Your writer passes. Oh my God. You young old Now. You young, you bought a lot of this in top billing. But just talk to the people. What, what was interviewing Michael? Like, somebody literally asked me that this weekend. You haven't talked, you ever interviewed Michael? I'm like, nah. Michael interviewing Michael Jackson was like talking to, you know, a prince, a a a king of some sort of some royalty because way he moved. You know what I'm saying? Mm. Like he was, to me the epitome of being a rockstar superstar. He had like, if he was in here right now, it'd be 30 people in here. 30 people that you don't know what they do, but they look like they killed, they do something. People three, four publicists. You got the record label people, you got his personal people and, and then everything is just like, oh my God.


Like you don't wanna make a mistake. And he comes in, everything's set up the lighting. You just like, I like, I'd be sitting there like just, well we gonna do this. And his people will be like, no, Michael's gonna do three, five, and nine. Thank you. That's how they Used to be. I'm like, and he had his own lighting person. Like, you ever heard of a person having a cinematographer for an interview? Now Mariah Care did that though. Rod Care came in the studio, had people turned down. The only people I know and had them, had her team set up lights. And I was like, Daniel Pearl. And I said, Mariah, they only gonna be able to see you. And she was like, that's the point darling. That's the whole point darling. Yo, how early did the lighting people get there before Michael got there? Two hours.


Ooh, that same thing that he said is true. 'cause I, I interviewed Mariah Carey in Hawaii and Jermaine was there too. And I was like, jd, where's Mariah? He was like, yo man, Mariah be down in about three hours. We waiting on her man to get here, dp. I didn't know what that was at the time. So I was like, DP who say that's Daniel Pearl. He'll be here. He like all of Mariah's stuff, right? This dude comes, he got like 10 people. They like, they doing a little thing. Turn that down to 30%, put that up to ten five p It looks like heaven, heaven heaven. Everybody Heaven bring Mariah out. 'cause his lighting was heaven. Wow. Swear to God. I was sitting out there black.


I got so black. I was sitting out there waiting just like, man, she'll be here in another hour. They didn't even get me no water. This back in the day. MTV stuff. What happened to that era, man? Like can you even build a superstar like that anymore? Yeah, I guess on TikTok, I, I learned a lot of great artists on TikTok. I just, just come up in my feed. 'cause you know, when I came up back in the day, we knew who was dropping. We knew that the new Beyonce album was dropping. We knew Jay was dropping something. We knew that, you know, red Man and Meth was doing something. Now I get a TikTok video that's a challenge or something. I click on that and then I find the artist and I'm like, yo.


And I lock it in. That's how I've been doing it lately. Damn. But can those people become those superstar global icons we're talking about? Because I feel like there's a level global, because I feel like there's a level of, what's the word that's tough. There's a level of curation that's not happening anymore. Well, you know what, we, we missed a few steps. Yes. You know what I'm saying? Like, I'll give you a perfect example. Leon Thomas, love, love, love Leon Thomas. Right? I got Windell Leon Thomas by Mistake. Mutt was on Instagram and it was doing, somebody was doing a, a was singing his song, trying to do like a version of it, like a cover. I said, damn, this shit's kind of dope. I go click on that. Then I click to him and I'm like, oh.


Then there's a Chris Brown remix. I had to click to that. Now I, I download all that on Spotify. That's how I'm finding artists. It's like, what the fuck? You know what I'm saying? It is like, damn, they don't promote the artist like they used to Coco Jones right now on Fire Label. Won't even send her music to the radio, can You? I'm sure you said that. I was like, what? Why would they do that? I have no idea. They did it to us and Angie Martinez. It's like, What are you doing? It's like nobody gets their press kit sent out no more. Where they really show you what the, what the, the project is, how they gonna promote it and what the, how much money they putting behind the artist. Like Coco Jones is fired. Fired. She's in a pocket right now to me. And you know, I love her music.


I like Gion. Do do everybody know? I do. I think he's dope as hell. I'm trying to think of somebody else that I just was like, oh, snap Snow Allegra. Oh golly. What? Snow is bananas? Is there like a big, big, I had Danny Lee on my, on my podcast. She's dope too. Then all of a sudden I don't even hear nothing. It's like, yo, she was rolling. Rolling Maida. Is it Maida or Maa? Maa. Maida Maida. Am I saying it the right way? Maida. Maida Maida is dope. She's new artist. She was on my podcast. Super dope.


I'll give you one more guy. Tone stiff. Do you know him? He, you don't know who Tone stiff and you young, you better Google it. That sound like A big joke. I thought you say tone stiff dick in your mouth. I'm like what? No, no, no, no, no, no. It is, it is a, it is a real artist. But more importantly, you know what I'm saying? Like as much as I love music, I'm trying to incorporate that vibe to my, to my my new tour. Top billing. Top billing. Because it's like, I feel like it's gonna bring people away, bring people together in a way that they're gonna be very, very nostalgic. 'cause I feel like, you know, what we're talking about is it exists in people. They just don't have anybody to bring it together. And that's what I wanna be, I wanna be like that the beacon alike to bring music comedy in a moment of, of hip hop that is just incredible to the people.


That's what I really wanted it to feel like when you leave, you like, damn man, I got way more than I thought. You know what Emini here. And I feel like that's really possible. Now we got social media, you can shot shout out clips to people, they can see a little bit of your show, see what's going on. Like, yo, I'm going to see that stuff whenever I play anything with Mary. Ugh, they, Mary, Mary just, she just does it for the ladies. For everybody. Oh Mary something else. But I don't know, the other day I seen her with them boots on her look like her ankles was hurting. Was that me? That's all You be seeing her on stage. She be looking like she ready, she like, she looked like she be tired. Yeah. Yeah. And I love Mary Mary, I came up with Mary, I love me some Mary. Boom boom boom.


Yo, I just love this part right here. Boom, boom, boom. She got the little bump to it. Just like that one hip hurt. Shout out to man. No, you married Now. You haven't done a special since 2022. Right? So it's top billing working towards that. Yeah. Okay. So I think right now I have an hour of comedy that is crazy funny. Like I think nobody's talking about what I'm talking about right now. Hmm. It's very relevant. Emini here. It's so much stuff going on right now from Diddy to Shannon Sharp to Shado.


Like, there's so many elements in the culture that everybody's thinking about. Like, oh my god. And I want to capture this moment because it's, it's right now. So I'm really trying to tape soon so that everything that I'm talking about will be indicative of this moment in, in the culture. Did Okay. I was gonna say, how are you, 'cause I know you, you got the podcast, but like you obviously you're so aware of everything because of your background and like interviews and stuff. How do you bring the podcast to the stage? Like are you shooting the podcast while you're in different cities Or? Well, I usually shoot the, I usually shoot the podcast in the studio. I'm going to try to do the podcast live too. 'cause I think it would be kind of nice to be able to have the energy of the people there too.


And then they could, you know, ask people questions during my interviews and then we could have like some interaction and shoot it that way. I think that could bring, bring some different energy in season two. I just think it's interesting 'cause there's a lot of people who try to intertwine all of that, but like, they're not really as up to date in like current as you are. Like you just rattled off. I'm just sitting here listening. You just rattled off so much And I'm like, oh, he's on the headlines. Oh yeah, I have Tocause your background. You know what? You, you know what Emini here? Well You have to be a student of the game as well. Like for me, I have to read all the time. So like at night when in house is quiet, I'm reading every publication, I'm, I'm listening to music. I, I have to stay in the culture because it's like, there's stuff that's, it's a language.


The culture is a language. Right? Right. And so if you get outside the language and then you try to come back, you gonna sound dated, you gonna sound like, oh, they don't even talk like that no more. Whatever. You know what, Emini here. So for me, it's very important for me to stay very, very relevant and conscious of what's popping. You know, I watch you, I watch you now. I watch jazz, I watch the new comedians. I watch, you know, the news and seeing like, oh shoot, I watched the, the headlines that's popping off on social media. Like, oh, everybody's talking about this. What's, what's the deal? You know what I'm saying? Get in the trenches with it. Oh wow. This is a good angle. So what I do with comedies, I'll take like something that's that's a real subject matter and flip it. You know what, Emini here and now you, you laughing but you like, oh my God, that's crazy.


What made him say that? 'cause you gotta know it. So how do you flip something like the Shannon Sharpe situation? You just, well first of all, Shannon Sharpe did not see how to be a player at all. Okay. So let's just, just let's get that out. He must have missed the VHS and the DVD release and he 56. So he don't got no excuses. He, yo he 56 years old. He should have seen it coming. It was right on. What's that sound? Your ass is coming. It's coming. What's that? Man? Skip should have known not not Skip Shannon Sharp should have known when, when that first tape leaked that we got slow down. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's a little bit, it's a little bit too much. Yeah, baby. With talk to it.


Are you Talking about the Instagram live Instagram library? Yeah. I didn't even know I was live. Tell me baby, listen now, now if you are going live and you don't know what, you too old. Yeah. If you don't, if you don't even know how you, You don't even know how You know how to get online. We live. Of course. Okay. I'm And you Gotta click, click to do it. Yes. So he wanted to be live. They they talk to me Baby Choke, choke daddy. What it did Dope daddy what it did. Right. He full throttle got caught on that one. Everything should have been shut down. Yes. Went to some type of class. You can't talk nasty no more. You can't talk nasty. Shannon, calm down. Get you a nice, nice solid woman off to the corner that I, and just lay low for a minute till let's go.


What is it? Not even eight, nine months later. I don't even think that hasn't been that long. It's not even that He backing them streets. Damn. You mess up the bag. I'm telling you right now. White girls can't even say nothing to me. I was at the dog party. This wife said, oh, nice dog. I took my dog and ran. I wasn't Even trying to, I'm not, I'm like, Jonathan makes Conclusion. What what about the age difference? Because he was 54 when he met us. She was 19. Ah, Thank God. Thank God she was 19. It's too far. See I got a young daughter so I can't even process. How Old is Your daughter? My daughter's 21. So I'm think I'm thinking that that's, you see what I'm saying?


I'm thinking like my daughter, I'm me and Shannon in the alley wake scrapping And I can't wear that. You, but you know what I'm saying? These cats, I don't know. Athletes are different. I just be honest. I think it's a, it's a difference with these type of guys. Like they, they get, they get attracted to certain things that are different. Like, like why do, like most football players like strip clubs. I don't know. They just like that Emini here, when I did any given Sunday, that's where we was. We was in strip club. Come on dog. Let go see the girl man. Real talk man. Blow off some steam, drink a little bit. Get back to the, to the, you know, to the hotel. You Saw one this weekend in the strip club. Two Football players love strip clubs for whatever. Is It because of their, like their, their industry takes so much like aggress aggression and like, ugh.


So they like, I Don't know what it is man. I just think that it's a fantasy. You know what Emini here And I think once the fantasy is sort of sparked, like that's the kind of women they're attracted to. Like, I don't know why, you know, Shannon Sharpe would have to get a girl from OnlyFans Emini here. That seemed real thirsty. That's crazy. Yeah. Yeah. That's crazy. Like you couldn't just get a, a regular fan. You gotta Get a only fan. For real. That mean you a subscriber. Like you subscribing you rich. Like somebody who came me the Show with the extra tokens Turn around baby. Let me See it.


Like, yo, yo, what are you doing? Like come on man. It is like you, here's the thing. When you with Mickey Mouse. Mickey Mouse, that's Disney. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You gotta keep it clean. Know You can't be nasty baby. You can't. No, no, no, no, no. Uncles uncle UNC can't do that now. But You said something that's important. What's that? Like you said, after the first situation, you gotta slow down. But you said he should have went to like some type of class something. That development isn't there no more for nobody. It's not there. Musical artist is not there for personalities. Like, you got people that literally go in their living room and becoming like these phenomenons overnight 'cause of podcast and YouTube and, but Shannon Sharpe has been famous, famous for famous A while, but he comes from that caught Time of like, y'all should different Level of fame.


This this is like, he was always dope, you know, football player, always hall of fame, da da da. But this is a wave. Like he got like, boom, you know, Kat Williams gave him that boom. You know, it is, it is like, then you get on on you leave Skip, boom, come to SPN, that's like, that's a rocking wave. Right. So, you know, you rolling, you know the light on. You gotta kind of be careful. He needed an auntie man. See this is what's lost in the culture. Old school. Black auntie, a auntie be like, Shannon, you can't do that. Baby Uhuh. Now you done got too nasty. Monique Tried to tell him. Yeah. Monique tried to tell. Yeah, Yeah. Mo yeah, Mo Mo was trying to help her, but you know, he, he, he like what?


He like what you gonna do now? Can you wear it? See what I'm saying? Can you wear it now? So what do we do from here? Like how do you, how do you, how do you Olivia Pope that, what would you do? Like what do you do? Emini here. Emini here. He ain't kill nobody. You know what I'm saying? He just nasty. Ain't not, it ain't a crime. He just n you two N No. There's other stories. More stuff. Well It's, it's stuff that has been documented before, prior, like, like actual legal things. Oh yeah, yeah, Yeah. See I don't know. See Charlamagne you be in the trench? No, That's the Lauren Emini here. Listen, You know all the, you know the good like, it's a lot more to it than this Emini Here.


It's out. There's the Choking and the D And the BDSM there, it's out. There's other, there's a woman who just came out recently and dropped a defamation lawsuit talking about sexual assault. Okay. So B and he's Walked away from networks before. Yeah. So this beat And all this is BDSM is like, is that's the bondage stuff? Is that what we talking about? You 60 years old? You know, vi I know. I'm just saying. Okay. You been around so, so, so Emini here. You know, I, I don like, you dunno, That's the about Thing to do Bill. I Act like you dunno. Yes. No, I'm just saying like that, that that is a, that's lane. So Emini here, that's Elaine. Let's be honest. That's Elaine. What you said He could come back With fun media And I, I'm Just say he might have to come out with some T-shirts. He's not, I Got the funk.


I don dunno. I dunno. When You in that Lane, that's a tricky lane. That's like driving your car a hundred miles an hour with no seatbelt shit going happen. You dig? Like, that's a tricky lane because it is edgy. That's what I think is the pull for people. It is so edgy. But it can always go left. 'cause where's the line? Yeah, where's the line? You whiling? Where's the line where we could come back? Or like say, this is the thing that's tricky. You could be all good on Saturday. We go back to do it again Sunday. And you might not be on that right now. So now it's, it's a bad deal. I think at this point at Shannon Sharp's age, he should just, he's too old. He needs to sit still with a person like marriage something.


I think He should do a Turkey drive. What? Turkey drives always fix Stuff. No, that is the playbook. You around turkeys. Turkeys make people feel good. Man. He giving out turkeys. What? He ain't do it. You ever know? Oh my god. You Notice when somebody do something, they always do Turkey. And then they sent me the photos exclusively. Yes, I know You. Oh my god. You seen them like, hey, you gimme A bunch of turkeys. It gotta to be summertime though. You Have no, you gotta give out turkeys. Shannon. That's the trick.


Where's my camera? Right here. Look Shannon, Man, do a Turkey drive. Just give out turkeys randomly all over the country. Head baby, you going a little Turkey for uncle? Get going Little Turkey. By the time they get that 30 Turkey, this will be over. Oh man. And they gotta be butter ball. Well listen, now you grew up in that era of, oh my God, that's so funny. Go ahead of the nineties went bad, boy. He Got his fan. He start laughing. He be going through menopause. He got menopause. Okay, go ahead Charlie. Man, when you look at the Diddy situation, oh, did you ever think the culture of hip hop would catch up with people the way that it did? Because a lot of this is lifestyle.


Ah, well, well, well, well, I I'll be honest with you man. The Diddy situation is just, it's a, it is going, it is going to hurt us. It's gonna hurt us all no matter what, how it comes out. But it's gonna hurt the culture because to me why I say that is because what he's done for the culture before, all of this is phenomenal. Like it never happened before. You know what I'm saying? So when I think about his career from where he started at uptown intern doing parties. I feel like, you know, I was coming up on MTV when Bad Boy got like, I remember Puff literally giving out flyers, like literally bad boy t-shirt on the shoulder.


He out there with the street team. This is when he label was about to pop off cool. To cut to becoming, you know, a mogul. And you know, a guy that's a incredible influencer in the hip hop.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousins latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the, the relaxing massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like your at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Have you ever looked around at your crew and thought, man, these are my people. The ones who turn the smallest moments into memories you'll be talking about for years. The folks who show up when you need them and make your life so much better. Well, you can make those moments even sweeter because share a Coke is back. And this time it's all about celebrating friendships. Whether you're hanging out and watching the game or just chopping it up, there's a Coke for everyone from Bestie and bro to classic names like David and Sarah. These special cans and bottles are made for your whole squad. So grab one, crack it open and toast to the people who make life worth celebrating. But don't wait. They won't be around forever. So grab one for everybody. Pop the top and keep the good vibes flowing next time you're making memories. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details


Before we get back to it. I wanna take a second for our sponsor. Stand up to all the hate now. You know, we joke, we debate, we even push buttons sometimes, but spreading the hate, that's never the right move. There's a difference between keeping it real and just being reckless. Let's do better respect each other and leave the hate out of it. There's no reason to hate. Even in my household. I have six kids And I don't let my children use the word hate. There's no reason to hate on anybody. It's always better to uplift, empower, and make sure that we support. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to all hate. If you see someone getting hate, speak up and call it out. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools there is in this fight. And you can learn more by following at what's up with hate or show your support by posting the blue square emoji and using the hashtag Staying Up to All Hate on Instagram and TikTok


Culture. Pop culture, right to come to this point. I didn't see that coming. You know what I'm saying? You didn't. You been Around I didn't. I I know, but I didn't know like all the other stuff that people are saying. Like that's just like all this stuff is just so like, oh my God. Oh it's so many. Oh my guys, no Turkey Drive could fix. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. I never thought Diddy would've been in jail. Yeah. I would never say, Okay. In jail is is crazy for life. Yeah. That's we looking At. That's crazy. Like Emini here. God dang. You know what I'm saying? Because we came up Hop, let me tell you the, the nineties was really a fly 10 year run for everybody that was coming up through it. You know, Katz is getting record deals of substantial money.


I remember when Janet Jackson got her like $40 million Virgin deal or something crazy. Remember when they was giving out numbers for, for artists, 90 million, this, that and the other. Whatever, whatever. Puff got a hundred million dollar deal. I remember that. Like that was a big deal in New York. Like people was like, yo Puff got his own label now boom, boom, boom. Clive Davis, some something, something. Boom pow boom. A hundred million. I'm, 'cause I'm interviewing all the artists, right? So I'm, I'm right there with Craig Mack. I'm there with, with Big, I'm there with total. I'm there with who else? He had Faith Evans. Faith Evans, like 1 12, 1 12. Like I'm interviewing all the artists, right? So I'm seeing this brother Mac Mace the hustle.


Oh my God, what you going to do to about I Latt Z? All him in the headrests. You remember this, you was probably four, right? Like I came up with Mason, those guys and Kaon and guys. So just think about like, oh man, I just seen like these guys making money, not dudes that look like me, that came from situations like me. We out here eating to, to now. Like, damn. So let's say if he, even if he were to get out of it, his image is smashed. So it's like, damn man, you could do all this good and do one thing and no people will never feel the same. Like, you know what I'm saying? Like they'll never look at you the same. So that's the part that gonna hurt the culture to me.


I Think it's the But wait, hold on before I say that. Why do you think it'll hurt the culture though? Because he's one, he, because That's a big part of it. A big part of, but Huges part of our culture. Like, like no, there's very few people that did what Puff did for, for hip hop and like the culture like, like very few people have done what Jay-Z has done. How many rappers, you know, you know a lot of rappers, but you don't know a lot of rappers that became billionaires. You don't know a lot of rappers that came out the street Yeah. That you've seen on the block go from being on the block to being on a TV show with you Right. From that to being, doing world tours to becoming a mogul like that. That's that's a crazy ride.


Like the you mean, so the legacy is her. Yeah, That's what I'm saying. The legacy of what you've created, you know? Yeah, for sure. You know, I think about your kids, like, I'm thinking that I have children, so I think about his children, like that's their dad. Like, you know, they're, they they, they don't want nothing to happen to their dad. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So it's like, what, what do you do? Like how do you take care of your kids if you in a bad situation like that? Like, like what do you do? Are they trying to take all your money? Do you have to stash your money all the way? You know what Emini here, you got, you got a family, he's got like a beautiful family. So now, and then the trial about to start. I'm gonna be there. Lauren gonna be there every day. I'm Be there. You gonna be you going, are they going to televis it? It will be. It says that you can't did it say, Are they gonna televis the trial?


The Day announced it's an open bar. Not o open bar is crazy. What'd you say? It Was? You said it Was something. It's first come first serve. So there you go. First come first. It First come first. Serve an open bar at the trial. That's crazy. Broadcasting and recording is prohibited. What is It? Broadcasting and recording is prohibited but it is first come first serve for media. So you can sit in There. Yeah, you can sit in. You gonna go In. Oh my God, I'm gonna go in. Because to your point, it's, first of all, I just think it's How do you get the opportunity? That's beautiful. Well say first, first Go. You can go. You just gonna get a oh. Oh. I'm not you. Right? I didn't think of it like that was just like, what? Maybe they invited you because you're doing this and they want, Oh no, they didn't invite me. I emailed them. You Just say I'm going. Yeah, but I, but I forgot I was going. Oh, I to your point though, the reason why I wanna go is because yes, I wanna have like firsthand account for the show.


But also too, this is something that's happening that I think for years to come, people are gonna look back at like, oh wow, that really happened. I'm saying so to be, it's like the OJ firsthand account is, this Is the OJ trial for hip hop for real. Like, wow, like the, like this is like, this is going to be like the OJ trial was in the nineties for hip hop because one of hip hop's biggest pioneers is on trial. Like, yo people gonna be watching it. Watch what I'm telling you. It's gonna be all over the, anything they say in court, boom, boom, boom. The charges. People that, you know how many people that's probably gonna testify that we don't know that's gonna pop up. That we know. You be like, yo, you gonna be like, yo, that'd be crazy.


Oh snap, blah blah blah blah blah. And some of the testimony gonna be funny. It's gonna be horrible, but it's gonna be funny. And you know this. It is, it is. You know, some of it's gonna be funny. Ah, It is gonna be a field day for comedians. I got Real question for you. How you been around all this time, did all this stuff, but you ain't never been to a Diddy party. I didn't get invited like that. I missed it. But I'm happy God is good. Won't do it. Won't do it. You ain't gotta go everything. I heard that. Cool. But you was like Emini here. But I was right there though. You were, I I was At the gate saying you were, and that was like the iconic, like when they were partying here in New York and all That I remember in the Hamptons and all this.


Yeah. Yep, yep, yep, yep. I remember all that. Did you ever have to fight to get hip hop on MTV back then? Yeah. Man, Charlamagne, come on. Let's you, you know what we did? Okay, so listen, this is how, how it was. So when I came on MTV, it was mostly rock. They was, they was, they was tiptoeing with hip hop. Where we gonna play a little bit? We gonna play a little bit over here with yo, we got yo MT, V raps. Those guys, ed and Dre are doing a great job. Blah, blah, blah. I wasn't even on the channel yet. So now we are getting this, this hybrid show that's going to show you that hip hop is crossing over a little bit. We not only going to do Nas, but we gonna do salt and pepper.


Mm. We gonna do ll we going to do leaders in the new school. We going to do Domino and we going do Coolio and we gonna do this young dude named Snoop. So now you getting all these new artists, you got Ice Cube now you got this, you got that. So now the plate got bigger, right? So I just happened to be the guy delivering the plate to the people. Like, yo, we got this, we got this, we got this. Oh my God, we got this girl from Detroit named Boss. Nobody mentions her rest. She's the boss. Boss Boss was a young artist came up just like the brat, like Brat was the first platinum female artist girl to go platinum.


Like people don't talk about that no more. She was the first artist to go platinum female. Not Latifa. That's fact not, not mc, like it was the brat, right? Solo artist. I love solo rap artist. Solo rap artist. You talk to me like you teaching me. I'm Just, I feel like, I feel like I'm bringing you I knew that but go ahead. You did know That. I appreciate you. Okay. I'm doing, you know, I believe you knew that but I did know that. I did know that. No, but So, so my point being is I just think it was really, really a blessing for me at that time. Just to be in the right place at the right time. Because I love the music And I love us. You know what I'm saying? I wanted you, if you was a new artist, I'm like, I'm trying to get you on. Like, yo, you gotta come on here. Make sure you get fix her hair.


Make sure she look fly. Okay, cool, cool, cool. Glad you said fix her hair. Go to hell. No, no, but what I'm saying, like, you know what I'm saying? Straight to hell. Y'all, y'all, y'all can figure this out later. So real quick, anything goes wrong, Turkey drive. Just Do I already do one every year, 10 years. And you to see how you ain't been in no Turkey. Throw Them turkeys on the ground. They just forget it. This many people go, he ain't, he ain't do nothing. He gave me a Turkey. What, what was the biggest thing that MTV passed up on that you were like, you fought for and they was like, nah, we good. And then later like now you looking back like man that was an iconic moment. We coulda had, ah, I can't remember that.


I can remember what they almost blew on. There's a couple things that that like, this one I remember very, very vividly was H Town. So H Town was on Luke Records, right? So you got oh the group. The group knocking the boots. Okay. Knocking the boots. So I was in like in the south, I was doing a show or something And I heard knocking the boots. I said, oh my God, what is that? I go back to MTV, I'm like listen this dude's down and goddamn Tuscaloosa got a, this song that's fire in the, everybody going crazy.


Yeah. I was like we gotta get this on MTV. Oh my God. What? Who is it? What is it? Oh my God. Who H Town Luke Records. Oh my God. We can't touch Luke. Luke is, 'cause at this time Luke is like, you know he is the Hugh Hefner of hip hop. They doing pop that What is pop that pop that boo boo. All they they rugged, they wow, they, wow. But they, but he got a r and b group. That's not, they just a sexy r and b. I go in there, I showed 'em the tape. I say, yo this is that and the other, blah blah blah. They're like, oh my God, go to the billboard. Let's see what it is. Is it doing, is it, is it a heat seeker? What is it doing on the charts? I was like, it don't matter what the charts is. I'm telling you this song right here is crazy.


We get the video, they still on it. We put it on the air. You oh my god Bell. Oh my God you're, you're, you know, you know music I've been telling y'all, you see that's the thing. When you live in the tower, you not on the on the ground, you don't know the people. Right. So that's why I never stay in the tower to this day I never stay in the tower. 'cause you don't know what the fuck going on. Did you Ever get a chance to try to group that? Yeah they know. Oh okay. I got the plaque. Oh okay. That was a real risque song back then. When you think about it Knocking the boots and it was boom, boom, you know, it was a lot of grinding and you know. Interesting. You Do remember that when we used to, okay she, I wonder what the difference between knocking the boots and sex you up was because color bad.


That's What I'm saying. They white. They white. Oh say they multicultural. You're right. Multicultural you though. You know we nasty. They're pleasant. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. I'm sure them drive. They didn't have no problem with sex. You up. We did. We did color me bad. I wanna sex you up. Yeah. So all them groups, like now you don't even see groups no more. We had Color Me Bad Boys to Men, shy, Jodeci, Jodeci, girls High Five, Damn remember High Five, five, forget High five. High five. Brown State. We had Jade. Jade. Who else? Gimme another group. Gimme another group. Gimme another 7 0 2. 7 0 2. Damn Total it is so many man.


I love total though. Hell yeah. That was just cool. Can't you see what you do to me? I saw somewhere that you said you regret coining the term booty call. I ain't regret It. Oh, I regret that. I didn't trademark it. Oh, Got you, got you, got you, got you. I would've had a lot of money if I, if I had trademarked that right now. It'd be a hologram sitting right here. What Inspired that term though? What made you come up with that term? It was the way I was writing the jokes at the time. I was just So what Was her name? The girl? Yes. I don't remember. I didn't, the girl didn't have a name in the, in the in the, in the joke. It was basically, No, I'm talking about the girl you actually slept with that inspired you. Oh I don't remember.


I tell you it was, she was, she was of age. I know that. I know she was at least 24, 25, something like that. How old were you? 24, 25, something like that. I tried to keep it even, you know, Keep it even. But yeah so Booty called came from me just talking about a girl coming to your crib. You know what Emini here And I had just got a brand new crib, loft joint. You know I'm getting that money now and stuff. So I was just like, yo man, it's crazy when you want chicks to come by. And I'm like damn. They always bring a friend and stuff like the blow, the blow the vibe. 'cause like the thing about it was booty calls is basically like you call this chick up and you like hoping she answers, she answers like, yo, what you doing?


She's like, oh my god I don't know you like yo don't you come through for a second? And you hoping she, she say yeah. She's like, yeah I could just slide through in about a hour. You like, oh you are happy whatever. And then you get in your house and get together. You like trying to set it up, you putting the candles and stuff. You know you trying to make it fly. And then she come to the door and she got her friend. She's like, Hey be you like what? Who is that? And she like, how long y'all gonna be because she bring the the ugly girlfriend the block case. It ain't going right. She got a, she got it out. Y'all know. You know how y'all do Team, team defense. You ready to go Lauren? What they do that we do? Girls Do that or you set up the phone call you crazy.


You'll be, yo, if I text you this word, call me. 'cause then I can say it's an emergency And I gotta dig. They do Team defense on us. Say for instance you ain't, don't act like nobody ever drink and she ain't like you. Her girl will come over like we gotta go your baby, your baby sitter is leaving. Or they'll do some, some creek. So you, you, you, you told me you didn't have no kids. Well it's a a baby I I just found. So anyway they make up Stu. But that's team defense for y'all right? Yeah. See told you damn. Would you have known what the do Like if you had trademarked it back then and it like once it started blowing up in the movies going all that, would you have known what to do with it or you would've just sat? I think it, I think I would've just did like merchandise and stuff like that. 'cause people still say booty call.


Yeah they try to say sneaky link but it don't sneaky link don't sneaky links sound like it is contagious. It's the same thing as a booty call though. I know but it don't, it sound like you'll get a rash from a sneaky link. Right. Sneaky link Booty Booty call sound like booty sound like I got some booty. It was fun. Sneaky link sound like mm. See now they not even saying sneaky link is fine shit now. So it's like fine shit. Like you'll be like you my little fine shit. Yeah like my little fine shit coming over My little fine shit. I'm too old for that. I don't want fine shit. I don want that foody. What happened to wifey Emini here? Those too. Nobody got Wifey no more. Nah, It depends on like, you know where y'all are in the stages of things but So if okay right now you meet somebody, you, you that was another great group.


Next boom boom, boom boom boom boom boom. I Wonder if she could feel my dick getting hard right now. Whoa wait they was talking about getting hard in the you right. That's what the dirty version, the dirty version starts out was dirty. RL goes I wonder if she could feel my dick Getting hard. I'm so excited. Yes. You can't deny he was talking about being hard in the club. Dirty. Yes. I can't hide it. Girl you are dancing real close. Y'all just made y'all packaged it well yeah we packaged it, packaged it real well But then that turned into want you to be my wifey. So you gotta start somewhere. You gotta start with the that's What I'm saying, there's levels level to the shit. My little fine shit then it's like that's bad then it's like that's wifey now we let together you don't gotta booty call 'cause you go home and she there anyway and she don't wanna give you nothing anyway 'cause she been seeing you every day.


Oh Don't forget bad baby mama deadbeat. That can happen too. Not in my trajectory. So now like on social media, baby mama is BM right? Yeah I had to figure that out. I was like bm. Who? That was a cough. Yeah it was. I bought two of those. Bought Two of those. What? And YN is young niggas. Yes. You wanna stay away from those. Definitely Wanna, So that's, that's the, the people that that, that the yns mess up the club, the Mass. Yeah. We used to call them killers. So they just, they they they the killers that be in the corner. That's right. That as soon as we see them we leaving. That's right. Okay. That's right. There we go. That's right, that's right. Did you bring me up to speed? L Thank you. I got you. Thank you. You know you said you wanna do another how to be a player. Are you really working on the updated version of that? What would that even look like in 2025?


Oh my god. The woke auntie gonna Kiss Shannon Sharpe will not be in it. All you all, nobody, nobody that's messing up got anything to do with how to be a player too. Nope, Nope, nope, nope. It even worth being a player. 'cause Kendrick Lamar said, and, And I agree with him on the new album, GN X, he says you better off being with one woman. Everything tricky right now. Yeah, it's tricky right now. I think for the comedy of it, it would be really good for the culture. I feel like it would be good because it's nostalgic. Everybody's the right age Now. Some cats was like in their teenage years, some cats was in their twenties, whatever. I think if we do it coming, like if it comes out next summer. I think it would be perfect because we can talk about certain things.


You know how like technology is blowing cats up? Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Leaving your phone open, girl. Using your face while you sleep. I feel like we should have alarms on our phones. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. You know, like saying, saying you, you sleep and your girl tried to go, Or you could just not have nothing in the phone. That's True too. We always got something in our phone. You know, you got stuff. Everybody got something in they phone that something, they just be like, nah, I didn't think nobody was gonna see that. Your phone clean Emini here. I don't. I thank you. See, I'm hear My my own though. I could, I do what I wanna do right now, But I'm saying, but it's, if your phone was just left open and people went to swiping, would you be, would you be good?


Nope. See, look at the pause. I would, she said my Phone clean. She said which phone Also too. That. Oh, okay. Now I'm not going Tell on yourself. Don't. What? If you did an updated version of the brothers That's supposed to be happening, right. And would be, and you had Dr. Uma in it mad at you in your character because how much you like white women. Dr. Omar would be bananas. Yes. He would just show up on my dates. Yes, he's a cousin. Come on brother. Every time you out, he just pops up for nore. Don't let the bunnys get you brother. Boy, if Dr. Omar have a a mixed baby, I'm gonna pass out.


It'll never happen. No, I know. I'm just joking. Some things in life will never happen And I better Now. Yeah, but Dr. Omar, he's staying on business with his stuff. Boy, he hit it so hard. He better not even drink white milk. You hear me? He better have brown rice in his house. I don't want to hear it. He is over the top word. I love watching him just go off. He would come through my phone every now and then I'll be swiping on my phone and he'd be like, listen brother, I'm going to tell you what you need. You need a sister. Keep this culture. Keep the vibe. I'm like, oh Lord, could We forgive Dr. Umar if he got with a white woman? Like we found out? Oh No, we would, we would go crazy. Black people would go crazy. I knew it. You know, we want you to fall, you know, black people. So what could he do to, to get everything back in, get back in our good grazes, Turkey drive for black people a Turkey drive.


Solve all your problems. Just go Costco right now. If you know you're gonna do some dumb shit. Get you a bunch of turkeys. As soon as that shit drop, you just start giving them out and people forgive you. Its Bill Bellamy. His top billing tour is going on right now. He's gonna be at the Improv Comedy Club. Eight third in the fourth. Yeah. I'll be in Brea, California. Yes. Braa, California four. Wayne, Indiana, May 9th and 11th. And the Summit City Comedy Club. Yep. He'll be at the Chicago Improv in Schaumburg, Illinois. May 16th through the 18th, the Miami Improv and Miami, Florida. May 30th through the June 1st and the Funny Bone Comedy Club in Cleveland, June 6th to the eighth. Let's go man. Yes, let's go man. That's how we do it, man. Thank y'all so much, man. Always a pleasure, Man.


What team? Oh, thank you. I had another question. You come. No, I didn't know. So. No, I didn't. So we, we didn't get to meet a lot. I only met Donne because he had a lot going on. He had like did something in the airport or something And I had to call him. Okay. I ain't never had to call your team. It's a good thing. Thank God. I had a question for you. Wait, are you still, you're still married, right? Yes. Is your wife white? No. Oh, okay. What? 'cause I was looking, I thought that your wife was white. No, She mixed. Oh, she got like Indian in her family. Oh, Okay. You know I'm saying All right. Because the Dr. Umer, I'm like, you laughing kind Hard. No. Oh no. I, no, my, my, my wife is so damn black. That's the only reason why I, I, I was like, wait, You Dr. Umer jokes, don't let 'em get you in the comments. I know they can't get me, but you know, Wendy used to get me though. She always did.


But people don't realize that black people come in every shade. Like I saw that clip of Wendy last night when I was getting ready last Wendy. I didn't see that one. Because, because 'cause it was so funny because my wife looks so, like, you don't know if she wear hair this way? It's one thing where like, you don't know what the hell's going on. Right. And so one day it was Wendy. Wendy was like, so belle, you know, this is the good, the good days of Wendy or whatever Bell. So what is your why? You know, you trying to, I was like, she black, half black, half white. One, two is one side is the good times. The other side is pretty much how was I know. Yeah. Yeah. How the fuck? I know that's another one. How did you ever think Wendy would be in the situation that she's currently in?


Man, I just hope she could get her life back. And they, I don't know who signed her off on this goofy thing. Conservatorship. It's scary. Like, it made me realize no matter how we, we successful we get, we should make sure that nobody could just take over us. That's right. You business, you know what Emini here, you make sure your paperwork is in order. Make sure your paperwork, you don't never know you get sick and then have some weird person telling you your family can't do nothing. You can't do nothing. Nah. Take care of your business and pray for Wendy. When people tell all these stories about like these iconic interviews and hip hop stuff, why don't they mention you more and stuff? Because People, I don't know why, like, I think what happens is people forget, you know what Emini here, 'cause they always jumping to the next, you gotta do your history.


That's why I can come to The Breakfast Club and have a good time because you guys know like there's certain things, you know, and then I grew up here. So it's certain things that people be like, yo, I remember boom. Like I You're from Jersey, right? I'm from Jersey. Yeah. So the crazy thing, like I remember the first time I met Mike Tyson. Mike Tyson was at Webster Hall at a party. Right? This is when Mike was Mike. Mike would knock somebody out and be in a club. Like Mike would knock somebody out and literally be in a club with us. Right? So the first time I met Mike Tyson. Right. And I didn't know Mike Tyson knew who I was. So Yeah. And we in the men's bathroom. I'll never forget this. And Mike comes in, I'm like, I can see him in the mirror. You know, you, you at the urinal, you can see.


I said, oh shit. That's Mike. Oh shit. He was like, man, you're very funny. William. He called me William. I The white called me William, you're very funny, man. I love you on Def Comedy Jam. You, you're really funny man. I appreciate you man. I was like, yo, that's Mike motherfucking Tyson man. And I was like, damn, he right there. Like, but I told Mike, I said, Mike, you know, you the first hip hop champ. Absolutely. Like he was of the culture. Like we literally could watch Mike and Madison swear a guard and, and see him at nails. Like he would just be in One of the first hip hop Huh. Mainstream stars too. Right? Whether, whether he knew that or not. Yes. Mike left a, a Bentley Rolls Royce in the middle of the street somewhere.


Wayne, do you remember that? Yeah. It was a Roll Royce. I get Did he give the Ed Love? If if you read Bobby Brown's book him and Bobby says him and Mike used to do that all the time. They'd be in different cities and see somebody give 'em a bag of cash and just buy their car and leave it. These guys were making so much money back then that it was unbelievable. They didn't know what to do. No. Do you She don't even know this. No, I looked it up. No. What kind of car was it? There's a story about Mike Tyson leaving a Rolls Royce on the street in 1988. 1988. Yeah. They were gonna take the car from 'em. So he let him and keep it. But after photographer saw them and the captain saw the picture, they ordered him to return. They, they give the car back to him. No officers were suspended 10 days without pay.


Yep. And then he offered at Lover the, the red, the Rolls Royce. Wow. I think MTV also hasn't done a good job of a good job of like preserving the content that had, I don't think BE to be honest with you. BET either like that there's, there's gold, platinum classic material. They Bem vt. They should be airing it like a TV show. Yes. Because yes, it's literally music history. That's How what I'm saying, I was getting ready for this yesterday watching some of the, you have old clips on YouTube. I Got so much stuff. Like I remember interviewing Aaliyah Emini here. I just just had popped back in my head and she was showing me that one two checker. Everybody know what's up. That was her first album she did already. We would sit there and watch that all day with you Narrating Yo Fab five Freddie Narrating.


Yeah. Ed Lover narrating you on tv. Like we watched that all day Song. You fan out over Janet Jackson. Hmm. The Janet Jackson interview. You were like, you was, you had a crush on her. Oh my God, that interview for you was Big shit. I just didn't, I didn't know what to do by myself. You know, if I had, if I knew Jermaine could pull it, I would've pulled it. You know what Emini here, he just had more courage. Dang. He Caught it straight. He, He caught it straight pew. No, no, I love jd, but JD pulled up. I did Emini here, you know what I'm saying? I was on tour with and everything And I was just like, dang, you know, I ain't, it was so interesting because we had such a really cool friendship that I didn't know. Like I didn't wanna mess it up like crossing the line, you know what I'm saying? So I never did. But the thing about it was she used to flirt with me on camera, like in front of everybody.


And I was like, what? But I ain't, I would be like stuck. 'cause I ain't know what to do with it. Right. You know what I'm saying? I'd be like, ah, she ain't really mean that, ah, How would they say, if you can make her laugh, you can crack her ass Bro. I promise you. But you gotta understand, she was so big at the time. So I'm thinking like, you know, this is Janet Jackson. You know what I'm saying? Ah, man, I don't know. But then she'd be like, be come by the house. I'd Be like, you never went by the house. Oh Yeah, I went by the house And then What? But it was a bunch of us. Oh, okay. It was never like, I was never like alone with her like that. Like I would party with them and stuff. 'cause we was on tour together and stuff. Got you. You know what Emini here, but I, I should have pulled up though. I ain't know. I should have came over there with a Turkey. Be like, yo.


Got you a Turkey. Janet. It's Bill Bellamy. Man. What? Can they follow you, bill? Oh, follow me at Bill Bellamy on Instagram. I'm on TikTok, I'm on Facebook, wherever it is. Subscribe to your podcast. Subscribe to our top billing. We love y'all, man. Peace. It's The Breakfast Club Bill Bellamy. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


Meetings, deadlines, emails. Millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could just escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs and technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences, and more. You'll sort in new heights just like the Wright Brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers all took off in Ohio. And yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home to have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.