
This is an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing massy seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income. Census tracts also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the bank of doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do Wells Fargo bank, NA member ft IC


Craftsman days are here at Lowe's with big savings on the tools you need right now. Get a free select tool when you buy the Craftsman V 22 Pack Battery Kit. Whether it's the backyard, the bathroom, or beyond. Craftsman has the tools to help you power through and get the project done Bright, because DI Ying is unpredictable, but your tools shouldn't be. Shop craftsman at Lowe's today. Valid through six 18 while supplies last. Selection various by location.


Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got some special guests in the building. That's Right. We Got the og, the icon, the legend. Rodney Jerkins celebrating 30 years of dog child. He's inducted into the songwriter's Hall of Fame. That's big. Congratulations. And he also brought his new artist, John Keith, how you feeling first and foremost? I'm good. I'm good, bro. I'm good. You good? I'm blessed. John Keith, no pressure. But Rodney has sold over 500 million records worldwide. He's worked with Whitney Houston, Michael Jackson, Beyonce, Brandy, Justin Biebers, Sam Smith. Just to name a few. No pressure.


No pressure. Okay. Easy work. So how you feeling first and foremost? Boy, we gotta get to, you know, I, I like to bring when, when we have icons and legends like you, I like to start from the, from the beginning. Now you are from Atlantic City. Yes, sir. From Atlantic City. And how did you get into music? What made you say, I wanna be a producer and then being from Atlantic City, anybody from Atlantic City will tell you it's very difficult to get out there. How did you get out there when people started hearing your beats and you started selling some stuff? My Mom was a housekeeper, so she would go and she would take care of other people's houses and she would hear these little kids playing piano or being taught. She was like, I need them. I need this guy to teach my son. So I'm five years old. I didn't want to play the piano to be honest. But my dad had a house rule, you gotta play piano live under this roof.


Damn. So all the siblings play. We all play. I took the lessons and probably when I was about 10, 11, I discovered like I wanted to be a producer. I heard Michael Jackson's album and then I started kinda, you know, back in the day you read the credits. Yeah, of course. Teddy Riley was someone that I really admired. I saw Teddy Row on a lot of credits and I'm like, yo, I want to do this. I need to do this. So back in the day there was a magazine called Black Beat. Yeah, absolutely. And I saw interview and it said like all, it had like all the top producers, Pete Rock, you know, every, everybody. And it was like, we used the NPC to make the beats MPC 60 back then, right. MPC 60. And I was like, I need this, I need this.


You can't afford that. My dad borrowed $1,200 off his life insurance, got the NPC for me. And, and we gone Random, random question. How was it growing up in Atlantic City? 'cause I, I love Atlantic City because my daughter does a lot of cheerleading competitions. Yeah. And for some reason, when I go out there, I I, I just get a good peace of mind. Like I go out there and write and all types of stuff. How was it growing up there as a chop? It was hard because there, there was no outlet, there was no studios there, there was no outlet for music. So I had to get on New New Jersey transit up, you know, taking that two and a half hour, half an hour bus ride pretty much every other day just to try to get put on Wow. To New York. But yeah. But lemme tell you, I got discovered, I got discovered by Teddy Riley at the Impact Convention.


Where Was that? At? Black City. Wow. Break that Down. So he heard a demo that I produced. He wasn't really into the, the, the guy singing the demo, but he was like, yo, this producer is dope. So the manager told me, I told my dad, I'm like, dad, Teddy Riley heard it. He, we need to go see him. He's like, where's he at? I said, well, the, the credit say he's in Virginia Beach, so we gotta go to Virginia Beach. My dad was like, that's like a six hour drive. Like whatever, let's go. Yeah. Yeah. So we hop in the car, we hop in the van, the church van. 'cause my dad's a pastor. Right. Hop in church van. We go to Virginia Beach. Stand in Teddy Riley's. We was in his parking lot probably for like half the day now for People that don't know Teddy Riley's from Harlem.


He built this huge studio in Virginia Beach. Yep. And it was beautiful. Everybody worked there. From Pharrell to Bobby Brown to Michael Jackson. Yep. So we go there in the parking lot, we just waiting for him to show up. And then finally he shows up like six, seven hours later. Pull up on him. I'm like, I'm the kid that produced. I'm like literally 14 years old. I'm like, you just heard my beat? He was like, that was you. And I was like, yeah. He was like, come on, come in the studio from then, you know, rest is history. Wow. And so now, and then I'm, I'm getting inducted at Teddy Riley's the one inducted me. Wow. That's amazing. Yeah. Where, where did the the famous dark child come from? Where, where did you get that? I just, you know, it was really the, the name itself came from the, the style that I felt that I was created.


Mm. I love dark minor chords. I was, I was youthful. You know, I'm a young kid, so I kind of took those words and played with it. Yeah. But then I just started saying it. I didn't know that I was really one of the first ones. Probably maybe the first one doing a producer tag. Producer tag. Yeah. I didn't know it at the time. 'cause I was just like, I was just trying to brand myself. Yeah. You know, in a way. 'cause I, I wasn't the type that wanted to be like him and be on the microphone rapping all the time. Even though I, you know, I could spit a little bit. But I, I didn't wanna do that. So I was like, how, how they gonna know who did the record? So I was like, doc child, I will say it. And then what happened was the artist started to say it. Yeah. So like, Tony Braxton sang it and then Whitney said it and then Michael said it, Michael Jackson. And then her said it like, they just started saying it.


So I was like, yo, I ain't gotta say it no more. Let them say it. I love That. Was that, was that like a, a a producer beat camp. Really? 'cause it was y'all, it was you, Pharrell, well Neptunes and it was a bunch of y'all. So how was working in that beat camp? 'cause you have producers, YY you're learning from a, a icon. But You'all all became your own and your own separate ways. Yeah. I think that's what was spec special about being in VA is like Teddy's studio. Like you wanted to get into his room and, and see what he was doing. Right. And when I came, Pharrell and them was already there. So they was, I was the one, I was the one that had to really kind of wait for my turn. They was already down there and they was kind of like, Teddy was cool 'cause he wasn't like signing nobody.


So it was more so just like, yo, you here, let me hear what you got. So I be in there and I'm just waiting for my, my shot. And then eventually he'd be like, all right, come in little bro. And then you press play and it's just like, alright, cool. We gonna get the work. And that's how it kind of happened. How many hits did you make back then that you didn't get the credit for? I got credit for my hits. All of, okay. I, I always, I always think so. It's funny you say that though, right? I always look at like, how people do their business and whatever's wrong with their business. It's not gonna be wrong with my, with my business. So there's a lot of mistakes that I would see in the industry. And I'll be like, y'all allow that to happen. That can't happen to me. You know? And I, and I've learned to play in a position of fair with my artists.


I've learned to be, I want to be, I want to be one of those dudes where when, you know, like, oh, you did a deal with him. You got a good deal. Yeah. You know, and, and a lot of producers now that's blown up came from my camp. Like Who DM Tommy Brown. Like these are like the people who did DM just did, I think every Bruno Mars record that you can think of. Oh wow. You know? Yeah. Them guys did producer tags, silk. So Yeah. They didn't produce tags because I don't know, I don't, I don't know any of the new, we don't Need the credits anymore like that. Know what Emini here, because you stream, you don't, They don't, they don't even understand what it means. They don't even understand what it means. Like, And I think we were in a different day, right? Back in the day it was, it was a producer driven industry.


It wasn't file sharing. So I wasn't sending you a foul. Like I'm in the studio with Michael, I'm in the studio with, I'm doing their vocals with them. I'm, I'm coaching them now. It's just like, yo, send the foul and we gonna cut that tonight and send it back to you. And Now you gotta break that down. Even Personal engagement. Like, it's none of that. Not at all. Not at all. I, I think, I think that's where the game was lost. I think there's a lot of producers and artists that don't even know each other. Yeah. And it's just send a beat over. And there's, there's a difference too. Remember like when credits was a thing? That's right. Well, credits was a thing, but it was also a thing where you might only saw three to four names on a song. The only time you saw multiple names is when someone, when someone sampled Mm.


Now you see 10, 15 names on a record you like, dang. Like who wrote what? Yeah. Like nobody can, there's no real identity of a songwriter anymore over a producer anymore. 'cause there's so many names. So we don't know who did what. And then a lot of that have to do with sample sometime though. That's what I'm saying. This is back in the day. It did now. No. Wow. Now it's just because you've been foul sharing. So it's like, if I, if I'm working on the track And I started and I'm like, oh, this is dope, let me send it to him. And then he's like, yo, this is dope, but I think I could do a better 8 0 8. The minute that he has this 8 0 8, he's now a co-producer. Right. And then he sends it over to him. He like, yeah, this is fire. But yo, what if we add this pad?


Soon as he add that pad, now he's a producer. Now you got three producers versus the one, when I started out, every song that I did, I produce. So you talking about 50% of the publishing is mine right out the gate. Right. That's how it starts with every record. 50%. Now I'm look at, when I look at splits now, I be seeing a producer like 7%, 5%, 10%. I'm like, yo, what happened? Yeah. You know, so I'm, I'm blessed to know the time that I came up in. Yeah. Yeah. Now I gotta ask, now you just glazed over Michael Jackson. Talk about how you started working with Michael Jackson. How was that called? And and how was he in the studio? 'cause you were actually in the studio with him. The, the greatest, the greatest artist I've ever worked with hands down.


Like, and you know, Mike was, Mike was so special and different that he pushed you to limits. Like you can't have imagined. Like, I remember him telling me, you gotta get exhausted into music. I'm like, what? Like, I ain't know what, I'm 21 years old. Mm. So you talking about 21-year-old kid working with Michael Jackson. How did, how did they call, how was that? How did he reach out? Oh, it called, it called, yo, this is real crazy. It called from a Dream. What it called, it happened from the dream. It happened from a dream. Oh. I was in my mom. Oh, I heard you say that before. I was in my mom and dad's house on the couch. Took a nap And I had a dream. Literally had this dream that I was pulling up to the studio with glass windows. And I saw Michael Jackson in a red shirt that, that red shirt with the black pants in the window.


I woke up from the dream, told my mother and father the dream I just had. The phone rings like 10 minutes later, lady by the name of Carol Bear, Seger calls. You probably don't even know who that is. She wrote, that's where friends are four. Okay. It's the older lady, whatever. She said, I had say my name out at the time by Destiny's Child. She goes, Rodney, I love this song you have out. I wanna know if you would love to come to my house and work this week. And I was like, I didn't even know who she was. She was like, I'm I'm working with Michael Jackson. I was like, where? She's like, Bel Air. I was like, I'm in Jersey but I'm out Jersey. I'm going for real. I got on the plane And I stayed in the hotel until she called me. She called me on Thursday four days later and was like, can you come to the house today?


I'm like, yeah, I came. I kid you not, man. I pulling up the driveway. I looked to the left. I see Michael Jackson in the window with the red shirt. Damn. Staring out the window. Wow. Just like, just like the dream bone. Wow. And I was like, nobody can't tell me God ain't real. Have you ever told him that? Did you tell him that? A hundred percent. I literally, literally told, I'm like, you know, he believes this stuff like that. Yeah. What did he Say? He was like, That's, that was how it was supposed to happen. Is that how you said it? Like it, That's how it was supposed to happen. Mike's voice is actually deeper than that. I bet it, I can hearing that that's how I was supposed to happen. You know, he a little deeper than that. Right. But it was true. Like, it, like, like I just feel like God just went like, he showed me exactly how it was going to be. So I can have the story to be able to tell him one day how it was supposed to be.


I want to say envy is it's, it's it's glossed over. Not glazed over. He definitely said, even though Michael Jackson deserves all the glazing, 'cause he's the greatest of all time. It's glossed over, glossed over Jesus, my man. It's crazy. Crazy. Now talk about MJ working with mj. How was that? Amazing? Well, he, he, he, he worked me hard, bro. He's, he's different. Like, he'd be like, he would call three, four o'clock in the morning, be like, can I hear hear what you working on over the phone. Wow. And I'd be like, I'm actually not working right now. I'm actually trying to take a nap. 'cause I've been up for 30 hours. No, well can you go to the studio right now and play? Like, he's like that. So I get up and drive to the studio and play him. And Mike was so crazy with it that this, this was crazy.


I would play something on the phone. He'd be like, can you turn the high hats down three dbs and then make sure he goes and make sure they're paying to the left. And I'd be like, really? He goes, yes. And I would be bugging And I, the only thing I could think of Right. Which is just crazy. Right. Michael Jackson was taught by Barry Gordy, Quincy Jones. Quincy Jones. Quincy Jones. Teddy Riley. Teddy Riley. So that school, I'm a part of that school now. Yeah. Right. And I'm getting what he learned from Barry Gordy and Quincy Jones. So I'm taking it all in. I'm learning.


But dude was, he was incredible bro. Like, and, and a great person. Like, you know, we, we used to bet, we used to bet DVDs. We play pool together. Mmt Bet DVDs. Bet DVDs. I, I used to, I used to bet him, he beat me 'cause I scratch and we'd go shopping right here in Virgin Music Store. In Town Square. He would walk in there with you, Bro. He put the disguise on. We went, we went there and I had to buy the DVDs. A lot of people don't know this. I took Michael to Rucker Park In watch basketball. No one knows this. Y'all know it now. But when we did Rock My World, Michael kept saying we need to go to a club and, and test it out.


And I was like, I was like, I got one better. I said, I'm gonna take this spot called Rucker Park. And I didn't let him get out the car, but I just wanted him to feel the energy. So I went to Rucker Park And I played the record and they was going crazy. They didn't know that Mike, the window was cracked the whole time. Yeah. They didn't know Mike was in the car. Wow. That's crazy. That's Wow. And I'm gonna tell y'all how, how cool we got. This is how cool we got. I'm in Manhattan one time. I could sense that I'm, every time I'm with Mike, he's in disguise when he goes out, like it's always that one day I was like, yo, hey Mike, I'm coming to pick you up. And he was like, wow. I was like, just be ready to, I'm coming to pick you up.


I had a, a blue peacock Bentley convertible. I dropped the top, I pull up towards his apartment And I say, yo Mike come out. He's like, let me get Skip, skip was his security guard. It's like, no, no, no, no, no, no. Come out. You trying to kill Michael. Listen. Yeah man, I'm trying to kill him. I'm trying to, I'm trying to let him see what I knew he wanted to see. Right. And I knew no one would do that for him but me. He gets in my car, I put the windows up, but the top is, is off. And I remember this day, 'cause that was the day that Hot 97 was playing the Janet Jackson Black Street record that just came out. And it came on and I'm playing Hot 97.


I'm rolling through Manhattan with Michael. And he's going crazy. He's love, he's just loving the fact. Yeah. When we got back to the apartment, he looked at him and said just, he's like, thank you. That's, and I'm just like, yo, this is what it's about to be. I wasn't trying to get him killed. I was just trying to let him see reality. Yeah. Because he ain't seen it in so long. You feel what I'm saying? And that spills over into our production, that spills over to rock my world. It spills over to what we trying to create because you have to still have a sense of what's going on or you can't really create from a real place. Dope. You know, you know, I wanna ask you as producer, like, you know, you talk about Michael Jackson, you worked with him, you worked with Whitney, you worked with Brandy, Beyonce. What's something they all had in common in the studio that separated them from everybody else?


Tenacity. Patience. You're talking about artists that focused on making albums, which is another art form that we've lost a little bit. Right. It wasn't about like just the single, it was about like how to make a great, a great album. I felt like a lot of 'em sometimes got caught up in trying to compete with themselves. Especially Michael. Yeah. Like he was overly trying to compete with himself. You'll never beat Thriller. That's How could you Yeah. You know what Emini here. But he believed he would. Right. He believed he could. He believed he would. Which is crazy to think about it. Right. If Michael was alive or was doing what he was doing in the streaming world, I believe he could have beat it.


Hmm. Really? Yeah. I believe he could have beat it. But You know what's interesting with an album like Thriller? Are any artist, what are you trying to beat? Are you trying to beat yourselves or you just trying to be better musically? I would think he just would wanna be better musically. I don't, I don't think so. Mm. I think someone like Michael got obsessed with knowing the numbers that he, that he did was so high that he wasn't competing against anyone else anymore. Musically. It wasn't a race with Prince anymore. It wasn't all he's, he's like, I already beat you now I'm, I'm trying to beat me. Mm. Right. And, and how I noticed to be factual was because he didn't say that. He would say, I think there's a day where I could do a billion sales.


He literally would say that. Yeah. So that lets me know that he's racing for that. He's racing for a number. Wow. And he had to, because in his mind he was like, how do you stay hungry? How do you stay when you are the greatest? Like, how do you get up for the fight? Like, you know, a lot of great fighters lose fights because they just can't get up for the fight anymore. Mm. Because they've done, that's why you gotta, you gotta give props to someone like a Floyd Mayweather. You gotta be like, yo, this dude stay hungry. Like no matter what, some people get the 40 and oh 42 and oh and he ready. Just say, I'm done with it. I'm not putting in that time no more. He saw, he had, he was super competitive. He was super competitive with me. Meaning like, he would challenge me and tell me like, yo, that producer over there, he's coming for you.


He would tell me,


Hey, What up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels. Thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Taking the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like your at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


We get it. There are too many car insurance companies trying to convince you that they have the best car insurance rates. We don't think we need to convince you we're root and we do car insurance differently. We don't think it makes sense to only base your car insurance rate on things that have nothing to do with your driving, like your occupation or education when you take the test drive. Using the Route app, we price your car insurance rate primarily on how you drive. It's that easy. Just download the Route app, drive around like you normally would for a couple of weeks and get a quote based primarily on how you actually drive. Good drivers could save up to $900 a year when they switch to route. We're taking an old industry and making it fair root insurance because better drivers deserve better rates. Download the app today and see how much you could save terms and conditions. Apply subject to underwriting review. See root.com for the towels.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. That means when you buy a Toyota, you can feel confident that your investment will last. Toyota has dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, including the 2025 Tacoma Tundra and Forerunner, the plugin hybrid RAV4, and even the hot news sra. These five models rank in the top 10 for resale value of all vehicles according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And have a retained value after five years that is thousands higher than the average vehicle. So after countless carpools road trips and off-road adventures, your Toyota will still have plenty to give both on the road and towards your wallet. Shop. Buy a toyota.com for a great deal on the vehicle that's right for you today and tomorrow. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's Go places.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the bank of Doing Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company. Wells Fargo Bank Na and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


Like I'll be like, you crazy. If you think he got a chance to get on this project, you outta your mind. That's how we talked. So he liked that. And the coldest thing I saw Mike do was a friend of mine. He, he ran EMI publishing Big John. Big John Plat. Who, who? Big John. Big John Platt is the, is the CEO of Sony Music Publishing now. Yep. But at the time he was running EMI, he wanted to meet Mike. So I took Mike to EMI to meet him. I went to go make sure everything was okay inside. I came back out, Mike was gone and there was a van parked in the spot. I'm like, oh, what happened? Where where'd he go?


The guy got off the van and said Mike wanted some fried chicken. So he went up to block the Kentucky Fried chicken. Go get some chicken. That's how he was. That's how he was. And, and what was crazy was y'all ever hear the story about Jay-Z doing the summer jam, bringing Michael out? Of course. Which story Heard that's of Me. Yeah. We've heard stories, but what story? No, no. He brought Michael out at Summer Jam. Yep. Yep. That doesn't happen without me introducing him to Michael. Break Down, breaking down Jay-Z again. Jay-Z wants to meet Michael Jackson. So my man, big Chuck, big John, all of 'em call me like, yo, can you introduce Jay to Mike? I'm like, yeah, I got, I didn't even know Jay yet. I'm like, yeah, I got him. Bring him to the studio. That was the, actually, that was the first time I seen Jay kind of in a, just a very chill.


Yeah. Like, yo, this is Michael Jackson. Yeah. Like, this is Michael Jackson. I introduced him to Michael. He had a great conversation. We talking, next thing you know, a couple months later he calls Michael to do Summer Jam. Mike does It. Is that Michael on the Girls, girls Girls remix? There's a version with him. That's what they Yeah, that's what I on on, on one of the remixes. Yeah. Yeah. So I wanted to ask, hold on, finish the story. You can finish. No, no. It was just like, I think like I was, it was funny 'cause I was just there trying to intro I think even 50 cent. It was just, I was introducing them to people that wanted to meet him and that he wanted to meet. Mike was a diehard 50 fan at the time. Like no other rapper mattered to Michael. They 50 50 and Biggie.


I was gonna ask you Biggie And Biggie was, biggie was gone, biggie was gone. I remember Michael used to do crazy challenges with me. One, I remember I was working on this song called Unbreakable. And as I, as I'm finishing it, Michael goes, we need Biggie on it as if he was alive. That's crazy. That's the way he spoke. And I was like, what you mean? He was like, I want Biggie on this. So I'm like, yo, how am I gonna get, you know what Emini here? I'm like, and then I, then I realized I had like a acapella for something that he did with Shaq back in the day. And I was like, okay, I'm gonna use this and see if I can time and get it right. And I got it in there and he was like, okay, good. We, we good now. I got Biggie. But They worked together in real life too though. Oh, is that, I saw, I only see that picture. I don't know if it's real or not. I, I don't know.


Maybe they did. I don't know. Yeah. I just know he, I know he Biggie and 50 was the two people he constantly talked about. Can you imagine Michael Jackson Wildling the Whatup gangster. Damn. Yes. Listen, Low key. Yeah. From what Roddy Jackson say. Yes. I can imagine that. I'm, I'm interested in, I was gonna ask you about this, but I wanna ask you about it now. I'm interested in your visions, right? Because you just told us the vision you had about Michael And I, I heard the vision you had about Jay-Z. Yeah. Has Michael or Whitney visited you in, in any of your Opinion? Whitney Houston. Sing at my dad's church in Pleasantville, New Jersey. A little church with 50 50 people in it. Call me up one day. I think Charlamagne in a dream, but I dream One of your visions. Yeah. Has has, say it again. Say ha Have, have they visited you in a vision like Dream? You saying since?


Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. Michael for sure. Michael For sure. Not Anything you wanna share or Not, not as much Whitney, but like, but Michael for sure just lied. It just be like, I'm back in the lab with Michael created and, and the crazy thing is, is when I've had that dream, which has happened a few times, it was something like musically incredible. And when I got up I couldn't remember what, what I was creating. Wow. But in the dream, it was like, whoa. It didn't sound like anything from here. Yeah. Yeah. Now you was talking about Whitney coming to your dad's church. Yeah. Like, so me and Whitney bonded when I worked with her spiritually. We bonded And one day she just called me out the blue and she was just like, we had just finished working together.


Album had came out. She was like, Hey, what you doing? Dark child, early in the morning, early Sunday morning. I was like, it's like eight o'clock in the morning. What you mean? What am I doing? She goes, I wanna go to church today. And I was like, okay. And she's like, no, I wanna go to your church. And I was like, my church is like two and a half hours from Mendo, New Jersey. She was like, I'm on my way. And she pulled up to church. It was like, like she pulled up and she sang, she whispered in my ear. She was like, tell your daddy I wanna sing. Wow. What Year was this? This is like 1998 or nine. Wow. And crazy. She sang and killed it. But here, three months before she passed away, she called me up. I ain't talked to her in like, probably five years.


She called me, said, I need to see you. I said, what's up? She goes, we need to pray together. She's like, where you at? I said, I'm in, I'm at my studio in, in Hollywood. She goes, INM on my way. Mm. She came all the way down from Newport Beach, wherever she was living at the Tom literally came in the studio and next thing you know, it turned into like a church service in the studio just three months before she passed away. Wow. So we've always had that, like somewhat of that type of connection. Now You, you also talked about the competition. The competition between Prince and Michael. Right. Was it the competition where you couldn't work for Prince? 'cause it Mike had his people. Prince had his people. How serious was that competition? No, because we hear stories all the time. Mike definitely stopped me from working with a lot of people at that time.


Like who? Just a lot of artists. A lot of artists was calling me to work at that time. And Mike was just like, I'll pay you not to work with them. That's crazy. Yeah. She was like, he was like, I don I need you. And it wasn't a thing. It wasn't a thing of I'll pay you not to work with them 'cause they're not good or anything like that. It was more so I need you here. Yeah. Focused on locked in on what we're doing. You know how we always hear the conspiracy theory is like, you know, they'd be like, oh, bill Cosby was trying to buy NBC. Michael's the only person I believe they really, really tried to the railroad like that because of what he did with the, the publishing in the music industry. He talked About it all the time. Mm. He talked about it all the time. One thing I will say is that in the studio, he would always talk about how he, he lived in a certain fear And I used to always try to reel him in a direction.


Like, yo, you only supposed to fear God, man can't, no shouldn't have you feeling like that. No man should have you living in that space. But he lived in that space a lot 'cause he felt like he had something that was so valuable, which he did. He had something so valued that people wanted, he Owned like half half of Sony ATV's publishing. Right. Yeah. I think what people have have confused, I'm glad you said it that way 'cause I think people have confused the narrative. People for so long have said Michael owned the Beatles catalog. I've heard that. Oh, Michael owned Sony. A TV. That's right. Wow. Which is Babyface Mariah, the Beatles. Beyonce. Beyonce. Probably some of my catalog was in there.


The music industry. Yes. Like Emini here it's, it's, you've got three giants. Right. At the time you had three giants and Sony was pretty much the biggest out three at that time. And they did a deal with him that, you know, forever. He felt that they wanted back. Mm Mm You know what I'm saying? And you, You think they threw all those cases at Michael because they wanted it back? I think it could have had something to do with it. I'm not gonna say exactly that, but it could have had something to do with it. But I believe none of it. 'cause I was around Mike all the time And I knew the kind of person he was. So I'm like, they really trying to kill his character. Yeah. I don't believe that. And he would say it like, he'd be like, they just don't, they just, they just can't stand that I'm the greatest. He would literally say that.


He would literally say that. He just can't stand that I'm the greatest. How was his mind framed during that time? Did he feel like the culture, especially black people, supported him and loved him? Or did he feel like The World was turning against him Now? I, I would say we started to surround him with that. Like if you look, there was a period where I think he didn't feel that. And I felt like he was like, I need this. Right. So there were certain people that he started to reach out to to put their arms around him. And he started to feel that that's why he would do it a summer jam with Jay-Z. It was really like, he knew like, I need people to have my back of this. And then certain people did wrap their arms around him. Yeah. And as things progressed, the one thing I can tell you about Michael that I started to learn was his family was strong.


Like his family. Like when they got together and wore all that white, they were wearing those white going into court each day. You saw that unity in a different type of light. You like, oh yo, these Jacksons, they not playing around with this. They unified. And I think that helped him even though he was like probably going through a mentally weak and all of that. And it's tough when, you know, you pretty much own something that everybody wants. Yeah. Damn man. So after all that, John, Keith, what you got going on over here? S that, that's crazy. I ain't even ready to get to you yet. Go ahead. Ahead. Nah, I'm saying I got, we gonna get to you, but you know, you gotta sit here and listen because we ain't up interview.


Right. I I prefer that t wanna I don't wanna go after Michael. That's crazy. I got you. Now you, you also Helped shape the sound of, of early Destiny's Child. Yeah. Did you see Beyonce becoming to Beyonce? We now know Yeah. Back then. Yeah. A hundred percent from the first session. Say my name was our first session and then, you know, we worked together again. And when I got to Deja vu with her and Jay, that's when I really knew I saw the difference. Right. Because in the group, in the group format, she still was in the group. So she might have been like somewhat, you know, if you really look at Destiny haw as the group, they never really showed her as the leader. You know, how you in certain groups and you know, like that's the, that's the leader.


No, they, they was kind of trying to position them somewhat like a boys men where they all could do their thing. Yeah. But we saw the leadership qualities when we worked with her. Right. But when I got to deja vu, bro, I remember playing her the demo, the deja vu for the first time when the song went off, she was already telling me her visual for the visuals. Wow. So she was like, this is how I see it, da da da. I'm gonna put Jay on it. Like she was telling, I was like, nah, this is, she remind me of so much of Michael was scary. Like at that time I was like, yo, she just came, she just came into her own like Mike. Like she's now, you know, I could just see the elevation of of of that, you know what Emini here, like really quickly I wanted to ask, you know, outta all, besides Whitney and Michael Jackson, who is one of your best artists to work with.


Like the timing, the fact that they're there all the time, they're gonna grind it out. They're amazing. And vocalists, who is that next person? Of course besides Beyonce? Probably, probably Brandy. I would, I would think Why You say that now? That's my Girl. Yeah. Like take us into a session with Brandy. Yeah. It was just like it. Well with Brandy it was, it was, it was the regiment that she had that was interesting. Right. Especially when I was doing, never seen never, but Full Moon. Especially like she was playing tennis with Serena Williams before the session every day. Right. Which was interesting. Sounds crazy. You got so many stories. Got Yeah. She was practicing with Serena every day. And she would come in the studio, shout out to my man Paris Davis because he was the a and r, like a real a and r cat.


Right. And he had her, he was the one that said, you need to be playing tennis. So he had her doing, had her playing tennis early in the morning, come in the studio. And John can tell you as a artist nowadays artists can do a song in one day. They done in and out few hours it is done. We was doing songs. It was taking us three, four days. We really working on backgrounds just on one day. I remember times when people, a lot of artists would actually be like, yo, Rodney, please let me, I'm tired. But I'm like, we ain't done like it's not right yet until we get this thing right. We not done. Brandy was one of those artists that would go the full length and not complain about it.


Mike would even sometimes complain, like, Ryan, I'm getting hoarse. Like his vocal coach would call me. Seth Ribs would call me like, you are working. You're working 'em too hard, Ryan, you working too hard. And I'm like, yo, we're working on music. We're working on a song, bro. Like, it's what we do. How does That affect you now with, with these new artists? Right. Because they not staying in the studio that long Hour two. So how do you still have that same conversation with a new artist and say, nah, I need you to come back. I need you to stay longer. It's not happening. It ain't Happening. And then like you said, you'll be like, you used to be like, look, we not done so and your artists stay there 'cause they know the work and dedication is gonna make for great music. Yeah. You tell one of these, you know, new artists that they don't Even know. It's like they don't even know what, they don't even know what an eight to 10 hour, 12 hour. There was times, you know, me personally, I stay in the studio.


People know like, I wouldn't leave. Yeah. I'd be there two, three days straight. People, like after three, four hours, they kind of like, yo, it's time to go. The music is worse. I'm like, yo, that's not even like a nine to five though. Yeah. Like, you like, think about it, like if you was working, like, you're not even giving your four, nine to five right now. So I don't know when that, that, that, that shift happened. Exactly. I think like maybe hip hop calls it. Mm. You know what Emini here, or maybe when we hear stories of like when Lil Wayne says, yo, I'm, I'm working on this album from the hotel. It may have created a narrative like, yo, I don't need to go in the studio in the booth anymore. Mm. I could just do like, he did a record right out of his car that's fire. Like they, you know, maybe that's what happened.


Like something, something had to shift. Technology. Technology. So, so what does it take to build a superstar in today's game when the attention span is so short and most of these guys and girls already think they're a brand? I Try to encourage, you know, I try to encourage artists to do what I was taught And I study, like study everybody before you, like know the errors in of music and go deep into it. Understanding what it takes to be great. Right. It's not just like, I got a song that's that's dope and it's popping, or I'm gonna do this TikTok video, da da da. Like that's gonna come. It's going to go. But if you really study and understand like there's a reason why a Michael was a Michael because he looked at Jackie Wilson and James Brown and he was like, okay, I'm gonna add that to my repertoire.


Right. And I'm gonna, I'm gonna learn how to do what they do and take it to the next level nowadays. Like I think artists are looking at each other around and saying, yo, I got something hotter than that. Or I need to get a feature. Like, instead of really going back and being like, yo, I wanna know why this person sold 60 million. Like why would Thriller sell 60 million albums? There's a reason it was great. Yeah. A hundred million. The quality is a hundred now, right? Yes. 40. You know that, that's crazy when you think about it like LA like when we was talking about it, it was at 60 and that was like 15 years ago. Now it's at a hundred. But the reason why is because you had these geniuses, right?


Not just Quincy and Mike Bruce, sweetie on the mixing the best musicians in The World. Like they cared. It wasn't about, let me just get my homie to play guitar on this part right here. Nah, I need David Williams to play. I need the best. Like you gotta be, he gotta be close to Prince to play on this song. And that's what we missing. So who Are you studying Mr. Keith, Man, you know what I'm saying now, you know what I'm saying? After linking up with Rodney, it's kind of like where I really started my, my study journey. You know what I'm saying? So like, I just, I just texted him the other day. I was like, Hey man, what are the best what Michael Jackson documentaries? You know what I'm saying? He was like the one I'm in.


But you know what I'm saying? Yeah, of course. You know what I'm saying? I, I've been, you know what I'm saying? I've been, I've been looking at the Beatles, I've been looking at Michael Jackson recently. A lot of, because of what, you know what I'm saying? He talks about with his, like his competitive spirit and like his drive to just be great, you know? And so yeah. Emini here. That's what, that's kind of where I've been recently. Yeah. Where you from? I'm from San Diego. San Diego, yeah. California. Yeah. Are are labels still investing in artist development the way they used to? Or is that like the responsibility of people like you now Rodney as a producer or like the, the, the manager Labels don't do that. Alright.


Like they, I I, I don't even know the last time I really had a real a and r conversation with a label. Like a real, like, you know, back in the day the ARS get involved and really help shape what it's gonna look like nowadays. There's this like digital research. Well Yeah, they chasing numbers now. Yeah. Like The numbers. Numbers. It's the numbers. And, and, and by the way, we can't blame the ars. So let's, let's put it this out. There can, no, you can't. 'cause everything starts with the top down. You're going from the top. So it's whatever the mandate of the top is telling you. The mandate is. We don't need 17 creative ARS anymore. And I remember when I worked at Def Jam with, with under J and la, there was 17 ars in the room, right? Creatives.


The, that the top says now the top says we don't need 17 in room, we need, we need 10 digital researchers. But then you look at a label like TDE who is basically an a R that's independent. What is the digital Researcher? That's the difference. Just searching numbers. That's the difference. That's independent. Right? The independent labels all day long. We going to do that for him, for our artists. Right. But those major labels, that's why they do deals with the TD. Right? Because they're doing the annual. They Like, yo, you guys do that. We don't you guys do that. We just, only thing we really care about is those numbers. But market share is the key, right. To these, to the major labels. But Then you look at what Timberland did, do you agree with Timberland did said he's signing his first AI artist, which is a fake artist.


He's basically making a beat. Do you agree with that? 'cause that takes away from the creative process that that takes away from what he's doing. You don't, you don't because you can make him, You don't think Timberland has to be creative to do that? Yeah, absolutely. A hundred percent. He has to be creative to do that. Right. If, if I think we getting to the point where the music industry's becoming funny, right? Remember Kanye did a song and he was talking about like poop pooping or whatever. One of the best beats ever Though. What he was basically saying, what he scoop, what he was basically saying was like, I could say anything and y'all fools is gonna buy it because y'all, y'all, this is where we at. Right. It's the top 20 record by the way too. Yep. Crazy. There You go. I didn't play it one time.


That's where we at though. Like, but I think, I think what Tim is doing with the AI thing is like he's figured out a tool. It's a tool, right? He's figured out. I think people are scared. They're scared to death of ai. Like it's gonna replace humans. Oh, it's not. 'cause you still have to control it. You still have to be the one to prompt do the prompts. That's what I, it's still, it's still an form. I can't just, it's not just waking up like I'm new Charlamagne, I'm ai. Yeah. It's not that. It's not that. You have to literally, you have to be almost a, you have to be an incredible prompter to be able to, to make it do some, some incredible things. But somebody would Say, if you put all that effort into ai, why not put it into an artist? An artist.


Artists sometimes talk back, Dang, damn, Damn, damn. Listen, listen John. But that's been the backlash though, that, listen, I saw an artist say exactly what you just said. They said they don't want us talking back anymore. Listen, Damn, listen somebody, listen, I talked to Timberland in depth about this. I'm, I, I can't wait to see what he does with this. Right? But Timberland's a genius. He's a genius. So I can't wait to see what does, but I think a lot of times, like, I think he's at a place in his life where he's just like, yo, I need to be just doing what I feel I want to do differently. I don't know if I want to, I don't know if I got the energy to be dealing with some of the stuff that I've been dealing with. It's true. You know, and the labels and all that.


I just, you know, I'm gonna just do this and I'm gonna tell this thing exactly what I need to do. And whatever it does, it does. If it wins, it wins. If it don't, it don't, he don't, I don't think he's caring like that. Well, it's Hard. It is hard to make a hit regardless. Right. And I, it's gonna be even harder when people know it's coming from ai because the consumer is already gonna put a field, a force field up to reject it. They're not gonna even want to consume it properly because it's ai. They're not even gonna give it a, a honest ear. Because I feel like He shouldn't have said nothing there. I feel like he should have just put it out. Go. Yeah. I, I I I I'm a hundred percent in agreement. Like sometimes the Bible says, don't let your left hand know what your right hand is doing. Sometimes you just gotta go. Yeah. Let people hear it. Then they'd be like, oh, that was dope. Then after the fact you're like, oh shit, I ain't know that was ai.


Right. Do you think timeless music can still break through in this world that rewards the microwave success and the the algorithm wins? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I think when people really, when you really put your heart into something, there's still a thing. I still believe that there's people that relate and it is relatable content, relatable subjects, relatable things that we, we go through on a daily basis. And when you put your heart into it, I think there's people waiting for that. I just think that we've been, we've been part of the problem of not giving it anymore. Mm. Right. Us producers. The labels you need, you need the independent labels to now stand up to be able to give that. So if a young producer came to you right now and they was like, yo, how did I create my own brand?


How did I create my own Beyonce in this era? Is, is there a blueprint for that? Didn't, like, didn't, didn't Jay-Z say like, if you made a made, made a make another hole. Yeah. Ain't no, ain't no blueprint. Right. You just gotta work hard and put the effort. If that's something that you really want to try to do. I just think, again, it goes back to you gotta study the craft, right? And, and, and, and go hard and see what you can come up with and, and, and be patient. Because I think the thing is, everybody wants the to quit the quick thing right now. Tomorrow we gotta be this tomorrow. Now like some stuff takes 2, 3, 4 years. You gotta be patient.


You know what's, Now we got, remember back in the day you used to be able to buy like albums and everything like that. Now everything is new. Like with technology, we got streaming now how does that affect songwriting and like splits for songwriters, terrible and producers and everything. Terrible. Damn terrible. On the songwriting side, there's two components, right? You have the master side, which is great. Then you have the publishing side. On the streaming side. It is terrible. It's, listen, I'm a advocate against what's going on. There's no reason why if I got a record and it does a billion streams And I have the publishing on it, I should be able to buy a house from that.


Yeah. Wouldn't you think so? Yeah. Yeah. A billion streams. I couldn't even probably pay too much of an apartment. It's Crazy. Off A billion Streams. Off a billion streams with publishing. That's facts. It's so lopsided. That's why I believe, I still believe in radio. I tell him in a heartbeat, like, yo, he got a song at like number 24. Me mainstream right now. Yeah. And I'm like, yo, bro, don't just run away from that. Like, that's, that's, you gonna reap, reap those benefits real soon. Seeing those roll radios way bigger. Yeah. Yeah. You gonna be like, dang, I didn't realize, like, I've seen people like literally myself, make a living off of Radio Royal. I'm like, man, it's like the streaming world.


It's like night and day. But somewhere along the line people don't, I don't know where the disconnect is, but radio royalties pay way more than screaming ever could ever. So I don't understand why you're not telling your artists make records for radio. I say it because I believe that it's still a road to discovery. So no matter what, like, yo, you make a hot record. Yeah, of course. These, the young, this generation is going to Spotify and Apple Music and seeing the streams and getting excited. Right. And it's great, but at the same time you got mouths to feed. Yeah. You got, you know, and so don't just, oh, I ain't doing this for radio. No. Come on. So that's why you feel like songwriters, like a money Long and a Neo, they keep songs for they self, you know what, Emini here, because they not making no money writing, you know, for these new artists.


So that's probably, I Def yeah, definitely. Did you feel disrespected when you heard Jess H's rendition of the Boy's Mind? No, the job is mine. Nah. Jesse and Lauren, thank You Jesse and Lauren, when they did the, the rendition of the job is mine. You Nah, I was messing. I thought it was, I thought it was hilarious. No part. But I thought it was hilarious. Yeah. Thank God we need little more. All all the tools was set wrong. Next. How next time I call the producer, I get you straight. I'll get you straight next time. Alright, thank you. What was the one record that you were surprised Took off the way that it was? It, it, it, it, it might have been that one. The Boy's mine. Yeah. Because we were going through this battle when we did, when I was doing the Never see, never project.


You understand? I was a kid, bro. Yeah. So there was, there Was some people that,


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like your at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting bows and massaging leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey, good drivers. Yeah, we're talking to you. The ones who don't speed, the ones who avoid those fender benders and who always use their turn signal. Congratulations. You are a better driver and that means you could get better rates with Route insurance. It's time to stop paying for other people's bad driving habits. You know, like the ones who cut you off just to slam on their brakes or the lead foot speeding to work every day with Route Insurance, you'll get a quote based primarily on your driving. Just download the Route app, drive around like you normally would for a couple of weeks and boom, you'll get a quote that actually makes sense. It's that easy route because better drivers deserve better rates. Download the Route app today and see how much you could save. That's Route Insurance Terms and conditions apply subject to underwriting review. See route.com for tells


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. That means when you buy a Toyota, you can feel confident that your investment will last. Toyota has dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, including the 2025 Tacoma Tundra. And for runner, the plugin hybrid RAV4 and even the hot news Supra, these five models rank in the top 10 for resale value of all vehicles according to Kelley Blue books kbb.com and have a retained value after five years that is thousands higher than the average vehicle. So after countless carpools road trips and off-road adventures, your Toyota will still have plenty to give both on the road and towards your wallet. Shop. Buy a toyota.com for a great deal on the vehicle that's right for you today and tomorrow. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's Go places.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy Covering more rural markets than many large banks. And nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income census tracks also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the bank of doing Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do Wells Fargo Bank, NA member FDIC


Didn't believe that I should do the whole album executive produced the whole album. And I'm in there and I'm like, and I'm, I'm young, but I'm super confident like y'all are tripping. Like this is fire. And they was telling me, this is crazy. They were telling me at the end of the project, they were like, so yeah, we gotta go fly down Atlanta to work with JD to get a single, we gotta go then we're gonna do clef to get a single. And I was like, in the studio, you kind of feel disrespected, especially when you've done like nine songs. You're trying to tell me, we just did nine songs and then, and you telling me I don't got the first single and this is my body of work that I'm putting my in. I don't got the first single, I swear on everything I left, I packed my bags up and went home from la I went back to, went back to Jersey And I said, y'all figure it out.


Damn. And then they called back and was like, oh, wait, wait, wait, wait. Yeah. I was like, y'all a trip. We got singles left and right. Just put them things out. Wait, what had you, the nine you recorded already, what were some of the ones you recorded already? Top of The World with Mace? Yes. Oh wow. Okay. The Boys Mind. Oh, which was early, early on in the Project Emini here we had Angel in the Sky. We had did, I had did pretty much everything. How did the Boy's mind, was that your idea and how did that come about? How did you get the together? The boy, the Boy's Mind's funny. I was just again, at my dad's at my dad's house And I was like playing this harp sound And I, I I was like, again, it goes back to studying, right? Nobody used a harp sound in urban music for own, but when they used, they used it one way.


Chucky Thompson and different producers like Dave Hall back in the day and the Untouchables, they used a harp sound like it is called gliss. Like it would come down like a GLIs. I heard it And I, I liked the sound of it. I was like, what if I made like, rhythmic And I broke it up, like broke it into rhythm. So I just started doing it and my dad came down with a little tape record. He used to always have a little tape record be like, that's incredible. You gotta, you gotta lay that. And then I laid it down in Paris Davis Brandy's a and r he heard, and we did it on, we, we recorded it on Brandy. And he was like, yo, what if we put Monica on this? And I, you know, at that time, Monica and Brandy, they all kind of didn't like each other. Right. It was definitely kind of, it was definitely a few between the two. And I was like, oh, that's never gonna happen.


Knowing Brandy and knowing that's never gonna happen. He's like, nah, I think it could happen. Like if I get you on the phone with Dallas, Austin and, and if, And I was like, all right. And then next thing you know, it started to shape. And even when it came out, here's the thing, I wasn't surprised that it, that it was going to do well. I didn't know it was gonna stay number one for that long. It's like 13, 14 weeks number one. Mm. Like we did 16 million albums sold on that project. Damn. Wow. So like those type of things for my first, my second album was I did Genina to, but my second album that I produced executive producer to do those numbers was kind of Crazy. You know what's crazy back then, right? Like nowadays people manufacture the drama, didn't try to do the music with that record.


It was the song, the music. And then people started speculating about the drama after the fact. Like, is there really a boy that they arguing over? We know that they got beef with each other. So that's, and plus the video Emini here, the Fact you think about them doing a tour, right? They about to do a tour together talking about like this, why did they do a tour together 15 years ago? Right. You know what Emini here like, but you know, it's time of everything where I get it. But like, dang, like, man, imagine them doing the tour together 15 years. That would've been crazy. It would've been like badies before Badies. But this's gonna be crazy though. They didn't get along Funny. What made you and Brandy chemistry work so well? I think, I think my, my musicality. So what I, what I did with Brandy, I would make Brandy match whatever I played.


I don't know if that makes sense. Right. If I played a, if I played a sound, I wanted her to become the sound that I played. Mm. So I would tell her I would like, you are the strings now. Like, I'm gonna play the strings, but I need you to be the string. And she did it incredibly well. Like, no, I feel like she, when she cut her vocals, like she was the warmth that come up her vo is just different. Her tone, her tone bar none is probably the best tone we've probably have ever heard in the, in the longest time. Right. I always say, like, for me it's, it's Jasmine Sullivan and Brandy, like those tones, those warm tones. Wow. And yeah, and it just, and it just like, you know, I feel like, you know, within the first hour of a session, whether it's going to go right or it's gonna go left.


And when we got in, it just, you just knew like we, we did five songs in the first five days, the first five songs on. Never Seen Nothing We did in the first five days. Wow. Yeah. Anybody you ever worked with in the studio, you've been in there for a hour and it didn't go right and you was like, eh, That happens. Woo. You Looking for something? Woohoo. I, I just wanted To know, you know, it happens. All right. It does, it happens all the time. Like, you know, you know, like, you going, like, I'll finish this session, but I'll be like, man, I wish it could have went better. Like, I know like out the gate, like it was just cool. It was, it was art. It wasn't, you know, it could have went better. And sometimes I'll be like, I I I would like to do a re-up on that. You know? 'cause some, a lot of it's psychology, like when you're working with people, you gotta kind of understand like, and, and also timing.


Like imagine you working with somebody, but that ain't the best day to work with them. Right? Yeah. Yeah. And you got 'em that day and back in the day it was really tough for us. Right. Because sometimes, like when I did say my name for example, say my name with De Chao, I only had them for a day. Wow. So it was like one of those things where you got, you know, you got Destiny Child for a day or you got Kirk Franklin for a day. Like, I'm like, alright, I gotta go And I gotta show up and show out in one day. Right. And you don't know what you going to get. Yeah. Was there ever an artist you worked with who completely surprised you in the booth? Like somebody whose talent just hit different when they got on the mic? I think, I think, I think scissors is underestimated. Mm. Like, like I think sometimes like artists will vocalize based on what's hot, on what's going on.


When there's so much more there. It just not giving it because they don't have to. Right. I think there's a lot more there. Yeah. Like a lot, A lot of times, A lot of times I'll be, when I work for Sizzle, a lot of times I actually would get some brandy out of it. I'd be like, dang, it's kind of getting me like look like some of the, some of the stuff she done, like something brand might've would've done. But then like her runs Yeah. Just certain little things, just little nuances that I'm like, oh, that's something. But I don't know that she fully even yet knows that she can even go somewhere else. Right. You feel like she is just one of those people that the more she does the work personally, like to improve her mental and emotional wellbeing is going to translate to the music.


And, and, and the question is like, well, at least for me, this is what I believe. I just believe that don't happen unless you find God. I believe there's no, there ain't, I don't, I I believe there's only is, is, is is is real simple. Unless, And I'm not saying she don't know God or had an experience with God, so don't, don't get that part twisted. But I believe like, in order for us to mentally be at our best state is when we know God. Right. Right. Because the Bible says that he not the author of confusion. So, and you gotta have a sober mind. Right. Your mind gotta be on point. And that only comes from an under a real understanding, a real relationship.


I think people have twisted the narrative too much of religious, oh, that's religion. What? That ain't got nothing to do with nothing. Yeah. It's relationship. Like, what's your relationship like? I have a great relationship with my four kids. Right. I got two boys, two girls. I have a great relationship. I'm their father. I have a father, a heavenly father I have a great relationship with. It ain't religious. It's just like I know how to talk to him And I hear him speak to me as simple as that. Mm. So I feel like when you, when you have that relationship, it, it creates clear path for the things that you create and, and the things that you want to do.


Mm. At one time I feel like maybe it's just me. Do you feel like you were oversaturated at one point? A hundred percent. Like it was just so much you were doing remixes. I burned myself now jumping to hip hop, RB and then just myself out stopped. It just felt like it stopped. Yeah. What happened during that time? The Was when I stopped. So what happened during that time? I can tell you when it happened. It was after Michael too. Like, I needed a break before Michael. I was just talking about this like, it was, it was a moment where like the phone is ringing and everybody's calling you and you've made it, but you're trying to please everybody. The industry's like knocking at the door. We got this for, we got that. We do this remix. Can you be, and you're just like, you me, I'm so creative.


I I could do nine, 10 tracks in a day. Like, it's easy for me. So it became like, oh, I could Yeah. Put me in the studio song. So I got that. I got that. So 365 days out the year I'm, I'm in a lab. Right. My catalog is thick. Yeah. Like people don't even understand. Like, we talk about songs that come out, but nobody understands the songs that no one's ever heard the unreleased gems. Right. The underground versus the crazy. Yes. People understand like all of that. Right. And then it comes a point where it's like, like what he just said, like mentally you start feeling like you have nothing left. And that's when you have to figure out, okay, what am I going to do?


And there's this knock and it's not me knocking, it's God knocking. Like you're giving too much of your attention to everybody else. You put too much into this industry and not into me. And God showed me. Yeah, God showed me at an early age that man will always let you down. But he never leaves us. He never fora. He's always knocking. Even when we go astray, even when I always try to put things in analogy of my kids. Even my, when I tell my kids don't go over there, but they still do it. Right. It doesn't mean I'm not chasing him. I'm still going to get him.


That's how he is with us. Like, yeah, I see you over there, you doing that, but I got something bigger for you. You burnt yourself out 'cause you don't want to, you don't want to listen to me. I could show you how to do things with balance. Knock on the door, come and get me. And then I have to submit to it. And then when I submit to it, I see my life change in a whole different way. And now, now my creative, my creativity's on a different level. It's beyond music. Music is just a little small. That was just a little small piece of everything. But it showed me something way greater through my, through my family. Did Did, did the deaths of Michael Jackson and Whitney Houston, did that bring you closer to God as well?


Yeah. I, I, I was really, technically, I was kind of really more hurt when Biggie passed. Wow. I, I remember being, I remember being in, in LA when that happened And I, And I was like, I gotta go home, man. Like this. This is just too much. Yeah. Like this industry I think creates that sometime. Mm. The pressure of the industry, the pre like yo us people, the biggest problem that we have in this music industry is one of the toughest sins. It's called vanity. I remember one time, right. I'm a big guy. I remember one time I was like, get myself together. Right. And I'm working hard two, I think it's like 2016 Emini here.


I'm running the mountains, I'm doing everything. I'm dropping. And I remember I'm on FaceTime. I hit Mike Tyson one time with one of my best friends. And I said, yeah. Like, yo, he seen me that he like, but don't get it twisted brother. So he said, don't get it twisted, bro. I said, what? He's like, vanity will kill you. He told me that. And the thing hit me so hard 'cause I was like, yo, that's what our industry's built on everybody that does what they do. All these pictures on the wall, they smiling a lot of these pictures. But when they go home, they crying. They go home, they lonely, they go home. They looking at the wall and like, listen, they stressed out because they had to put the thing on the mask.


They had to put it on. You know. And that's why we, at least I tell people, listen, let's stop playing around with this now. Like, we've been here long enough. And I say that to y'all. Y'all been here long enough. Y'all know what it is to get up early in the morning, come to work, do what you gotta do, da da da da. Right. Can't tell me that it's, it's, it ain't no pressure in it that it's just easy. I'm just gonna wake up and do my thing. No. So I tell people like, yo, what's your relationship like with God? Not no religious stuff. What's your relationship like? 'cause if you not tapped in, tapped in, you're not living your best. You can lie. Put the smile on it back. Living my best life. No you're not. If you're not really tapped in. If you don't know what's to come to, to tomorrow.


Proverbs says this. It says, don't boast about what you got today. 'cause you don't know what's to come tomorrow. Facts. That's the vanity part. Yo, I'm killing it right now. Da. How many times we heard that And then the next day he like, where'd they go? Where's the song? What happened? Puff puffing our chest out. God don't want that. He wants us actually to be humble. Right. Y'all got the pride month thing happened. Right. Well really, if you wanna get technical, the Bible say pride comes before the fall. Mm. So if we poke, if we poke, if we puff out with pride too much, we bound to fall. And how many times you seen somebody puff their chest out And then what happens?


Y'all seen it right now? Real time. Literally real time. So we, you know, I think there's rules. There's there's rules that God wanted to establish as a father to his children. That's what I believe. Just the same way you would to your children. And those rules we sometimes look at like, I ain't doing that. That's too, you got too many laws. You got Why? Why is there so many rules? 'cause you know how he's gonna act. Have You ever thought like, you know, I want to change my name to the light child. Maybe. No. Yo, I wrestl with that. Not light child. Not light child. Not light child. It's not dark, not light child. But you know what, 'cause I never, I never call myself dark child based on dark.


Like that. That wasn't the intentions. Right. It was some people thought it was 'cause I was dark skinned. Me. I knew it. Where it came from came from the chords that I used to play as a kid. These minor chords. But it's funny, sometimes I, sometimes I sit And I wrestle with them. I'm like, yo, like, is that, do people, will they see that in the, in the wrong light, in the wrong way? You know? And I do, I wrestle with that sometimes. Can can you work with an artist if you don't see God in them Right now? It's different for me. Yeah. There was a time where like, I would've been straddling that fence over and over again. 'cause I didn't look at, I didn't look at it for what it was. And I think over the last two years there's been a new birth that happened.


Like, I get it now. I get it now. When Jesus told Nicodemus, he said, you gotta be born again. I get it now. Hmm. Like, and even Nicodemus is like, what? Born again. What you mean by that? What you mean? Like the wound born? I, how does that happen? No, like, born again in your spirit. Like you have to be born again. And so there's a lot of times people will call me all the time, yo, I want you, I just got, I could show you. I just got a call to get in the studio with a, with an artists. And I was like, nah, I can't do that. I can't do that. Why? It's just, it's not, not why your, why I'm at your, your spirit don't align with you. Now what I can do and what I will continue to do is speak what I believe is true.


So I had a artist one time, I had someone call me recently about an artist coming to my studio. And I said, or when they leave Emini here, when I, if I do a record with them, it might not be the record they expect to do. And they're like, what? I was like, yeah. Like it's real over here. And I said, they would say, well how real is it? I said, well, every two weeks we do a thing called Worship Alive at my studio where we have kind of church in the studio. And I You you experienced it. Yep. And they like, you do that. I'm like, yeah. Like it's really real. Like, I want, I want to see people changed. And you can't see people change unless you change. And I'm a work in progress.


I'm a work in progress. You all are absolutely. You all are. Right. We all a work in progress. We sin daily. So, you know, so, but I do, I believe that there's, I believe there's, there's hope for people. I believe I, I want see, I wanna see people's relationships formed with their father. With their creator. So are are you a a I guess a a faithful artist? Because I know you, the Alien's Alive is a faith label. Yeah. So I'm, I'm a Christian artist. Emini here. I I was raised in a church, you know what I'm saying? My, my, my father is, he's a pastor now, but, you know, that's kind of new. But he's, he's always been in some kind of leadership in the church. But even like, you know, for me, like I only, I got, I got no hobbies. I do music and I'm a like, I'm a Bible nerd.


That's it. I don't, I don't, I don't do sports. I don't do, I don't do video games. Like, that's it. You know what I'm saying? So yeah. Proudly, proudly a Christian artist, My man. What did you see in, What did you see in John that said, I wanna work with him? I Think he wanted to kill himself. And when you get to a vulnerable state in your music, sometimes people, it goes over people's heads. And when I heard some of the things that he was saying, I was like, whoa. Like he's special. Like this, this, this dude right here is special. Special. He just needs the right team with him. Mm. And and he keeps getting better.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels. Thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


We get it. There are too many car insurance companies trying to convince you that they have the best car insurance rates. We don't think we need to convince you we're root and we do car insurance differently. We don't think it makes sense to only base your car insurance rate on things that have nothing to do with your driving, like your occupation or education. When you take the test drive using the Route app, we price your car insurance rate primarily on how you drive. It's that easy. Just download the Route app, drive around like you normally would for a couple of weeks and get a quote based primarily on how you actually drive. Good drivers could save up to $900 a year when they switch to route. We're taking an old industry and making it fair route insurance because better drivers deserve better rates. Download the app today and see how much you could save terms and conditions. Apply subject to underwriting review. See route.com for the tells.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue Books kbb.com. That means when you buy a Toyota, you can feel confident that your investment will last. Toyota has dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, including the 2025 Tacoma Tundra and four Runner, the plugin hybrid RAV4, and even the hot new sra. These five models rank in the top 10 for resale value of all vehicles according to kelley bluebooks kbb.com. And have a retained value after five years that is thousands higher than the average vehicle. So after countless carpools road trips and off-road adventures, your Toyota will still have plenty to give both on the road and towards your wallet shop. Buy a toyota.com for a great deal on the vehicle that's right for you today and tomorrow. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelly Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota Let's go places.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the bank of doing Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company. Wells Fargo Bank, NA and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


He's not just a, he's not just a a a rapper, a singer like he musician does all his music produces everyth the whole nine. Like he's a beast. But I, but I, I knew, I heard his heart and his music And I heard something that could, that was, that could penetrate the youth differently. 'cause I believe people go through things and they just don't talk about it. And here's my question, right? I got a question, right? Why is it so quick? Like, when you think, when we think about radio, why is it so quick that we are so quick to play music from people who play their experiences or what they go through, what their lifestyle is. But when someone on the face side, it's hard to play that.


Why is that? What, what's, what's, what's the factor of it, right? So 'cause 'cause people used to say, oh yeah, well that's cheesy. That's what they, or that's corny, right? And I'm like, well then I'm gonna be the difference maker in that and I'm gonna find some artists that ain't corny that y'all can bob your heads too, still listen to still groove to da da da da. But they got a message with it, right? So then when I, when I came across, I was like, he's one of them ones he's keeping, he's telling you his story, telling you what he's going through. He's telling you that what he was literally about to do his life and where the change came, it didn't, it didn't come from just sitting down and, and getting some help from talking to somebody. It came from him, what he used to say, a Bible nerd digging deep into his word, right?


And so, and if that becomes the ultimate change, how, how can that help someone else Emini Here? But honestly, that's what we kind of grew up on. Like when you think about like the artists we grew up on, like, they were doing that. Like, it may have been in a street form or whatever you wanna call it, but if you're actually listening to the music, there's a lot of socially redeeming value in their music. But why don't they play it? Why don't they play the ones? So is it because they, because they edify Christ. Is that the reason why? And we are, we so lost? Are we so lost that when someone's, their, their reality is what his reality may be. What he feels Jesus did for him, right? And in redeeming his life.


If that's re if that's his reality and he's speaking on it, why can't we play that? Well, I think that if, if DJs and program directors, if they actually had their hearts open and not their pockets and not dealing with industry politics, they probably would accept more of that because there's plenty of it. Like, you know, you have the Rhapsody, you know, or you have the Kendrick's last album, Mr. Morale And the Big step like that was a incredible, Incredible testimony. We also, you got Lil Baby and Kirk Franklin, you got Gorilla And well really knew record Franklin. Franklin. And it was good seeing it at the BET awards where the gospel category had rappers doing gospel. But to His point, radio isn't playing that Stop, man. Nah, It's not, not, No, no, no, no. But what Emini here by stop, it's like, see I don't like that. I'm gonna tell you why I don like that of, because you can't go and do 90% of something and then say, okay, I'm gonna do 10% of this and then I'm gonna go win the awards with the 10% that I do.


When you got dudes doing it every single day, and it's their lie, it's their lifestyle. I don't disagree with that. But to your point where all works in progress, and what if that's God's way of saying, look, you doing all of this, but you don't get no rewards for it, but you did this record and you got rewarded for it. What if that makes that person more in that direction? Nah, God. It's like the medicine in the candy. You say, God, God ain't concerned about no rewards. You think He, you really think God is concerned about a, you think he's concerned about a songwriter's hall of fame for me, you really think that? Mm. Be honest. Or a trophy or something. Why do you think That? Because I think that you, you, you, it is your testimony, right? You've told us how you've opened up the God and you know you've given your life to God and you're continuing to be rewarded for it.


And I think that will make people be like, damn, I wanna do what he's doing. It's not just about beats, it's about the work he's done on himself spiritually. I'm glad you think that. I don't think that, and I'll tell you why. This is what I believe. When you play a basketball game, right, a team that's playing basketball, there's no reason to play on a team, let's say in any NBA team. There's no really reason to play unless the goal is to get to the finals. We've put too much on our finals being here on earth. If our finals was really predicated in which it really is on eternal, we would play the game differently.


Mm. I personally don't think that God is really concerned about the reward. I think he's concerned about the ultimate reward in heaven that he wants to give his children. In the book of James is talking, it talks about enduring right? We're all in this race, right. Trying to make it, trying to live our lives and do whatever. But this is not the ultimate ending. Like some people just think it ends and it's over. No, there's an eternal re He he, he promises it. So you show me where in his word, where he states that he states things that didn't happen.


What do you mean? You show me in the Bible where things that were talked about, right? That didn't happen. It happened. Like if they said it was going to be a storm. Oh yeah. It factually happened. If they said, I'm going to it factually had, there was people that don't. That literally, if you told me, if you talked about certain things right now, And I witnessed it And I can go back and write about it, like yes, all Emini here said that's what happened. Like people were like, John was sitting there, But that's like your dreams. Like God showed you Michael Jackson. Right? And you went to go work with Michael Jackson and you were rewarded for that. See, you got the reward wrong. No, you got a reward of a relationship with Michael. My reward.


Okay. My reward was when Michael called me to pray for him in 2003. I'm in the studio with Chris Tucker and my father. We at the studio, Michael was going through that trial and he said, where are you saying? He said, can you, can I come? I just need prayer. That's the reward. All the, the accolades, it just comes and all that. That's what The World sees. But now that I'm older and look back, I'm like, yo, the ultimate reward, and I'm blessed to have all these stories. Right? But the ultimate reward was the time that we prayed together. The ultimate reward is when I go to his funeral and Sandra Crouch and Seth Riggs, his vocal coach says, yeah, yeah, mic Michael received Christ two weeks ago.


He had us prayed. He did the sentence pray. That's the reward. That's what I'm trying to get everybody to understand. But you don't Get, I agree. I, I agree with everything you saying. That's the reward. But how do we know that God didn't connect you and Michael for that reason? He might have. That's what I'm saying. He might. And even now, God has expanded your territory so much that you are Rodney dark child, jerkins, your testimony hits different. My brother, when you are on the microphone telling people that they need to find God, and these are the reasons why their ears are open a little bit more Facts, But they, their ears are open because of the work that you did with everybody else. That's why you always say, we always talk about putting the, the medicine in the candy. Yeah. Mm. But let me do ask you, I Don I love debates about God, by the way. Yeah. Say what? I love debates about God. Well, Anytime I'll give you my number, we can, you know, we can hang in.


Absolutely. Did you say your Catalog, if you love it, that means you're being caught because ahead. Did you say Your catalog? Yeah. Several Christ Be several times Recently about cars. It's not about Several times. Did you sell your Catalog? No. The reason I ask is recently they said that you sold your catalog and why? You know, you talk about owning yourself, sold much several times. Several times. Why? Several times. 'cause I know things that they don't teach y'all. I know things that know that most people don't know. I know that there's a 35 year Copyright law, which after 35 years, what's mine comes back to me. I know that in any business, you're a business man.


In any business, you build an asset, right? And when you build an asset, when you get a multiple that you're satisfied with, you make that move and you take that and you invest in other things. Mm. Right? So where they've been getting people at for years is telling people wait until they're old and decrepit, until they sell their catalog. That's the wrong narrative. Right? They, they've done that to every, I know a, a friend of mine has sold his catalog several times and how he every, every time you get a three year NPS, which means good numbers, three years of good numbers, there's people that wanna buy that.


Right? So let me ask you a question. If it takes me 80 years, let's say, let's say I'm making a million dollars a year And I'm 20 years old, I'm making a million dollars a year. And you, and you give me, and you give me $80 million at 20 years old, it would, I would've been a hundred years old to get that 80 million. Mm. Damn. Hit me the 80 now. Right? I know what to do with that. I know what to invest in. Give me that now. So I tell people what the real is and what they should know and they should all like, and, and one thing that people don't really talk about is Copyright law.


A lot of people don't even understand that there is a us Copyright law. And every 35 years you have to do the work and put the the things in motion. But you get your copyrights back. Now all my artists that assigned to my label Emini here, they own their masters. You feel what I'm saying? Because I, And I want him to do the same. I want, I want to be able to tell him when it's time. Yo, it's time for you to let that go. Mm. Well why? Because you got a family and you got things that you want to do. And trust me, I've done this over and over again. You and, and, and what people don't realize is that a lot of times the press releases confuse people. Right. 'cause they'll say, oh, so and so sell Timberland sold us catalog so and so just to be so people ain't selling their whole catalogs, bro.


Mm. Like people, people not selling with everything. Sometimes you sell increments, little things here and there. Right. And you, and you, and you play the numbers game. You see what those multiples gonna look like. And if you, if you do the timing of everything, you say that, okay, well I'm gonna be 90, a hundred years old, I might be gone. I could do that. Put that into my children. Now. That's how, that's how, that's how I think. Did you give you 10% to the church? Come on man. Well, Rodney got, Rodney gotta go. He, he has, he has rehearsals. I don't even, that's a whole debate by the way. Now I'm with you. I'm with you. I don't feel like, God, I need no money. Yeah.


That's a whole thing. Well, can we, can we leave on a prayer? You got any last questions? Can we leave you on a prayer? No. If you might gonna pray, gonna be Let him pray. Let's let wait, wait. Hold on. Keep pray. I aint get warmed up. Oh, by the way, by the way. No, but listen, real, real quick though. My man, John Ke June 27th got his project coming out and I'm super excited about, about his project that coming. We gonna get a song on too. This morning I was listening to a lot of faith based artists, you know, miles Minnick? Yeah. They got a real album album with him. What? To my guy DJ had he put me on the miles a while ago? And I like, he ain't, and the funny thing, he didn't even tell me that Miles was a fate based artist. Yeah. He Just say, yo, listen to this. Yeah. Is, is a, a big advocate of just, you know what I'm saying, putting it in front because, you know, people got a, there's a stigma about Christian artists, you know what I'm saying?


That they're a certain way that they, they gotta sound a certain way. And so like when, when you, you hear people that sound like Miles or sound like me or sound like Indie Tribe or no big deal, whatever. You know what I'm saying? Like, they're like, oh wait, hold up. This is Christian. And it's like it Hard, bro. You hear from my label, you're like, dang, I ain't know it was like that. Because the thing is, it's like, you know what I'm saying? Those of us who do it well are not on a mission to make a genre of Christian music. Hmm. We're just making music and we're Christians, so we're not going to rap or sing about stuff that's not our life. You know what I'm saying? So like, but that's also why like, you know what he, what he said, like in my music, I'm always, I'm gonna tell you, I like, yeah.


I was struggling with, you know, the thoughts to, to take my life since I was 11 years old. I'm gonna talk about that. And it's not gonna be the happy rainbows and sunshine, yo. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? When you get life with Jesus, everything is just good. And it's like, nah, like let's talk about real life because people live real life and you know, they don't, they don't understand what, what, what life with Jesus is. Like, you know what I'm saying? So it's like we, we've, we fall in love. We, you know what I'm saying? We get angry. We know what I'm saying. Like there's a, there's all kinds of stuff that goes on and it's like, you know what I'm saying? If you making music that's Christian music and it's only worship, then it's like, well, if I'm, you know what I'm saying? If I'm, if I wanna listen to love songs, then I gotta go listen to the wildness.


Yeah. That's out there right now, you know, I'm saying debauchery or whatever because ain't no Love songs that like can still be about, you know what I'm saying? A person loving another person, but from a point of view, someone who, who understands that these things are echoes of God. You know? And so, yeah. You know what I'm saying? That's me. But yeah, Emini here, me and Miles just just did something and then, yeah. Congratulations. You got your own festival. Holy Smoke. Yeah. We got a, a festival. Holy Smoke. That's August 14th through 16th. It's in Nashville, Tennessee. Me and my brothers in Indie Tribe. No big deal. Mo Get Iceberg. Troy Desha. Mike LV was, It's an open invitation. Yeah.


On me. You have to experience it. 'cause then you, it will make you understand what it's all about. For real. I got, if y'all want to come, I got, got you. That's the Christian Weed. I will pay for y'all to come. You said What Christian? We Sound like that. It's like, you know how, you know How many people come to us. We did a year where like, you know, 'cause it, it is fully operated. It is fully artists owned and operated. Right, right. Nice. So it's us who do it and I'm, I'm in charge of the, the creative direction for it. And this year, or not this year, a couple years ago, we did like a whole like green like, kind of thing. You know what I'm saying? Like, that was like the colors for it. Somebody was like, wait, I thought y'all was Christian, y'all, this is, this is a, a weed fest. I was like, what is a weed fest?


Why does what does that even mean I don No, no, it's not. No, but you know what, what I'm saying, a lot of people have suggested that to us. We gonna go ahead and not do it. You know? I, Well, let's play a record, man. What you want to hear For me? Yeah. Oh man, I, I don't know what you, that's out. Whatever y'all want. Do You on the record? Record That's on the Charles put the record that's on the charge. All right. Okay. We can, that's the radio side. We we can do club. It. It's The song with him and Miles Minnick. Yeah. From the west in project called Club I to do it. We get into it now, but now we got close out with a prayer brother. Man. Hey, what's up? God not playing. Father, we thank you for this time.


Just, you know, being able to sit down and talk, talk about things that you know, concern you because it all concerns you Father. So we just thank you for that. We thank you for, you know, open hearts, just to ask that you would plant any seeds that, that you, you know, wanted to plant during this conversation and that yeah, he would just be present with us the rest of the day. Name of Jesus. Amen. Amen. Amen. Rodney Jerkins the legend, man. Congratulations again. Songwriters Hall of Fame. John Keith. Rodney Jerkins. Thank you. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025. According to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income. Census tracts also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do Wells Fargo Bank, NA member FDIC.


I'm Andrea Gunning, host of the podcast, betrayal Police. Lieutenant Joel Kern used his badge to fool everyone, most of all, his wife Caroline. He texted, I've ruined our lives. You're going to want to divorce me. How far would he go to cover up what he'd done? The Fact that you lied is absolutely horrific. And quite frankly, I question question, how many other women are out there that may bring forward allegations in the future? Listen to Betrayal on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Camp Shane, one of America's longest running weight loss camps for kids. Promised extraordinary results. But there were some dark truths behind Camp Shane's facade of happy, transformed children. Nothing about that camp was right. It was really actually like a horror movie. Enter Camp Shame, an eight part series examining the rise and fall of Camp Shane and the culture that fueled its decades long success. You can listen to all episodes of Camp Shame one week early and totally ad free on iHeart True Crime Plus. So don't wait. Head to Apple Podcasts and subscribe today. This is an iHeartPodcasts.