
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information


Happening now on the iHeart app. We're turning up the heat on all the smoke. As vice president and Democratic presidential nominee, Kamala Harris pulls up to the show. You do me great honor to be here. Thank you. Thank you. You know her as the trailblazer making history, but now she's ready to drop some knowledge and real talk about the 2024 race. How do you protect your mental space? Number one rule, don't read the comments Been nasty. This episode is going to hit different. Search all the smoke in the free iHeart Radio app and listen to this groundbreaking interview now.


My name is Brandon Kyle Goodman. I'm a black, gay, non-binary author TV writer, actor. And I'm messy, but not in the way you think. Messy as in I'm human and flawed. I'm on a mission to destroy shame around sex. And the only way to do that is to talk about sex. So that's what we'll do on my brand new podcast. Tell me something messy. Join me on Tell Me Something Messy. With brand new episodes every Thursday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Dene Cara Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was assassinated Crooks everywhere, unearths the plot to murder a one woman. WikiLeaks, she exposed the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafias state. Listen to Crooks everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts to listen to new episodes one week early and 100% ad free. Subscribe to the iHeart True Crime Plus channel available exclusively on apple Podcasts


In California during the summer of 1975. Within the span of 17 days and less than 90 miles, two women did something no other women had done before. Tried to assassinate the president of the United States. One was the protege of Charles Manson, 26-year-old Lynette Fromm, nicknamed Squeaky the other, a middle aged housewife working undercover for the FBI identified by police as Sarah Jean Moore, the story of One Strange and Violent Summer. This season on the new podcast, rip Current. Here are episodes of Rip Current early and completely ad free, and receive exclusive bonus content by subscribing to iHeart True Crime Plus only on apple Podcasts.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Jess, hilarious Charlamagne, the guy we are. The Breakfast Club. Jess is still on maternity leave. So Lauren Lar Rosa is filling in and we got a special guest in the building, her album, Sundays The legend, the Legendary album right now. Ladies and gentlemen, Yolanda Adams. Welcome. Thank y'all for having me. How You feeling this morning? Absolutely fantastic. Great. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. This is your 14th album. Yeah, this is my 14th Studio album. Four Studio album. What goes through your head when you hear that? Wow. Gratefulness, appreciation. That I'm still doing what I do and loving the fact that folks still want to hear what I'm doing and that it still inspires them and gets them going and keeps them lifted up.


You know. So yeah, that's how I feel. Do you remember putting out your first album and Absolutely. And how that felt and the fact, I don't know if the industry was ready for gospel music the way there was. Well, the industry wasn't ready for me because, because I wa You know. I wasn't like your typical gospel artist. I didn't look like everybody else. And You know folks kind of give me flack about that because I, I didn't grow up in a place where we couldn't wear makeup or we couldn't wear pants. You know in my house, it was cool to go to the skating rink with Jesus. So we went everywhere with God. And so there were some people who were like, well, you shouldn't wear that lipstick and you shouldn't do this and you shouldn't do that.


And I was like, Hmm, okay. Nah, I'm, I'm good. Yeah. I've never understood why religious people, Christians are so judgemental when the Bible says out, shall not judge. Well, I think it's human nature. When people don't understand, You know other folks, whatever. I, again, it's all in the way you were raised because my parents were real cool. So I wasn't raised with limitations. As a matter of fact, my mom and dad told us that everything is possible for us. And so when I went into the actual solo part of gospel music, I was, it, it was, it took me aback for a little while because I'm like, oh, oh, so y'all can't do, I won't.


So in order to be a gospel artist, you can't do this, this, this, and that and the other. And I'm like, nah, I'm not gonna be that kind of gospel artist. Mm. No. Go ahead, finish. No, no, no. Yeah, I was gonna say, but whether your mom was a ministry of music. In. The. Church. Yes. So her church. 'cause I know when I go to church with my grandmother, you, you can't wear pants. You can't do certain things to this day. And, I have to just go with that. Your mom's church didn't have those rubes, even though she didn't. Not at all. We were Baptist. Okay. So, gotcha. You know the deacons was smoke outside. So we Smoke what? Watch out cigarettes, watch out. A little burning bush. It was still calling the dope back then. So no. That, no. So that's why No, it was, it was cigarettes.


Those, Your faith is a core part of your music group. Absolutely. How, how has your faith journey shaped not just your music, but just your life in general? Oh my gosh. It's everything. It's the basis of everything. It's the basis of my businesses is the basis of my parenthood. It's the basis of all I do You know, I wake up joyful every morning because again, I'm here and we know a lot of people within the last couple of weeks that are near and dear to us that are just talking You know. And it's like, man, to be able to wake up, do what you love to do every single day. I know y'all know about that is a blessing. Amen. And so Faith has everything to do with everything I do.


When you was doing morning radio, did you used to wake up and do It? Absolutely. Okay. Oh, so it was live. It was live. Laughing. Oh, okay, okay, okay, okay. Did you like, did you like it getting up that early? Absolutely. You know it. There's something that happens when the mic comes on and the light comes on. You realize, okay, you have a few seconds to inspire somebody's day. You have a few seconds to describe this song or describe this issue. You know. And so we were like, y'all, we, we had a full show. We talked about sports, we talked about relationships and all of that good stuff. So yeah, it was three 30 in the morning. Wake up, You know, gotta be at the station at four 15. How much did you play your own music?


Very little. I wasn't like You know The program inside at Not, not even that. It was like, I wanna hear somebody else. Got you. Because I hear me all the time. I've been with me the longest. And so You know And, I love hearing new artists. I love breaking in new artists. I love hearing different types of gospel music. And so we did a lot of that too. Do you miss the red? Oh, oh, do you miss it? You lit up. I do miss it at times. But as you all know, when one door is finished or when one season is finished, the other season begins. And if I was still doing radio, I couldn't do television and movies and soundtracks and things like that.


So I was gonna ask You know. Well, growing up, In, The, Church, how much pressure was that? You know. 'cause being a kid growing up in the In, The, Church, everything seemed perfect. Right? They wanted everything to be perfect. And if it wasn't perfect, it seems like they shamed you back then. Hmm. Well, Here's the thing, I, and I'm gonna go back to my upbringing. I don't know what churches y'all went to, but we knew at our church we weren't perfect. So it was not this thing that you have to have it this way. You gotta get it right all the time because you're not gonna get it right all the time. You know, it's grown as I am now. I don't get it right all the time. And I think that's one of the misconceptions about faith and religion.


It's not that we are perfect people. It's not that we're even trying to be perfect people, but what we are trying to do is be loving people. Yes. We're trying to be caring people. We're trying to show people a different way of existing because I mean, and, and we, we all know we, we live in this space now where everything is cancel culture. I hate this because you hate this or I hate this person because you hate this person. It's like, can we all just get back to the basis of everything? Right. Because the basis for me is for God so loved. So that means I'm supposed to love as well. And What kept you grounded? 'cause even going to college, usually the church girls were the wildest, they were the ones that, they're no longer on the leash Bomb and Dad laugh, sound like You know that came from, well, well here tell my business boy.


But again, here we go. I didn't, I wasn't restricted in anything in my life. So I went to the dances. You know I hung out at the house parties and stuff like that when I was younger. So I didn't have that restriction. And so when I got to college, I didn't have to wild out because it's like, oh, never did that. Y'all doing that? Oh child, please You know. So I don't know. I don't know why that happens. I think it's in a person to try to test the waters. And then when they find out, oh, it ain't that wonderful, then they go back into their little shell and it say, oh, praise the Lord.


You know. How Do you feel about the church nowadays then? Because you can't If, you test the waters at certain churches and certain congregations, like, they almost like condemn people for certain things. Well, And he and you, you did say certain churches, which is, I'm glad you said that because certain churches have this and, and certain religions have a, an idea that you're supposed to be so high up here that And I, I've never gotten that whole concept of the super religious kind of thing because I didn't have to be that All I had to do was be myself. Yeah. And God loved me for being myself, not a pretend Yolanda, because I, I've never been good at pretending so You know, except when I'm acting.


Thank you Jesus. But, but I think nowadays the, the view of that comes from people who are outside looking in, not people inside certain churches. Mm. You know because you have to be inside to experience that And I know that there are some people who can make you feel like, yeah, you are not You know at your best. You're not as good as them. And stuff. Like, I get that now. I'm like big old 63-year-old. I get that now. You know. People text go, why you wear that? Why you doing this?


And why are you showing up here? And why are you showing? Because I'm grown. How does that make you feel though? Because it's been going on for so long with you. Yeah. But but again, I mean, I will never see those people. I will never experience them. They will never come to my house. They will never come to the barbecue. So you can't get so emotionally attached to negativity that you stop being you and you stop living and you stop living your life the way you live your life. You know. So it's like they gonna be fine. 'cause I'm fine. Why do, why do people give you so much smoke for your outfits? Like I, I'm be like, what is Ms. Adams wearing that looks so crazy?


I don't, well I don't get, I'm like, I've never seen you. You ain't like The late great Darryl Coley said something from the stage one time. He said, y'all mad 'cause y'all can't wear it. Mm. That's real. So I don't You know. I And I think because, but They talk like you sexy. Right. And Ute to sexy. Right. But You know Well, well You know. She listens to the music. So I'm You know I have nothing against her. But it's like when people, some people are uncomfortable with you being comfortable in your skin. Mm Mm And I'm extremely comfortable in my skin.


And I have been for a long, long time. Which is why I said don't, don't fall for the negativity. Don't You know there because there will be so many people who applaud you Yep. And are in your corner and want you to make it and want you to succeed. That the two, three or 40 opposed to 2 million, it's like, I'm gonna hang out with the 2 million. That's right. Rather than the 40 You know, you said something that's not as very important. You said you've always been comfortable in your own skin. When did you get to that point? Because You know, just the way you present aesthetically, you're tall, you're beautiful when you walk in the room. Everybody like, oh, who that? So I know that makes people uncomfortable. So when did you get comfortable being, making people uncomfortable?


I think, I think Because I've always been a tall kid and my parents always talked about how amazing stature and grace and elegance is. I think I really got a hold to it probably in my twenties. Mm. You know, after I graduated college, And I had some stuff under my belt. And it's like, okay, yeah, I'm gonna take on The World. And when you're taking on The World, you can't have that insecurity of, well how will it feel and how will they accept me and how will they do this?


How will they do them? It's like, nah, you, you gotta get out there. That's Right. So it was yeah, in my twenties. Absolutely. Do, do the impressions of the music industry exist in gospel music? Like when you hear these stories of all these debauch things that happened in the music industry, did that, does that exist in the gospel world? The debauchery part of gospel music is not something that I know of. Okay. Because I didn't participate in anything if there was anything going on. But the pressure to outdo your last project is always there. You know and, and You know how it is. Come on. You guys are in media. So You know that it every quarter, okay, your numbers were so and so, now you got to beat this or you got to beat that person in Houston.


Or you got to beat this person in San Antonio. I think it's always that. And you have to surround yourself with management and people who are on your side that help you buffer that because somebody's urgency can be placed on you. So it's that. So it's your urgency. Right. But if your, if their urgency is, is not your emergency, why are we doing this? You know, because everybody wants something different from you. You know. I like that You know people pull at you for different reasons and some of them are not authentic.


And some of those reasons are very nefarious. You know, well I just wanna get You know 20 million done this You know y'all we're business people in the room. And no matter what, even if it You know let's talk about branding if it goes against your brand, but it's a whole lot of money. You know. You have to be strong enough to say, nah, I can't do that. You know. And then you have to tell them, no, we're not doing that. Were You talking about that or were you talking about like people trying to take advantage of or coming up in the industry stealing publishing and royalties that we hear from so many Different artists. All like you Talking about, you talking about all that, all That they get scandalous. The drugs, the sex all.


Well, first of all, I don't do drugs, so I I don't, I don't get invited to the drug parties if there are drug parties. And I've never been a, an exhibitionist. So I don't get invited to the freak offs and stuff like that. If there are some You know they crossed over into gospel. That is crazy. No, no, no, no, no. And so I will You know, I will say from my purview, I don't know about any of that now as far as publishing and royalties and all of that. Oh, you always have somebody posing as a manager or a business manager trying to You know because they see, okay, you're effective, you get the numbers.


You know, you You know you could be out every single day doing something. So that's a cash cow right There. Right. You still from a gospel artist, you got to be going to hell. I was think the same thing. Like a lot of Them going, people still In The Church too in Of business. A lot of them going You know. So the New the new Album is called Sunny Days. Yes. What is Yolanda Adams definition of a sunny day? Oh my gosh. My definition of a sunny day is a day where I feel so good about myself, about what I'm doing, about my purpose and also about the climate of The World You know, you have to be optimistic to really look at where we are right now and say, but there's something good that's gonna come out of this.


Yes. And so that's what I wanted to do with this project because it took us four years to actually finish the project. We started it in 2018 and then all of a sudden Jim Jam and Terry Lewis got busy. Donald Lawrence got busy. Ev all of the producers got busy. I got busy. And then there was the pandemic. And so that stopped a lot of things. And then Kingdom Business, we started filming that You know we had seasons one and two, we had to film. Then all of a sudden I'm like, okay, all right. All right. We got to get this album done. So it finally got done this year and I'm just so really excited about that. So It just schedule the reason why it took like, it was like a 13 year break in between becoming in 2011 and then now It was a 13 year break between the solo project.


Yes. But so why though? Like why that? Because there was so much other stuff going on in between Or is it just the Priority? Oh, I was so busy. I was so busy. I was going overseas doing a lot of things. And then I also did several soundtracks to movies and television shows. We did the soundtrack and the music for SpongeBob on Broadway. Mm. We did a song there. Me and my music director Rodney East. And so things just got busy like that. Got you. And You know, with my projects, I have to like tailor time for them. 'cause if I don't, it's gonna be like, it's gonna be real crazy.


You know With, with Nongo artists, they go into a studio, maybe it's a heartbreak or like You know they do indulge in smoking, drinking, whatever to get them. Or for gospel artists. Is it that you're like, you're praying you deep in the spirit? Like where does that come from for you guys? Oh, it comes from the same experiences. Of course we not You know getting high trying to figure out what God's doing. But Weed is from the earth. Nobody found, nobody found that funny. But me, weed is from The weed is from the earth though. It is from the Earth. Oh, I get what you did there. We not getting drunk trying to figure out what God is doing because they trying to figure out what their man got going on. Okay. Heard you. Okay. Thank you. Thank you so much. No, it comes from the experiences that we're having in our lives because you figure we got eight plus billion people in The World.


So at least a million gotta be going through what you're going through. And so if you're making a business decision, if you're making a relationship decision, if you're making a a, a a, moving You know geographical moving decision. All decisions for us You know. We have to ask God, okay, is this real? Is this me or is this you? Or do I just want this for me? And You know, a lot of times God say, okay If, you want it for you, let's do it. You know God is not. That is interesting. I've been writing down this powerful. I ain't about that. Yeah. 'cause 'cause God is not trying to keep you stuck. As a matter of fact, he wants the best for you always.


And I think people have fashioned God in so many ways that it's confusing to people when they see someone You know like me, who has this relationship with God, where it's like real cool, Hey God, we doing, we doing The, Breakfast, Club this morning. Yeah, I know. I'll be there with you You know that kind of thing. And, I believe if we would give people room to grow with God, that they'll find God on their own and they'll find God as so loving and so kind on their own that they don't have to be pushed into. Yeah, go on and do this.


Go do that. You won't have to be pushed to do anything you'll want to from the bottom of your heart, you wanna love people, you wanna share his goodness, you wanna share a smile You know that kind of thing. That's Interesting because when I pray to God, I pray to God to gimme direction. Right. Absolutely. And guide my steps. Absolutely. And And I guess I always say I want to do what God wants me to do. Absolutely. But what she said is interesting is not because what if I wanna do something? Yeah. It is like, God, you gonna come with me? God might just be like, yeah, go. Go do that. Yeah. And let me I and let me figure it out on my own. Whatever happens, I'm gonna be with you regardless. Absolutely. Because you can, you can just, like, you cannot separate your breathing from you unless you're You know on a ventilator or something like that.


You can't separate God from you. Mm. Because God lives inside. We always try to make him upstairs. You know. And we say the man upstairs, we know that's You know proverbial kind of talk. But God is inside. And if God is inside, he's walking with me. If he's inside, he's talking with me. If he's inside, he really is concerned about whether I You know I make it or not. You know whether I reach my goals or not. And so the one thing that I have found in my life that has served me so well is when there's a piece that I have with any decision, then that's a stamp.


Alright. I agree. You know. Oh, when there's turmoil, I have to go back and be silent because I gotta listen to make sure, okay, now you're either protecting me from something or someone. And sometimes it's myself because I wanna rush things. You know I'm a fixer. I'm the oldest of six kids, I'm a fixer. And God's like slow down land. No slow, slow down, slow down. I'm gonna give you that, but I'm gonna give it to you when you're ready. Mm. Right. Wow. And so yeah, you gotta, you here preaching Now you were, you were trending about a week ago, two weeks ago. Woody McLean.


Yes. She's like, what? What Happened? Yes. So when you were trending, when people were calling you, did You know what it was right away? And I Did not. You did not. So what was your mind thoughts when you seen Woody McLean doing the all that in that video? Well, here's the thing about the video. We actually did the video together. We were there on set together. And You know Woody is Woody. I, I mean, that's Bobby Brown. Right, right, right, right. So You know, we know he's a great artist and just all around great guy. But people were talking as though it was the power Woody.


Why is it that Yolanda is You know? 'cause people are mad at him. You know that character. Yeah. They're they're mad at him. So they, They forget he's acting. Yeah. 'cause and, and that's the thing. How do you forget that this man is acting? He's not the same character in that video that he is on power. So what is that? I didn't get that. And so my, this generation Of God children a little slow. And my daughter had to explain to me, well, You know he's kind of a bad character on power. I'm like, yeah, but that's just his job. You know he as a person, he's a man of faith.


And when they told, when the record company said, we have Woody for the video, I was like, yes. Because I remember the Bobby Brown Woody. Right. I'm, I haven't watched power enough to know that character. I'm like, season one Power. Bobby Brown could have been on Power. Bobby was a white boy. Y'all was Bobby Low? Did he freestyle that or was that choreographed into it? No, he, he kind of freestyled that. And then And I guess, I guess they all said, okay, we like that. Do that You know. So the video captures a lot of dancing.


I love to dance. So it captures a lot of different types of dancing because I personally believe that God loves variety. 'cause if he did not love Variety, all of us would look the same. Right. That's right. And so we all have our different things and we all have those You know those little quirks that, that make us amazing. Did you speak to him after? Did you speak to him after he went through? Yeah, absolutely. I got what did he say? What he, he was like, oh, just thank you so much Ms. Adams for allowing me to, I'm like, what? You are making me cool. So you are making me a cool woman right now. So I appreciate it. Yeah. Why are there three different versions of church doors? What does that Symbolize? There are three different churches, three different churches, three different versions.


Because we had the version for the gospel gospel audience. Then the audience who's like me, who loves You know to hear different versions and dance and stuff like that. And I. I just thought, man, what a great song to kind of hype up and give the message to people that may not walk.


My name is Brandon Kyle Goodman. I'm a black, gay, non-binary author TV writer actor. And I'm messy, but not in the way you think. Messy as in I'm human and flawed. I'm on a mission to destroy shame around sex. And the only way to do that is to talk about sex. So that's what we'll do on my brand new podcast. Tell me something messy. Okay, let's put this messy round of smash or pass. Okay. Okay. Here it is. Smash or pass. Spit play. I don't know. I don't know how I feel about bodily fluids being on me unless it's 'cause we're doing the pullout method and we're living on the edge. Oh. Oh my God. I was not expecting That Baby. Like I always say, if You know how to work that body, that sexualness and that heart, you're unstoppable. Embrace your power. That's really what we gonna do on this show. Join me on Tell Me something messy with brand new episodes every Thursday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Definitely.


Car Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was murdered. There are crooks everywhere you look. Now the situation is desperate. My name is Manuel Delia. I am one of the hosts of Crooks Everywhere. A podcast that unearths the plot to murder a one woman. WikiLeaks definitely exposed the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafia state. And she paid the ultimate price. Listen to Crooks everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts to listen to new episodes one week early and 100% a free subscribe to the iHeart True Crime Plus channel available exclusively on apple Podcasts.


It was December, 2019 when the story blew up in Green Bay, Wisconsin. Former Packer, star Kabir, Baja b Amila caught up in a bizarre situation. Hey Gb, explaining what he believes led to the arrest of his friends at a children's Christmas play. A family man, former NFL player, devout Christian now cut off from his family and connected to a strange arrest. I am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. I got swept up in Kabeer's journey, but this was only the beginning in a story about faith and football, the search for meaning away from the gridiron and the consequences for everyone involved. You mix homesteading with guns and church. And then a little bit of the spice of conspiracy theories that we liked. Voila, you got straightaway. I Felt like I was living in North Korea, but worse. If that's possible. Listen to spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I felt too seen Dragged.


I'm nk. And this is basket case. So I basically had What back in the day, they would call a nervous Breakdown. I was crying And. I was inconsolable. It was just very big sudden swaps of different meds. What is wrong with me? Oh, look At you. Gimme therapy girl. Finally, a show for the mentally ill girlies on basket case. I talk to people about what happens when what we call mental health is shaped by the conditions of The World we live in. Because If, you haven't noticed. We are experiencing some kind of conditions that are pretty hard to live with. But If, you struggle to cope. The society that created the conditions in the first place will tell you there's something wrong with you. And it will call you a basket case. Listen to basket case every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts


In a galaxy far, far away. No Babe, that's taken. We're in our own world, remember? Right. In our own world, we're two space cadets and Totally normal humans. Sure, totally. Normal humans embark On a journey across the stars, discovering the wonders of the universe. One episode at a time, We'll talk about life, love, laughter, and why you should never argue with your copilot. Especially when she's always right. Right? And if we hit turbulence, just blame it on Mercury retrograde Or Emily's questionable space, piling skills. Hey, join us on, in our own world for cosmic conversations, stellar laughs And super corny dad jokes. Listen to in Our Own world, as a part of the Mike Cultura podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. And don't worry, we promise to avoid any black holes most of the time


into the church doors and hear this. Mm. And so that was, that was our, that was our goal. Because technically church doors can be your heart. When you let me make it to the church doors, I'll tell them what you've done for me. So you open your heart to give your testimony about how good God has been. And so again, there are people who will get this on the dance floor and it'll hit 'em. Oh, God has good You know. So yeah. Do you feel like Jermaine Dupree recently had some comments? We have the audio too, If, you wanna hear it? But he recently said that because the younger artists aren't walking through those church doors.


You Well, oh, you could stick. Yeah, I heard that. Do you feel like that is affecting music? The fact that you, like, like you said, people aren't, may not ever walk through those church doors, but it could still hit them in their heart. Is that possible? Or you feel like these artists need to get back in church? Well, I think what he meant is that the producers who are doing the producing have to have that background to know how to bring in the tenors, how to bring in your Altos You know to make that full effective sound. We all know the difference between church musicians and regular musicians who did not get that training. Because here's the thing about church.


Church trains you because you have a a, an audience that can't go nowhere for like two, three hours. And so you get that on the job training that you wouldn't get just You know in your basement, You know mixing and trying to do your thing. So you, you learn how to capture an audience. And, I think that is what's missing as well, because these kids don't have that type of experience until they get in front of audiences. And most of them don't know what to do. I watched Saturday Night Live, the young lady who had this huge song during the pandemic about You know, driving down the street and stuff like that.


And, and, and, and my daughter's gonna get me because I don't re that team. She right. Huh? Not to I'm sorry. Not Tanasha, right? No, it was, it was a another young lady. Was it this weekend? No, no, no, no. I mean, during the pandemic, she, she, she White, white or black artist. White White Artist. White artist. She had on some baggy clothes and things like that. Now she made a song on her computer in her room and it blew up. It went viral like a billion times. They immediately put her on Saturday Night Live. She's not ready for that. And it was obvious that she had not had the training.


And if we go back even to the Motown days and the Stacks days. That's right. There was artist development. They don't have that anymore. And that's the thing that I believe Jermaine was talking about as well. They do not have artist development and artist development for us as people who attended church and grew up In, The Church. We grew up in the choir, or either the band or something like that. You had that every Sunday. Every Thursday when you had rehearsals, you had the chance to You know, be corrected and You know and, and make it. Right. And so I know, I definitely know we gotta bring that artist development back.


And then the other thing that you miss is that, that heart and soul. That's right. You, you can only get that heart and soul when you're connected. You know. And if you're not connected to your source, you will Miss You know. You may sound amazing, but there will be this emptiness that is very obvious that You know. It's like, maybe you need to You know, get a little quiet, get, get some peace or You know, do some yoga or whatever you do. No, we, we were talking about that this morning. I said the same thing. Like, I agree with everything you said, but that that that that soul. That soul. Yeah. I think it, the church is so rooted, especially the black church.


It's just so rooted in community and black people fellowship, fellow fellowshipping with each other. It's just a certain soul that comes from that that I think people are just missing nowadays because of the fact we don't fellowship as much. Like I don't believe social media is real fellowship. No, I don't believe that's real community. No, but no, because, and, and those You know, I'm, I'm gonna get a little technical. Here we are in this room. I could have done this on Zoom, but it wouldn't feel the same. It wouldn't be the same. No, that's right. It's because all of us have these energy blocks that You know. We, we have, it's just, it's just amazing how we're fearfully and wonderfully made.


But trying to get that same feeling on a Zoom call or on whatever yard it is and stuff like that, it's, it's, it's gonna be hard because there's no authenticity there. You know when you respond to me and you smile, I'm like, yeah, I'm on the right track. When you respond to me and you shake your head, I'm like on the right track when you respond to me. And, I, see that smile? I'm like, yeah, yeah, yeah. So, but You know and then I give it back. Right? Right. And so for me, And I can only speak for me. I like the call and response that we've grown up with.


I also love being able to see if the message is affecting the person or the congregation or You know, like we're gonna be at the Barclays Center, so that's a whole bunch of people. But you still hone in on those folk that you see are getting it. And then all of a sudden the whole place just gets electrified. But it starts with me and you and you and you. And then everybody You know comes in. So, yeah. I think the other thing that church does as well, because we didn't have the counselors and the therapists and all this stuff, You know, like, you're doing your program.


It was our therapy growing up because You know you could shout it out. You could cry it out. You could Yes, sir. It out. You know. You could sing it out. You can usher it out. You know. But we don't have that like that anymore. And we've advanced and I'm glad we've advanced because now we can see, okay, this is one of the problems that we need to work on in our community. What better place to start it than in a place that cares about people. So when you have a, a counselor or a therapist on staff at your church That's right.


It makes it so much better for people who want to come in and just talk and You know, get stuff out. I believe In God and therapy. Absolutely. Absolutely. I mean, you think about if, if if If, you read the Bible, there are so many times where everyone that did anything huge for God had to go into that place. And like, okay, who do I talk to? Who do I counsel with? And. I just want people to get back to the basics of fellowship with God. Because If, you get back to the basics.


You realize all of the stuff that people are majoring on has nothing to do with the real love of God. So how do you feel about Bedside Baptist and Mount Zion? Zoom a ME? Well, here's the thing. There's a place for all of that. Okay. And that is why churches have to advance and make sure that they have those things available. Now, as I said before, just like I didn't come You know, like I didn't zoom with you guys because I wanted to be physically in the room. There's just something you're going to get inside the building That's true. That you cannot get. That's true. Just on Zoom and And, I'm gonna have to confess because my job takes me out most of the time where I can't get back to my physical church.


And so as soon as I am off the road, oh, I'm going to my church. But I again, I will say, thank God for the Zoom. That's right. Thank God for the streaming. But when you can get in there, because it makes a huge difference. Yeah. I ain't caught the Holy Spirit over Zoom yet. Now it's And, I, And I. I watch the POS house every Sunday. It's yes, but it's different when you actually in the pod house, I feel I've been to the PO house and You feel it. Yes you do. Yes You do. But when you're watching the Zoom, I like it. It's good. Yes. But when you there, it's different. You can feel God, you Can, yeah. I I wanted to know, do you look at music, how you look at acting, right? So there's certain music you, you're not gonna sing. 'cause you don't, you don't stand by it. Right? But do you look at that as acting as well?


Like, is there parts that you say that doesn't fit my quote unquote persona, but it is acting, so you're really taking yourself outta your person and being somebody else. Like would Yolanda Adams ever be like a, a, a drug king, queen, like Mary j Blige and Power? Would you play that part? Would you play certain parts that don't necessarily sit your fit your persona? Now I wouldn't be a drug dealer or a Queen PenFed, but I would, I I I like meaty roles. That's why I took on Denita Jordan. Because although we're gospel artists and family women, she's, she's cutthroat.


And I'm the total opposite. You know, I let people live because I, I think God can get you better than I can. Right. You know. So I, but I would, and this is, this is gonna sound really crazy. I would like to do a role like murder. She wrote, I'd like to be a detective and see that that involves gore. And, but that's still a Positive side. Would you be on the other side of that? Would murder? Did you be the murderer? You know what? I don't know. No one's ever asked me that question. What If he was killing people who were possessed by the devil?


There's this movie called Frailty. Right. You ever seen the movie Frailty? Fra No, I have not. Frailty is about that. Where this guy was, they thought he was a serial killer, but literally God was giving him visions and the people he was killing Wow. Was People that were bad Pedophiles and all. Yes. Like people that killed their mom like terrible people. Oh wow. And it, and it was all rooted in his faith for God. He had To look, I'm gonna have to research that. Yep. I'm gonna have to research that. 'cause I don't know if God just wants you to kill people just You know. But so people don't even come to you with those type of, like, you don't have to turn down that stuff. They don't even come to you with No, no, no. I don't have to. Yeah. Yeah. I don't have to turn down those. But I did have to turn down a record deal when I was making the transition from one gospel label to You know a a a secular label.


This guy was like, yeah, and we have this thing, we, we are gonna turn you into this You know this, this mega this. And I'm like, oh, okay. So how is that gonna be possible? Well, the first thing you're gonna have to do is you're gonna have to learn how to butterfly. And I'm like, What butterfly? Wait, wait, wait, wait. Like, oh, you mean You imagine me doing the butter as long as I am? He was Serious. He was serious. Not we were in London. He was serious to the praise And worship. He wanted you butter. No Secular was gonna be like, You know it's gonna be cross over.


It is. Yeah. Kind of crossover and fusion, whatever. I'm like, nah, Look, that Jamaican Gospel Gospel. What was that Caribbean gospel? What applied to It? We never found out. Is there any hip hop records you ever turned out? Like somebody wanted to s want you to sing a hook or something? Well, You know I've done the hook with Bone Thug's Harmony. They did order my steps. They redid that. Let me see who else. You know, I've, I've been sampled several times. Nick Cannon has done a sample. You should have Turned that one down. Shut up, man. Snoop to Nick. You shoulda have turned that one down. That was, That was when he was a Nickelodeon and Disney kid.


So You know it was, This guy's crazy. Ah, you are crazy. And so I've done that. But it, I don't know. It's according to You know. Did I do? Yeah. I've done some stuff with Trade The Truth. I've done some stuff with Common. And who else? There's one more. Oh, I think the truth From Philly. Yeah. From Philly. So Yeah. So I've done some, yeah. Some out of the box stuff. Okay. I'm kind of proud of I I like what you said earlier. You said you feel like God can handle people better than you can. Absolutely. So can you share a time where like your faith might've been tested?


Oh, I'm tested. And you really wanted to Get it. I'm tested it all the time. Yeah. Because again, I'm the oldest of six kids, so I'm, I'm that protector. And for someone to think that they had an advantage or could take advantage of my kindness and, and try to like You know and try to play me as y'all would say, You know. It's like bru me and God got this. Right. So you don't think God's gonna tell me first before you try to do something? And people are really surprised when you don't come at them the way they would come at you. Mm.


When you don't match energy. When you don't match energy. Yeah. Because it's like, nah, I've learned long time ago. If, you wanna just sit back and watch God do it. Sit back and watch God do it. Because as soon as you put your hand in it and try to fix something, it's gonna mess up. And then you're gonna mess up your purpose. That's right. Wow. You're gonna mess up your journey. And, I would rather God say, You, know what I'm so proud of you. You yeah. You held on. Now I may go home and just yell and scream, be mad as a mother, but I'd be mad. But it's like, nah, Uhuh, How are you so tapped in? Because like you, I referenced Sexy Red You know who Sexy Red is. You know Powell like You know how you so tapped into everything that's going on.


You knew Jermaine Dupree statement. Oh yeah. About RB. Well, You know, I've known Jermaine Dupre since he was a little kid. You told him Like, you live in a shelter and you never come outside. I'm just saying Because lot people How You know how You know what Jermaine Dupre Is. I feel like a lot of gospel. But you're not traditionally, like, you're not the tradit traditional gospel artists. A lot of gospel artists and people in The World of God, they tap out of stuff, they remove it and or they act like they don't see it even though it's in front of them. Well, I mean, I get a chance, thankfully to be in a lot of places like the BET awards, the Grammy Awards, places like that. And I mean, and you have to live in a box not to know current music. I'm a music lover, so I listen to all types of music.


And you got kids because again, you listen to Sexy. I have a daughter. Right. You Listen to Sexy, Right? No, not at all. Oh, okay. I though I'm saying I listen to a lot, but I know who she is because she's been on the BBT awards and things like that. And, and, and for me, I listen to beats. I listen to words. And, I love sincerity in music, You know. And so all I Yeah. And my daughter keeps me pretty cool. You know she's 20. How old's your daughter? She's 23. Okay. So she keeps me real Cool. I just got two more questions for you. Do you, okay. Do you feel because of your faith and because you do gospel music that you get put in a box?


Oh, they tried years ago. I mean, they really tried years ago. Okay, so we're gonna put you in this little comfortable space and blah, blah, blah And. I'm like, ah, I think we're bigger than that. Mm mm Because God is bigger than that You know. And And I mean we, there's so many things that we could talk about God being bigger than, I mean, he is ultimate. So if God is everywhere at the same time, blessing everyone and You know, holding The World together, why would I allow someone who has a small view of God to crush my big view of God?


Mm. I've been knowing that I've lived long enough to see the bigness and the hugeness of God. So I I'm telling you, it, it started when I was a teenager because I started singing in a choir. We were going all over the country and stuff. And then I had my first billboard song at 17 And I. I realized at that time, wow, I like this. I like doing this. And then I would see Tremaine Hawkins and Shirley Caesar and people like that, doing it for a living. I'm like, okay, God. Well, however you got to do that. Let's, let's do that. And And I saw the kind of box they tried to put Tremaine in when she started singing solo aside from the Hawkins family.


She had this amazing song. You guys were probably too young to remember. She had this amazing song called Fall Down on Me. And it was talking about the Holy Spirit. But she had a couple of dancers. And Kevin Bond, who was amazing, was on one of the little piano guitar things running around You know. And it, it was a joyful song. Nothing disrespectful. And they gave her grief about that. And I'm like, wow. So I've seen that happen to other people. And I refuse to let it happen to me. And I love God's timing in my life.


It's always been about his timing and me wanting his time. Because years later, I'm sitting here with The Breakfast Club discussing my 14th project. You know we Sitting here with Yolanda Adams discussing her 14th project. Right. But think about it though, if I had gotten mad at the producer who says, oh, you'll never sell more than this guy. You'll never sell more than that guy. 'cause there was a whole bunch of chauvinism in gospel music way back then. And instead of getting like upset, You know fighting back, I just like, I've taken my hands off of it.


And, I've outsold those men. Some of them are gone home to be with the Lord and I'm still here. Look at God. That's right. So I know what that feels like. But I also know what it feels like to tell young people like a Lean Andrea, like a Tasha and like Kiki Sheard and all of the young people who I've mentored over the years, is that you don't have to be anybody but you. And you stand your ground If. you wanna sing a song that somebody may not agree with. You sing that song because somebody out there is gonna be touched by that song.


I mean, open My Heart is one of those songs that you guys have played for years and we, we just celebrated what, 25, 26 Years of Open My Heart, And I Can't Go anywhere in The World and not sing that song. Wow. Wow. So, yeah. My my last question is, what do you see as your legacy in The World of gospel music, but just in The World period? Like when, when Yo Yolanda Adams no longer sees to exist. Yeah. What do you want people to say about Ms. Adams? Well, I hope that people say that I inspired, encourage, uplifted and educated them in many aspects.


Not just gospel music, not just business, but in life. You know because that's huge. And that I represented God in such a way that I made him so cool and so livable that it, there were no restrictions with God because I don't see God as restricted You know And I. Try to pass that on to everybody that I meet. You know, as you said before, because we are his eyes and ears and his body on earth. There are just certain things that we have to make priority.


We've got to make love a Priority. That's right. Have to. Now, do I agree with everything that someone is doing? No, I don't agree with everything my family members do, but that doesn't keep me from loving them. It keeps me wanting the best for them. And then You know you don't have to respond to everything You know. Sometimes you just gotta let go and let God, And I hope that when people say, Hey, you You know Yolanda Adams You know, she she, she's gone. It's like, wow, that woman helped me through so and so and so and so that woman helped my father get through cancer or so and so that, those are the things that I want said about myself.


You know. Amen. Well, let's, we love value and appreciate you Ms. Adams. Oh, I know you too. We're gonna play. That's why I love y'all. What song do you wanna play? Oh my gosh. Hmm. Play on God. On God number one. On Number one. The days number one. And before we leave, We just add like You know. Can you give us a prayer before we leave? Absolutely. If. you Don't mind. Let's do it. Absolutely. I would love that. Lord, we are just so grateful and thankful that you have allowed us this time to spend together. It's been so amazing to be with these wonderful young people who are doing your work on a daily basis. They make us laugh, they make us think, they make us. Hmm. Wanna be better people.


And so God, I ask right now that you give them the desires of their heart. Whatever those secret desires are that they haven't told anybody, give them to 'em and just bless their socks off God and give them more years, as many years as they want. But more than anything, make them grateful for this platform that you've given them because it changes The World. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Yolanda Adams, ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining us so much. Ah, no problem. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The. Breakfast. Club.


Happening now on the iHeart app. We're turning up the heat on all the smoke as vice president and Democratic presidential nominee, Kamala Harris pulls up to the show. You do me great honor to be here. Thank You. Thank you. You know her as the trailblazer making history, but now she's ready to drop some knowledge and real talk about the 2024 race. How do you protect your mental space? Number one Rule, don't read the comments And nasty. This episode is going to hit different. Search all the smoke in the free iHeart Radio app and listen to this groundbreaking interview now.


My name is Brandon Kyle Goodman. I'm a black, gay, non-binary author TV writer, actor. And I'm messy, but not in the way you think. Messy as in I'm human and flawed. I'm on a mission to destroy shame around sex. And the only way to do that is to talk about sex. So that's what we'll do on my brand new podcast. Tell me something messy. Join me on Tell Me Something Messy. With brand new episodes every Thursday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Daphne Cara Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was assassinated Crooks everywhere, unearths the plot to murder a one woman. WikiLeaks, she exposed the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafia state. Listen to Crooks everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. To listen to new episodes one week early and 100% ad free. Subscribe to the iHeart True Crime Plus channel available exclusively on apple Podcasts


In California during the summer of 1975. Within the span of 17 days, less than 90 miles, two women did something no other woman had done before. Tried to assassinate the president of the United States. One was the protege of Charles Manson, 26-year-old Lynette Fromm Nicknamed Squeaky The other, A middle-aged housewife, working undercover for the FBI Identified by police as Sarah Jean Moore, The story of One Strange and Violent Summer. This season on the new podcast, rip Current Here episodes of Rip Current early and completely ad free, and receive exclusive bonus content by subscribing to iHeart True Crime Plus only on apple Podcasts.


Hey, I am Jay Sheddy and I'm the host of On Purpose. This week I had the opportunity to speak with Dr. Andrew Huberman. Dr. Huberman is a neuroscientist and professor at Stanford University School of Medicine, known for his research on brain function, behavior, and neuroplasticity. The brain's ability to adapt and rewire itself. The expectation on us is not perfections, being able to toggle between these different states. Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Trust me, you won't wanna miss this one.