
Divorce can leave you feeling isolated, like you're stuck on an island with no direction, but you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step, offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com because you deserve a better path forward.


This is Rob Parker from the Odd Couple with Rob Parker and Kelvin Washington.


The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. Climb inside a tundra and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available I force Max Engine. The Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out the Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or a Tacoma today visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals, or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Ever notice your dog slowing down and having health issues and wonder what can I do to make 'em better? Well, my friend, add rough greens to your dog's food for 90 days And I guarantee you'll see changes that will amaze you. Greetings naturopathic Dr. Dennis Black and venture of Rough Greens here, And I invite you to give your pup the Rough Greens 90 Day Challenge. In the first 30 days, you'll see shinier coast and increased energy. By day 60, your dog will have a stronger immune system, less shedding improved joint function, all due to the live nutrients that you've added to their diet. And at 90 days better digestion, reduced inflammation, improved heart health, and you may even have reduced their cancer risk. Fetch your dog a free Jumpstart trial bag today. Go to try rough greens.com. Use promo code, try rough. That's T-R-Y-R-U-F-F. Go to try rough greens.com. Use promo code. Try rough you discover the shipping. You don't have to change your dog's food. To improve your dog's health, just add a scoop of rough greens.


Prohibition is synonymous with speakeasies, jazz, flappers, and of course failure. I'm Ed Helms and on season three of my podcast snafu, there's a story I couldn't wait to tell you. It's about an unlikely duo in the 1920s who tried to warn the public that prohibition was going to backfire so badly. It just might leave thousands dead from poison. Listen and subscribe to SNAFU on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hoop Fans, the most exciting month in college basketball is here with underdogs ready to fight their way to the top and establish teams defending their titles. It is time to lock in your picks with my partners at DraftKings. All right now, right now they're offering all new customers $200 in bonus bets instantly after betting just $5. So all you gotta do is this, download the DraftKings app right now. Sign up using code TBC and bet the unexpected the Crown is yours. Now live the thrill of live betting DraftKings has you covered. BET on live games right as they happen. Making the game that much more exciting. All right, now, if sports betting is not yet available in your state, don't worry about it. You can still join in with DraftKings. Pick six and have the shot to win cash prizes. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app now and new customers. Use my promo code TBC and bet just $5 on any wager and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. That's promo code TBC. Only at draft King Sportsbook.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Yep. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club Charlemagne to God. Jess Hilarious. DJ Envy is not here, but Lauren la is filling in for him and we got my guy NLE Chopper. What's happening to my brother? Man? Nothing much. It's nothing much chill. You, You got a new movie called Black Heat. Black Heat? Yes sir. Talk to me about that Black Heat. I shot this movie like two years ago out in Orlando. Okay. Jason Mitchell, dream doll. Me. Oh, Jason Mitchell my guy. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. It's going to be real dope. That's up. It gonna be real dope. Let me talk to you about Black Heat. Now I want you to know this ain't from me. You see this, this guy, his name is Art, he works here. He at the other station right now.


Re what he, what do he say? You want me to read out loud? Yes sir. Man. Yes sir. Read it to yourself out loud. You know what it is. And when I sat down I said know what do mama, what's up man? I'm just telling you. He asked me to ask me that a man. But I'm not asking man. A man said you do. It is a grown ass man. A grown ass man. Took Charlemagne and said pause, pause, pause. There's an alleged leak picture of NLE Chopper Dick circulating online. It is been a big topic of comfortable because of his size. I'd include it in a question. If you're comfortable, can you please ask him about it? This shit is huge. Unc email Questions.


Hey, you said Black Heat. I thought that was a good segue. I don know yo. The man said this shit is huge. It is huge. Unc Even See the photo I saw, I saw that shit. What you talking about? That, that, that was AI though. Oh. That's not a real photo. But Emini here it is. It is. It ain't, it ain't wrong either though. Yeah. Wait, what you mean It is huge Unc? It is. You saying I was just telling somebody, somebody was just saying like, oh you, you, you a little shorter. I was like, well that come my dig. Hold me closer to the ground. It's a little heavy down there only You Okay. Yeah. Okay. I don't know why Art couldn't text that. The Jess Lauren. I was, I ain't my number. You wanna Know.


So I love how, how you showed me that message. So you didn't ask it? No. So You ain't Ate said I act gay. I ain't really gay, Y'all, bro. The last time you said you said you was gonna be celibate. Yeah. How that journey, how that journey coming along. You still celibate? Emini here. If I ain't celibate, I'm, I'm seeming return. So like I'm always in good gracious. So if I'm having sex, I ain't releasing, you know what I'm saying? I just keep it bottled up Here telling that lie I, that Kevin gate, that Kevin Gates lie. I swear that nobody does that man. My Brother, I swear we be on the same, you hear me? We be on the same type of knowledge. So what I do is if I'm, if I'm finna, you know, release, ah, you hear me?


Nah, you feel me? I keep it in and they go up their spine and this uses kuda line energy. You believe That? I swear to God Y'all Really believe that? No, it Believe he does out Here. For real. And then like, you know, you know how you'll be having sex and you will calm and your ass get tired. I don't get tired. She'll get tired. Hmm. What's the health benefit to that? A spiritual benefit. I don it's alright. So boom. All boom. That little, the the shit you released can make a whole child. Yep. So just imagine if you keep it in. You got babies in, you got babies in your stomach, all the babies building up in your stomach. I'm trying to imagine too. You gotta look it up.


Look It up though. Like look it up. You can't, you can look it Up. The girls that like, or the girl, whoever it is, she don't ever What You mean? Whoever It is Emini here. I didn't wanna say girls like I didn't wanna make it to like, it's a bunch of girls. Like Yeah I just, yeah, I don't know whoever. Thank You for the respect. Yes. You know what Emini here, I was trying to put you out there as like a oh, but when this is happening, she never says like, like, dang, I like you not gonna finish like that. I feel like sometimes women wanna conquer And deal what they be the devil. Why you want me to come so bad? Why you want me to release something that keep me powerful so bad? It was funny as hell. I did it one time. I did it one time and she was so shocked that none came out and she just kept going. She was just like, I ain't gonna do what she was doing.


But like, she just kept trying and like kept trying, kept trying. She giving You head or you having to say. So she would, she would basically, I don't want to, I don't want to say exactly what it is because let's Just say she was doing something with her hand. A hand job. But, but, but, but let's Just say I'm not the type nigga in, in the bedroom where it's like a hand job situation. It was a another circumstance where the hand job came in handy. I don't, I don't know if just put it that way, but when I it Teresa? Huh? Was it No, no, no, no, no. I don't want to say it because I, I tell y'all off your Momma sitting right there. Oh, she cool. She straight nose.


She been hearing me since I was about fifteen, fourteen, sixteen. Okay. So born. So she's doing the John ain ain't ain't came. So she's steady yanking at that motherfucker. She, she sneak yank that motherfucker not coming. And I keep telling her And I'm just looking at her, that Shit don't work, Ain't nothing, it's not working. And then I, I had to stop and tell her. I was like, you know you good. I said, I told you good, you good. And she was like, oh you done? He was like, bitch, no I'm done. I just told you I wasn't finna do so damn. You know, she was amazed though. She thought I did a magic trick. That Is a good question. How do you know when you're done? You gotta say it because they just don't know. They just keep trying or they either, I think she knew, but she just was like, couldn't fathom the fight.


So how Do you know? So you purposely shoot blanks? No, he don't shoot, I don't shoot it Just don't shoot. Oh, so you just, you can stop, you can literally stop yourself from you've mastered that. Like not coming. Yeah. But still being pleased. Like you still Yeah, Because so what happened there? Like, it, it, it turns into like a, like a orgasm type of sensation. It, it feels like I Right. Boom. Let's Just say when you come, it's more like a oh Release. That's a release. But when you hold it in, it's more like a, I don want, it's more like a, I Don it's not a sound. You gotta do the sound so I can understand the difference. So it's, and then what's up?


Sound weird but it's like a Mm it's like a, it's like self love. It's like, Hmm, You love yourself. I'm keep, I'm gonna keep like I like you, like you came in yourself. Yeah, I got you. I got you. I don't believe none of this bullshit you talking. I just don't feel like that's possible. You can ask anybody around me. I say it all day. I be trying to get him on the way with it. Nah, there's some ladies out there like, he lying. He nothing on my face last Night. Nah. Now some might say that 'cause some, you know, some done got that type treatment, but some know what's up. They'll be like, nah, he ain't lying than you have this person say he lying. Well that just mean you got a different experience than the other one. How do you pick and choose who gets the on the face and who gets the retention Saying like, rip you ripping some bitches off yo Nah, nah, No, not though.


I hate that. I hate that that that what they call that that Favoritism? Nah, that what they call that when they be like misconception. I really don't be be like doing that. Like that probably be something that I, I promote. But a lot of my music, when I make like freaky type music, I be celibate sometimes and it just be like I be having to fuck something, I'm gonna fuck the beat. But like a lot of people feel like I'm just slanging straight meat all around. Well, it's Out. I'm really not. I don't have no, I don't have that much time to, I really don't. I had to wake up at 7:00 AM right now after this, I gotta do this, do that, do that. I really don't have time no more for sex. Gotcha. Like that, like how I used to.


But when did You decide that you wanted Black Heat to be a porno? What? When did I decide I wanted Black Heat to be a porno? When was it? It's A movie. Movie. Oh, it's not a Porn ORs a movie. It's not a porn movie. Oh, okay, okay, okay. And if it was a porno, Jason Mitchell would not belong in the porn is true. Come on. That is true man. So, but, but what is it about, just give us a brief synopsis on what Black Heat is. So Black Heat is something I'm, I'm extremely proud of because, you know, absolutely I'm a, I'm a father. So the whole story is about how Jason Mitchell and Dream Doll is pretty much trying to protect their daughter. And you know, every day that's what's happening in The World with people that's, you know, fathers, mothers.


We're trying to figure out ways to protect our children, beat up for 'em, emotionally, physically, mentally, whatever way we can. And I feel like that's what brought clarity to me wanting to really be a part of the project even though I played a role that wasn't the best role, but I feel like it's still a representation of what's going on everyday in life. So I still, even though my role wasn't the most positive, I still come to the table and serve purpose for the overall gist, which is protecting our loved ones, protecting our loved ones and our babies, which I love my kids. Are you in LE? My bad. Alright. Are you NLE chopper in the movie or Nah, nah, nah, nah. I'm, I'm, my name is King David.


Okay. Yeah. Okay. And what's the, you said you don't play the most greatest character. Like what is the, what's his storyline? I'm pretty much like in the, in the movie my character is, I'm young, but I kind of take advantage of girls. That's not as, how you put it, that's not like, not underage, but not as mature. Not as like street smart, still young, you know what I'm saying? You know, you got some girls that's still real young and it's like, yeah, Green, it's easy to control Them. Green. Green, yeah. Easy to control 'em and get them and like, pretty much I'm selling the dream.


I'm like Manipulation, narcissistic and stuff. Yeah, yeah. What I'm playing. Okay. But at the same time, still a gangster with it though. So like certain shit I could, I could, I could, I could really channel, but certain shit I couldn't, you know what I'm saying? Certain shit. I was like, like for instance, it was a moment where I had to do something physical to, to the, to the actress on camera. And like after every scene I had to like, my conscious couldn't let me walk away without apologizing. And I'm like, I'm sorry, like I'm a side. She was like, no, we're just acting. But like one time, like she, the the, what I love about acting though is like, it creates real things that has went on with people because like, it was one time where when I did it, I think it was the first time I did what I did, she like genuinely like cried.


Like it really like brought a trigger. So like something she, she had went through. Mm. And she played the role so well and then I played my role so well I, I feel like people was looking at me like, yeah. Mm, like what you be doing? I'm like, I'm like bro. Especially When you play a role too good. Yeah. I was like, I don't know man. I don't know. What did You channel though? What did you channel to play King David? So my thing is with acting, when I, when I had to channel something, I want to figure out the why, why is King David like this? How was he brought up? So I'm always talking to the director, the script writers. I'm like, what is the reason of why he was like this? And you know, the main reason was the main reason that my character was like, that is the main reason why a lot of us are the way we are.


It's just about how we was raised, what our upbringing was, who were our parents, what traits did they have, what curses did they pass down. So with me knowing King Davis backstory, I knew what I was inheriting and what I inherited was just a boy that needed love. And so, you know, as a boy that needed love. I just did what a boy that needed love would do. Yeah. And that's what, and and, and the best thing they do is reject it. Like when they need it, they, when they really need it, they reject it because they don't know how to receive it. So I feel like that road was easy. I deal with a lot of people in the youth. I done been in the streets, I done been to the jailhouse, I done been to juvenile.


I already know what, oh that nigga need a hug. Look like he just need a hug. His mama ain't ain't ain't breastfeed him enough, ain't cuddle with him enough and hold that boy. That's, that's absolutely true. You know, we talk about guys Emini here, women having daddy issues all the time. It be, it'd be like that with men too. Yeah. Sons need they fathers Sons need they fathers they mothers. And sometimes, you know, I feel like I feel like my, my character what was crazy though, what was crazy was I had my father And I feel like this also happens in our community. We have our dad, but our dad won't really be shit neither. So like, so like my father, he, he, he was a, in the movie, he was like a standup guy.


He was a king. Like he, that's why I got the name King David from in the movie. Like my father was a, was a, was a high ranking king in a movie. Like he was this big dude, big this, big that. But he didn't teach me the stuff that was valuable enough to carry me with humility. He more so taught me how to be of greed, how to gain territory. But he never taught me how to uphold it, upkeep it in a professional manner. So Yeah, this movie is gonna be in theaters too. Yeah, It is gonna be. Congratulations bro. Beat man. You know it is not gonna help you beat the Illuminati Allegations. I saw you responded to some lady, the young lady said you sold your soul. Yeah. And you said she was just mad.


You ain't giving none of that 15 inch dick. Damn you saw that? Yeah. You said 15 inch. I don't know. I think I saw You now you it is huge for Sure added inches on that. You know what I'm saying? But why would she say you sold your soul? I don't know. I feel like on some real, on the real bro. I feel like what's to be perceived online that's always going to not hit with what's reality in my life. Have I sold my soul? I have yet to compromise. I swear to God I have yet to compromise And I've seen people compromise And I don't even get offered to compromise because my energy too strong.


Wouldn't nobody even know how to come to me for a compromise? Because I don't give invites and energy to it. So have I sold my soul? Only thing I see on my soul too is the most high. I love to live free, I love to keep everything intact with what I believe in. But I'm also, I also came to a space to where I wanted to drop certain things I was holding on. So deep


Divorce can leave you feeling isolated. Like you're stuck on an island with no direction. But you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com because you deserve a better path forward.


Hey, it's Rich Davis from Covino and Rich. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability climate side of tundra and experience the uncompromising strength with its available I force Max Engine and Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out a Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Prohibition. It's no secret that banning alcohol didn't stop people from living it up in the 1920s, When we're five years into prohibition, the government is starting to go, okay, this isn't working. In fact you might even say it backfired spectacularly, I'm Ed Helms and on season three of my podcast snafu we're taking you back to the 1920s and the tale of formula six Because what you probably don't know about prohibition is that American citizens were dying in massive numbers due to poisoned liquor. And all along an unlikely duo was trying desperately to stop the corruption behind it. They Were like superhero crusaders turning the page on a system that didn't work, wasn't fair and was corrupt. So how did prohibitions war on alcohol go so off the rails that the government wound up poisoning its own people to find out, listen and subscribe to snafu on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Is this a good time? It's me, Dylan Mulvaney and my dear friend Joe Locke from Heart Stopper and Agatha all along is my very first guest on my brand new podcast The Dylan Hour. It's musical mayhem and it is going to be so much fun. I Like a man. You like a man. What do I like Joe? You like a man too. We often, there's some we have quite similar, there's some cross pollination happening in here. Not like no Have we? No, no, Not yet. Never. Not yet. Say never. I cannot wait for all you girls gaze and nays to join me on this extremely special pink confection of a podcast. There is so much darkness in this world and what I think we could all use more of is a little joy. Listen to the Dylan Hour on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to your podcasts. Love ya Deeply too.


To become a new version of myself. So if that look like I sold it out Emini here, that's probably what she's trying to get at. But in reality I wanted to free myself from, from things that I've been brought up to be important. Like, you know, gangsterism. Like I, I know who I am, I know I'm gonna hold myself And I know anybody play with me. If anybody cross their line, I promise you going to stay there. I swear to God. But I'm not seeing that happen. Like how it was you not looking for it. I'm not looking for it. And I also think God has put me in a new atmosphere to stay above it so I don't have to carry that, that tough guy shit with me no more. Because I feel like God has renewed my life and, and gave me more life to the point to where I don't even gotta, before I even tow a weapon or something, I'm already mentally not putting myself in that predicament to have to use it.


That's what I realized. Like if I'm, if I'm putting myself in a predicament to where I gotta use something, then that's why I went wrong. But I'm trying to be away from it. I'm trying to be positive, I'm trying to be clean. I'm trying to be a better example for my kids 'cause I got children, like I said. So you, I'm just trying to live and I'm also trying to be there for 'em. So when mom say I sold out, Hey listen, I sold out for the most high. I sold out for my mother dorms, my pops, I sold out for my kids. That's who I sell out to. So whatever way I can sell out to them, I'm gonna do it. So. Well, speaking of positivity in your kids, you did something on Valentine's Day And I thought it was so dope. The apology, the song Crescent Moon.


Yeah. Just back up for me and just talk to me about like your decision to make the song and then your, your decision to release the song to your apology to your kids' mom. So the song Making a song got man, it was something happened and they like reached like a, a breaking point for me where I just needed to sit down and write my rooms. I'll never forget it. I was in San Diego and I just sat down, I booked a studio session 'cause I was kind of like just fed up with the situation we had at hand. But you know, I sat down and, and the whole time like for a year or so after we, I thought after everything happened and hit the fan, I had been like in denial that I did wrong. Just because I felt as if I was being honest.


But in the same sense of me being honest, that doesn't take away from what, what hurts you may cause it's just because you blunt. So in that space, I started to sit down, I opened up my journal, I started to jot right down all my wrongs where I felt I was wrong at and just take accountability. And once I looked at 'em and read over 'em, it don't matter 'cause I always felt my good outweighed my bad. But you know, I'm saying when I wrote everything down, I realized some of the bad, some of the broken promises, the, the, the the the gratitude how much weight it carried can overshadow the goods. Yeah. So I took accountability for that.


I put it in a song and music with me is my way of releasing music is the best way I can communicate to a person. So I made it, I played it for my mom, she cried. I was like dang. And I was listening to it, listening to it. And I ain't never played it for my baby mother. I just kept it as like, you know, part of my journal. And one day I built the courage to play it for her And I played it for her. She cried hard, she cried hard, I played it twice. She cried and I was like, this is my way of just trying to apologize to you. And a few months go by, I still didn't release it, but I wanted to make the moment real in person before I could get on social media and say like, Hey this is what we doing.


And one day she hit me, she was like, I feel like you've done everything but, but publicly apologize to me. And I feel like I was like, you know, I apologize to you in private all the time. Like what's what's real with what we got going on is in person. She said, but I felt embarrassed publicly. And I was like, you know what? I said it makes a lot of sense. So I feel I owed her that And I felt like the most perfect time to do it was on Valentine's Day. And I I after that I felt like a lot of the relationship become, become, it is not, it's not the most perfect but it's a work in progress and it is keep moving up every day I feel like.


So, you know, I'm grateful for it. Well you know, the best apology has changed behavior. Yeah. Yeah. That too. Emini here. So how do you plan on being, I guess more present to correct it? Emini here? My, my, my behavior is, is changed. But I also feel like, I also feel like at the end of the day, the healing wound Emini here. Not the healing wound. The healing wound and like how timing works with it is also of the other essence. You know what I'm saying? Like I work towards myself every day. I feel like I'm a great guy just simply because I pray for guidance, I look for guidance, I seek it And I try to figure out how I can be the best version of me every day. You know, regardless of if somebody's sitting there and seeing it every day, everybody ain't gonna see your shadow work.


But I know I'm putting it in so I'm cool with that. But sometimes, you know, it is just about timing man. You could be, you could be the most polished version of yourself but you know, everybody gotta be able to receive it. The person you're trying to go to gotta be able to receive it. And if they're not ready to receive it yet, shit, that's just something that's probably your corner you gotta deal with. And I'm cool with that too. I just wait till you able to fully receive it. How has the communication with you guys behind the scenes changed? Like even before you publicly apologized? Like what was that, what was it like prior to you playing the song for her and what is it like now? After Prior to, I feel like it was a situation to where it was like, it reached a point to where for like a month straight, like a month, month and a half straight.


It was like, it was kind of cold because she was telling me that she needs that apology publicly. She needs it, she needs it. But I was just telling her like she felt as if I was trying to brush her off, but I was really just trying to plan it for Valentine's Day. 'cause I thought it was sweet. Like, so the toughest part of that whole month process was like trying to keep her in a good graces. But she thought like I was playing with her 'cause I told her, I was like, I got you, I promise I got you. And the whole time when I'm saying I got you, it was like, it wasn't trusted enough. But it is, it is understood why I wasn't trusting probably I ain't kept my word a lot of the times.


So I'm cool with, with you not trusting my word, but in the back of my mind and on my heart in between me and God, I knew I had her. So I feel like when she synced it, it was like a, a big burden was lifted off her back and she smiled. You know what I'm saying? So You you got a song in a film too and Black Heat Hard Life featuring Kerry Washington. That's the actor or that's the singer. So that's Carrie Washington is my artist Care was, she's a singer. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. She's, she's real dope. A brilliant talent. And that song is, is pretty much about, you know, protecting kids. How are we gonna protect our kids growing up? How are we gonna show them how to be better individuals? Mm. Be a man and how to be the best diva.


The the humblest diva is what I try to get my daughter to be. Yeah. And I write letters to, to my kids in the, in the, in the song. It's pretty much something deep that I shed to him. So it's gonna be a real, real dope, dope song. Really a dope project from the movie and the music coming together. I know they said you gotta go 'cause you gotta go do the Today Show. But I I do wanna ask you a couple more questions real quick. Why did you tell Kai tonight you wanted do nothing on his butt? Ah, I did not. You said You told Kaisa not you wanted I did not. On his butt. I did not. I was singing my song. Didn't mean that on your butt, But you tweeted it. I did not tweet it. It was a TikTok it was something Nah, you right.


Trying, trying to get let pull it up there. What On the stream Or something? I'm looking at it on X right now. So what you okay, wait. Yeah. Anna Lee Chopper a let me nut on your butt, Kai and not stops the music and they, They talking about what happened on the stream Singing. Okay, Okay. Okay. Did you not warn them that the song like that was the lyrics? No. Crazy. I ain't, I sorry because I ain't hear it but I saw it. I'm like what? Okay. He was singing your lyrics? No, no I was, he was singing lyrics on the stream and Kai would stop the song like, what, what's Happening At you? I was fucking with him though. Like IIII was singing the lyrics but I, I was looking at him and he felt uncomfortable.


Yeah, You can't look at man eyes while you're doing that song. You just, at the ladies I knew he was gonna do it. You know, you know how niggas play bro. You know how you joke with your big people. Oh, him and Envy all the time. Yes. Yes he do. He know he did gay over there. Yes. That's Queen. Look at Queen. Call him Queen Mother. I'm telling you. But one thing I did see with my own eyes and heard what my own is, was D one said that you have a serious calling Yeah. On your life. I love D one by the way. Yeah. He's a great guy. And and he wouldn't say that to you if he didn't really feel it. Yeah man. So how did that, how did you receive that? I received it. Well I received it very well. I'm glad he spoke it over me as well. I'm highly aware of it.


I feel like I'm tested every day. I'm still one of the youngest thriving people in the game, so I know it's, I know the anointment on my life. I know how big it is. In the same token, I still don't know because I know like when we think big God thinks Your penis, Oh Jesus Christ, that was crazy. I don't know y'all lemme go look up this picture because I, I need to figure out how I can see how big God is thinking for you. Crazy. Yo. But to your point, you just don't know who, who you can end up being in life. Malcolm little Malcolm X was Malcolm little first. You know what, Emini here. Yeah. I feel like, I feel like I know, I know the magnitude.


I know what I come here to do and like I feel like as long as I know that And I know it's going to be gigantic, like a lot of people may look at me and be like, oh it is just this guy or it is just this kid that we saw grew. But it is like going to be in a way that you can't even explain. I know the purpose of my life and it, it, it, it, it humbles me every day. And sometimes I'm not a person that live in fear but it low key, like it doesn't scare me but it frightens me a little bit just because I know the burden that I'm carrying is something that the most I sign to me. And it's also the reason why I feel my path isn't as easy as a lot of people.


I'm thriving. I'm getting a lot of success right up. But my path, my path is, is different. Yeah. Because like I said earlier, I ain't compromised. It ain't none that I'm doing to, to get further by quick gain. I'm taking a longer road and I'm trusting God throughout it and I'm listening to the whispers and the wind and I'm going by my day. But no, I know it's big. I know it's huge 'cause everybody around me, all my peers, they either beefing with somebody they dying or they going to jail. I'm not doing none of that to stay relevant. I'm just being me. I pull up as me, I be in my lane. Don't nobody post n league music but me and my team And I just still thrive in a solo space.


And I wake my ass up every day And I make sure that I'm doing what I'm doing. I stay on my prayer. I pray for I touch my phone, I pray for I eat, pray for my plane line, pray for a takeoff. I pray throughout the day. I fast. I put the work in. I be with my kids. I glorify God. That's all I speak about. All those things. I see why people feel threatened when my aura come around. So Emini here, listen, some people say I'm this, some people say I'm this. Some people say I'm gay. Some people say I sold my soul. But hey let's go into the Kevin Gates revelations. Find a nigga I told on find a nigga that stuck they dick in me. Find a nigga I stuck my dick in.


I'm a add to what he said. Find a nigga I put my mouth on. Find all of that. Find me being a devil worshipers, find me doing rituals, find me praying upon kids like these people doing, find all that shit and then come talk to me and pull up real receipts. And You also really grounded you keep moms with you, keep your family with you. You know, you, that's one thing I always adore about you. Like you're very grounded and you're intentional about what everything you do. For Sure he done, he done seen me walk in this room for what, seven years now. I feel like it been longer When you first found United Math. How long ago This?


16, 16, 17, 18, 19, 21, 22, 6 years. But it's going on seven. So like Does it ever get annoying having to address stuff like that though? Like the gay stuff, the gay baiting, all that stuff. Hey, you wanna know something? What I realized was like with the greats, everybody thought there was something with 'em. That's right. They said Prince was gay. They said MJ touched kids. Some people thought he was gay. They bro, everybody That's great. Especially that's like melanin color. That's right. We get crucified the most and it is really by our own community a lot of times. And it is sad as fuck. I don't see that going on in other communities. These niggas get allegations and shit and they stand with they people.


I don't believe that Tom never did that. He didn't touch those kids. But when, when, when it happened to us, they, it is just like I knew it. I knew that it was like, it was like we ain't innocent to proven guilty no more. We guilty of real. And that's like something that's been instilled in us since slavery. I guess it's just like something that we ain't really broke out of. Like I feel like niggas would've been hating on me for, for shit back in the day if I got promoted to house, nigga, why you mad at me? 'cause I'm finna be in the house chilling. Jay-Z was up here years ago and Jay-Z said that the reason people do that, especially people from our community, black people, is because they want to justify their failures. They want to be able to say, I didn't make it 'cause I didn't sell my soul, I didn't make it 'cause I didn't, you know, join the Illuminati instead of just no you didn't make it 'cause maybe you just don't got the talent, you didn't make it, maybe you didn't put the work in.


Yeah. So people use that to justify their failures. Yeah man. It is. It is, it is. It is. It is a it's a conversation that can go on for a long, long time man. Yeah, but it's, it is very, it's very, it it, it is like disheartening man. I don thing you could do is smile at it. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Alright. And just keep waving by and keep going to where you gotta go. But God bless. I pray for people that ain't found God because when you judge me, you just let me know you ain't found God. I never judged nobody around me. I say, Hey, that's some shit I wouldn't do. Or like, Hey, that's Well her wig, why you pointing at her? Like no, First of all, first of all, what you mean? First of all, he'd even point directly to me.


What happen is you're sitting next to a dark cloud. You're sitting next to darkness. Okay. That's what's happening. All right. Because she wear wig when you wear your dur rat. I didn't know. I, I never, I didn't know. I did not know. We know NLE Chapel new film, Black Heat and Theaters March 28th. March 28th, man. Hey continue success man. Keep growing, keep evolving man. We love to see it. Yeah man. Go get to Duck Boost two factory laugh colors. Look, somebody hear me that real fast. Please if you can, you Ain't gonna reach that. You read that Please. Oh shit. Baltimore got up much Double boot. We just got a new colorway. We got this. Not now only in, we got this not only in yellow but black, blue, gray and red.


I believe That's what's up. Yo. Literally look, you know you gave me some right? So my son was like, I want him to come out with some more colors 'cause I don't like yellow on the top. And now you coming out with colors. Got 'em. All right. Got, that's What's up. Got 'em, got 'em. And like I said, support black people, black people that support each other. They ain't even that high. That stand for each other stand together because I own this shoe, right? I don't, I'm not a slave to the shoe. I own it. And that's something that we need to keep instilling into the community. Rather we're supporting someone with ownership or trying to create and gain ownership for ourselves. So you know, much love. Thank y'all for having me again. Thank you Charlie Chopper. It's The Breakfast Club. Wake that ass up early in the morning.


The Breakfast Club


Divorce can leave you feeling isolated like you're stuck on an island with no direction. But you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com because you deserve a better path forward.


Hi, this is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years from developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. And with Toyota's superior lineup of SUVs in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out an adventure Ready RAV4 designed to be the perfect mix of style, practicality and go anywhere attitude or a test drive a capable and affordable Corolla cross with the style, space and available tech to keep you cool and connected. And both RAV4 and Corolla Cross are available with all wheel drive giving you the freedom to roam quality, reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Prohibition is synonymous with speakeasies, jazz, flappers, and of course failure. I'm Ed Helms and on season three of my podcast snafu, there's a story I couldn't wait to tell you. It's about an unlikely duo in the 1920s who tried to warn the public that prohibition was going to backfire so badly. It just might leave thousands dead from poison. Listen and subscribe to Snafu on the iHeartRadio app, a Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island Stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes. But don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca Ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses, but everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing. Karen, Where have you brought us? Cancellation Island. Where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.