
You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke. Break


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with a nice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education, employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne Nega. We are The Breakfast Club. And we got a special guest in the building that came in here so delightful and bright and nice ladies and gentlemen. Lying. She was not lying. Ladies definitely came in lying. She was not lying. Ladies and gentlemen do. She's here. Good morning, baby. Good Morning. I'm great Man. It feel good to see you. Yeah. Because the last time you was here, no label reps were with you. No, it was though. Yeah. But when you see the whole label here with you, that's when You know you really doing good. So congratulations. Thank you. Absolutely. Yeah. Thank you so much.


It has been a while. I think last time I was talking about fighting it, it was a lot going on. Yeah. Did you get a call after that? Did that person call you? Oh my God. They didn't call me. Okay. They didn't call me. But I, it, it doesn't matter. We don't need to discuss. I learned my message from life. My lesson not Well, how much has life changed? It's changed. I mean, a lot. I've been nonstop like on the go. I've been really, really busy. In a good way. Mm. Performing a lot. I just got off tour, which is incredible. Grammy nom a lot. We're Very well deserved by the way. Thank you very, A lot of things have been happening. I feel good. You've receiving a hip hop disruptor award?


Yes. How that feel? They just made that up. I was like, You Know, it's real. When they got make a Name, they gotta make an award. You in a lane of your own. It feels good. I mean, I'm just like, wow. Hip hop disruptor. That, that resonates with me heavily. Feels good. Do you consider yourself just a rapper though? I think a overall artist, but first a rapper for sure. Tampa from Tampa. Remember we were talking about artists from Tampa, from Tampa, Florida. Tampa. Yeah. But Doce sound is just different. Like I couldn't You I don I listen to her. I don't know where she from. She just, that's right. Never Galaxy is different. Thank you. I will always say Spooky Coochie is my favorite song. I know you here talk about alligator bites Never heal, but like Girl, that's my jam.


Thank you. Right there. Yeah. Let's talk about the name of the album. Yeah. Or, or mix tape. It's a mix tape album mix tape mix tape. Alligator bites Never Heal. Yes. Why? Why is the name of that? And you talk about it all the time, but this is a different, I know this is a group of People I know. I mean, today it's like, it's about this never ending cycle of life of you always have a series of truths that you have to constantly come to within yourself over and over again. It's about patterns, essentially. It's like when you get over one hurdle and you, you cool in, then you have another one to jump in and it's another one.


And it's just about accepting that there's always gonna be more to discover about yourself. There's always gonna be more things to dislike about yourself or like about yourself. The more you go on in life. And that's what it's about. Ultimately, you'll always be wounded in some type of way and then you'll always heal. Well, when did, when did you get bit by an alligator Chad? Why did it never hit chill? Did you go to the doctor? Did you even try to go to the hospital to see? I have never been bitten by an alligator. Okay. I would hope that would never happen to me, but I'd be around 'em all the time. Because you're From Tampa? Yeah. Florida. What came up with that? Even that concept, like just to even the, I don't know what you call it, a metaphor, whatever or Yeah. What made you come up with that cold Story? I don't know.


It really was deeply spiritual. It just came to me. Like I I, I always had the name before I even had a project put together. I was like, one day I'm gonna do a project. It's gonna be called Alligator Bites. Never heal and the music will make sense with it one day. Yeah. Oh, so you've been thought of this? Mm, yes ma'am. Okay. Now you talk about changing and, and things that you like about yourself and don't like about yourself. Yeah. What did you see that, that you didn't like about yourself? I think when I was creating this project, I was always drunk, always drinking, always partying. And I couldn't recognize myself at all because I wasn't really myself. I was intoxicated. Whether I'm smoking, I'm drinking or whatever.


And I wasn't liking the person that was reflecting back at me. And I was like, okay, I think it's time to like sober up And I need to just get away from people and figure out who am I right now. Because I feel like I was carrying this version of myself that I had been since I was like 20, 21. You know what I mean? And it was no longer serving who I was to become. And when it was no longer serving me, I was like, okay, let's make a change. And I felt heavily inspired And I made the album Badda Bing badda, boom. Now I'm in the data suit. You know, I When you get to that point though, because You know in denial as a river, you talk about that a lot. You talk about, You know, being in, I guess that, that that that dark period.


But You know, also being caught up in the fast lane of being a rapper. So you had to be lying to yourself for a while. The name of denial is a river. Hmm. Once you get to the point where you was like, You know what, I am kind of fucked up out here. I don't think I was ever lying to myself. Denial is a river. I, I titled it that because I was dealing with somebody who was lying to themselves. But anyways, I I came to that point when I realized that I couldn't create music without drinking in the studio. And that was my breaking point where I was like, oh, I have truly forgotten the source of my creativity, the source of who I am. And I've, I'm looking for things outside of me to be myself.


That's weird. The, did Wendy Williams influence den denial. Real? Yeah. That quote. Wow. Yeah. Well, was it so you was in a situation like that? Yeah. Wow. Don't say that again like that man. It's Shocking. Shocking. Wow. Isn't that, I mean, no, not in 2024. Not really. It's not shocking. No. How do you deal with that when a person, when you find that out? I mean that it's, that was never the problem. I think the problem was that you cheated on me. You also could have let me know upfront, You know what your style was. I'm bisexual. That's cool. I've dated bisexual man. No Problem.


Well, it is different when it's a, it is different when it's a man. Let me know what it is upfront. Yeah. You can make decision. Be honest. Let me know what it is upfront. I'll accept you for who you are. It doesn't really matter. I think it's like cheating on top of lying in secrecy about just who you are as a person. So you wouldn't have a problem dating or you dated a bisexual man. Absolutely. Hundred percent. That's what this song is about. That's what we Do. It's like, how can I be bisexual and then I'm, I'm going to Yeah. Not date somebody who else? Who's bisexual. Why? Because he is a man. Because People look at it differently. Yes. People people, people look at it differently. It's in this world, it's okay for another woman to be with another woman, but for a man to be with another woman, people look at that differently in a bisexual relationship. Yeah. Absolutely not. I hear that all the time. I, it's, I don't see it that way.


I really don't. I I think that sexuality is, is fluid And I really don't give a damn Because then that's contradicting. It is. You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. How could I sit up here and be bisexual and then be like, oh no, he bisexual. I can't girl, Whatever. So what's your relationship like now? 'cause I saw where you said you have a girlfriend now. Yeah. It's wonderful. Oh, Oh, she giddy you like Yeah. Does she trust you? Oh my God. I'm just saying. Yeah. I would hope so. Hey, yo. Jesus. Yes she does. Okay. Okay. Okay. I love the fact that you also named songs after things that I love. 'cause I'm from the South. You Literally look like you just don't age. You look fantastic on, by the way.


You know? Really good. That's a Vibe. Tell me more. Okay. As you were saying, well no, You, you named, you named the songs after things that I love, like Boil peanuts. Yes. Catfish. What You know about Blue Peanuts? Whatcha you from? We From Carolina? Hey, come on now. Okay. Talking About fireflies. Yeah. Like what made you pay homage to those things? Just the little things that I like in Florida. The little things that make up the swamp. Things that I think are cool. Even Bullfrogs, you gotta be from the country to, even though the bullfrog is Yeah, I hate those things. I've never, I only hear 'em. I don dunno what that is. I've seen them. Okay. Ugh. Yeah. Yo, you people in the south, like the little States.


I know I'm lying. I'm over here. He's like, like fireflies. Make peanuts. You beautiful. Oh, what You, you showing off your white side? We don't wanna hear you say nigga no more. Yo shut. Speaking of that, speaking of that, God Kendrick said you the hardest out. He did. How did that make you feel? That was great. It's Kendrick. I was like, I do. Yeah. He didn't say she hard. He said the Hardest, hardest out. That's Right. Period. It's the word with a period. And men don't even be using periods. So That's a big Deal. These niggas did not. They do, but Yeah. Has he given you that validation off, off offline too? Like just, We've actually never met in person.


I haven't, I haven't met him in person yet, but he has given me my props publicly, which is incredible. That's dope. And the day I meet him, cia, that's, it's gonna be a really good thing. Had y'all spoke before that or So you've never even spoken? I've never met Kendrick. Wow. Never met him. Never spoke to him. No. Nothing. He just randomly post posted. Wow. And then you were assigned to TTDE for four years and you didn't drop, you didn't drop anything with him? No. Why Is that? I didnt, it took me a really, really long time to figure out the direction of where I wanted to go with my music. And I think that we were dropping singles and it's like, it had time had been, time had gone by And I was trying to discover who I was musically through singles And I couldn't discover that through a full body project.


Hmm. And I was like, I need to drop a mix tape and get something out so that I can have a, a project to measure up to. You know, you have artists that are single artists and then you have artists that are like conceptual album artists. Yeah. And I think that I'm that type of artist. Absolutely. And I couldn't see that because I had never dropped a project before. So it was like four years went by And I got 10 singles out. I was like, listen, yeah, we gotta let something go as soon as possible. But yeah. Was it a fight? Was topping punch like against it or? No, I don't think that, I actually don't work with Punch, but Okay. But no, it's not that they were against it. It was just a lot of back and forth about what it is that I wanted to say.


And do we, do we wanna go this direction? Do we want to go that direction? Do I want pop? Do I want, what type of artist do I wanna be? And it took me a minute to kind of figure that out. How big is TDE that you don't work or punch? I mean, punch is heavily in with SSA And I mean, SSA's a global superstar. She's busy. So this Shows you mad love though. Yeah. That's my girl. That's my girl. She's incredible. So When you're creating, it's just you in the studio like, yeah. Wow. Damn. Yeah. That's even, no, I don't like anybody in the studio. Don't Matter. Now there's, there's rumors that, You know, you haven't met Kendrick, but there's rumors that you're gonna be meeting him soon. 'cause they said that you possibly are going out on tour with Kendrick and s Is there any truth to that?


You could lie about everything else, but you can't keep that one. I have y'all please. I have not met Kendrick. I don't know what Kendrick has up his leave. I don't know what's to come. But I know that I am prepared to receive any opportunity. Right. That comes my way. But truly, I have no idea. I heard you on his deluxe album or the next project he's dropping. I'm sorry. Yeah. How I'm on it. I ain't never even met him. I don't know y'all Can do. So y'all can send records back and forth. I have, I have no idea what he has us, his sleeve. I, I don't know what's going on. You Going to the Super Bowl? I don't know. You Performing at the Super Bowl? I have no idea what is going On.


I I love, I love your song Bloom too. Thank you. And you talk about, You know, constantly neglecting important aspects in your life. Like checking on your family, making time for yourself. You've only gotten more busy. You know, you only getting more money. So how are you, You know, balancing those things Now I am balancing them. Listen, I use d and D to the fullest of my potential. When I'm off work, I'm truly off work. That's how I, I have my balance. When I have my me time, that's my me time. And if I need three days where it is nothing and nobody, I'm gonna take that time. So understand that's how I keep my balance is just shutting everybody out when I need me. Time has family gotten more aggressive? 'cause they, You know, you aggressive. I meaning you're more visible now. Like people see you now.


A lot of people talking about you and You know, sometimes they think that you got more than you got. People's families get aggressive. Oh yeah. Like let me get a, we used to be a hundred dollars. Especially about the holiday. The holiday season. Nah, not my family. Not my family. I about that. My family's very, very supportive of me. They hold me down like big time. I was just at my Tampa show. My entire family came like half my family was the goddamn audience. I was like, y'all are pushing my fans out the way. So nah. Did your label really tell you not to put out so much rap back to back? Who said that? Online. It's a bunch of stuff online. Yeah. Rap to rap back to Back. Like, no, not to put out so much rap back to back. Like, not to so Much hiphop music.


Yeah, so much. Yeah. No they didn't. People be lying. Why would they not want me to Rap? That's the point. I, I don't know. I just, I seen it. I wanted to hear from your mouth. Yeah. No. Do you still have a Nissan Altima? Hell no. No, but it's crazy. I actually just, I got rid of it. The video that we shot, that was when I got rid of it. Why would you get rid of it? That was the first car that the label got me when I first got here. I didn't have a car and they got me the Label bought you a Nissan Altima when you got to New York. Come on top. Damn. He got me a Nissan Altima. How Bought you a Nissan Altima? What year was it? He didn't buy me a Nissan Altima. He just said drive This. He gave me Nissan, Nissan year.


I didn't have a car. I ain't have no money. It was like, look little lady, you need to take it easy. You gotta crawl for your balls. That's, That's Good though. They gave me Nissan. Nissan, I crashed it. It was horrible. And that's the reason why they gave me Nissan Altima. Damn. But the new one I don't drive. No Damn it. I had never had a car before either. And I, I didn't drive. So Wait a, come on now. Explain this to me Again. When I, before I got signed, I never had a car before. Okay. And I didn't drive. So I came here And I was like, I need to learn how to drive And I need a car. I need to get around. So they were like, here, you can just try your best with this one. Did you have a license? It was horrible. I did have a license. Okay. But I didn't drive. How'd you crash in New York? What you mean In New York? From the country. I, I, it was a culture shock when I first started driving up there.


La Oh, la okay. La But LA is stressful driving. It's too much. I get anxiety. Even to this day. I don't drive. It's too much. But yeah, I wreck the car. It was horrible. So it's no look. No, they said they didn't want a ton of hard rap songs back to back. Like, they wanted you to spread 'em out. Jess like you this rumor, this is what they saying. So. Oh, all right. All right. So she said no. All right, cool. Nah, nah, nah, nah. Td iss gonna always push me and want me to rap. Like that's the core of the label. So On the song Nissan Altima, you say she's munching on the box while she watching Hulu. Absolutely. How does she do That? So who's, who's, You know I'm old.


So you got a school Me. When you say she, you're talking about she's munching the box while she watching Hulu. But the, she watching Hulu is you, It could be more than two girls in there. It Could be. Yeah. You never know. You don't know what's going on. It's a lot of girls in there. It could be two, it could be three, it could be six. Because if she watching Hulu, how's she much in the box at the same time? It could be one. You gotta focus. That's not true. Well, she's terrible at her job. Women can multitask. You have to do a visual for this song video. Women can multitask. You would be surprised what can go down in these lesbian relationships. You can do a lot. You could save world hunger and still eat the box at the same time.


I know that's right. Y'all just Greeted.


The holidays are here. And it's that time of year to think about Yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guest, the party planning and the true meaning for this season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now's the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I mean, personally, I would just love one of those robo self-cleaning kitty litter boxes. Think about things. I know that's real specific, but hint, hint. And here's a tip, write a list and execute early. Find the best holiday gifts on Amazon. Shop great deals now on Amazon. And visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


What does it feel like to get the new iPhone 16 pro with at t? Next up. Anytime. It's like when you first pick up those tongs and you're now the one running the grill, it's indescribable like something you've never felt before. All the mouthwatering anticipation of new possibilities, whether it's making a perfect cheeseburger or treating your family to a grilled baked potato, which You know will forever change the way you look at potatoes with at and t. Next up, anytime you can feel this way again and again. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 pro with Apple intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up. Anytime at t connecting changes everything. Apple intelligence coming fall 2024 with Siri and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone four details.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moon roof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. Stay farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because Like a good neighbor is State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


World hunger, maybe. Nah, it's just interesting. That's why I say I love the titles of your songs because it's like, it's clearly just a feeling, right? Yeah. Like you write these records and you're like, what does this record feel like? Yeah, this record feels like a Nissan Altima. It does. I was like, 'cause that record to me. It feels like when you like freestyling with your girls and you're just smoking in the car and y'all freestyling. That's what it gives me. You. I also wonder too, with TDE, was there ever like, I don't wanna say pushback, but it's like they have a scissor, right? So it's like, if you started, when you do like to sing sometimes, do they ever discourage you from doing that? Like no. Just stick to never. I don think never. Okay. They don't.


My label does not bother me in the studio. Like I, I don't like people in the studio with me. I like to record alone. I'm by myself. Nobody's interrupting me. It's just like, do your thing. I sing, I sing. I got what it is. That's nothing. That's a full singing song. There's no rap on there. It's like Whatever. The reason I asked because on Boomba music was like, I just, I just can't sing a little bit. No. 'cause literally I felt like with boom bap, it was like I'm internalizing all of the chatter that I'm getting from fans, from haters, from major label, from the guys. Like, oh yeah, we really like when you rap now we really like when you sing she should keep doing the pop.


She should keep doing this. And I was just too focused on what everybody else wanted for Doce versus what Doce wanted for Doce. Is that a diamond tester? Yeah. Yes. All right. You know these rapper playing with, So y'all check y'all Clocking up, right? What? That's scary. Why Not? That's gotta be some form of bullying. No, it is. You Just check my ring the other day. What? You see his now crazy. Yeah. I wanted to ask too. You know, She tucked, that Took mine. Now you talked earlier about, You know, you were drinking and you using drugs and alcohol as a crutch, right? When performing, were you nervous about doing this project? Not drinking? Like, is it gonna, am I gonna sound the same? Am I gonna sound good?


I was terrified. I was terrified because I was like, I don't know if people want to hear these dark topics. I don't know if anybody wants to hear this right now. I feel like there was a period in music where everybody was like, shut up with that conversation. Don't nobody wanna hear all that. People just wanna have fun right now. We got out of covid. Don't nobody wanna be sad, da da da da. And I was like, I don't want my fans to listen to my music and be sad. I want them to feel good about themselves. But it's also like if I'm, I have to make music for therapy for my myself, otherwise I'm doing it for the wrong reasons. And then I was like, well this is my truth. This is where I am in my life right now.


Somebody else gotta be dealing with this shit too. And even if they not, I don't give a fuck What became the new crutch. Or if there is a new crutch. Like usually people get rid of drinking and they smoke or they get rid of smoke. So smoke and they start having sex. Or they watch this. Like what was, what's the new crutch? If there is one? Knock it off. I think the new crutches. Music dope. I am, I don't vape. I don't smoke nicotine. I don't do none. At least right now in this season of my life. 'cause what works for me now is what works for me now. Right. I might run right back to the bottle when I turn 30. Who knows? And that's my business. Yeah. But I think that this serves me and my new crutches, just my music And Sobriety.


It feels better to be sober right now. Gotcha. I don't think your generation knows how courageous y'all are. And what I mean by that is, it's like, You know, for us, we weren't talking about mental health, we weren't talking about anxiety, we weren't talking about depression. But You know, you get, you get older, you start doing the work on yourself. We didn't have nobody providing no soundtracks for us. But it's like now it's to you it's the Kendricks. It's the Rhapsody. Like y'all are not afraid to put that type of stuff in y'all, in y'all music. Yeah. Yeah. I think that it's important too. I feel like it, especially in hip hop right now, it should be reflecting real life situations and real things that are going on. I feel like there is a overload of distractions and materialism and things like that.


We need to balance it with that heart and that consciousness and a self-awareness. And that's what I'm contributing right now. I'm gonna be popping ass soon though. So You say, you say that, what was that song on MPH? You say I, I could, I could give him the conscious shit, but I'm too busy. Give Give a cunt it. It's like, it, there's so many layers to me as a woman and I'm, I'm gonna express them all, all the time. I'm never gonna box myself in like, oh, I'm only gonna talk about this. I'm only gonna write, this is real rap. 'cause you talk about that, that's not true. I just think that I'm telling my truth right now and this is my truth. But I'm not righteous. Glock It. Well the the ye and the yang of life is righteousness and ratchetness. Ooh. Yeah.


It's the perfect balance. Yeah. That's the perfect balance. I like that. You got anybody you wanna collaborate with? Like You just, oh No, it's been a dream. No tank. I like that hopping right now. I don't give a shit about nothing y'all got going On. Nah, nah, nah. I think that I've gotten all my collaborations that I want. That Tyler one really did it for me. That was like top of my list. I have always wanted to collaborate with Tyler the creator. I have my collab. Oh, Beyonce and Kendrick Lamar. Mm Gotcha. Top collaborations. Other than that I'm cooling. Beyonce gave you props too. She listed you as one of her favorite rappers. She did. That was crazy. Have you met her? I haven't. God damn. You stayed In the house yet? You outside. Did you speak to anybody?


I stayed in the house. But you, you, you were, you performed in LA for Renaissance, right? I did, yeah. And you okay. You just still didn't get to meet but no, I didn't meet. Yeah, because I heard a lot about your performance. It was lit and everything And I thought you would've been popping bottles in the back. Okay. Nope. What time did you go on that? You didn't meet Beyonce, So you didn't even see We got that opportunity kind of last minute. I think it may have. I found out what, a day or two days before the show or something. And again, global superstar, super busy woman. She has her children with her on tour. Mm. She don't got time. Like Gotcha. You know what I mean? But I think in the, when it's the right time we'll meet each other. Yeah. Does that recognition and validation mean anything to you From Beyonce?


Absolutely. Okay. Absolutely. I trust her to pick the best talent and the best people that she's, she surrounds herself with. When I went And I opened up her production team, flawless, her team was incredible. So I knew her inviting me was validation that I'm doing something right And I'm performing to some level of excellence, which was incredible. How do you deal with your, your, your anxiety now? Because, You know the crowd's only gonna get bigger. Yeah. A lot more eyeballs on you. And You know, sometimes when I see you out, it feels like I, I guess that's your bodyguard and you always like, you're always holding his hand. Is that like your safety blanket Or I just don't like people too close to me. And that's all I think I just hold his hand so that we can move through the crowd.


'cause sometimes you can just chill. Yeah. Yeah. So what are you doing to just deal with the anxiety in general? Like before you hit the stage Or? I don't feel any anxiety when I'm on stage or when I'm at shows or I, I like this environment. I like my, my job. I fuck with it. Yeah. What about interviews? Hello? Interviews? No, I'm just kidding. I like Interviews. This interview however made me a little, I was like, I don't know why you Been there Before. You're a bit unpredictable Because you, yeah. You're a little unpredictable on that side of, but last time you said we had a great time. It was Great, it was great. But I was like, I don't, I don't know, You know, I don't know what type of head space he gonna be on, You know?


Did he take his med? I don Dunno where he gonna be at with it, but I Feel that every morning. Cool. Top Dog said that Alligator Bites never hill. He, he said it had the same vibe as Section 80. He did say that. He said he had the same feeling that he did when Kendrick dropped sick Section 80. Meaning like, this is, this is our next superstar. I won't speak for him. Mm. But I told him that though. He sent me that, he sent me the album a while, like a while before it came out. And I was just like, What'd you think about it? I said, she's out. I was on the air talking about it. I was like, yo, I heard do about she's outta here. Like, like I literally was like, yo, she's outta here. Like Thank you. Got, we always give you props of fear. Like, thank you all the time.


And I wanna say thank you Jess. 'cause you do you always give me my props. Yeah. Everything that you have said about me is just, you always esteem me. And I, I really appreciate it. I love that. Even before all the hype. Yeah. You was like, I fuck With dci. That's right. Very. Yeah. She loved that Stinky Poochie record. First Of all, it's not a stinky pucci, Stinky Gucci. Oh no. Stinky Poey on the first one. The new one. Thank no's record on the new one called Stinky. Poopy Stink. Thank Stinky Poop Stanker Pool. Yes. That's a real southern thing. Was that like your nickname growing up or something? Stanker Pool. Yeah. Thank Pool. Is it true that you completed this project a month before it was released? Absolutely. Damn. What? Yeah. That's All it took Me. No, I needed it.


It was something in my spirit that was like, you need to drop this, this project now. If you don't drop this project now you gonna miss the mark. And I was like, I got to get this out right now. I don't know why, but God was just tugging on my spirit like, it's time to go. Oh, I love that. Yeah. How often do You know, it's a stupid question, but how often do you listen to the spirit of God? 'cause sometimes God will tell you to move and we don't move. I only, I'm only not listening to the spirit of God when I am distracted internally. That's why I keep telling y'all this Sobriety thing. I hear from God better when I'm sober and I'm clear-minded.


So it's like I only veer off of that when I distract myself with other things outside of me. And sometimes those other things are people, humans. No. That are with you when you watching Hulu, Man trying to, great. I can't imagine. How does it feel when you, when you talk about all The, the, the Albums that came out this year and They talk about yours as being one of the, the top five of the best where they talk about Kendrick's album, your album. What's some of the other albums you named this week when you were talking about the albums came in and her albums like top five of the the best albums that came out this year. Gorillas Album. Yeah. Glow. Yeah. So How does it feel to be on the top of those list when it comes to putting out music?


'cause that's what you do it for. You want people to receive it. Well, so how does that feel? Yeah. Feels like they're accurate. They're right. It should be there. It feels really, really good. You ever feel a moment of they didn't understand at first and now people are starting to get it? Mm. I think people are still kind of trying to get it. Yeah. Still, I don't know. Yeah. I've kind of felt like niche at first. Like, I think people are just kinda like, what's what's her vibe? What's going on? She's in underwear, she's rapping about this. I don't really get this girl's tape on her face and they're trying to figure it out. I don't know. But you do this thing like you, you capture somebody's attention.


You make people wanna pay attention more. 'cause that, that's how I got onto you. I'm like, dang, like what is this? Like, You know, you are different. That's why I, I didn't know you were from Tampa today. Just was saying it. 'cause you can't put you in a specific place like you, You know, and then your, your projects before nothing sounds like the previous one. Like you, you offer so many different, like a variety of sounds. So I, I think the fact that they're trying to catch on, that's still good. That's what you want. 'cause you don't fall in the box with nobody else at all. Yeah. Yeah. I think that it like a little Alien. They have to like, you have to digest it. And I think you need context 'cause you'll listen to one song, but then you'll listen to another and it's like when you listen to the full project, I think it comes together for people.


Yeah. You kind of gotta dive in a song. She's so animated. I think it's dope that they can't put you in a box though. Yeah. If you listen to a song like All the Ego or Nissan Altima, you like, what is this? Who is this? I think it's just hard for people because in order to get an understanding you have to say, oh well, You know, she sounds like this or she sounds like that. So people know what they expect. But I think not knowing what they expect is even better. I agree. I think that my goal is to eventually just be in my, my own lane, my own thing. It's kind of like what I admired about Missy Elliot, when she came out, it was like Missy Elliot rapped and sing, but she ra in a way that was just, she's just Missy.


You know what I mean? She kind of like separated herself. And I think that's the goal. What Type of conversations is.you having with herself nowadays? Are you, are you, are you, are you safe with yourself? I am. A lot of the conversations that I'm having is, I'm trying to Say the right thing in interviews. No, I, I find myself, I'm trying to ground myself right now. It's kind of like a lot of things are happening at once. And that happened to me when I first got signed. And it, it overwhelmed me. And I'm trying to learn from that and ground myself.


I feel like I'm walking on a cloud, like on air And I, I need to ground myself constantly and be like, okay, calm down. You're safe. Good things are happening. And because good things are happening, it doesn't mean that something bad is gonna happen. Mm. This is okay. And that's what I'm practicing. How do you process your mistakes nowadays? Through my music and through honesty and admitting that I made a damn mistake word. And then talking about it in my music. I don't like secrets. Yeah. And I have to tell my business on wax. I don't know. Have you and Zaia banks spoke since that last Absolutely. Back and forth. Yeah. No.


Yeah. Yeah. It seemed like you ain't even wanted to be a beef. 'cause it's like, nah, but Yeah. No, that tea is stale. It's like, what? Yeah. It's like, Yeah, It's whatever, You know? Yeah. I now back to what I was saying. They was saying that Man, Crazy. All right. Don't worry about it. Okay. Have you met csa? Yeah, of course. I don't say of course. She, We were just on stage at Now. Okay. Because because she, she seems like the type of person that you could talk to. Yes. Because y'all have had a similar trajectory. It's something I, it's something really, the reason I say that is 'cause I love the way TDE does it with their artists. I know it may seem frustrating to the artists, but I, it feels like they're one of the last few people who actually do artist development.


So you watch these people grow and then become these big superstars. Yeah. So she seems like the type of person you could talk to about everything you're experiencing now. Absolutely. I could call her And I could talk to her about the simplest things, or I could call her and be like, I'm having an existential crisis. And She'd be like, what's up Doci? That's Dope. So I, it feels good to just know that like, I, I still can do that. And she knows she can do the same with me, which is fire. Oh, we know Doce is busy. That's right. Well, let's let, they told us she had to be out here at a certain time. Let's play some, let's play a joint off there. I want you wanna hear, I want to hear GTFO. Ooh. GTFO. Hey. Okay. Well let's get into it right now. And we appreciate you. How do you pronounce that name?


Cunt Fetish. Yeah. Okay. It says Cunt Fetish. You know, how do you pronounce It? It says, I Don Fet. I don dunno man. She's so fired. It could have been Tta. Shout out Out Nigeria. Done. Y'all check out confetti. Shout out to her. I'm gonna give her a spotlight in her moment. Check out her music. She's really dope. Absolutely. Ladies and gentlemen, it's Doci. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


Hello, it is Ryan And I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on Chumba Casino dot com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and You know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba Casino's home, the hundreds of Casino style games you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com and grab your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Boost your trading strategy with signals. Unlock the powerhouse of insights that Wall Street Pros use to dominate the market signals. Helps drive higher returns using predictive analysis From $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to help you capitalize on every investment opportunity. Don't wait on outdated reports with signals. Observe the impact of real-time spending as it unfolds. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's real-time data and transform your investment approach with us. Start your free 14 day trial@joinsignals.com.


Alright, we're all set for the party. I've trimmed the tree, hung the missile toe, and paired all those weird shaped knives and forks with the appropriate cheeses. And I plugged in the Artesian Artesian. It's a home cocktail maker that makes over 60 premium cocktails plus a whole lot of seasonal favorites too. I just got it for 50 off. So how about a politan or a missile toe? Margarita? I'm thirsty. Watch. I just pop in a capsule, choose my strength. And Wow, it's beginning to feel more seasonal in here already. If your holiday party doesn't have a bartender, then you become the bartender unless you've got a artesian. Because artesian crafts every cocktail perfectly in as little as 30 seconds. And I just got it for $50 off. Tis the season to be jolly or Add some holiday flavor to every celebration with the sleek, sophisticated home cocktail maker. Barian. Pick up your phone and shake it to get $50 off any cocktail maker. Yes, you heard me. Shake your phone and get $50 off. Don't delay.


With millions of books on Amazon, there's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Raquel's, whoa. When she first entered the Kingdom by Dragon Back is different to Ari's. Whoa. When he found out there was more than one crime scene, which is also different to Ava's. Whoa. The moment when the stable boy became a stable man from whoa to whoa to whoa. No Amazon books that reading, feeling awaits.