
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Black Tech Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities. That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Max Bankman, I'm the new doctor. Welcome aboard The Odyssey. A BC Thursdays. The ship is heaven. We're attending to our past better dreams. I'm in From 9 1 1 Executive producer Ryan Murphy. Comes a splashy new drama on a luxury cruise ship with Joshua Jackson and Don Johnson. It's your job to keep everyone alive. She's in Vfi. 1, 2, 3. Clear. I have a pulse. You're gonna be okay. Dr. Odyssey Thursday's nine eight Central on a, B, C, and stream on Hulu.


It's time for today's Lucky Land horoscope with Victoria Cash. Life's gotten mundane, so shake up the daily routine and be adventurous. With a trip to Lucky Land You know what they say. Your chance to win starts with a spin. So go to lucky land slots.com to play over a hundred social casino style games for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. Get lucky today@luckylandsslots.com. No purchase necessary. BGW Group. Avoid. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


What's up? It's me, Don Toliver. If I could describe the open air, but I would describe it just very seamless. It's like you clipping onto your ear and then sometimes you can forget it's there, but it's not going anywhere 'cause it's like clipped. It's kind of crazy. If I could bring my music with me wherever I go, it just make life easier and seamless without interruption. To be able to have the music on hand like that without any interruptions, would would be great. Check out bulls.com for more.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Jess is on maternity leave. So Lauren Lar is filling in and we got a special guest in the building. He getting all the money too, by the way. All the money. Don't let nobody tell you different. All the money's. Nobody should tell you different. I peep the Gucci on the pocket. Acting. Stand up. Don't let anybody tell you different endorsements. Old Spice. Come on man. He's Old. Spice man. He's the Old Spice man. Did you ever think Dion Cole? You need an Old Spice man. Like, like you The Old. Spice man. Ladies and gentlemen. Dion Cole. Dion Cole is here. No, I wouldn't And I. I I I never would've thought it. Yeah, yeah. But hey, what's going on?


That's, that's someone hell of an intro. All the money went. How you feeling first and foremost, brother? Great man. I'm great, man. How y'all feeling? Y'all good? Less black And Holly favored Brother. Yeah. Thank you man. Thank you for sharing your platform and all that. Always Before, before we get into to, to all the stuff that you're doing, I just have to ask, since we started the Old Spice commercial right, I know you talk about it a million more times. How did that come about? And did you ever expect it to be as bigoted as it is? I mean, you the Old Spice man, crazy. There's only been two that I remember. Right? Right. You know. It's crazy. Yes. I mean it comes on football games. It's like, it's, it's What's the audition process For that? How did that happen? Nah. So I had been doing Blackish And I was doing all these characters like on this show called Anti Tribeca and Blackish, all these kind of like left kind of characters.


You know, You know. And so they came to me and was like, man, we we looking for a a a a new guy. And I was like, I ain't got no muscles and shit. They was like, that was the first thing I went to. I was like, I think they want me to ride a horse or have muscles. And they was like, nah, nah, we looking for a guy that's like You know, just regular nextdoor guy that you can hang out with or whatever. And I was like, ah, okay. Yeah. So we talked and next thing I know they had me on a flight to Portugal to go see some commercials and stuff. And I went out there and did it and had me doing like, You know the, the how they really get down, like throwing rocks in the woods and swimming in shrimp streams, fish catching my mouth, just all this weird stuff.


When I got back to the States, the Fish kitchen in the mouth. Yeah. It was real Weird. How many times did you have To do that? At least nine times. I fish jumped my mouth. And I had to stand there and do this. It was Wild You know that check was was like, fuck it, I'm Gonna do it. I'm gonna do it right. Yeah, I'm gonna do it. Well, but when we got back to the States, they was like, no, we got another campaign we wanna do. And all, everything that I shot was like out the window and they was like, nah, but what do you think about this? And they came And. I was like, oh nah, this would be great. Like the whole thing about men have skin too and Yep, yep, yep. That whole campaign. And I was like, yeah, I think this might, this might work. And we shot it and boom Took off. Well it works because that's all I use is Old Spice Bodywash And I never did that.


When Isaiah Mu Faso was the, was the Old Spice man. Okay. So all I use is Old Spice Bodywash For real. Some Of the Dion inspired though, for real. So not To get into, into, into the finances, but you get paid every time a commercial plays. Nah. So they give me, they, they pay me once a year flat. Like flat boom. Like that's how You know Man. That commercial runs all the time. Time. They run a lot though. Don't all they run a lot. Yeah, nah, they gimme me one flat fee and then they off to the races with it. You know. Yeah. Congrats. Love Though. I do wonder what everything that you've done though, from Stand Up to Blackish and the movies and the average Joe, what gets you recognized more? Is it the TV or the Old Spice commercial Man, it's always something different.


Like I'll go somewhere and everybody know me for something different. They'll be like, man, you right for Conan. Or they'll be like, oh no, you the comedian of everywhere I go. It's like, and and it depends on the crowd too. You know I went to NASCAR and nobody knew me. Is that refresher you like on what's going on here? I done, They had cameras out there and then they were just quiet as I walked by. They just Like, which black man is that? I know you somebody. I was like, yeah, well they don't know me at all. Yeah, yeah. But nah, it was, you said what you Is that refreshing? Like, okay, I'm finally somewhere where I could just like relax or you like, hold on. Why they don't know who I am over? I mean, Man, You know what I, you You know what you doing in this business You know what I mean?


I ain't gonna be one of these dudes where yo, I just won. I be like, man, it it come with the business. Right. Because couldn't nobody be talking to me You. know what I mean? So which 1:00 AM I gonna choose? You know. So I don't, I don't trip like that. You know. Yeah. I You know Take it, take it as it comes. You know Right now you, you embrace your age, the fact that you're 50 brother because You know. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You look amazing For 50. Thank you. 50 50 plus. 50 plus. You do that in the new special a lot. Yeah, yeah. Absolutely. Yeah, definitely. That's What the title is. Right? Okay. Mr. The young girls like, Yo, that that title, Like, okay, That title right there hurts so bad. They say Mr. Kn or like, oh yeah, you Said on like og.


No, I like og. Yeah. That, that title on hurts so bad. That I like my name is special that it just, it just sums up everything. Like once, once, once a woman calls you that they're like, okay, hey, hey, hey, how you doing Mr. Okay man. You'll be like, oh god damn. I ain't gonna lie. I hate it. I hate it. YouTube man, don't. Why you don't like Mr When they say your full name? Hey Mr. Kelby On the Grown. My daughter's 16, her friends better call me. You. You talking about like somebody, like somebody that's young but you like, not like young but of age that like you might be potentially interested in and they call You Mr. It just depends.


Just anybody call me, anybody call me Mrap be like, man, You know. I ain't, I don't feel that way towards white folks though. Like, I like I Call Mr like When they call me Mr. Right. They Talk about dating younger women and dating older women. Right. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. So what's Your issue with younger women? One of our co-hosts right here is single. I was Watching It. Like, who you traumatized what going On? I did not traumatize. I gave y'all love. I just was saying like, y'all got like, y'all got a lot of energy. Y'all on a different page and You know when you old and you pay a lot of taxes, You know. You just You know. You don't really don't want all of that. You know you Say you just wanna high fiving and go to sleep. You just wanna chill. You know, just sit back in the cut and chill.


You don't wanna do all that stuff. You always wanna go somewhere. You know Go somewhere. Then when you do go somewhere, you on your phone the whole damn time. It's like, what, what are we doing? You know 17,000 photos from your door to the car. It's like, yo, I it's just different You. know what I mean? And so You know I'll talk about it. You know. What's the Worst experience you had dating a, a, a younger woman? Man, I remember she had a old spirit. Let's just say that. Right. I went to her house one day, man. And she had like a J Cole poster on the wall.


And I left. Why poster? She had a poster poster on the wall. Like, But is it like poster on the wall? Crazy. It's not like framed. It's not like a memorabilia moment. It's like, Nah, it was, it was a poster, Like a high school girl poster. A college like Yeah, like, yeah, like, So not like memorabilia signed. What if it was Michael Jackson? If it was Michael Jackson, I would be like, oh, that's cool. You know, depending on, I guess the frame would make a difference. The frame. And there was no frame. There was no frame. It was tax. Like, just, just tax in la. I just showed up over there and was like, Hey, are we gonna go out? We gonna hang out. I was like, all right.


She was tall as hell. I thought she was older. You know. She Where you meet her at though? Where where did I meet her at? I met her at a comedy club. Okay, at a comedy club? Yeah. And I was like, yeah we can, we can go hang out. And she was like, yeah, let me stop the house first. And we went to her house. And I. I was like, yeah, I'm gonna use the bathroom. And I went in there. And I looked And. I said she got a J Cole poster in The bathroom. No, no. I was walking to the bathroom. And I saw Jake Cole poster. And I was like, oh. So what was the reason you told him no, you said you got this poster here. I can't, I just was like, man, I ain't feeling well. I'm gonna go ahead to the hotel room. Man. She Probably thought she took a dump in the bathroom. Came in the bathroom like I'm not feeling well. She, she probably knew I was bullshitting. 'cause as soon as I closed the door, I opened it up and left.


I was like, yeah, yeah. I'm gonna get on outta here, man. I be hearing older guys complain that young girls don't, don't understand. They references. They references, References. So you might reference like Doogie Houser and you like, who the hell is Doogie Hower? Wait, wait, hold on. Somebody smart. I definitely don't know. I seen that happen before I seen a, she about to Oo Doogie. I seen that happen before I seen an older dude reference to a young girl. Like, oh, you a regular dude. He housing. She was like, who Dude, he houses. Oh, okay. No, your references would make you old though too. You like on surreal stuff. Okay. I remember this one girl I told, I was like, girl, you keep playing, I'm gonna make you we than Lake Minnetonka. And she's like, what's that? And? I was just like, I gotta go. What's Lake Minton water?


Gotta go You know what? A lake. A Lake where? No. Who, who's that associated with? Don't even Google. I, I don't know. She 32 ain't our fault You. know what I'm saying? I mean, but It's Purple Rain. Purple Rain. Oh, prince Prince. Well yeah. You didn't know who house was. Come on guys. I know Prince is though. I just didn't know the Lake Ference. We Hope You know who Prince is. Do you listen to Prince? No. Jesus. God, I don't listen to Prince, but it's not this, I have nothing against Prince, but And, I And I will walk outta your body. Like Honestly, I've never even thought to put print on my playlist. Not because I think the music is bad. I just, I'll be like, I'm not feeling well. So, So so you in your house that's, you just be chilling and like Purple Rain is just playing?


No, I'm just saying like, prince is fired. It's just, it's just, I'm not saying that it's not, he's just not on my playlist. First of all, I'm not about to have no conversation with, with anybody about Prince being fired. That's A silly No, that's not the conversation. He's just not on my playlist. So let me, let me, let me explain something real quick. And, and this, I do have a issue with this. A lot of our young generation, I letting our icons just fall by the wayside because you won't even pay attention to where the music that you listen to is samples from. Like, all these people are great artists and we, we gotta like, at least give them some love and pay attention to who they are. White folks, they still be going to see the Rolling Stones. They be going to hang out with them. It prince Us alive. I would go see Prince y Motherfuckers is not fucking with Diana Ross.


Not a lot of people not, I'm not going to go see Stevie Wonder Riches. Stevie Wonder. Y'all ain't up holding. I I would do like that. But even then, I still, those people are not on my everyday playlist. That's what I'm saying. But I would go See them. I get it. But look, y'all not playing them, y'all not keeping them in your, in your music. Listen, listen. None of that. Listen. And so what happens, I'm gonna tell you something. Is This is what, is this the conversation you have at dinner with the younger girls Too? No. No. I don't do, no, I I You don't even make it to dinner. I I go this. Hey, gimme your phone. No, I'm just playing. Look. No, but I went, I went to the Spear right in in Vegas. Vegas. And, I saw. I saw you two. Did you go see that? I didn't see it. I heard it was crazy. Have you been to crazy Craziest concert I've ever been to And while I was there I'm looking at YouTube and I'm going, they showed out four shows, four shows a week, 20, 17,000, let's round it off to 20, 20,000 people a week for five months sold out.


My question is, besides like Beyonce or what, who do we have in a black community that can do that? I Feel like Usher did that. I mean, I don't know how big the spear is, but our show, she was doing that baby said The whole 17,000, but New Edition maybe Straight 17,000. Look Five, four shows a week for five months straight. Who can do that? Oh, she did that Didn't he? Who? Oh shit was doing that in baby. See how no 5,000 thousand she s did 5,000 Got, got you, got you, got you. So who can do 20,000 that we got? It is, it is mind blowing besides Beyonce Who married 20,004 times.


That's 80,000 a week. That's 80,000 a week. Yeah. Yeah. For five months. Who do we have that can do that? My cousin Diana Ross. She said Chris Brown. I don't think, no, Not all them days. No, no. Diana Ross. I I could say Diana Ross. I, Diana Ross can have a re I think she can have a residency. 20,000 a show. That's a lot of people. Seven. Let's say, let me just give the 17,000, that's a, the spear hold. 17,000, right? 17,000 people four times a week. I think Stevie For five months straight. Stevie Wonder. I think Stevie could only because he's such an icon living out thousand. I think Stevie could, 'cause Stevie got, he got every, he got black people, White people nights. Four, four nights a week, A week.


YouTube Amp up The first night you got YouTube, you got the Stones who can do it, right? Yep, yep, yep, yep. You got maybe Metallica can probably do that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But but who do we have? It's like at The, World. Look, it's been blowing my mind trying to figure this out. 17,004 nights a week is Crazy. Beyonce can do it, but besides Beyonce can do it. But who, it's a great question. And so what I'm saying is I think it has a lot to do with our younger generation not upholding our artists that we haven't and and really keeping them, keeping them alive or whatever. Agree. When, when the stones go out, man, it's a whole Yeah.


Picnics is but As young as different generations, it's Different generations say, Because Y don't come outside no more. Who? He don't go nowhere. No, I, I us. So I, I go stuff like that. I think I, I think there's comics that could do it. Who? I think there's some comics that could probably do it. Dave Chappelle. Oh, Chap could do it. Rock probably could do it. 20,000. Listen, I'll even go three times a week. Three times a week. 20,000 people for five months straight. Let's even go four months, four months straight. Who as it is. So it is so sad to me that No, That's true. It is. That's a point. Yeah. I can't, other than Beyonce, I can't think of nobody. You can't think of. No. And that's so sad. But they have Billy Joe can go in that motherfucker and do that shit You.


know what I mean? Yeah. Like they have so many, I think Jay-Z could do it. Jay-Z seen LA Gone Out four nights in a row and that 60,000. But that was New York though. But that's 50,000 in New York, I think. I think Think Jay could do it. I'm I crying. I don't, I really don't know. I don't know. I'm, I'm sitting here thinking like four nights a week. 17,000 people. I don't Know. Listen, let's, let's, let's even break it down. 3, 3, 3 times a week for four months straight. I think Jay might be that kind of strength. Do I think Snoop do Dre and Snoop? I think Dre and Snoop together could Do it. No, no. I think Dre and Snoop Together Can do it. Yes. I think Dre and Snoop together can do it. Yeah. Snoop. I and especially on the West coast At The end. That's that's the big homie. Snoop. Snoop. That's I got Dre my got too.


But I'm just saying like together and because Dre ain't been around. Do you think Outkast can do it? Yes. It's because they don't get 80,000 A week. Not that My mind, I'm, I'm thinking from personal, but They ain't around. They ain't around around Maybe 80,000, 80,000 a week. M Emm can do it. You two Have M You don't think M could do it? I think him could do it. You two snuck their music on people's playlist though. Oh, they Cheated. No, YouTube been rocking for. Oh, I'm looking for decades. You know who I think could do it right now. Who? Drake. Because he's such a, he got that type of music. He could do those things. You know what I think Drake, I think Drake could Do it.


Think Drake can do it. I think Drake could do it. Drake Can, I think Drake. I think Drake is Drake and that's so sad. That's the only person that probably can do that outta all our artists. Yeah. Drake could do it. He's so, he's so crossover, so international. So many different genres. I think Drake could do it well Drake can do that by himself too. When I too much on us. Let's talk About the let back, let talk about you. Sorry about that Conversation Now. No, No. I'm not on the youngest. Let's talk about the vintage ladies because You get into them too. Yeah, yeah. What what, what about 'em? Yeah, what's Your, what's your not what about 'em? So that's, that's what you, you lean more towards the vintage ladies. Do I lean towards them? Lean More? Yeah. 'cause we got, we got stuff in common that we could talk about.


You know, I can't really talk, I mean, unless they teaching me something that I don't know a younger woman, they could teach me something, but You know. It. It, I gotta make sure that it's in line with what I'm trying to do with my life. You know. Why do these older women, like you've called a older woman in real life. A vintage woman. A vintage lady. What Could you te what can you teach me right now? It's not, I don't, I don't know. I don't teach lessons. I See. And this is why. Yeah, but back to the vintage ladies. I used to say vintage vagina. But then, but you Don't say that to them in real life. They said that was a, you said that to them in real life. You used to What? Vintage Vagina and Vintage ladies. Oh, used And Vintage Women. Do I call women vintage To their face? Like Yeah, I How do they respond?


They like that. Yeah, they do. I mean, vintage is a word that's, you gotta look it up. And. I say in my special, it means like rare. One of a kind. That ain't like no bullshit. It's like vintage. You saying vintage? Yeah. I'm just asking a question by the way. Yeah. It's like, it is like a good thing. Like ain't nobody gonna buy a, you're gonna buy a vintage Corvette. Like you not just You know what I mean? It's age Like fine wine. It's Yeah, That's what it is. It ain't no dis I'm not being defensive. I was just asking a question. All the women I call vintage, anything over 40, all the women over 40 look better than these young girls. Man, it Ain't even close. Not too much on us, man. If that's the truth. It ain't even close. Not too much on us. And look, they a little bit, they, they're a lot. If I'm gonna make up a word funner, like they are like, So that's what I could teach you is how to, oh No, look, you can be, you can, you can be like, you can be like look fun like this.


But they, What's their type of fun, their Type of fun is, hey, I'm an empty nester. All my kids is gone. And, I got 300,000 in the bank, 500,000 in the bank. Let's go to Fiji and Go's kick it and lemme show you the kind of fun I got. Dang. I'm not upset with y'all because that's what we be on too. We would rather have the, that's what we want. We want Miami. You said, you just said you just wanna go to Miami. Oh No. See, and, and, and y'all want like go to Miami. Crazy. You Miami. Just go to Miami. None of wanna Just go to Miami. I take me to live this. All you want is live in no food when they in the same corridor. Like that's not the one for you.


No, I'm just saying like you would want to go on a trip or whatever you, but you won't pay for it would you? Why can't I pay for trip? I'm asking you. I'm not trying to assume I would pay for a trip. You would pay a for a trip. Okay. But would You tell your friends If you pay for it? Would you tell your friends you Paid for it? My own girls. Our chat is a little different. If it's worth, it'll be doing all that. But we talk about the majority of women, not just you. Right. Well You've been major, you've been putting us all in one category. No, I have not Lying her ass off This yesterday. That's Not true. She said I'm tired. I want a man and I'm tired of paying for things. You said That yesterday. I did not say that. You said that. Y Actually Taylor said that. Taylor said that yesterday. Said, thought I heard you Toot. I Did not said I'm tired.


Curtains rabbit. Exactly. Rabbit curtains. If. you hang up these curtains. Curtains. You said you wanted to go to PGA Golf. What? Let's do it. It's even Exchange. Ain Said she tired of paying rabbit. That's Tell you something. When I tell you I tried to do it myself. At first you see these nails. My mom was like, girl, If, you don't get you, you are behind, down off that chair. She went out in the hallway with this man just doing something in one of the other apartments. She said, excuse me sir, can you come help us? Damn. He happened to work for Task Robin And. I was like, yeah, for sure. He hung them curtains up in 10 minutes. I was trying for an hour. Wow. See I had, I was trying to find the studs and all that.


It was just a lot. So Stephanie, Stephanie Mills, Hey Ms. Mills, as Ms. Mills walks in. Yeah. Ms. Mills heard vintage and walked right In. Right In't play with us at the right time. Don't play with with us. We're just talking about vintage ladies. Wow. Look at the way She is Way better than these young girls. That vintage that's look at the way she is looking At him. That man has Busted. He is ready as she Gives him a nice hug. Look, Look how he just melted into Her. I I see it. I'm watching you see That?


You see this? Yes. I Girl look. You see how she's hugging? That's right. Beyonce. I piece this like the back all neck. Look at that. It's some, it's something in the way She make me feel Something the way you make me feel. You better something. Something. I swear coming tonight. Oh my gosh, you hear this? Wow. I swear. Go Ahead Dion. There you go. I'm jealous. You still got the lipstick. You see that you ain't, you ain't gonna be able to make a man feel like that.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple Call play in a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay. A trademark of Apple Link Intelligent All wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Seeing our communities grow and thrive is something we care deeply about. Here at Black Tech Green Money State Farm Insurance also cares about the growth of black communities. They're actively investing in programs and initiatives that help provide financial literacy, give early career advice, and grow black-owned businesses. Thus leading to generational wealth, which helps protect the future of our communities. We wanna build a future that we all can be proud of. State Farm understands that representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. It also requires active sponsorship of programs like the Axo, a year long program that recognizes and rewards high school students for their academic and cultural achievements. Along with funding programs like Project Ready. A National Urban League program committed to educational achievement of black and brown youth that has awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to date State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and can have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Max Bankman, I'm the new doctor. Welcome aboard The Odyssey. A BC Thursdays. This ship is heaven. We're tending to our best for our dreams. I'm in From 9 1 1. Executive producer Ryan Murphy. Comes a splashy new drama on a luxury cruise ship with Joshua Jackson and Don Johnson. It's your job to keep everyone alive. Season vfi. 1, 2, 3. Clear. I have a pulse. You're gonna be okay. Dr. Odyssey Thursdays nine eight Central on a, B, C, and Stream on Hulu.


Hey, it's Ryan Seacrest. Life's comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online casino style games, all for free. Go to chumba casino.com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void where prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


High Five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account. Hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com I five casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high. The number five casino.com. High five casino. Feel.


You ain't gonna be able to make a man feel like that. Look at You got red lipstick on your that come experience age. Yes. You ain't gonna be able to make a man feel like that For 20 years, Lauren. No, She made me high so it's okay. You didn't even know who that was when she walked in the room. First of all, stop playing with Me. She definitely didn't know who that was at first. You Didn't even know. Did You Know who was I interviewed her when I was at TMZ. Stop playing with me. Oh, I Love Y'all. Didn't really acting like just because we're younger we might not like, consume everything all the time that y'all do. That we are like idiots or something. No, we not saying that at all. Nah, not Idiots. Just dumb. Not idiots. Like that's harsh. Harsh idiots. Thank you. Thank you for the grace. I appreciate the empathy.


It's just differences. You okay? You are able to finish. You Need some water? No, no, no. That that blew my mind. Right? Stutter. Did she Just be shes be hanging Out? No, she million breakfast. See, he starts stutter. I'm coming. I I'm coming. I'm coming right now. I'm coming. I'm coming tomorrow. I'm coming right now. I'm tomorrow Coming. Don't that see you. Did you, you see that Was Do you see that? Can you have, and I'm just asking, have you ever walked in a room and just made a man? Just Mel, you have not. I have. That's what's up. That's what's up guys. Lying.


And, I Hate her lying. Don't gotta pick a side. You gotta stay over there and get over there. No reason Over here capping right now. That ain't char ain't no be nowhere. So he don't know. I would've heard about it, About it. Now I wanna ask you Dion, what makes it special, special nowadays? Man, just man, just getting back to funny man. Like, it seem like everybody got like a message now and it's like everybody stand for something and You know we gotta get the word out about.


And it's like we, we, we, we missing the funny You. know what I mean? And so we, that's the focus. You can still do your thing. It's not what you do, it's how you do it. And so I just think specials are missing. That. And when, I guess I guess the, what people are talking about right now, You know the, the game is shifting a little bit. You know and it's like, it's changing the way that people put out things. You know. And so I'm not knocking nobody but You know. It's just, it's, it's just, it's just changing. You know specials used to be really be special. Hell yeah. You know what I mean?


Special. And there are a few that still are special You know. But the more you have You know it's going to dilute what it is. You know If, You touch everything on your special. Is there something like, do you do politics? Do you touch Diddy? Like do you do all that in your Specials? Nah. If you notice on all my specials or If you don't notice. All my stuff is really evergreen because I, I feel like you can do those specials where you could talk about pop culture and what's going on, but to me it's great for the moment, but it'll like it, it'll date you, date you a little bit. And don't get me wrong, I talk about pop cultures a lot, but when I do a special, I try not to, unless it's something that, unless I'm making a point on something that's longevity, you get what I mean?


Gotcha. Yeah. So, so it's not because, because like when you started the gay joke in the special, you was like, I don't wanna mess up my Old Spice money. Yeah. So it's not really because you're like scared of anything. No. What you, what you mean? Like, so you don't touch certain, like do you not touch certain stuff because you're actually scared of losing those like sponsorships and endorsement deals or, I mean, is It more of a, I mean you definitely gotta, you definitely gotta watch yourself. Like you got people, that's why Dave Chappelle and like Kat and these guys are so important to, to this game. They, to my knowledge, they don't have endorsements and stuff like that or whatever. And so therefore they can say whatever they want. Corey Holcomb, Corey Holcomb, they can say whatever Andrew Schultz, whatever. They can say whatever they want, which is which keeps, which keeps that, that that amendment alive.


You know. But then you got certain people that really can't say whatever they want You know what I mean? And so it's very important that them guys go out there and keep knocking them doors down in order for us to be able to say as much as we can You. know what I mean? But the endorsement game is changing now. You know, like they not really like on you like that. That's right. Especially with Snoop out there doing, he doing Snoop Olympic, everything's still smoking crazy herbs and, and and making music. And he's still being him You know what I mean? And I don't even like having that conversation because I don't want nobody to go look at, look at old Snoop You. know what I'm saying? We get to talk and he'd be like, can you believe he be like, No, just chill.


They don't need to know old Snoop. Just yo. But, but that's how the game is changing now. So You know people are really just looking at you as a a, as something that can You know market their brand or whatever. But the gay joke that you did that you, that was the joke that you didn't really have a gay joke, did you? No. So I had, I had a bit that I was going to do, but I was just like, yeah, And I said to myself, I was like, I'm I'm gonna end this probably, I probably won't do it, but depending on how I feel, I might run through the whole thing. Okay. And so I was like, nah. I was like, nah. But I knew in my mind I wasn't gonna do it 'cause I felt the audience and the audience didn't feel like, 'cause it was shot in LA And you could see the gay in the audience, you could see taste Better a Barometer.


Alicia Gayar is on point. What was the joke? Nah, nah. One day when Old Spice let me go. I'll tell you How Pivotal was Blackish for your career, Man. Blackish was everything. It was everything. That show shit has still been on. Man. And I, shout out to my boy Anthony Anderson. I was just at his house. We was over there eating and kicking it or whatever. And Tracy and everybody, but I hate that show ended, man. We supposed to have kept going You. know what I mean? And You know.


I really don't even know. I think it was a money situation, but I just wish we would've just stuck together, You know what I mean? With the money thing. And that show would've been on, You mean like the people in the cast wanted more money or Yeah, the money situation. And this is just from, from what I was told or whatever it everybody was doing, they own deals when we all should have just went in together, You know what I mean? And just, and came together. I think a Abbott Elementary just did that. Yeah. Everybody bumped up like bang, A modern family did that. Everybody was like, You know And I just always had this issue with why, why we didn't do that or whatever.


Everybody went on their own deals. I remember I told them, I said, yo, the guys in the office, me and Jeff and Peter, the the two white guys. I was like, I told them, I was like, man, they need us, man. So look, we gonna go in there and make our deals. We gonna do our deal You. know what I mean? And if not, yo, we, we, we not gonna sign like fuck that You. know what I mean? And so I remember I, my people went and talked to them and they was like this. Yeah, they already signed. Oh wow. And I was like this what? Whoa. And they was like, yeah, And I was like And I called one of the guys. I was like, dude, what's, he was like, yeah, I, my daughter's gotta go to college, man. And I was like, oh my God.


And so I had to You know. So did y'all, did y'all even attempt to have the conversation as a cast to say, let's go in there together? No, nobody even did that. But I, but I was, I was wondering, I remember one time I was, I was even talking to Aunt And. I was like, was like, did everybody negotiate that stuff? An was like, yeah, everybody going in on their own, everybody doing they own And. I was like, I was like, all right. And I was like, man, we should just go together. Yeah. They wouldn't have told y'all. No. You, Anthony Anderson, Tracy Ellis, Ross, Jennifer Lawrence, Florence, Like we had, we had the, we, I think we coulda really did it. And, I. I don't know what happened, man. I just hated that, that that dropped the, that dropped the ball. 'cause that show could have still been on.


We still had some firepower. That's, and we all could have really like made some money, money You know because I think they was really making money. I really wasn't like making like crazy money on the show like that. So You'd have probably had a spinoff by now. It'd been some type of issue For you. No, we know. I was straight, shout out to Kenya Bar too. That's my brother. Love him to love him to Pieces. Man, that's my boy right there. We, we talked about doing something or whatever, it just didn't materialize whatever. Because I had went over the Grown-ish with that character and kicked off Grown-ish over there. And then I don't know if they really was like, yo, we kick off another show with you or whatever. Because it really didn't make no sense for me to be on Grown-ish. Like Kenya was like, yo, we gonna make you a professor.


And I was like, all right back cool. What went over there just to make sure the show took off You know what I mean? And so I went over there and rocked with them for about three years and then the show took off and then I was able to You know leave or whatever. But as far as doing that character again on its own spinoff, I think we should have did it before I went over the ground. Oh shit. You know what I mean? So we missed that window or whatever. It feels like average Joe got a whole new life too. Once it hit Netflix, it was like, it was, it was on, I had to, I thought people was talking about a new Dion Cole show. The way people was Talking about, dude, lemme tell you something man. You gotta believe, you gotta believe in you, man. Like, I know it sounds cliche, but it is really real.


Like you really gotta believe in what you feel. We shot that show a year and a half ago, almost two years ago. And it was on BET and nobody seen it, but I just knew that the script was dope. Nobody did dog. Nobody seen it. Like it was like just over there and nobody was like really checking for it like that. But I used to, I would tell BET I'd be like, man, we need to market this to like You know a murder audience because it's about murder Gore and Money You know marketing this to You know Tyler Perry's audience and the people that's on BET the Sunday Gospel.


Like they, they not gonna really be. That makes sense, right? Yeah. So I was like, man, we need to go to like the ID channel and You know and eh, and so it just never worked out. Then when I heard that they were talking to Netflix, I was like, man, this is what's gonna happen. Netflix is going, this is, it is gonna do what it's supposed to do because they have them kinda shows and they gonna partner them with this And I think that's, that's what's gonna make the difference. And sure enough, man, they, they partnered with Netflix and they put that thing out. That thing went like crazy, man. I was like, man, shout out to everybody that watch Average Joe too, man. I really appreciate it in there. Yeah. Yeah. Still going crazy.


So we Getting in season two? Yeah. Go. I leave January, we start shooting in Cape Town. Oh Dope. See, congratulations. South. Yeah, South Africa. Oh wow. Yeah, we going down there. Thank you. How long you Gonna be down There? Like four and a half months. Ooh. Yeah. It's gonna be crazy. Yeah. Going there shooting and come on back and make it happen. Baby You know. Yeah, definitely. Is it true you once bombed at a comedy show? 'cause you got high with Paul McCartney? Oh yeah. That just happened. Yes it is. It just happened. Just happened. Yeah. You Smoking weed Smoke with Paul? Ain't that crazy? That's insane. Oh, he just, man, I walked up in the, in the improv and they was like, oh, I did see that.


I see it. Yeah, I did see that. Yeah, it was, man that shit is been everywhere. I walk up in the improv and they was like, like they saw a ghost. They was like, this Paul McCartney's here to see you. Oh, y'all cool? Nah. Like, not like that. No, because when he came on stage and y'all were talking like y'all knew each other for a long time, Lemme tell you how cool Paul is. Yo like, like when I was like, I was, I couldn't believe it. I was like, Paul And, I was like, Paul who? And they was like McCartney. I was like, really? I said, tell him to come up to the green room. He came up there, Hey man, how are you bro? And man, I love you stuff and hey man. Yeah, man, think you think you're hilarious, man. Specials And, I love him. I'm sitting there looking like this is crazy.


Like this is One of the Beatles, I like to call people like him like culture shifters. Oh yeah, yeah. You know what I mean? Shift the culture like a couple times. You know what I mean? I'm looking at him like, wow. And he was like, yeah man. He reach in his pocket, he's go Matter if I partake brother and I'm like this. Yeah. Now go ahead. Yeah, go, go ahead. Yeah. Yeah man. So You know we start talking about Michael Jackson. You Talking, talking about how Michael got him No to the bullshit about the publishing T come. So we sat there and he, he was like, he was like, you wanna smoke? I was like, I ain't smoked in 13 years, but it's Paul. It's Paul. I got to, so I grabbed him. And, I was like this, lemme ask you a question.


I said Michael Jackson, just tell me about Michael Jackson. He was like, oh man. He's, he's, he's brilliant man. He's brilliant man. He, no one works like Mike man. No one works like Mike. And we had a relationship and he was real cool and everything You know, he used to play with my kids. He said he's real. He's real childlike. Very childlike. And he was like, You know. And one day we set up and we was like, we should do some songs together. And we did. And he was like, yeah, we made a few songs. And I was like Monster Heads motherfucker. He was like, yeah, You know a few songs. And then I was like, yeah. I said, but get to the real shit. Like what happened? He was like, they was at a party one day and he was in the courtyard and they were talking and he told them, he was like, Hey Mike, man, you need to jump on your business. You know that's the only thing you're missing.


You got everything else but your business affairs or you need to own your own publishing. That's where the money is, man or or own someone else's publishing. And he said, Mike was like, oh yeah, like, like who? And he was like, I don't know, like whoever's the biggest in the game. And Mike was like this, well, I'm gonna, I'm gonna own your publishing. And he said, he was like, yeah, not me, Mike, but anybody else. And he said they laughed and ha and he said, next thing You know, Mike knew that publishing, Mike bought the fucking publishing. Man bought the shit. And so he told me this too. He said that him, and he said him and John signed a really kind of like fucked up deal. You know. So the money that they were making, it wasn't like tons, they wish they made more, especially on the publishing.


So since Mike owned the publishing, they thought Mike is our friend. He'll give back. He give us a, he'll give us a, he'd give us a bump. At least a bump said he went to Mike and say, Hey man, you think you can give us a, a bump on our, on our publishing? And Mike would told him no. He said no, it's business. Wow. Wow. And he said he wouldn't give it to him. And he said, and that's when they kind of just stopped talking. Wow. And I was like, wow. He was like, just break a leg. And then he went downstairs. Well that's legend sitting there, sitting there high. I'm sitting there high shit not going smoking onstage, still smoking. Well hold on. But then he goes on stage. Yeah. And I bomb. The one of the worst shows I ever had in because he was high. 20 years high. But then he heckled you with hurt.


Yeah. What was he saying while you was on it? He really wasn't heckle me. This is what he's doing. Every time a joke didn't work, I could just hear far in the back. Oh And I was like this god damn Paul. But then you bring up on stage. Yeah, because I told people, I said, man, I this show ain't going well because I'm, I'm a little high but I'm gonna tell y'all why later. I was like, I don't want to use it as an excuse, so I'm gonna tell you why lay that. So I bombed that entire night. There's nothing worse than bombing. And you hear like comics in the back like dying, like running around when some shit don't work or whatever. I'm in there LA that's my favorite. I'm not gonna lie, dude. They, I can hear 'em in the back like shit moving.


Like everybody run anytime I did a punchline, And I hear Paul ah, and they running around and I'm like, for a hour, a whole hour At the end of that I was like this, I'm ready to show you why I'm high. Everybody. I said, I got a friend named Paul here. I said, Paul, bring your ass up here. And he came up and, and when he came on stage, the whole audience gasped. And I only work out in front of like 40 people. When I'm working on new material, I do it like in like real small crowds. And everybody was like, ah, they could not believe. He's like, not a person wouldn't do that material. That didn't work. Are you or there stuff that was working that didn't work that night? No, just it was both. It was stuff that had worked before that didn't work that night because I wasn't delivering it correctly.


And it was new stuff I was doing that I'd never done before that I didn't believe in. You gotta believe in this shit when you say it or Right, right, right. If if If you trying to sell something, you gotta believe it absolutely You know what I mean? So I just didn't, wasn't believing in it and therefore it wasn't working. But when he came up there and he even said it, he was like, yeah, yeah you was bombing like You know And. I was like, yeah I know, but here's the ill shit. He appreciated that night. So, 'cause I was talking to him like a regular motherfucker, I wasn't bowing to him. I'm like even we was upstairs in Green Mama like Paul motherfucker come get, get yo yo. I'm just, just, just talking to him regularly and then having him on stage like, yo, this is my guy. And I. He appreciated that real moment so much.


He appreciated me bombing 'cause it wasn't staged, it wasn't, I gotta do my best shit 'cause Paul's here. It was a real moment that people like him don't probably get. Yeah, yeah. You know what I mean? So he loved every moment of it. And I did too in a sense because I felt like he would remember this You know. I remember one time Prince Prince, a friend of mine saw Prince on the plane and Prince was like this. He was like this yo, there go Prince. And he was like, Hey Prince. And Prince said, lemme show you something. And he pulled his phone out and he showed my guy. He was like this, this woman taking a picture of me, And, I took a picture of her back.


And my boy was like, oh, okay. Prince was like, nah, Giving you a warning. Like, like that little moment meant everything to him. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You know what I mean? It's like, it's these little moments that means so much to these because they don't have feel like regular people. They don't feel like regular people. So these real moments that they have with regular people are everything to them. You know when people like bow to them and oh my God, that that come every day. But If, you just treat 'em regularly. They, that's what it is. You know y'all homie like, like so y'all be talking now. Like what's the that was it.


We kicked it that whole night like, like even after the show we hung out, man that's hung out and kicked it and he was just, man, we just had a great time. And then he left And, I went home and shit. That was it. Next thing thing I You got material for the rest of your life, man. For the rest of my life I got this story that I bombed smoking weed with all MCC coffee. It's a good way to do it though. If. you gonna do it? Do it right. Well, okay. Mr is out right now. Yes sir. Yes. Make sure you check it out. And we appreciate you for joining us. Continue success. Thank y'all. Always sharing your platform. Thank y'all man. Appreciate it. It's Dion Cole. Google Prints too. Google this all leave please leave me alone. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning.


The Breakfast Club


Max Bankman. I'm the new doctor. Welcome aboard The Odyssey. A B, C, Thursdays. The ship is heaven. We're attending to our pastor streams. I'm in From 9 1 1. Executive producer Ryan Murphy. Comes a splashy new drama on a luxury cruise ship with Joshua Jackson and Don Johnson. It's your job to Keep everyone alive. Season Vfi. 1, 2, 3. Clear. I have a pulse. You're gonna be okay. Dr. Odyssey. Thursdays nine, eight Central on A, B, C, and Stream On Hulu.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 Technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of AppleLink intelligent all-wheel drive. Cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Black Tech Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities. That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like, if your neighbor State Farm is there


It is. Ryan Seacrest here. Everybody needs some variety in life. That's what I love about Chumba Casino. They know how to keep things fresh and exciting. All their games are free to play. Like spin slots, bingo and solitaire. You can claim free daily login bonuses too, and they release new games every week. So spice things up with chumba casino.com now for your chance to redeem some serious prizes sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void where prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


High Five Casino. High Five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account. Hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. only@highfivecasino.com. High Five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary board. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com. High five casino.