
This is an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing massy seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging leather appointed seats are optional features.


Over the years of making my True Crime podcast, Helen Gone. I've learned no Town is too small for murder. I'm Catherine Townsend. I've heard from hundreds of people across the country with an unsolved murder in their community. I was calling about the murder of my husband, the murderer is still out there. Each week I investigate a new case. If there is a case we should hear about, call 6 7 8 7 4 4 6 1 4 5. Listen to Helen Gone Murder line on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Stay Informed, empowered, and ahead of the curve with the BIN News. This hour podcast updated hourly to bring you the latest stories shaping the black community from breaking headlines to cultural milestones. The Black Information Network delivers the facts, the voices, and the perspectives that matter 24 7 because our stories deserve to be heard. Listen to the BIN News this hour podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi guys. I'm Andre Gunning, host of Betrayal. I'm excited to bring you all season four, a story of a cop and his double life. I wanted to let you know that you can get access to all episodes of Betrayal season 1, 2, 3, and Betrayal Weekly and every single episode of Betrayal Season four ad free with an iHeart True Crime plus subscription available exclusively on Apple Podcasts. Plus, you'll get access to all episodes of Betrayal season four, one week ahead of everyone else available only to iHeart True Crime Plus subscribers. So don't wait. Head to Apple Podcasts, search for iHeart True Crime Plus and subscribe today.


Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes, indeed. We got a legend in here today, the legendary Warren G. What's Up? What's Up? How you feeling, Brother? I'm good, man. Feeling good? Yeah. Yes, indeed. All Right. Does, does The East Coast time Mess with you? A little bit. I know how to adapt. I've been in it so long, I know how to switch it up when Yeah, I'm good. Absolutely. Straight off the BET awards performing with Snoop for the tribute. Yes, indeed. Yes. How was that? It was fun. It was fun from the rehearsals all the way to to doing the actual show, just vibing with everybody and, and seeing, you know, even seeing the other artists that was there.


Just, it was just good, a good vibe all the way around. Just seeing everybody and having a good time. Joking, talking, talking shit a little bit. Oh, you got the phone call you was looking for? I, I saw the interview that you did and you was saying how like, yo, I just want Snoop and Dre to holler at me, man, I don't want nothing, you know, Emini Here. No, that ain't, that didn't have nothing to do with none of that. Okay, Okay. No, well, I got a call, you know, I, I got hit to, you know, that, that, that he wanted me to do, do the, the honor with him. So, you know, that's my dog. You know what, Emini here. Absolutely. So I, I, you know, anytime you need me, I'm there, man. Yes, indeed. I think that conversation was good though, because you know, when you said that on, I can't remember who he was interviewing with, but when you, when you said that it's like everybody started giving you your flowers, everybody started talking about, you know, what Warren G has contributed to hip hop, what he's contributed to West Coast cultures.


I think sometimes you, you gotta speak up for yourself, man, 'cause Yeah, yeah. You know, Yeah. Emini here, Emini here. A lot of people don't know about, you know, a lot of the things that I've did, you know, so I speak on it, you know, in, in interviews and just, you know, just, you know, trying to, trying to let the new generation see, you know, what I've contributed to, to hip hop, you know, and, and not let it, let, let, let it get erased. That's right. But let's, Let's, let's go back there. So, so for people that don't know Warren G let's say right from the west coast, you Introduced Snoop To Dr. Dre, but before that, how did you get into the rap game? What made you get into Rapp and how did you meet Dre and, and, And I guess create that family?


No, well, I, I've been, I've been around Dre since I was probably about, I'd say maybe 12, 11 or 12, something like that. My father married his mother Verna and you know, I didn't have no, no older brothers. I just had sisters, but my sisters was, was, you know, my sisters was, you know, they bodyguard hard. They wasn't playing right. You know, and Emini here, that's where it started at. So your Stepbrothers. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then musically, my father, I used to, he would pick me up on the weekends, bring me to his house and play jazz all day. So I would listen to the jazz and just, just fall in love with him.


And to this day he still asks me like, do you remember Chuck Mangione? I'm like, yeah, I still got it. Daddy's in my playlist. And that's what instilled the, the, the, the good vibe as far as when in my music, the way I like to have that good feeling music that came from that. But as far as in the hip hop, it was just like all the groups run, D-M-C-N-W-A, Eazy, the Fat Boys is ll everybody that was in hip hop. You know, we, I I wanted to be like them, you know? 'cause that that's what was going around the neighborhoods and stuff like that. And then, you know, me being, you know, around Dre and Tyree, you know that I had two big brothers.


So were y'all close or was it one of those things Were y step brothers. Okay. We was always close. Always. So just being a, you know, the, the young, the young, the young one around two older brothers, you want to follow what they do. So Dre was DJing with the, with the, not, it wasn't the, The World class record crew was a high powered crew with Eazy and Shaneen. And, and they gonna get mad at me. Everybody, I couldn't mention everybody, but they had a crew. So I hear mix tapes all the time. So I fell in love with, with, with a lot of the music that he was mixing and stuff in the room.


So I asked him to show me how to, how to do it one day. And he showed me. So I fell in love with that. I was an athlete as well. I played football and just having somebody a, a bigger brother to, to look up to him and Tyree was just, that was, that was, that was cool. You know what, Emini here and they taught me a lot. And you know, I had to, I had to go through a, a gladiator school from Long Beach to Compton, just back and forth. So they, you know, they had me. Right. They used to call me Kibble and Bits 'cause I used to get it in. What was the differe between Long Beach and Compton Emini here? Not, you know, we not from out there.


So is it like two different worlds or? It's pretty much the same. Okay. Only only street that, that, it's one street that separates us. It's called Greenleaf. And once you pass Greenleaf, you in Compton or you go up Atlantic right before Greenleaf. Everybody from Compton coming here. Every, every, it's a, it's a, it's all the same. Pretty nice. And then you got Carson right next to us, and then you got Compton, Linwood, and then you got Watts. That's all we call it. The Mass circle. Yeah. And it's, it's real close. You know, everybody, it's, it's damn near the same, You know, envy said that you, you, you introduced Snoop to Dre, but did you ever feel like you were also introducing Dre to the sound that, you know, him and Snoop was kind of about to define for a whole coast?


Not we, I was just trying to get us all put on. We didn't, we didn't know that, that we was gonna, you know, that they was gonna turn into what it turned into really. But it all, no, we didn't. We didn't. But what we did when we started working on the chronic is we brought all the, the, the energy that we had and what we wanted to do, you know, and brought it and, and put it in to Dre to bring him back to where he should be, you know. So that's when we did the chronic and we collaborated and, and, and made that a classic. You're celebrating 30 years of the regularly album.


How does that feel? It feels good. You know, I still, I still feel the same as I did back then. I really don't, I really don't be tripping that much. I just be wanting to keep working. Like just, just keep working, keep working. But it feels good. And, you know, just to, you know, see that my records is still spinning Yeah. Since like 91, 92 of around that time. And it's a, it is a good feeling and, And I just, I just keep trying to, It's going viral. Create, create, Create More of that and stuff. You, you've been saying that, I know you probably don't Yeah. Keep up with the TikTok, but like, it, it is a couple of your songs, like these kids are making like, viral trends with it.


Yeah. So like, it is, that's that's what's up. Yeah. It's a trip. It's like, it, it keeps starting over. Like every generation, the new generation that comes, it starts over and then they fall in love with it. So I'm down with that Tyler, You know, you know. Did, did when you, when you first introduced Snoop Dre, y'all was in the studio during the chronic, did, did he ever teach you anything about producing that you turned into your own style? Or did you always feel like you had a more distinct sound from his Using live, live musicians? I used to just sit there and watch and then he actually taught me how to splice tape, put tape back together. And, And I used to watch Young Kids Ain't gonna know what you're talking about with that one, but Yeah.


License tape, laser tapes and all that. Well, You, it's where you cut the tape and you gotta, you gotta actually piece it back together yourself with, with alcohol and the, the, the tape, that special tape that it has with it, he taught me that, taught me how to eq Emini here. It, he, he taught me, he taught me, you know, sampling on the MPC 60, him and Cole 180 7 from above the law, Emini here. He showed me some things, but I pretty much, you know, learned the basics and then started doing my own style, you know? 'cause I didn't want people to say, oh, well he just 'cause he with Dre 'cause this is, you know, that's why he Nah, I created my own shit, you know, shit over here.


So you Do you feel like you missed the bus? I don't wanna say missed the bus. 'cause you didn't miss the bus when you was 17, you got locked up. Right. And that's when Dre took off. Shit, I wasn't, I wasn't that locked. I don't get locked Because that's when it felt like that's when you got your name from Warren G. They said you got your name in jail. No. No. How'd you get the name? Warren g Warren Griffin. His name is Warren Griffin, Man. Oh. That say hell My first name. Why would that be a Jail name? Why would a nigga in prison be like, you know, I'm gonna name him More. No, but that's what they said. That's what they said. They said he, he Man what? That's why I'm asking. No, No, I'm not. No, I ain't no like, I ain't no brutal. Like He thought G was for gangster. That's Nah, nah, that's Warren G that's, that's Griffin.


Nah, I wasn't, I wasn't in, in and out of Emini here. I I I've been, but you know, I wasn't like, like always going to jail. I was, I was cool. They called me sir. Cool. Total opposite of Yes. Nice. I know That don't mean I won't get off in a motherfucker ass. Don't say that in jail now. You don't want say that. Now on the outside looking in to us, or at least to me, G Funk looked like it was created by you and Dr. Dre. But then when I, you know, you do research, you hear names like, what's his name? Big Hutch, I Think his name. Yeah. Above the law. Okay. Yeah. Code 180 7 above the law. KMG Mack, total Chaos.


Lay law, cocaine. They took me in when I was, when I was a pup. I didn't, I didn't, you know, I I, you know, really didn't have nowhere to go at the time. And Layla and, and 180 7 had, had took me in And I started hanging with them, you know, and that's why I say that, that 180 7 taught me a lot as far as the NPC 60 as well as Dre. But they made me G Funk, you know, they was already saying gangster funk, g Funk. So, but what I did was I took, you know, the, my, my, you know, for me being in it, I took and branched off And I said the G Funk era, you know, just, it's still this.


But then I, I started my own sound within the Gangster funk and made it the G Funk era. And you know, it's, it is, hey those, the guys that, that put me in it And I took it and made it worldwide, you know, for, for The World to know what G Funk was about, along with Snoop and Dre, everybody saying G Funk as well. So If G Funk had a Mount Rushmore, who, who, who would be on it? Like who do people forget? I guess it would be the them brothers, right? Yeah. But the law would definitely be on there. Shit, you don't gotta Be humble. No, I, I ain't, I'm saying shit me, I'll be on there too LayLaw.


'cause he, he was the, he was the head head guy over everything was Recipe peace, LayLaw Recipe, peace Mack. But he was the, the, the, the head honcho of G Funk. And like I said, I had got my branch and created the G Funk era, you know, and that's when I took, took it worldwide. And, but then was my guys, they set it off. I, that's, that's it right there. For real. So when did Nate Dogg come into the picture? Nate came in, well he was always in Long Beach, but as far as when he came together with me and Snoop, we was, me and Snoop was up already, like up in North Long Beach.


We was moving around doing little things here and there, trying to build our name. And Nate just popped up one day on the spot, you know, where we was hustling at. And, and he had heard about us doing what we was doing. So he came up and, and just blended in with us. And we started calling ourselves 2 1 3. But as far as Nate period, all of us knew each other from Kings Park, from elementary school all the way up. How did, how was he received though? Because He was even the twins? No, he was, y'all Were rappers and he was singing. So what do you remember the first time he said, Hey, this is what I do. And he sang for you? No, Nate, all he, Nate Nate was in the church circus.


So he was singing a lot, but, gotcha. It just happened, you know, when we, when we would get in the room and, and we'd be freestyling and, you know, be boxing freestyling and stuff. Nata start just singing along. Like, while we busting, he just start singing some gangster shit, you know, that's different. It wasn't like, you know, just like, it wasn't normal. He was just, it was kind of like a rap, singing, singing thing type of vibe that he would do. And he was just saying some, some real, real, real things with it. And how did, how did the Def Jam Def Jam deal come about? Def Jam started with, lemme see, that was, I had a record, actually I was at the studio, once again, I'm at the studio.


It was me, Snoop Dre, all of us. They was working on, I think it was the, the, they, we was in the studio, they was working and Paul Stewart and John Singleton was there for Snoop to do the first single for the, for the Boyhood Justice soundtrack. So I'm in there just hanging out. This is like later on when I was like, I was kind of by myself, but I still would come to the studio and things like that. But, so I asked John and Paul, Paul Stewart, are they looking for any more songs? So they was like, yeah. So I was like, can I play a record for you?


So me and Paul walked to the car. I had a raggedy, little Rigo got jumped in the car, popped in the tape deck. It was a song called Endo Smoke with me and Mr. Grim. It went for about maybe like 30 seconds. And he said, stop. And so I stopped and he was like, can I take the tape? I said, yeah, just give it back to me. Just give it back to me. Yeah, give it, yeah, give it back. So that, that Monday, Monday, Tuesday, whatever it was, I know it was a weekend we was working, but they called me and they was like, we want this to be the first single on the Port Justice soundtrack.


So I was like, are you serious? He was like, yeah. So I was like, damn. And you weren't signed at the time at all? I wasn't signed with nobody. So that whole thing went through Endo Smoke blew up. It actually, it went gold. It was everywhere. It was going crazy. And so a bunch of companies was trying to find out, you know, who the artist was, who was these, yeah, who was these guys? So it was a lot of companies calling. So Paul hit me like, Def Jam want to talk to you. So I'm thinking like, shit, they ain't, they don't want talk to me. They want Mr. Grim. 'cause Mr. Grim was, was dope. Dope as well.


He, that's who the record was for. And so we had got on the call, it was Lyor, Chris Lighty and Tra Tracy Waples. They actually all flew out too as well. But, so we on the call and I'm like, I can't believe this is Def Jam on the phone with me. So the, they was asking about the guys on the song. So they was like, okay, well who was the guy with the kind of like, melody to what he's doing? So I'm like, damn, they must be talking, they talking about Mr. Grim. So I was like, that's Mr. Grim. He wanted, you know, that's one of the guys rapping on there.


They was like the, no, the guy with the kinda like singing thing. He said, you you mean the little chant type? I said, that's me. So they was like, yeah, that's the guy we want. So I was like, me, that's me. So I was like, shit, all right, shit. So we just, from there, I had to decide like, 'cause it was other companies coming in after that it, this, you know, it started piling up. I guess the word got around. So I had to think about, you know, who would be best for hip hop. Right? So I, I had a flashback. I went all the way back to Crush Groove. The Beastie Boys, fat Boys run DMC and Russell and, and and Rick Rubin.


And I'm like, this is the later. And I started thinking about Slick Rick, Dougy, fresh, everybody. And I was like, shit, I'm, I'm LL Cool JII said, I'm, I'm, I'm fucking with this right here. I'm with them. So I, I said, fuck everybody else. I'm on the bro with these people. 'cause they hip hop, this is huge. And I'm a fan of, of Crush Group and B Street, you know, like, so I was like, you know, that's, that'll be different and signed. And I They said you saved The label during that time. They said the label was going through a lot of Yeah. Of, of Losing money. Artists weren't selling. They said you revitalized The label back then.


Yeah. Yeah. I didn't know it. I didn't, I didn't know it. And, you know, until, you know, we started, you know, the record sales started going like every week. I was selling like 200 and something thousand every week. So it started, it was huge. And, but I I, I didn't know, I didn't know they was in debt or anything like that. And then Leonor had told me one day he was like, we use like credit cards and different things to get you this money. Wow. You know, for your advance. And I was like, wow. I I couldn't believe it. But he was like, you really, you really did.


You know us a big favor and we had a big parties and you know, all of that. Yeah, that's cute. But where my money at, They, that party. Did You ever, well here's my motherfucking money. Did you ever feel like they owed you more because of that? Like, that should have been a, that should came with a Bonus. Something. It was a, it was a a, a whiteboard in there and it said like how my album had made like a hundred million. So I'm like a hundred million dollars where my shit at. Shit, I, I done re over recouped. They can't never say I I I ain't recoup and Emini here. I, I made, I made some money.


I I wa it wasn't like it should have been, but I, I made some pretty good bread. It wasn't like stupid money outta that a hundred million. It wasn't, it wasn't a lot outta that. Did You see at least 10 from that? No. No. Nowhere near it. What? Nowhere near it. Does it Bother you though that when a lot of times they mention Def Jam sometimes you don't hear Warren G They do, But it's quick. Yeah, it's brief. Does that bother you? Especially when, when Leon telling yo we was, we was using credit cards to pay your stuff. Yeah. And you helped the, you know, we made a hundred million during the time when it wasn't happening. Does that bother you at all? Yeah, it pissed me off. You know, sometimes. But I, you know, I I I, I charge it to the game.


I'm like look, I'm like God damn, you know, it's, I you, you, it ain't nothing I could do. You know what, Emini here ain't nothing I could do. But yeah, I get pissed off about it Was you supposed to see that white boy. Probably not. I don't think you See that white. What, What rabbit do? Damn. Just being, you know, in the office. I used to go, this was on Vex Street out here. Yep. I just used to walk around the office, like walk around the whole building and I seen that shit And I was like, god damn. And I, and Lyor was flossy too. He'll tell you, yeah, this made, this made this much money.


And then I'm like, man, I got, you know, let's, let's get it cracking. Yeah. But anything I needed, they would do it though. I know that, you know, I told 'em I needed, I need this house, da da da da boom. Same old record company. It was like Cadillac Records kind of where you, you know, I, I need this. Okay. They get it. But you know, I, I made bread too. It wasn't nowhere near what you know that. But you know, I'm, I'm at it. How Did you break the news to Mr. Grim? Shit, they Want me not you. Yeah, that Emini here. That's, that's just what it was.


You know. But I still would, would, would bring grim on, on things. And gr actually got signed. I think he had signed right with, with Sony. But we w we was cool. I still was, was pushing for him, you know, even though he hadn't, I thought they wanted him, but never, never went on no big head shit. I still still fucked with him and, and whatever he needed, I was with him. Why do you think you were never fully bought into, to the death row circle as far as like being signed? I don't know. Shit. Because see that's the how you would go, right?


Yeah. Well I, yeah, I was ride or die. Was it politics? Was it your personality? Was somebody hating? I think, you know what, what, what what kind of, you know, had suge pissed off at me was because I wasn't like one of those type of artists that had just signing any motherfucking thing. And I, you know, and we was presented with contracts. So I, I told everybody, we need to get lawyers to look at these contracts before we signed them. So, you know, the word that got back to him that I was trying to get a lawyer to look at the contract. So he came out pissed off Because you was doing the right Thing.


Because I, 'cause I was doing the same thing he do that exactly that nigga wouldn't have deed been doing the same shit. So I'm like, how can you get mad at me? So that's, he's probably pissed off about that. And then, you know, I just wasn't, I wasn't like, you know, with a lot of shit, I wasn't going to just follow whatever everybody else was doing. I wanted to, to do my own shit. I ain't going to, you know, I, you know, And I like, I always say I ain't, I ain't really that he been knowing me since I was like 15, 16 years old, you know? So it's just like, I done known this motherfucker all my life. I ain't even ready to be, man. I'm cool.


But that, that's probably was, that probably was one of the main things that, that, you know, had him pissed off. And then I used to get into it with, with different guys around, but I just wasn't, wasn't with the bullshit. Right. You know, and, and he had talked shit about me here and there and then I, I talk shit back just to let him know. Like, but it be facts, you know, I ain't gonna say something that's a lie, you know? And, but at the end of the day, I ain't, I ain't got nothing against that dude. He, it is what it is. He do what he do. I just keep pushing and doing what I do. You know? And, and, and actually it was a blessing that I didn't go that route because it turned out even better for me.


You know, I'm able to do whatever I want to do. I can go ever wherever I want to go. And I, that's why I came to the East coast is to be different, you know, than the, the regular the same old, same old, just to get away, you know? And I, and, and when I came over here, it was nothing but love, you know, it was nothing but love. Wasn't nobody talking that East coast, west Coast shit. That wasn't no East coast, west coast thing. That was be, that was cruise shit. This person, these people against these people. None of that. 'cause I got, I, I had love over here. I I was in Brooklyn, the Bronx. I was everywhere. Like Harlem 146 and Lennox, everywhere.


Queens, Jamaica, Queens. LL took me to Jamaica, Queens showed me his grandmother house where he did all his shit. I was blown away. Like Right on Farmers. Yeah. That shit was, I even seen the, the, the, the, the sidekick that was in Tina got a big O but I was like, damn. Yeah. So You think being close to death row, but not actually being in it gave you a clearer lens on, on the chaos that was happening within death row because you was on the outside looking Emini here. Shit, I was, I I I used to be around, I used to be wild too. But Emini here, it, it, it, it wasn't Emini here. I i i it wasn't like a gang of just super duper crazy as,


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Taking the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey good drivers. Yeah, we're talking to you. The ones who don't speed, the ones who avoid those fender beers and who always use their turn signal. Congratulations. You are a better driver. And that means you could get better rates with root insurance. It's time to stop paying for other people's bad driving habits. You know, like the ones who cut you off just a slam on their brakes or the lead foot speeding to work every day with Route Insurance, you'll get a quote based primarily on your driving. Just download the Route app. Drive around like you normally would for a couple of weeks and boom, you'll get a quote that actually makes sense. It's that easy route because better drivers deserve better rates. Download the Route app today and see how much you could save. That's Route Insurance Terms and conditions apply subject to underwriting review. See route.com for detailss.


Over the past six years of making my True Crime podcast, Helen Gone. I've learned one thing. No town is too small for murder. I'm Catherine Townsend. I've received hundreds of messages from people across the country begging for help with unsolved murders. I Was calling about the murder of my husband. It's a cold case. They have never found her and it haunts me to this day. The murderer is still out there Every week on hell and Gone murder line. I dig into a new case, bringing the skills I've learned as a journalist and private investigator to ask the questions. No one else is asking. Police Really didn't care to even try. She was still somebody's mother. She was still somebody's daughter. She was still somebody's sister. There's so many questions that we've never gotten any kind of answers for. If you have a case you'd like me to look into, call the Hell and Gone murder line at 6 7 8 7 4 4 6 1 4 5. Listen to Helen Gone Murder line on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I think everything that might have dropped in 95 has been labeled the Golden Years of Hip Hop. It's black Music Month and we need to talk. It's tapping in. I'm Nila Simone. Breaking down lyrics, amplifying voices, and digging into the culture that shaped the soundtrack of our lives. My Favorite line on there was my son and my daughter gonna be proud when they hear my old tapes. Yep. Now I'm curious, do they like rap along now? Yeah, because I bring him on tour with me and he's getting older now too, so his friends are starting to understand what that type of music is and they're starting to be like, yo, your dad's like really the goat. Like he's a legend so he gets it. What does it mean to leave behind a music legacy for your family? It means a lot to me. Just having a good catalog and just being able to make people feel good. Like that's what's really important and that's what stands out is that my music changes people's lives for the better. So the fact that my kids get to benefit off of that, I'm really happy or my family in general. Let's talk about the music that moves us to hear this and more on how music and culture collide. Listen to, we need to talk from the Black Effect podcast network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your Podcasts shit going on.


When I was around Emini here, some of the things that, that, that, that went on after I was gone. I, you know, I was like, damn, like I said, it was a blessing to be away, you know, away from that shit and not get caught up in that. 'cause it just, it wasn't cool, you know? And, but I still had to deal with it even though I wasn't signed to death row, this, that, and this. Everywhere I go niggas was still tripping with me. Like, 'cause they still I'm associated. So everywhere I went I still had to deal with it, you know, even though I was with Def Jam, I had to deal with that shit like on the, from the street side.


I just wonder how did it feel for you watching like the death row story unfold, right? Like, you know, they were growing and you know that your sound helped build that house, but your name wasn't necessarily on the lease. Shit just pissed off. You know, I, I was pissed off at them And I was pissed off at myself and not being more business savvy as far as knowing about publishing and contracts and this, that, and this. I just wanted to, to help Dre. I just wanted to, to help him however I could to help him get to where he needed to go and the company, you know.


But I got one shout out, you know, Snoop gave it up for me on stranded on death row. Do you ever wish you signed Snoop? Like I said, if I, if I was business savvy, I, I coulda had Snoop signed and then signed him over there. But yeah, I wish I would've signed him, you know, I wish I would've signed him. And how did you meet him? Elementary school, Emini here we, that's me and Snoop's brother Jerry. When, when I say Snoop Dogg's big brother called him Dirty Left. And this DJ that's, that's Snoop's older brother. He just a Jerry's just a year old.


We just a year older than Snoop and we went to elementary school together. So Beverly would walk Jerry and Snoop across the park. I would be coming up 20th And I banked my right on Orange, but they would be walking across King Park And I be walking, 'cause we went to a school called CI s right there across the street from the park. So she would be walking in and we always used to just meet up in the park and then we'd go into the, going to elementary school together. And then Snoop ended up leaving CIS going to, I forgot what, what the name of the other school. It wasn't pri it, it was another school where they had swimming.


They teach you tennis, all kind of shit. We wasn't getting that. So we, we was pretty, we was upset 'cause it, they only chose a few kids to go to this school. So Snoop got to go. We didn't get to go and, but it was from elementary all the way up through King Park, through youth sports all the way into, to the, to hustling. How did you know he was the One to high school? Because Everybody I'm sure was rapping back then, right? I'm sure. 'cause it was a Phenomen. How did you know? Nah, he got something special. Shit. He was, he was just, he was dope. Just always, always dope. And then, and funny, the motherfucker had you laughing, you know?


He, he just was always dope. And with, with everywhere we went, you know, when we was just fucking around, I would, I would be the guy we around And I would point at something and soon as I point at it, Snoop would start rapping about it. When he battling somebody, I'd point at like some roses or anything. He had, he had bust and then he'd turn it, say something about the roses and then he'd tear their ass up at the same time while he talking about whatever I pointed at. And that's when I knew he was special, you know, I was like, this dude is is is he special? I go, I I'm gonna push as hard as I can to try to help him. Me and Nate, all of us get on.


'cause we, we got something special here. And so that's what I kept doing. I just kept pushing for us, just nonstop. What was the version of Snoop that only, only, you know, like, like way before the fame And and do you think that version of him still exist in now? Shit, he's still the same. Ain't nothing changed. Let me see. Well he, he, he, he get a lot more serious than he did when we, when we was coming up. He, he more serious. He'll snap on a motherfucker fast now he wasn't like that, you know, when we was coming up he was more calm and He got on Dre ass at BET awards immediately.


When, when he says, yeah, I rode deep cover for you and Snap DJ snap You snap Immediately, immediately. Did you pee that? Yeah. Yeah. I was just like, damn. I said shit, I thought it was part of the script And I didn't seem script Uhuh. Snoop wasn't reading. No, I wasn't reading. I don't think so. Dre Was reading Snoop Dre, Snoop was, when you gonna do that, Warren, when you gonna say I really produce that record? Because that's Always the rumor. The rumor is that there's records on the chronic and doggy style that you never got credited for, but you think, Well I ain't, I ain't never taken nothing away from Dre. He's a incredible producer. The whole nine. I was, I was the guy that used to, to go out.


I would bring all of the, the, the ideas. So I would bring the samples And I would sample it And I, I play it for Dre, like, listen to this. And then he'd be like, that shit is dope. But, and then he would take it and add his parts to it and, and different things that he would do. Like I said, I I, you know, my my, what I was trying to do was just give back to, for you helping me learn this, that and that and this. Now look what I'm doing. I'm bringing this, that, and this to you to help you grow. And hell yeah, I did a lot of that shit. You ain't get the credit though, right?


No, I didn't get no credit. I didn't get no credit no nothing. The d the D's Nuts skit. I did that shit. That was off the, off the dome. Turned the mic on, went and got the phone, called my homegirl, put the mic up on the, set the mic up and just did the skit right there and there. And So these Ns you invented that I did it right there. I I did that right there in the studio. I, I invented that right there. That's, That's hip hop history, that's black history, that's black, that's American history. Everybody does that. Yeah, that's funny. What about records? Like a lot of the records on there, like, like Let me ride.


That was a a, we called them now it what back then it was called a dub record. It wasn't a break record, it was a dub record, but I bought it from a break record store and it was a little, I still got that record in my crate too at, in the studio. It was a little part on the, on the, on the, on the record that, and then it, it boom, boom, boom, boom, ah, boom, boom, let me ride. Boom, boom, boom, boom. So I let Dre hear that shit. He took that motherfucker and turned it into some other shit. Right. You know, so that, that's what I used to do.


I would bring records like that sometime. I would sample him. Sometime I just play the record like listen to this shit Dre and that record, like even like the little ghetto boy that was a a me and Mr GR record And I gave it to 'em. They was like, we want to use this. So, 'cause I had it just how little ghetto boy sound, but I had the drums going, boom, boom, back spa, boom, pat boom, boom, back spa. And then Dre took it and changed the drums and did it the way he wanted to make it feel. But that idea, all of the Rudy Ray Moore stuff, I went and bought all those records from off of Melrose Street, all black exploitation soundtracks.


I bought all of that stuff and we would listen to 'em, the skit where from the Mac. That was something how, And I always say this, this, that's the way I was feeling when that that little skit the way it, it, it, it, it was talk, the way it was sounding was like, I was like, this is me and you, in order for us to make this thing work, we gotta get rid of the pimps, the pushes and start all over again. You know, that's how I was feeling. So that skit was right on time. So I said, listen to this, you know, and he used that skit just, you know, Emini here. Just What about on doggy style?


Doggy style? I didn't, I didn't do nothing on doggy style. Okay, okay, okay, okay. You know, I wish I did Did you get Compensated at all even though you weren't in the, in the, in the credits or I didn't get shit and it ain't, I ain't, I ain't, you know, I ain't bitter about that, you know? 'cause I went and did my own thing, you know, I sold shit, 6 million records, 8 million records all together on my own. Outside of that I wasn't, I wasn't bitter pissed off. Yeah. Because I didn't have my business mind together. And you know, That's why I think it is like cool that you are even donating pieces of your history to the hip hop museum.


You know what Emini here. Like even that, that what you just taught us, you know, the skit. Yeah. You're responsible for like, are you gonna put that type of stuff in there too? Definitely, Yeah. All of that I think is dope. I even still got the shirt I wore on regular. Like wow. Wow. Are you, you donating pieces like that? Yeah, I got some things that, that I, that I'm donate. I even got the, the mic I did the whole album on. Yeah. I got all, I have every piece of equipment that I use, all the crates that I use from the chronic to my records to even doing behind bars for Slick Rick and pick it up for Red Man. People don't even know that. Pick it up for Red Man. I did the remix to pick it up and just, you know, you gotta get yours.


I gotta get my Tupac breed. Did Breeze whole album, worked with Michael Jackson, did every damn, you know, I've worked with a lot of people, you know, so I, I wasn't tripping. Yeah. I'm like, shit, I'm able to, to move and groove and still, What was the Michael Jackson session like? Cool, you know, he, he was cool. Did you hit the weed with him? Nah, nah, but he, he was like on some like regular like Real Cool like home, home shit nigga when you meet him that's straight up. It's like, what's up man? Like that kind of shit. Did He reach out to you or Happened? They reached out to me. Him, it was Renee and Bruce at the time.


They was producing for him and they asked me if I could come meet him, you know, come over to the studio. He liked, liked your work. So he, he wanted you to come by the studio. So I came by, it was record one and shit. I couldn't believe it. I I was like, I, I was, I like God damn, this is Michael motherfucking Jackson. I can't, I can't believe this shit. I couldn't believe it. I thought I was in a dream and we chopped it up And I produced some records for him. He done, he done the vocals on them. So they somewhere in that vault somewhere. But I, I did some good records for him too. They was dope and was also, at that time a lot of press was against him.


So I was telling him to do a song to, you know, express yourself about, you know, 'cause everybody was down And I forgot what it, it wasn't not that stuff that came later on with the kids stuff. It wasn't none of that stuff. It was some stuff before that they was trying to criticize him over And I was telling him to fight back and talk about it. Like express yourself about how you feel about every, how these people are attacking You. Oh, was that when he used the Jewish slur? I think, I'm not sure. I'm not sure. But he was, he was being attacked And I just told him to just, you know, express himself that way. You know, I, I, I wanna go back to the credit thing. Do you think West Coast history would look different if the credits were truly accurate?


Hell yeah, definitely would look good for my pocket. Nah, Right? Nah, but yeah, Emini here it would, it would, it would look different. You know, people, people would, you know, would, would really be like, damn. So you was really involved, you know, and know that I did have input And I ain't trying to, like I said, I ain't never trying to take nothing away from Dre. 'cause he is, he's, that's my sensei. You know what Emini here and he, he's one of the dopest producers in the game, you know. But I did get down with him, you know, me and Snoop and RBX dads are corrupt.


We came and brought all our, our, and they dogg we brought our energy in and we put it into him to, to blow him up. You know what's interesting? People always ask y'all those questions. They don't never ask Dre, but if you asked Dre, he probably would just tell you if you asked him. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. He, yeah, yeah. I don't think the nigga do interviews that much, but he don't. Yeah. You know, but Emini here it is what it is. You know, What's regulate your way of saying, I don't need Dre, I don't need Suge, I don't need Snoop, I don't need nobody to make a, a classic record. Nah, that was just regularly was just, just, you know, just wanted to, I just wanted to do just be different, you know?


I wanted to take a record, something that not that's not too hard and sounding too gangster, but having a good feeling but still telling a story on it. And then, you know, mimic I, well I'm not gonna lie, we mimicked what Snoop and Dre did, we did it a little bit different, but we was doing the back and forth like they was doing. So that was like how Snoop and Dre partnered up. It was me and Nate. That was my partner. That was my, my guy that, you know, our chemistry was incredible like how Snoop and Dres was. And so we just wanted to be different but at the same time, shit, hey let letting these niggas know shit.


I could do my shit outside of y'all shit. You know, like you said, I, hey, I'm dope too. So, And I went and started doing my own thing, like fuck this shit, I'm gone. You think it would be easier to tell that story if, if Nate was still here? It very easy. Yeah, very easy. Oh boy. Nate would be going in. He would go in. I actually tried to, I tried to sign Nate over at Def Jam had a bag on the table for him and Suge got at him before I could. And so he went and, and did a deal with, with with death row. And then I told him what I had for him on the table and he was like, nigga what?


I said, nigga, I've been trying to tell your motherfucking ass the whole time that this is on the table for you, but you wanted to go ahead and dip. So, you know, but it still worked out again because I would, I would involve him in a bunch of things that I was doing like to nobody. No, nobody does it better. I was, I was like, I did that for him to, to to, to build him up and that, that became one of his biggest records that I produced. How much of, how much of you left with, with Nate Dogg? How much I left with him? How much of you personally and professionally left when he left?


I'm talking about like he passed away. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Emini here a lot left. That was my dog. You know, as far as just every day we talking on the phone or, or in the studio working and we used talk shit to each other. I ain't gonna lie, we would go at it, but you know, he'll be like, fuck you. Or he'll say, nigga you a bitch, you know, I'll say, I'll get back at it. No nigga, you a bitch, you know, back at it. We will fight squabble, you know, all that. And the next day he would call like, what's up? So I'm like, motherfucker, why you calling me after all that bullshit that you talked to me and oh nigga, no, this what time we getting in the studio?


And I'm like, nigga, what you mean? What time we getting in the studio? Three o'clock let's go. Shit. But You never said apologize nigga? No, I, we jump. Yeah, I should have been on him, but we, we had jumped right back in and nah, he, he would Nate, Nate was, Nate was, was was my guy. So a lot left on the musical side. 'cause I don't, I do music that some artists don't understand it. I know he'll kill it and that should have turned into some classic shit. So I have to try to teach certain artists when, when I do the music for him, like, look, do this, you know, he knew what to do.


So I would try to, I try to school him and tell him, okay, I want you to do it like this. And you know, sometime it works, sometime it don't. But he knew exactly what to do. I always wanted to hear you and Ty dollar signs work together because I feel like Ty, I got a record. Actually I got a, it didn't, it didn't get out there. Oh, I about To say it. Okay. I know. I'm Like, I ain't never heard no time. It didn't, it didn't get out there. But I, I got a couple records with Ty, I got records with, with Ty. I got records with Snoop. I did a record with Wiz. That's me and me and Wiz got a smash coming called Mad at all. That's, that's, that's a smash. Got a record with Wayne called All Along.


I got records. I got some really, really, really dope music that I've been putting together, man. Some, some really dope, dope, dope shit. What a Record with Ty Never came out because I feel like Ty is Rudolph Nate Dogg's Treat. I still got him, you know, I still got 'em. I I, you know, I, I'm, I may, I may drop it. I, you know, I I got it. I may drop it on, you know, the, the, I got different projects that I'm working on, so I may, it's prob I'm sure it's gonna, I'm gonna drop it on one of these eps I'm doing. I don't wanna do no full lengths no more. I just, I like the EP thing where I give him like eight here, eight here, eight there. I even got one with me and Nate, just me and him a EP that, that i'ma have coming as well.


Oh, Unreleased. Yeah, unreleased. Wow, wow, wow. Yeah, we got some, some dope shit. People gonna be tripping like how dope he is. We did a lot of records. We was actually working on, on the album right around when he passed away. So that, that, you know, we had, we had at least, we had about 15 in the Can already and we had other ideas as well. So I got, I got a bunch of stuff that we did and I'm gonna put together a warranty and they dog ep and just me and him. Now we talk about the bad business back in the day, did you own everything for, for regulators? Is that all yours?


Yeah. Okay. So every time we hear it sampled, every time it's in a movie. Yeah. Every time it's a TV commercial they gotta Call I don Master Publishing. Yeah. That Oh wow. That's, that's Why your skin looks so good. I ain't gonna lie. I serious. You know, it still, it's still, it's Emini here it is. I I still get treated good, you know, from doing that song. And, and, and what the thing I loved about it the most is being able to meet Michael McDonald at a concert and, and him telling me how much he appreciate me doing the, the redoing reregulate.


And he like, my son don't even like my version. He like, your version better, better than mine. So I was like, I was blown away. I got, I got it on video, I'm gonna put it in. Did you Perform with him? Did he, did he bring you up? I was, he, I was sitting in the crowd, the, and he was just, Yeah, you Know this, this, it's a song that a a guy You guys white Guy dude. Yeah. The name Warren G And by the way, Warren G is in the crowd down there and dah, dah dah, dah. And they was like, ah, and they shined the light and shit. And, but it was just cool just to, to get that experience. It was me and my wife, we just, we went up in there and, you know, just sat right up in the front and then they pulled us to the back and we chopped it up.


That's dope. I know, I know. You letting royalty checks been getting off, regulate Over you. Hell yeah. Shit. Yeah. Did you, how much did you have to pay because Sting had to pay, his Sting was paying Diddy two grand a day or some shit like that. It was Diddy paying Stink. Yeah, Diddy was paying Sting two grand a Day. We, we, every, we, we got a split to where everybody, when it's time, you know, quarterly when they come, boom, they get their Doobie brothers get theirs. Michael McDonald get his and they a estate get his, and then I get mine or You know how to make money other ways. You in the barbecue business now? Yes, indeed. Yes. And you competing in the, the barbecue festival next month? Yes. Yes indeed. Well, actually this weekend it's a national barbecue festival in, in God dog of this Long Island.


Mm. Getting ready to get down. You know, that's what I love to do outside of hip hop is, is you know, cook love.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Taking the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus, with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey good drivers. Yeah, we're talking to you. The ones who don't speed, the ones who avoid those fender benders and who always use their turn signal. Congratulations. You are a better driver and that means you could get better rates with root insurance. It's time to stop paying for other people's bad driving habits. You know, like the ones who cut you off just a slam on their brakes or the lead foot speeding to work every day with root insurance, you'll get a quote based primarily on your driving. Just download the Route app. Drive around like you normally would for a couple of weeks and boom, you'll get a quote that actually makes sense. It's that easy route because better drivers deserve better rates. Download the Route app today and see how much you could save. That's Route Insurance Terms and conditions apply subject to underwriting review. See route.com for detailss.


Over the past six years of making my True Crime podcast, Helen Gone. I've learned one thing. No town is too small for murder. I'm Catherine Townsend. I've received hundreds of messages from people across the country begging for help with unsolved murders. I Was calling about the murder of my husband. It's a cold case. I have never found her and it haunts me to this day. The murderer is still out there Every week on hell and gone murder line. I dig into a new case, bringing the skills I've learned as a journalist and private investigator to ask the questions. No one else is asking. Police Really didn't care to even try. She was still somebody's mother. She was still somebody's daughter, she was still somebody's sister. There's so many questions that we've never gotten any kind of answers for. If you have a case you'd like me to look into, call the Helen Gone murder line at 6 7 8 7 4 4 6 1 4 5. Listen to Helen Gone murder line on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I think everything that might have dropped in 95 has been labeled the Golden Years of Hip Hop. It's black Music Month and we need to Talk is tapping in. I'm Nyla Simone. Breaking down lyrics, amplifying voices, and digging into the culture that shaped the soundtrack of our lives. My favorite line on there was my son and my daughter gonna be proud when they hear my old tapes. Yep. Now I'm curious, do they like rap along now? Yeah, because I bring him on tour with me and he's getting older now too, so his friends are starting to understand what that type of music is and they're starting to be like, yo, your dad's like really the goat. Like he's a legend so he gets it. What does it mean to leave behind a music legacy for your family? It means a lot to me. Just having a good catalog and just being able to make people feel good. Like that's what's really important and that's what stands out is that my music changes people's lives for the better. So the fact that my kids get to benefit off of that, I'm really happy or my family in general. Let's talk about the music that moves us to hear this and more on how music and culture collide. Listen to, we need to talk from the Black Effect podcast network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Love that. And I'm a pit master. I ain't a a a mega chef, I'm a pit master, but all the chefs still call me a chef. They like, Hey chef, right? And I'm like, God damn, okay big, big names too. And I'm like, damn. So I, I created my own sauces and rubs. I don I didn't have a brain fart. I ain't got my shit set. I the table up here for you guys. I'm gonna give So ain't brain on Barbecue sauce. I'm, I can't bel oh my God. I got, it's, I I got in so early, it's all on my goddamn bus. So that video wasn't no bullshit. What video was you wanting to grill in? Yeah, you Was on the video G thing. G thing? Yeah. Yeah. Was I was flipping the rib. Well, nah, I was hanging, I was by by the pit.


You rolling it up. I I thought you was flipping the rib. But I, I've always been doing that though from, from day one. Everything we've done, I've always with cook and just, it came from my father, you know, just around family functions when we would have functions, everybody having a good time, he'd be cooking on the grill, you know, motherfuckers be drunk, you know, squabbling a little bit here and there, but just not serious, but just Family Secrets, reunion type stuff. And it stuck with me. So I started doing it ever since I was probably like, I'd say about 14, 15 years old. Just all, just everywhere I went, even with hustling, everything I would always cook and, and to where I got serious about it.


I, I was grilling at first and then I got into the smoke world and started learning that world from a bunch of different pitmaster from like Austin, Texas. Yeah. And you know, from all over. And they embraced me and showed me a lot. So, you know, now, now I, I got it, you know, not all the way down like some of the what I'm, I'm damn chauffeur to try to kick some ass and, and win it. That's what that Well congratulations on Snip and Griffin. That's, that's the Barbecue line. Just other other business ventures outside of, of hip hop. And I, I always like to tell the young world, you know, 'cause dudes be walking, they be having money stack this motherfucking high.


What the fuck is you going to just keep walking with money like that nigga Take that shit and go invest these nigga that be card or something. That's why you hear about 'em getting robbed and shit. Nigga go invest that shit. Go buy some land, go buy, get into real estate, create you a business outside of, of, of hip hop. But use hip hop as a tool. I love hip hop And I ain't gonna never stop doing it but I'm gonna use that as a tool as well to push this and push that just like the corporations do. That's right. You know, so all these young guys out there flashing with that money, y'all go invest that shit 'cause when it run out then you gonna be back to trying to do some shit that you don't want to do.


You know How you hook up with ice wear? Vizo, Bezo Ice Bezo Bezo. I'm sorry. Yeah. Yeah. Actually my cousin, one of my cousins out out of Chattanooga, man, he had hit me. He was like, Hey cousin, you seen this? And so he sent me the video so I played And I was like damn. I was like damn, okay. He redid it. This shit sound hard. The streets ain't the same. Yeah. And then one of my other homies hit me 'cause I'm a Xbox head so I'm on the Xbox and then the party, one of my homeboys and the Xbox party Maba hit me. He was like, Warren, you heard that ice swear vessel? I was like, damn nigga you said it. He said it. So I started listening again And I was like, this motherfucker is hard.


And then Snoop posted it And I was like, damn, this shit is hard. And so I DMed him, I said, I said Look, send me an open 12, I'm gonna bust on that motherfucker. So he sent it And I sent it back and he was like, he was like, OG this is, this is, I love it. This is, this is a classic. He was like, I'm gonna push this. And I said, Hey, it's all good. And he was like, so he thinking that, that I would be tripping. 'cause you know he, he was like, he done try to use so many different samples from other artists and they like, hell no. You know, they, you know mean about it. I was like, nigga use that motherfucker.


I don't care 'cause it ain't nothing but recycling. Yeah. You know, 'cause you blow it up then hey that's even more that come in now. You know, I don't want nothing. You ain't gotta pay me nothing, none of that. It'll, it'll pay for itself. Yeah. You know, so I, I said you could use anything I got Love that. Use it. That's dope. 'cause it's going, you know, it's going to help you and it's going to help bring in keep, keep the recycling going. So. Yeah. You know. Have you, have you ever confronted anybody about not getting your flowers? Or are you just to let the music in the work speak for itself? Type? I let the work in the music speak for itself. I don't want to get into that mode where I start tripping on, on, on Fools.


'cause I, I get, I go hard And I don't want to get there. You know, everybody else like, Warren, you so nice, you so cool. But I get off in a motherfucker ass. I just don't choose to go that route. I, And I don't like to argue with motherfuckers and, and you know, do all that extra shit. I'm just like, I'm gonna let this, I'm gonna let this dude speak for me. Motherfuckers know though, Emini here, they know I ain't, I ain't going to sit up there and play no motherfucking games. I I'm, I'm, I'm cool, but, And I should have, I should have been more, I should have been more vocal, vocal, active vocal.


Yeah. Vocal and active. But it, it is just like, you know, I've, I've seen so many people do foul shit to a lot of people. A lot of guys like, you know, I done seen motherfuckers talk shit about Dre, motherfuckers talk shit about Snoop and then they ass is right up under, you know, I ain't that type of motherfucker. I ain't gonna, I ain't gonna talk about these motherfuckers and, and and and then get in they face. If I got something to say to 'em. I said to 'em and yeah, I did talk about the, the Super Bowl shit. I was pissed off. You know, it just did. It just wasn't cool. And I, you know, And I ain't, it wasn't like something that I just brought up and did this and did that.


There was a whole story to it that led up to that. And it was a witness there. One of my guys, he, he with with our crew, he sat right next to me and he was even tripping and he got down there and went back there and I'm still in the fucking crowd. Wow. Mm. But I just wanted to go back there and hang out me and my son. That that was it. I don't Know. But now that you had a story and you understand how it is and the fact that y'all was so close and you introduced, you understand why? 'cause people, I don't think a lot of people necessarily knew. Did you speak to Dre or Snoop? Well you of course you spoke to Snoop. Did you speak to Dre after that? Have y had A conversation? No, I ain't talked to him. I done reached out to talk to him a few times, you know, but he, he always would be busy, you know.


But I ain't Emini here. It ain't, it ain't, I ain't got nothing against him. And you ain't seen nothing. I don't know because that was right there. I I didn't even see, you know, I was, I was focused on doing what I had to do. But Y'all don't have the best relationship huh? I don't even know what kind of relationship we have. I ain't seen him in a while. Yeah, we ain't talked in a while or, or hung out. You know, I ain't got nothing against him And I, but I don't know what, if there's a problem or not. I don't know. Was there something that I, to this point or Done? Huh? Was there something that got y'all to this point or? I have no idea. I don't know what the fuck is going on. You know, I don't know if somebody might, may have told him some shit or, or said some shit.


'cause a lot of motherfuckers will do that just to get up under a person. You know, they'll say, well he did it or something. I don't know. But, And I ain't tripping either at the same time. You know, I'm, I ain't got nothing against him, you know. But that shit just was kind of weird. You know, when I look up to you and you know, And I, you know, that's my guy still, you know, like I said, that's my sensei And I, I we could sit down and talk whenever face to face, you know, and, and pull it, put it all out. Put it all out there. And if it's something that I did And I was wrong, hey it is what it is. Okay. I was wrong. If you don't wanna fuck with me no more, that's fine. I cool.


But being in the blind and not knowing what's going on, I don't know. You know. But, 'cause that's what it seemed like. It it, to me it seemed like it, it, it may be a problem by, you know, it just, it just felt like a pro problem. Know they're my old boy, you know, I love that nigga to death. That's my dog. He said I don't bring shit to work with me. This, that's totally different that I don't, I don't think he was talking about me was Snoop when Snoop Was up here? Yeah. When Snoop was up there. I don't think he, I don't think he was talking about me as far as me being shit coming with him to go to the studio or wherever to work.


'cause that's all we ever did was get down and go to the studio together. Be, you know, go up there. I that we would, we we have fun. We, that's it. You know, it wasn't no, you know, so, you know, just, just, just clearing that, you know, Snoop is my homeboy. I have no problems with Dre. This is my best friend. You two guys, y'all, you got, y'all hang out. This my best friend and this your bro. And this is, this is my brother. It just be, it just be weird And I ain't, I I don't, and when I say weird as far as, it's like we don't go out to eat together no more.


We don't do family shit where we get the kids out and do shit like that go jet ski or go ski or it ain't about like some music shit or this, that, and this. I just to hang out like we used to. I don't know nobody else, you or the motherfuckers I grew with in this industry. I ain't, I aint, it is that. That's it. It ain't, that's it. Just, just hanging out let's you know, like being, being a crew again, a family again. You know, I ain't, I I'm just, that's it Warren. It's okay to say I miss you my Brother. It's okay to tell you people I miss you. We So tough as I miss you Snoop. I miss you.


It's okay. None of Them niggas know that after Snoop know that shit. 'cause I, I ch I chime in with Snoop, you know, when we don't talk for a while, I chime in with him like, nigga, just this morning, this Gub I'm checking in, you know, we ain't talked in a minute. So I'm checking in. I can't do that with Dre. You know, I, you know, me and Snoop, we, we talk all the time. 'cause recently, you know, we kind of like was distanced a little bit and I'm like, I hear Snoop like what's going on? We ain't talked to him in a while, you know, but not knowing that he was going through some things and, and as your best friend, you got to tell me that. 'cause I ain't, I don't know if you don't tell me. So he had had, you know, like he mentioned he lost his mom.


He lost his brother? No, not, not with the moms. He was like, you know, my, my daughter, her daughter came premature. So his granddaughter, you know. Yeah. So, and she's about to go home. Like he said she about to, she finally about to go home. I didn't know that. So he wasn't turn returning my call. So I was like, damn, this nigga Snoop ain't fucking with me. What's going on? And then he finally hit me and told me what was going on. So I was like, damn man. So I told him, you know, I'm, you know, I'm always praying for you and I'm always there for you when like, I have been through all the situations that he done been going through. 'cause I went through that same exact thing where I lost my grandmother, my mother, my mother-in-law.


I lost my, both aunties, my grandfather, I lost. Like all this shit was like in a row. And I, I was, I was fucked up, you know? So I've been through it. So that's why I was able to, to walk him through what he was going through with losing his mother. 'cause I lost mine too in 99. So I, I've been motherless for a long time. My kids don't even know they grandmother never met their grandmother. So mines So just to, to to be able there to tell him that, you know, and understand that this is life. This is what we're going to have to go through. And you just gotta man up.


You gotta understand that this is life. We going to have to go through this. Our kids gonna have to go through this shit. So just understand that and you'll, you'll be better about everything. Right. You know, you'll feel better. You cry. 'cause I still cry, you know? Now Charlemagne, I cry now. I ain't ain't like you say like you say Just say you, I miss you guys. You know what Emini here, you know I ain't Emini here. That that's it. It's, it's just being a family again. It ain't, you know, I ain't, I ain't, you know, I ain't tripping other than that. But if it is a problem, nigga address the shit, tell me.


And then I'll be fine with that. You know? I ain't tripping shit. I the gub keep it moving. But y'all came up together, y'all created a community and then just look at man, y'all survived. Yeah, That'd be beautiful a lot. Just Sit around and kicking and just talk. Yeah. Be be celebrate, survive. Yeah. You know, one, I'm a, one thing that did have that that I was really crushed about, And I have said it before, was I, it was a situation where I went into, I was in a studio situation and it was after Dre left And I didn't know that he left. And I was mad at him because he didn't tell me that he had left death row.


So I went to a studio session and, and was was was, you know, you know, people was trying to get at me like, you know, they was trying to, trying to whoop my ass up in that motherfucker. But you know, I got up out of the mix, but I was, I was kind of pissed off about that right there. And you know, I never got the call like, don't go around that shit. Wow. You know, so, and these niggas, they, if they had a chance to crack my head open, they would've cracked it. You know, I was just able to get away and get outta that situation and, and you know, you know the things that, you know, I'm not gonna lie.


And I, I, I, my, I had, I had, you know, I had, I I was, I had, I was locked and loaded, but it, it just wasn't worth it to end everything I got going on right now for me cracking this motherfucker for snatching my chains, a motherfucker snatched my chain. Then another guy came and caused a diversion. When he caused that diversion, I walked out. And when I walked out is when I got, I was able, I was able to get out and, you know, get away and, and and able to make my calls for my shit to come right back. And it came right back And I still got it to this day.


I sounded like Trump. When I say Did you talk to Dre about that ever? We ain't never had, like I said, we ain't talked in a long so Y'all ain't talked since that's the nineties. Early two thousands. Early two thousands Emini here we see each other, you know, here and there. Damn, we just ain't talked. You know, I don I don't, you know, ain't no, ain't nothing. It ain't no, like I said, ain't no static. I, he just, that's guess that's just, he just like that, that's just how he is. You know, he just, he just do his own thing, you know. But if it is a, a problem or something, I wish he would say it or, or should have said it, but people who be around be like, he always talking about you saying this and that and this, you know, good shit.


Well we never talk. Yeah. So, hold on. So since the, since aftermath Eminem 50 cent, that whole 50? No, we, we had, we had, we, we, around that time we used, I used to be up at the studio all okay we, you know, we even went to the islands And wasn't y'all on the upper smoke tour or am I making that? We Did the upper smoke tour. Yeah. It's just, I made 4,500 a show. Is it 4,500 a show? 45. I swear to God. Did they at least pay for your hotel and travel and all that? I had to pay for all that shit. 45 all In. Yeah. You made about 1500 a show with all that. Jesus. Yeah. Yeah. Well and it's not right Emini Here.


This, this is this. I'm just saying that's type, the type of stuff that I've been through, you know. So that's why I kind of like be to myself and just away from everything. So I, and try to, and try to do a lot of shit on my own. 'cause I, you know, shit just, you know. But do you think it's your demeanor? It's a new day, a new time? Well I was, I was pretty rough. I ain't gonna lie, Charlotte, you said he squabbled 31 times in this interview. Shouldn't even squabbled. I was, I was a, a hard head. I was immature back then, I was immature. Just, you know, I I wasn't like a, just a mega fighting machine.


But I was, I was down and just doing stupid shit back then. But I was, I you still don't, you, you know, that's, that, that ain't got nothing to do 'cause you grow with anything 'cause you grow in the business and I've grown a whole lot from what I used to be getting caught with guns and shit and you know, them giving me, taking me cuffing me pulling me. I was headed to do five years and that motherfucker, the judge went in the holding tank, pulled me back out the holding tank and told me, he said he, 'cause he seen my son in the room. I just had a baby. And he said I could, I'm gonna give you this chance.


He said, I I'm, you could go ahead and knock the five years out right now or you can, you can do joint suspension five years. I said, shit, I take the joint suspension. So he had him uncuff me, take me out and let release me joint suspension five years. And I, I did that five years joint suspension. Didn't get no trouble. I did, but I didn't, they didn't know it and went clean. And, and from since the beginning of that, that, that five year joint suspension, I did do some stupid shit during that time. I just didn't get, like I said get caught up for but after that I have not been to, to, to date.


I ain't been in no trouble since then. From that, from that point on. But not saying I, like I said, I don't, I don't star shit with motherfuckers. I just, I keep it pushing 'cause it's just life is too short for that shit Right. To be arguing or, or, or you know, motherfuckers trying to, you know, all the talk and all that gang shit. That's, that shit is just, I'm, I'm past all of that. Absolutely. I'm trying to create businesses and help people grow. Yeah. And just barbecue man And barbecue. That's what I love to do. And drink me a, a beer, smoke me a joint. There you Go. S Right. You know what I, I want people to watch this interview and at the end of it, I want them to think to themselves.


Warren G introduced Snoop de Dre. So West Coast rap wouldn't exist the way it does without you and you saved Def Jam. Yeah. So the East Coast wouldn't exist the way it does without you because that a hundred million dollars Def Jam made that, they used that to invest into the next generation of East coast artists. Which the Warren, Jay-Z That's what I'm saying. You are a pillar in hip hop. Justin Bie, I like comic books. I like the Marvel universe. Like you like Loki holding a bunch of branches together. Yeah. You know, in this thing called hip hop. So man, they gotta give it up to you man. Absolutely. Yeah. I shit, I the thing what, what, what, what would've been cool? What is cool, even though I gotta wait like four more years is just if they gave me my masters back, that would be cool.


If I was, if I was the company, I'd be like, damn, this motherfucker did all this. Boom, let's give him this shit. We got, we got Jay-Z, we got Kanye, we got all this shit on Drake. We got all these catalogs and shit over here. We don't really need this. Don't you get your Masters back after I got four more years. Years. He said okay. But shit, fuck all that I need. That's right. We appreciate you for joining us. No, that's all good. Thank you you guys And love to hear your story and thank You. I was getting ready to come in here. I was gonna say we gonna get this shit started off right now. We finished up, We got all three of us. Yeah.


Hey, that was Classic. I said it nigga crazy man. When I seen that shit I was like, this shit is Crazy. Well we know you like the squad, but we glad we not number 32. So Listen that Nah, nah, nah, nah. It's, it's all good man. I, I ain't, I ain't no rowdy fighting ass motherfucker. But you know, I just, I just be Warren, you know, I just be myself. Well Thank you for joining us ladies and gentlemen. It's Warren g much Love you guys. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning Cha. Wake that ass up early In the morning, The Breakfast Club.


Hi, I'm Danielle Official from Pod Meets World. So for my two boys, I got Samsung Galaxy Watch for kids. And I'm not saying I'm kind of jealous of my kids' tech, I'm saying I am definitely jealous of my child's tech. This thing lets them call, text and explore all from their wrist. No smartphone required. And don't worry, you are still the boss. You control who they can talk to and yes, you can totally stalk their location in real time. Get Galaxy Watch seven on T-Mobile. Now Kid Ready with a new paired line. Visit T-Mobile dot com to order yours today. Parent and Child must have a Samsung account and Google account with Family Link requires initial pairing with a compatible Samsung smartphone and qualifying wireless plan with LTE Service activated. Please check with your carrier for more information. Trusted contact applies to compatible apps. It does not restrict communication through third party or other communication apps. Emergency services and contacts remain accessible. Location sharing is dependent on network connectivity and device being recently active T-Mobile terms via 24 monthly bill credits. When you add a qualifying paired watch line, see additional offer terms on T-Mobile dot com.


Over The years of making my True Crime podcast, Helen Gone. I've learned no town is too small for murder. I'm Catherine Townsend. I've heard from hundreds of people across the country with an unsolved murder in their community. I was calling about the murder of my husband, the murderer is still out There. Each week I investigate a new case. If there is a case we should hear about, call 6 7 8 7 4 4 6 1 4 5. Listen to Helen Gone Murder line on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Stay informed, empowered, and ahead of the curve with the BIN News. This hour podcast updated hourly to bring you the latest stories shaping the black community from breaking headlines to cultural milestones. The Black Information Network delivers the facts, the voices, and the perspectives that matter 24 7 because our stories deserve to be heard. Listen to the BIN News this hour podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


Your gut microbiome and those healthy bacteria can actually have positive effects. Your mental health, your immunity, your risk of cancer, almost any disease under the sun. This week on Dope Labs TT And I dive into The World of probiotics, the height, the science, and what your gut bacteria are really doing behind the scenes From drinks and gummies to probiotic pillows. Yes, really probiotic pillows. Hmm. We are breaking down what's legit and what's just brilliant marketing. With Expert Insight from gastroenterologist, Dr. Roshi Raj. Listen to Dope Blabs on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This is an iHeartPodcasts.