
This is an iHeartPodcasts. Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could just escape the chaos?


Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down, the all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations.


Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at at.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


KFC, chicken and waffles, fresh juicy chicken and rich waffles with syrup. It's the kind of sweet and savory order that will make people stop whatever they're doing and stare in envy. So as you dig into your mouth, ordering original recipe chicken and warm waffles or dip them in your syrup. Try not to eat near people. Crossing the street, driving cars, handling heavy objects or operating heavy machinery, you know, for their safety. KFC Chicken and Waffles is the order people are gonna envy. KFC is finger licking good.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes, Indeed. Be in welcome. Thank you so much for having me guys. How you doing Bro? Thank you. I'm doing great. I'm having a, an amazing time in New York. Just sold out the sobs the other night and so now I'm in the best The Breakfast Club. So this is a big deal for me guys. You just launched a tour, right? Yes, I won tour. Currently I'm doing 10 states And I just played New York two nights ago playing Atlanta tomorrow and we're sold out everywhere. Oh, That's dope. Great. Congratulations. Super blessed. Thank you. Thank you.


And the album is called, lemme see if I'm pronouncing this right. Ausa. Ausa. Yes. Ausa is my name as known in my village. So Ausa, why are you topless? So you don't have no shirt on most of the time. Yeah. You be out showing titties usually, but I Had to buy. Yeah. So I'm showing titties. I some t I'm showing some stomach, you know, some back. Yeah. But being topless is freedom. Being topless is audacity. And in this phase of my career and where I'm at right now, I need that audacity to be with me every day. Is that really audacity to be topless? If you walk around with no pants on dick swinging? Nothing. That's audacity. Just the shirt off. You know when you get home, like if you're a girl, when you get home the first thing you do is you your bra.


Yeah. And that's part of the freedom I'm talking about. Being topless is not, what do you Identify as the End nigga? A black man. No, I'm just saying. You said as a girl, I don dunno. No, it's me. No. An analogy. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. It's an analogy. Yeah. Oh My god. Now you Did. No, but that's the different though. 'cause when I get it, when women get home and they take that bra off, they free. Right. That is it. What about you? Like when you get home and maybe in Miami? No, if in Miami, if you're in a sunny place and a humid place and you take off your shirt, that's freedom man. Yes. Yeah. And basketball shorts no draws. You not talking about that? Not so much. Come on now. I Pushing against nor draws agenda. You pushing this Yes.


Agenda. It's not an agenda. Just the name of Charlemagne. I was gonna be Charlamagne Wild. You gay? Shout Why? Yes. Shout out my neighbors Uganda for that. Oh yeah. My neighbors. This are my next door neighbor. Yeah. Now you did rap. I was gonna say you did rap radar the other day. Yes, I did. And you came with something different that I don't think any rap radar guest has ever done. Seen Interviews On. No, on The radars. A rapper About to say. Oh, on the radar. Gabe was like, what? Gabe? Yes. You came with a chicken. Yeah, I came with a chicken. I would've come with a chicken here. But there's too many rules and you guys are really on the top floor. So I wasn't able to smuggle my mascot into the building. No, That's right.


Yeah. Chicken. But you know why a chicken, A chicken is my cultural totem. Like the animal that represents my culture is a rooster. And it's because a rooster is a timekeeper. A rooster is a caregiver, a rooster is a, a security for your home. I, there's many things including a good meal. So that's why I walk around with, That's Why I walk around with it. Where did You get this chicken from? Where did you get the chicken from? Because I, I know you didn't, I didn't know the animal laws in New York. I had to drive all the way to Pennsylvania. Like I To get a chicken. Yeah. To get a, The queens, They wouldn't sell it to me in Queens. Nobody would give me a live chicken in New York because it's against the law. So I had to go all the way to Pennsylvania, cross state lines to look for the chicken.


But yeah. What I think it's about the, the wording. 'cause you know, in America, I don't know, I don y'all know if You'all say this in Kenya, America they say cock. So you have to say, I wanna bring my Cock. Yeah. I To the interview. To the interview. Can I my cock? Yeah. It was just me and my, yeah, me and my cock. Yeah, Me and my Cock. Yeah. I was stroking my cock like The whole time. Where did you, and if you say you eating your cock, you really might get invited into some Party. Yeah, I give a chicken. I, i, I give, I give, I give my cock to my driver and he took it to an animal, like home animal shelter. So he's alive. So your cocks alive. Okay. Yeah, my cork's alive being, I don't know why you wanted to come here of all in the morning. I Needed to be here. I needed to be here today. Thank you. I'm trying, I'm trying to be professional, but you guys are crazy. Let's go.


So This is a freedom album, basically, you know, 'cause it's Aus. So why are you topless? You are So previously in my other life, I was in a band. I was in a boy band. Okay. And the, the band was called Saudi Soul called Saudi Soul. Soul. So means in Swahili, voices of the Sun. Okay. Yeah. So I was in a boy band and this is my second like, lease of life. So now I'm a solo artist. I've been a solo artist for two years now and everything's looking up. I'm at The Breakfast Club Mama. I made it. Nice. Why does Saudi soul take such a long hiatus for music? Y'all, y'all last, the last thing thing ever. We were together, We, yeah. We're like New Edition from Kenya. Hmm. Yeah. All boys to men we met in high school. Wow. So we've been together 20 years. 20 beautiful years. The best years of my life.


Hmm. Yeah. What made you just wanna go solo now? Just trying something new, you know, after doing something for a long time, I think it was time for us to try and see what the other side looks like. And it's been beautiful so far. I think we needed this break so that our next season will be just as glorious, even better. So. And what is the other Saudi souls doing? Like what? They're Making music. They're doing interesting things. My brother Paul k just launched his guitar, which is an amazing guitar. Ano is on tour. Sava is putting out music as well. So we are all busy and we are all working together. Like we we're all writing for one another. We're all producing for one another. Oh, they're still friends. Oh, great friends. Great friends. Amazing. Yeah. Why do you think East African music hasn't seen a surge in, I guess, mainstream, the way artists from the, the western south of Yeah.


Well there's many aspects to it, including the fact that it's just never been funded. Any music that you hear in the West is marketing dollar spent to get the music there. So for a long time, east Africa hasn't had that limelight. Also, our numbers in the diaspora don't come anywhere close Nigeria. So the dominant culture in the diaspora is gonna be Nigeria. But the next logical sound to listen to after you've gone north, east, west, no, Northwest and south is east. And so here we are, you know, we're taking the stairs, but we're getting here anyway. You know, why is it, I I I noticed with with international artists, they always want to win in the us. Yeah. Why is that so important? Because When you win in the US the reward is too high.


Being the biggest artist in Kenya is nowhere close being the biggest artist in the us. When you win in the US you win in The World. So for a long time, this market has dominated The World like that. Also, you guys have the structures, you have the venues, the ticket masters and all these, you know, all of these infrastructure that mix music what it is in The World. Yeah. So your thought leaders, your global leaders, why not? Yeah. Do you remember when your, your, your love for music first hit you? Yes. I was like, maybe five or six. I was watching Bob Marley song, iron Lion, Zion Da. And that's the first time I was like, whoa, what is this? Like I, I feel like doing this thing and I've been doing it since I'm 37 now guys.


I've been singing 31 years. Yeah. Wow. Since six years old. Since I was six. Yeah. And I joined the choir in church. And I always say the church is the best artist development program in The World. 'cause that's where all the great musicians, especially for black music come from. How was it in Kenya? 'cause you know, you know, you hear stories, people from Nigeria, their parents like, no, you're not gonna go into music, you're not gonna go into entertainment. You're gonna be a doctor. You know, like, like in Kenya, when you said you wanted to do music, How was it? My mom said, as long as you finish school, as long as you finish college, you can do whatever you want. And music has been a kind master to me. Music paid me through college. Like I put in my first single with Ti Soul, my band when I was a freshman. And just like that, my life changed.


Wow. I had to finish school, but I started to be a journalist, so I'll probably be working here. I did communications. And did you know that moment where you knew you were gonna make it? Like, oh, this is, this is what I was here to do. I told also my cousin when I was six that I'm going to be a superstar and she laughed it off. But I remind her to this day that this is written. Like I, I always knew that this is what I'm gonna do. Yeah. Even though sometimes life pushed me in directions where I wasn't in my direct journey. Like, for example, like when I started communications, it wasn't me studying music, but it came back now to make sense. You know, like my arty skills are different. I understand how to interview, how to, there's just things I learned in uni that are very vital for me right now.


Mm. And back then you was just like, oh, I'm, I'm thinking I'm training to be on the other side of the microphone. But then you ended up being an artist, so you got It. I was actually just finishing school to clock out something in life to say that I have a degree, but I wasn't very passionate about it. What'd You major in Communications? Just, Okay. Yeah. You just said that He communicated that Said, I communicated the journalist Not as effective. I just wanted to be clear. Be clear. Have you ever had any big dreams of working with any American artists? Yes. Tons of them. You got, I'm, I'm a big fan of, of course Beyonce. I think her excellence is everything. Yeah. I love Coca Jones. Oh, nice. Yeah. Yeah. I I think she's beautiful as a singer.


Two chains. Yeah. I like two chains. I like the New Album he has with Larry. Larry Junior. Yeah, I'm sure. Two. I'm sure y'all already done something together. We're About to Gotcha. Yeah, we're about to. And many other artists, like honestly, anybody who's willing to work, I'm willing to work with as well. Yeah, yeah. I realize music is better when you make it with friends. What, what was life like growing up for you in, in, in Kenya and, and how did your, your, your Kenyan culture influence the way you see The World today? Yeah, Growing up, growing up in Kenya is beautiful because we are situated in a, in a part of Africa that is very cosmopolitan. So we get American influence. We also get Arabian influence. We get all these, these influences And I think that's what shaped me to the musician I'm today.


Hmm. Like, I'm the most Kenyan man you're ever gonna meet in your life. My isms, my accent, my music, my sound. Yeah. Is deliberately from that. Yeah. Did anybody ever try to conform, like you have to conform to go mainstream? Yeah, every time I try conforming I feel miserably, so I don't try anymore. Yeah. Yeah. And also like, I've been in the game for so long right now And I don't have the pressure to please anybody, so I'm just doing me and so far it's working out. Don't you think it's disrespectful to to to African culture to try to conform, to be mainstream anywhere else? Yes. But sometimes, you know, you have to play the game if you wanna win otherwise to a certain degree I think.


And it's not bad to conform. We know, we really talk about conforming, like it's a bad thing. Conforming just means there's a way people do things in a certain way that has, has been proved to work. So if you want those results, you can try or you can take the long route. You can take whatever route you want, but you just start changing your sound. Yeah. A little bit of conforming without losing yourself in the process and selling out isn't bad. Still Breaking that move. Yeah. I think in America people don't really know what they want until they get it. You know what I'm saying? Like nobody ever knows what the next big thing really is. Oh, they follow everybody else. That's what I'm saying. So it's just like, you know when y'all just do y'all. Yeah. It's like, oh we fuck with that. Like I love Afrobeats. You know what Emini here, I love All I know you love Afrobeats. She Emini here. You've been pushing us for a minute. All of you by the way have really Been. Yeah. I like all the different sounds that I'm piano, what's it called?


I'm api. Yes. I'm A piano. Like I like, I like, I just like it. It's just a dope sound. And then when you visited the continent you really, really feel it. So it's just like, I'd rather y'all do y'all instead of trying to be what we got going on over here. I agree. I agree. Like, And I also think where The World is at right now, people are really having proximity to their content. Mm. Like people are consuming their content with proximity. So I have, I haven't seen an American artist blow in, in Kenya like in my village the same way 50 cent did eons ago. Right? Mm. To mean that the people they have now chosen other sounds to be their thought leaders. So I think it's important for you guys to, you know, come to the continent and fuck with other sounds and listen to what the, the continent has to offer.


We are so eclectic. There's tons of sounds in Africa, some that are untapped, some that are new. But you're gonna come out there with James. So 50 came out 2002. So you're telling me in 23 years nobody else is connected in Kenya. So Many people have connected. I'm just talking about that golden era when you were big in America, you were big in the village, like it went all the way. So kids now these artists, yeah. Now these artists were big in America and they're selling out, but their songs don't have the same crossover in other parts of The World. Well kids were mimicking 50 Back then, bro. You're going to barbershops and you sing ludicrous on the, on the charts. The Barbershop chart. Yeah. And the barbershop charts. And that's I think a golden era in hiphop that we are never, we not to say never gonna see again, but we will see maybe in another lifetime.


What Was it about 50 you think? I think he just connected. He was authentic. Yeah. And he's never, he's always been his authentic self. Whether you love him or you hate him. 50 is just that he's 50. Yeah. I think it was the music back then too. The music. Yeah. Yeah. Because even I, I, I DJ'ed in Kenya several times but it was just, it was just a feeling of that effect. Like I don I don't, I don't see any artists that had that effect where you wanted to dress like him where you wanted to be him. Wear bandana, Emini here. 50 made people want to be him. I don't see that now. Yeah. And, and but also I see that now I did maybe not for all. Alright. Name my artists that people dress like and wanted to be like since 50. I think the kids dress a lot of the kids. That's how Kanye, That's it.


But that was around the same time. That was around the same time when they come out talking about now Emini here now it's a bunch with Lil Wayne, Playboy, Kanye, All the now dressed Like 50 and Kanye all The girls like Tyler Really sound old. Not like And Kanye. Nah, not like 50 and Kanye. I'm Just thinking the music was so impactful. I don dunno, the zeitgeist of the time, the rhythm of the time just favored that whole wave. I think what you saying, it wasn't really a lot of other people that people wanted to be like in that time. 'cause 50 had a whole era. It was like the 50 cent era people was wearing, you know the g the funny with the nipples out side, it was a bunch of things. Yeah It was was I had all the bootleg uni because you know who's gonna tank top?


How you gonna get original uni in Kenya? So not the tank top, but You had that tank top. All Of these kids started mimicking Lil Wayne. Yeah. After Lil Wayne came out. Lil Wayne. That was before, no it wasn't. It was after Foodie talking about Lil Wayne and the Carter two and threes. What you Talking about? That was all around the same time? No, it Wasn't 50 get Richard do trying was oh two when Lil Wayne was selling a million in a week for the card. What was it Carter two, either two and three or three and four. That was like oh six. Yeah. Oh 5 0 6. And then everybody started dressing like, love that but Oh but that, but to my point is that, was that era? Yeah, we're talking this is two 20. This is 2025. 2025.


So who had that effect where pop many people Wears boozy Playboy. Cotti. I don't see it like, But I don't see that impact. Not like waist, The continent. You're also 37. Yeah, I'm 46. I agree. I Agree. He's 47. You go talk to them. 20 year olds, 19, 20 year olds. They got these true guys that they dress in like bro. Yeah. Yeah. I also say that you are married to Chicky, Zaa. Am I saying it right? Kaa? Yes. Yes. He's also my manager. She is Your manager. You married your manager. How is that dynamic? It's beautiful. It's been by far the most rewarding experience of my life. Mm. Yeah. I don't think I'd have, I'd have it this easy in my solo career if I didn't have someone who centers me like her. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. It's amazing. Amazing. Did you meet her before?


She she, she was your manager. You married her or no, you Okay. We were together, we've been together 11 years and she managed me for only the last two years. And then she became, during that entire time it was just husband and wife. Got it. And then when I went solo I was just like, yo, I think you need to manage me. And she was like, okay, we're doing it for the home and it's beautiful. Like it's by far the most rewarding experience of my life. Do you pay her? And otherwise, damn, Damn. You got it. I pay her like that. No Emini here. Got It.


The first two months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousins late. It's overshare. It's a lot. But here's the good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Ronald is your piece on wheels. Thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Taking the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the bold premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with the 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic, chill or in straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan of Ronald be your oasis in the chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan of vinyl today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah. Don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity you depend on deals you want in service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at&t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Kfc, chicken and waffles, fresh juicy chicken and rich waffles with syrup. It's the kind of sweet and savory order that will make people stop whatever they're doing and stare in envy. So as you dig into your mouth, ordering original recipe chicken and warm waffles or dip them in your syrup, try not to eat near people. Crossing the street, driving cars, handling heavy objects or operating heavy machinery, you know, for their safety. KFC Chicken and waffles is the order people are gonna envy. KFC Is finger licking good?


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Great. You know, I don't know how you guys around your households And I think America is a very different country from, but in my household, the money comes to the port, the money belongs to the family. Yeah. That and she has access to all of my money And I have access to all of hers. So like we work to build a future for us and our children. So I think How long Do we African save money? All of them. Money. Money. Yeah. So how do y'all Gonna say, I just like the way y'all say it. We Just say money. Yeah, Money. But how, how do y'all separate the business mode from the Bay mode? Like Yeah. How is it? We don't, I don't, yeah, We, we'd be in bed at midnight and she'd be like, babe.


Yeah. Did you check the mix for, did you check the mix for the song that was sent? You know, like we just don't have the, we don't have the lines further down the road. I know that might be a problem, but So far so good. It's Beautiful right Now. Yeah, it's beautiful and and we just really on great energy. Yeah. We've had really dark times before she started managing me And I think when she managed me that saved our marriage like that saved our relationship. Wow. What, what are some of the biggest challenges you face? Just being a, you know, creative trying to come, come outta Kenya. Trying to Break that. I think coming from East Africa, no one's looking out for a musician from East Africa. You guys are looking out for athletes and long distance runners and all and safari experiences and all of these things. And my job now is to literally cut a road in the jungle for my kids to come and show you what East African music is about.


Right. So it's a challenge, but it also comes with the blessings because in many, in many, many opportunities, I'm gonna be the East African, the token is African to show up, but The Breakfast Club and you know, tell you guys about where I'm coming from. Yeah. Yeah. That's dope. Any visuals we got coming? Yeah, sure man. I have a New Album coming out soon. Okay. Entitled Ausa Continua. Do you shoot music videos? Yeah, I shoot to your, so we got visuals to look forward to. Yeah. We got amazing music videos to, yeah I I, I did shoot a couple music videos before I came to the States. Mm. Are you gonna shoot any in the states? No, I don't have time. Okay. Yeah, my tours really after, after America I'm going to Europe. So like I have to just get one run. Yeah. I'm on run. Yeah.


But I'd love to shoot in the States man. You know, you guys have all the culture here so. Yeah. Yeah. I saw something where they was saying you it the, the Grammys was donating some money to Kenya. What was that about? That was political. So the Grammys are doing an Africa Grammys, you know, like same way we have the Latin Grammys. So there's been talk about Africa doing a Grammys and Kenya had put in a bid to be the host for the Grammys. 3.8 million. It Was something like that. Yeah. And the bid, the whole, I think the news came out at a very bad time because at that time economically and even now we are not doing so well as a country. So a people in $8 million spend on the Grammys feels like an impulse spend to the people.


Like a back the face. Yeah. It's like come on man. But the Amount of money that the Grammys would bring in would be Yeah. Quadruple at though I'm sure You know a not a lot of people have the insights of the music business to understand the value of the Grammys coming to Kenya like that, you know, but so the people were just up in arms because they felt like there's many more ways to spend the $3.5 million. Yeah. Why did you agree with it? 'cause I'm an artist And I understand what it's going to do for my constituency for my people. Like this is future, future, you know, investments for the artists who are coming, you know, they're going to thank us one day for hosting the Grammys in Kenya. So I think it's not a bad thing. Maybe the communication behind it should have been better. Maybe they should have been told about the financial Yeah. You shouldn't Agree in communications.


Yes, I agree. I agree Jess. I agree. I agree. Maybe just the communication only should have been better. Yeah. Yeah. They should have said what Envy has said about the profit and what we stand to gain as a country. Yeah. And this and this and this. And many people would've been like, okay, we see it Emini here. It would the visitation. Yeah. Hotels, restaurants, foods, tourism. Yeah. Emini here. It's just so much that you get out The development programs for the different facets of the music industry that go, that the Grammy comes with as well's. Right. Yeah. You know, the Grammy is like a good artist development program as well. Second to the church. So yeah. It would be nice if they came through. Yeah. I'm still hoping they do. Yeah. Yeah. Does that put a lot of pressure on you knowing that Kenya is a country that isn't doing that well financially, but you may be doing better than most?


Yes. It puts pressure on me to make art that speaks to those people and tells their story to The World. Like I want people to see the pain and the struggle in my art. I want them to listen to the lyrics And I want them to, I want the lyrics to take them to places in Kenya that they've never been to. And I want the human experience to connect. So right now we are not going to a, a very easy time. Our government has no opposition. The opposition is the youth. And for the last year or so, there have been so many abductions. There's been so many, there's been freedom of expression, but not freedom after expression.


And I just think it's important for us to know that, or the, the leaders to know that I have more faith in the children who are coming than their leadership in terms of the power they used to oppress. Yeah. I don't have any fear to the, to the current like regime. I have more faith in the kids And I think the kids are going to save us. Do You feel comfortable living there? I feel comfortable living in Kenya. Yeah. I would say to a large extent Kenya's a beautiful country. Yeah. There's many experiences you can get and if, and and we are generally very peaceful people, but the recent times have been very tough economically.


Yeah. But we are not a basket case. That's right. Yeah. We are proper people. Kenyans are fighters. Africans are fighters. And the people of Africa will keep the lights on. The people of Kenya will keep the lights on. Absolutely. What is one of your favorite songs from the album? Mache. Mache? Yeah. It's a tribute to you Jess. I wrote it to you. Yeah, she's Married. Was It inspired? Damn. So am I. It's okay. I'm also married but He's also African so he can have more than one wife. No he can't. That too. You can't, you're Mexican. Not too, you're imagin Mexican. Institutionally you can only have more. More than one baby That's every African. I thought that was in certain villages. Why are y'all doing that? You know, some things just I found in this world and there's such complex issues that I can't really address right now on the breastfeeding club, but I'm not doing it.


Okay. Yeah. Because cheeky deserves all of you and Only you. All of me. Only me her. Yeah. Okay. Yes. So you wouldn't want another wife Emini here? I'm just saying not, not, not. Let me rephrase That. See, try to get you in trouble again. No, no, No, no, no. Lemme rephrase that. I know you are happily married. I'm just saying based off African tradition in a lot of countries. Yeah. Yeah. You are allowed to have another wife Constitutionally in Kenya. You're allowed? Yes. Do I want another wife? Yes. No I don't. Gotcha. Yeah. Not now. No, no I don't. No, because just get You in trouble Just because that's, you know, culturally like y'all can do. That doesn't mean you always want that. Right. There are, yeah. I, so I come from a Polyus family. My dad has 10 kids from six different women.


Legend. I am the last of 10. I am the last of 10. Get in trouble. Tell Emini here you've be in trouble. I know you by the way He's married. Is he married to him or just Informally? One would argue that. Yeah. So formally he's been married to two. Okay. Yeah. My mother is the last of the 10 and I'm the yeah of the six. And They all know about each other. They all know about each other. When he bought a spoon for our house, he bought a spoon for the other house. You know, like Yeah. If you guys really understand how polygamy works, maybe it's not gonna be a very touchy subject. Yeah. I think just when you listen from the west and how people speak about it, it's just really given the vibe that it's unfair.


But it's everything. It has everything to do with society and how society was set up back then. It may not work now. I agree. But back then it had everything to do with community and looking out for one another. You know, in some cases a guy was polygamous 'cause maybe his first wife couldn't get kids, you see. And she'd be like, let me bring a helper to see how we can do this. Right. Also, the more kids you had, the more labor you had. Because we were farmers. We were, we were hu husbands men. And so the more children you had, the more people you had to make, create wealth with. So that was the structure then. But see, polygamy is one sided because what if Tiki was like, I want like three or four husbands.


Yeah. What you going do? There are some African cultures that have been matriarchs. That's True. Oh really? Yes. Okay. Yeah. So polygamy has also gone both ways. I think I don, it's called Polyandry on the other side. So not all polygamy has been men Doing That to women. No. It's also been women doing that to men. Okay. Go both ways. Is that what you want? Try Jess? Huh? Would you? No, no, no. Would you get all Four? No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Would You? No, no, no, no. I don't, I don't, I don't have time. I do not have time. Yeah. So Man, you look like Mike Kaiser and John Sally. Do you know them people? I know JB smu. A lot of people told me I look like JB s You Don't like JB smu? Lemme show you John Sally. I just wanna show you John Sally, my cousin too. Don't be funny.


Real. Oh really? Yeah. We were related. Yep. The basketball players. But they always say if you go to some place on the continent, you'll see somebody that look like you. Yes. Charlamagne, I see you in Ca Town. I see you every morning in my village. A taller version. Yeah. That dude looks like me. Yes. If he Gets some glasses. John Sally got some Kenyan heritage. He's a Cutie though. He looks nice. What? Okay. I know that's right. So Emini here. I see, I see why he would say that. Yes. No, let me show you Mike Ki See. No, it might not be too No. Show the African Charlamagne. Show us him. I went to Turkey the other day and a guy was like, girl Tupac. Yes. That's What so played Jude. Lemme say Yeah. Who is that?


Mike Co. He do look like Kai and Johnson. No he don't. He ain't called Mike Kai Cutie Though. No, no. That look like RAs Baraka. Yeah. Jesus Up man. But Damn, I forgot what I was re ask you. Damn. Get into a joint. You wanna, you wanna Yeah, that's what I was. Yes. I wanted to get into what you wanna hear one of your songs. One Of my songs. Ache My, yeah, you said My Inspired Was that inspired by Stevie Wonder though? Just a little bit Because You know, we got a song m you Know. Okay. Yeah, I know, I know the song. Okay. I love Ste. Stop singing. You see this? Stop singing. Do alright. Right. It's A Please stop. I love Stevie. But mache is just inspired by the trillions of Africans who use the word mhy for their lovers.


Oh, Okay. It's a, it's a way of life. Can I ask one more random question? Yeah. What would, what would Africa look like if all the countries were unified? I ask myself that question all the time. I ask myself, what did Africa look like if we weren't colonized? Mm. Because, you know, naturally we have never really been people who go out to conquer and convert. We've always been, and that's why it was very easy to colonize us. 'cause we were easy to, you know, coerce and we didn't know the games that the other party was playing. So I think a United Africa is an Africa that's living to its full potential. Is peaceful, is there's some, there's some leaders right now in the continent who are showing what Africa could do.


United, I don know if you guys have heard about tra from Burkina Faso. Ora Faso. Yeah. Yeah. And he's been able to unite the countries on his region. They've been able to kick out France and because He's taking care of People. Yeah. And he's taking care of people. Simple. And I see that to be the future of the continent. And when we unite, we will be unstoppable in all the beautiful ways. I love the content, man. I, I, I'm, I'm going. I welcome you guys to Kenya, but I, I came bearing gifts. Can I give you gifts? Yes. Okay. Don't bring out, don't pull out no cocks. Relax. Uhuh relax. So in Kenya, I'm the chairman of the Bald Men Association. Hey. Hey, let's go. And I see you Shala man. And this is made by Jam. Oh, I love it. I'm wearing this the ball.


Bald men love Better. I love It. You know, it says Bald men love better. Oh, I love it. Of course we love better. As soon as I get my fresh Baldy this week I'm wearing this. I love this. Yes. And Jess, I got you this in pink. You got The same one ball. You got the same ball. What you own, you own a barber chat? I don't. Oh, okay. It was just a theme for one of my albums. And I worked on this with a friend of Michael Kim Jam. Shout out. That's my brother. I love You got how a bald woman love Better too. No Bald Men. Shit. Oh shit. Bald Men. Bald men. Damn. That was unnecessary. B, that was totally fucking uncalled for. Thank you so much. I just want you to do And envy because I want you to look approachable. I got you This in pink. Okay, thank you. Yes.


Because I know like I know you're a gangster. Envy. I'm a gangster. What the fuck y'all be believing that dumb shit? He be saying, alright, give that thank you. Yes. Where? With me. And you go out Charlamagne. That's dope. Period. What's the website? There's No website. You don't what I'm saying. That was, That was part of my show. Something I was doing. But yeah, man, bald men do love better. So that's a fact. As a bald man, as the chairman of the Baldman Association, When did you start going bald? Like you did it on purpose In the beginning and then he caught up with me. The headline was getting pushed back up. The headline. The headline was, yeah, It just left. And I remember one time I was also washing my face And I had a bigger face to wash.


Me Too. Whoa. I know the feeling. This is over. Yeah. But you know, I took it with Stride. It's become my thing now. Yeah. And quite frankly, the girls like it. You know, like we're different. Balding is actually a sign of a lot of test testone. So if you're bald, you're a man's man. Word. If it's anything to go by, but Nice. Whatever. B la generation. Good to see you, brother. Tell. Is there a website for the toy or Just go to Oh yes man. You can go on my Instagram. BNA me soul. B-I-E-N-A-I-M-E-S-O-L-B-N-A Me Soul. You can go there. There's a link for the tickets. I'm playing Ohio next. I'm playing Atlanta next. I'm sold out in pretty much every place. Hey. But you can follow the boy, you can check out the vibes.


And through my page you're gonna discover what East Africa is about. I also wanna welcome all of you guys to Kenya. I'd love to thank You. If you guys ever land in Kenya Envy. I know you come there often. So tell them not often. I gotta get back though. Hey Kenya. Right. But tell them about it. Tell them beautiful place Kenya. Right by Zanzibar, right? Yes. In Tanzania. Yeah, because I went there last year. Well, the year before last I went to Tanzania Zanzibar and they was like, you gotta go to Kenya. It's right there. Yeah. Yeah. Nice. So I'm welcoming you guys to Kenya. Thank You. Absolutely love to see you guys there. Yes sir. Ate you brother. Well, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Okay.


Have you heard about this? Last year the green changed the Formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old scent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back. Now it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. It's the reason. It's the number one men's antiperspirant and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


We went from normal life, healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia or a B cell, a LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. It was a little bit of a scary drive. There was a time where the storms were really heavy. Shortly after that I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into Hope. St. Jude gave us a hope that we didn't know was possible. I truly can't even imagine not having St. Jude in our lives. I knew that it was really bad And I had a lot of questions, but I knew that everything was gonna be okay. St. Jude saved everything that matters to us. I don't know that we'd have CJ without them. I am beyond grateful. My hopes are I could work with St. Jude. To have hope is to have St. Jude. To have hope is to have your child healthy. And we have that because of St. Jude, You can help kids buy childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in Hope today by visiting music gives.org.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Residents at BrightView Senior living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.