
This is an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing massy seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moon roof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


We Went from normal life healthy child to a cute lymphoblastic leukemia, or B cell a LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. Shortly after that I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. To have hope is to have your child healthy. And we have that because of St. Jude. You can help kids fight childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in Hope today by visiting music gives.org.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no. This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I get right back there and it's bad. Listen to absolute season one taser incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Why is a soap opera western like Yellowstone so wildly successful? The American West with Dan Flores is the latest show from the Meat Eater Podcast Network. So join me starting Tuesday, May 6th, where we'll delve into stories of the West and come to understand how it helps inform the ways in which we experience the region today. Listen to the American West with Dan Flores on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes Indeed. He's back. Ladies and gentlemen. Ricky Smiling. Hey. Hey Rick. Hey. Hey. Thank y'all for having me on your own show, Ricky. Huh? Don't you got your own show? Yeah, I got 'em early. Prerecorded The prank phone call. So lemme slide on over here. Be with My folks man. Ricky, I will laugh so much. Watching your special man. I was telling him that this morning. You saw it? What you mean I saw it? Okay. Yeah. Alright. I knew you was gonna be with it, man. I laughed. So hawkey, you know why? 'cause it felt warm. Right. You know what I'm saying?


Regardless of what you said that people might be offended by, it just felt like it was coming from a good place. Yeah. That'll Be all right. That's a problem, man. The comedy is just, everybody is too sensitive right now. Yep. We need to get back to the nineties when comedians did what they did. Eddie Murphy Raw is still funny. Yep. Yeah. I don't get offended at nothing. Eddie Murphy Delirious is funny. All Fox, Jamie Fox, Martin Lawrence, those specialists are Mark Curry. All of those specialists are still funny, man. We just in a cancel culture. Yeah. And on this one I Just say, what the hell I wanna say. Yeah. And just have fun with the audience. The audience that came out to see you. They said, we want you. And that's what I gave em. I, I wouldn't want, I wouldn't want a young kid to watch Eddie Murphy raw delirium, especially a young member of the LGBT LGBTQ community.


Not now. You gotta ease into that one now. You can't Just say, yeah, you can't just turn that one on now. But that is that why it took you 10 years to do another special. No, man, you know what happened? I got in the radio, got into raising the kids. I was still performing on the weekend. You just have to give yourself some space, give yourself a cushion to have a balanced life. You know, do radio, do you know, do shows or whatever. But then push the kids on the swing set and just have some fun and enjoy life and sit on the beach a couple of, a few weekends instead of three shows on a Saturday, two shows on a Friday. And it ain't the shows, it's the in between shows. Just, you know, the two hours, the two and a half to three hour wait Yeah.


For you to go back on stage in between shows, sitting in a room with comedians and we run out of things to talk about and your voice gone. And, and it just, that, that was kind of, I just needed, I just needed a cushion. So I, I didn't put pressure on myself to do another one. I just kept performing. And David Talbert. Yeah. Yeah. And Land Talbert. It was like, Hey man, you need to do another special, you haven't done one in, in years. I said, okay. We put it off and we was on a boat swimming with sharks. He said, man, excuse my life. He said, I wanna put some cinema on your said like that you curse. Yeah. Oh, I, he said, he said, I'm gonna put some cinema on your shit. I said, okay. He said, when you look at Eddie Murphy raw, Eddie Murphy delirious, he said, I wanna shoot your, you know, he said, you haven't been presented the right way.


You did comedy specials on Comedy Central and on all these other shows. He said, but man, we got to, we got to do you Right. So I was like, cool. And we did it. We shot it, did three shows and it was fun. I had a good time. If I had one critique, I just felt like I, I don't know, just kind of felt like I had something to prove And I think I should have just took a deep breath and just relaxed a little bit. When I go back and look at, you know, you your own worst critic. Right. You hear yourself on the radio, you gonna turn the station you ain't gonna set up. Absolutely. And listen to it. I can't stand and listen to myself prove to Who, what you gotta prove to. I I you just feel like you just had something to, to prove. Like, you coming out like, like night nigga calm down. Right. Like it was like a walk in a puff. It was like an uncle at a cookout like you.


Right. That's what I was gonna ask you. Did you write anything? It just seemed like you just had it and it was just, it was there. Like Yeah, Just, I had been working on some of that material for, for for years. Hmm. And it was just sharp. It was developed. I had did it in Comedy club. I had Rita, Brent, comedian, special K, big Hun, LaVar Walker. Yeah. You know, you know, helping me out or whatever. Giving me, you know, punching up the stuff, making it funny and performing it. Yeah. You know, so when you perform the stuff, you know, just when we did shows together, you know how many times I'll, I'll pull y'all to the side and say, Hey look, you make a mistake right here, do this right here and then flip that. Do that right there. I wish I could coach comedy now that's Oh, I Wish that you can, you definitely need some comedy coaches.


I, I would tell her I was on beat Simone ass one night. Yeah. I said, why did you do that? I bought her to the dressing room. I said, you need to do this like this. She said, for real? She said, I just really appreciate you even taking the time. Are They receptive though? Comedians? She was, well, I'm sorry Emini here. I'm sorry. Yeah, but she was, 'cause she did exactly what he, 'cause we were all on tour. We was on the Same show. Exactly what he told her too. And she got a bigger response. Sure did. Yeah. And man, every, when she came off stage, man, we jumping and hugging. Everybody was like, well, what's going on? I said, we had made a, a critique. And I said, Hey, you should do this like this or whatever thing with the cell phone had everybody light it up. I said, don't cut that off. You gotta keep that moment you got the bill off of that and then boom, boom, boom.


And she did it the very next night in Houston. And we was just going crazy about it because, you know, I take the time to coach them. I pull just to the side and say, Hey, let's do this like this. Or what do you think? Or do you think this would work better? I'm trying to tell him what to do. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. But that's, that's our job because we was coach. You know, you couldn't make no mistakes. Steve, did I ever tell you that story? No. Uhuh man. I was dressed like LL Cool J one night on the show with Steve Harvey. Oh yeah, you did man. Yeah. He put your suit on. Yeah. And damn right man. You have to, you have to, you have to respect if somebody put, think enough of you to pull you to the side because most people not gonna say nothing. Yeah. Can you coach people when they not funny?


Yeah. Hey, hey, just don't, don't go back on U is high right now. Now you can write jokes, you can write funny, but they have to know how to perform it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Or whatever. Or you just have to find that, find that whatever that niche is and build from there or whatever. Yeah. So Is it okay for comedians to have writers? Yeah. Okay. So because you know, some people are like, now I write my own jokes. I do my own stuff. Like you see that so much. But now's today rappers got writers. Now they help with certain things. Is that okay? Or is it one of those things like, I wanna write Stuff. Yeah, you give them your concept. You say, sometime I have a punchline. I say, here's a punchline. I tell you what I, I tell you another story. Ter, the entertainer wrote Lil Darrel.


No, now that I didn't know. Wow. That's a true story. Wow. Now you know, you know the hotel in Atlanta when you get off on 14th Street by Georgia Tech. That, that, that, that, that Marriott right there next to the Four Seasons. Okay. Right there on 14th Street. We were staying at the hotel. 'cause we opened up Uptown Comedy Club that was behind Houston's where we was doing the very opening, the opening weekend. And I said, say it, I got this, this joke about this kid saying this Easter speech. And we was in a 79 Cutlers driving up Peachtree. He said, oh man. I said, what should I name it? He said, oh man, he was going through that. He said, Lil Darrel, he said Lil Darl. He said, yeah, he saying the Easter speech. And he said, my name Lil Darrel and Li said Entertainer pretty much helped me develop that entire joke.


Wow. That changed my entire career. I did that, that joke on comic view. And my career took off. Like they still talk about it. People weren't even born. Well I don't know if you was born when I did. No, but I know exactly I know it. Right. Yeah. Right. Say it, say it. Develop that joke for me. Wow. You're saying things in this special that people need to hear. For example, tell this brother Nv why he shouldn't die his bed. Yeah, yeah. Don't, don't die because don't that that just for men or whatever I got. It's just For That's exactly what he is. Just for men. I got a little dye in there, but I let the little gr seep out a little bit because women like that. Right? Yes. You a zady. Okay. Okay. B one a zady get envy.


We got to get off that van. We got to get off that van with them OGs with them gray beards with them suits on. That's right. Evvy. We gotta get off the van with them. I like my Little just men a little bit. I like my little Jess men. Let The little gray come on out. Mm. Women like that. I Got a couple, I got a couple, couple they Come. Yeah. Now I got the little gray coming out or whatever, but I took a eyeliner, the, the little mascara and kind of brushed over this part. Yeah. But, but whatever. But you gotta make sure you got a nice blend. Like I'm young, but the gray shows the wisdom. You know what I'm saying? You do that and you take your two honey packs and have 'em s ticking outta your pocket pack. Let let them know. Know you can still clap them cheeks. Still got it.


Clap them cheeks. This Song that that that shorty low hit too man. When you came out, man. Yeah. Why you wanted to use that song and called a special foolish? My producer, my morning show. We did a live broadcast somewhere and she said I was all over the place. 'cause you know, I go find winos and crack heads and put 'em on stage and let 'em sing and stuff. I let people, people get it out. Yes. You know what I'm saying? Like, I, I put 'em on, I I got a surprise for you later on. No, I got a surprise for you, my brother not No, I got a surprise. You, you are a good dude. I got something for you that's going bless your life. Oh, you too Jess. I got something for you. Oh God. Envy. You just stay with me. I, we here, we here we, we, we right here. I got something for y'all ass this morning. 'cause y'all comedian, this going to bless your life.


I ain't no comedian. Oh no, no. You, you, you got a whole lot of comedy. You and Donne Rollins. Y'all be cracking me up or whatever. Yeah, you got you in, you in the comedy family, so Yeah. You, you one of us. We need to pledge him. Yeah. Yeah. He Gonna get pledge later. I wanted to ask about butterflies. You still have butterflies when you, when you perform on stage? Hell Yeah. You do it So much, man. If you not about to, if you don't have a bubble in your, as you about to fart, like you run, you got yes passing gas, you know, just Yes. You ever, you ever farted like headed to the microphone. I'm talking About like to take a shit like right before, like 20 seconds before you gotta go on. You feel it right at the tip. You Be like, Damn, she's done that here. How about that? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.


Jess and Mike, Jess and Mike Epps don't care. They'll blow up anybody's bathroom. What? Mike Epps took a shit one time. Mike Epp, Mike Epps farted on the set of Friday after next and we had to stop taping. No. Damn That bad. Yeah, it was in, in the little house where we was doing the, the, the, the scene with the Christmas tree fight. Oh yeah. Mike Epps let one go that day. They said, we gotta take a break. Break. Damn. We, it wasn't, it wasn't, it wasn't enough spray. It wasn't, it was something in there. I don't know what Mike Epps ate but him and just, they don't care. They in done blow, they blow up bathrooms. IIII got sick. I was so nervous. Oh, Darnell, Rons low down ass.


Oh, I don't know if you did that show when, when the Martin Lawrence tour was in Atlanta. I don't know if you I think it was B Simone. Yeah. So COVID had just came out. Darnell Rolls goes on stage and man he started doing this stuff. He took the hand sanitizer on stage and, and, and you know, that's when COVID first started because two weeks after that they canceled all the shows. Yeah. Because Kobe had got dangerous and he had the hand sanitizer and he was pumping and skiing the hand sanitizer everywhere on stage. The freaking audience was going crazy. I'm on side stage. Yeah. Not realizing that I was next. Damn, I'm celebrating. He was like, yeah. Ah, my romance said, Hey Rick, you next you need to get your shit together because look what he doing man.


He did a 26,000 standing ovation or however many people that arena. 12,000, 20,000, whatever. The State Farm rent that. A full house standing Ovation. I don't believe Donna's ever got a stand ovation. No, no, we ain't gonna do that. Don't do that. We ain't, we ain't gonna do that. You gonna do that to That's my guy. That's our guy. We Talking. He get mad though. Billy gets mad. He didn't have a standing ovation. Oh. You should have been there. I don funny As you. Yeah. Tell Benji Brown to send you the video. Benji Brown got it on tape. Shout out to Ben Brown. Yeah. Shout out to Benjamin Brown. So I was Nick, so I have a playbook, Charlamagne. So I have Acts one through nine.


So it's not different jokes, but it's the order that I do the jokes depend on what happens before I go on stage. You know what I'm saying? I watch Nick Saban speech before I perform. Oh. From, Okay. You watching Nick Saban or a Coach Prime speech. You can, you can transform that into comedy in order to get motivated. Yeah. I I'm not lying, man. Football. So, so what does Nick Saban or Prime said that you actually stuck some mind that you remember? That you go out there and you, It's like he always talk about winning and being your best and just, it just builds you up to where you need to be to do whatever it is that you need to do. Even though we not playing football. So here Darnell, Ron's on stage and you got all of the bloggers on the first two rows. All the celebrities on the first two rows.


And if you have a bad show in Atlanta, just you can kiss comedy period. Let's just kiss and say goodbye. Your career is, oh, you finna be in all the blogs that they walk out on you, you about to be in the blogs. And he got a standing ovation And I had to come with it And I went on stage And I put that work in and got a standing ovation behind him. And I Saw the blog I saw when they wrote about you getting a standing ovation in Atlanta. They ain't mentioned Don though. They did Charlamagne. Now you gonna have, now you gonna have him showing up at my show Standing up in Aisle and then he gonna be a Darnell Rod and Ricky Smile started Darnell Rods and Corey, Hey Darnell, Darnell, you know, you my boy.


I'm I'm I'm giving you props. Dang. Kick Charlemagne's ass not mine. Yeah. So, so, And I went backstage and, And I was throwing up and shitting. Mm damn. Yeah. Why? At the same thing because it was pressure. You can't get no standing ovation. Your career is over everything you work for, if you don't have a good show in Atlanta, Atlanta, You look at every show like that. Like you have to get that or no. Certain cities, No, that particular city in Darnell Rollins had did this COVID joke that up, that shock the crowd and it was so freaking funny. I don't even think he wrote them Because COVID Was fresh and it was was fresh. So we was like Right. Just Yeah.


Tipping like That. And he did the joke off the top of his head. Mm. And he was just improv. And that wasn't no written joke because you can't, the joke was not developed so Right. Because COVID had just came out. So it is fresh. So he, off the top of his head, he ripping, I'm seeing drug dealers, nigga niggas with necklaces on, falling all on the floor, crying, people getting up, slapping each other. You ain't seen that in Def Jam? That's crazy. Not that kinda land Slapping each other. Know black People gotta be Shit. Yeah. She's Doing too much. Yeah. Did, Did doing the special in Birmingham make you too comfortable? Nah. Okay. Nah, because I didn't even realize where I was. You know, you know you in Birmingham, but you play to the cameras.


I play to a national audience. Like y'all sit here and do this show. Yeah. You see 120 fifth Street, but you also see Highway two 80 on Birmingham and 95 in Miami. That's right. When you on radio, you, you see Baltimore, you see, see, see people driving on, on, on the, the toll way three. Absolutely. So yeah, you, you playing to the cameras, you got, you feel like you got something to prove because you haven't done one in a while. So, and then we took about 40 minutes off of it. I produced it. I Saw you say at the beginning you was like, I'm about to be up here for two hours. Huh. At the beginning of the special, you was like, I'm gonna be, I'm I'm gonna be up here for two hours. I got it all out. Yeah. You know, you be trying to save jokes for the road.


Yeah, man. I was like the hell of that out. I'll figure that other part out. Let me just give it all. So I laid it all on the table. But that Editing process gotta be stressful, man. To cut it down to an hour. Yeah. You cut a whole hour. Yeah. It was a lot of stuff in there. A lot of good stuff. I could take the leftover stuff that I didn't use and do a whole nother 30 minutes special. Yeah. I could, Would you do that? That'd Be dope. I, well, what we'll probably do is just take some, I'll get some advice from y'all because y'all good with stuff like that. I'll probably take some of those clips and lick 'em on the internet or whatever. But I own the license and, And I, I taped it And I walked it over to Hulu. Kevin Hart was, you know, negotiating with him. Nice. And then Netflix said, we like it.


We'll give you a date for 2026. Because they already have comedians lined up. Comedians lined up and Hulu said, we'll take it now. And then I thought that was cool because Bill Byr and then Roy Wood Jr. Did theirs. You know, Roy Wood And I, we come from the same station we come from both come from Birmingham. And I was like, well that, that's a nice bit. They doing comedy now. So they took it and, and here we are. What's Success To you when it comes to that type of special or just getting it out? Is that just Making sure that it's special? That's the thing. They call them specials, but the question becomes, you want it to be special. You want it to be one that you and your mom going to pull out on Thanksgiving, like, like this special right here.


I believe that they're gonna pull it out every Thanksgiving and every Christmas. We're gonna sit down and watch the, not a lot of cussing, maybe one or two cuss words. You can watch it with your kids. They can get by that one or two cuss words that I use. And, you know, every Thanksgiving and Christmas, that's gonna be something that people will watch. Just like they watched Little Darryl. And the how you do that there with the basic good guitar Charlemagne, I had that in there. We had to edit it out because I couldn't get 10%. So whoever owned 10% of that song, we could not find them to pay 'em. Wow. Oh wow. Or whatever. But the Thanksgiving and the Christmas part of it is my favorite. Tommy Davidson FaceTimed me yesterday, still laughing at one joke about the midget and it just wiped him out.


He went from Yo Yes, We was at the improv in Hollywood. Tommy Davidson went from table to table repeating his joke while it was still showing on the screen. He wouldn't sit his ass down. And he was going from table to table, just repeating that joke. And I just sat back Salute Tommy that it's a lot of funny shit today. I I like what you, she called herself trying pussy. That is so true. Yo, that's every art, every uncle. Yeah. And I Black mamas don't play that. No, don't White people say, Oh my god, my my daughter's gay. Them black mamas Where Brianna, She might not calling herself liking pussy.


That's some holiday shit though. So that's when you find out about that type of shit and, And all people messy because nobody ask you, we ask, where is Brianna? Why did she have to say that? Why can't she Just say she's in the back room back there And here's something that hauling herself Like it. Yo. Yeah. Now that was the moment they hit the floor. Yes. That shit was funny, man. I wanted to ask you something about Hulu. Do you think the screaming platforms are changing the landscape of standup comedians? Yeah. I don't, I don't know a lot about it. I'm, I'm still learning as I go because my, you know, my agent, they have to kind of sit me down and explain to me how this stuff work because you thinking you shoot a, a special, okay, let's run it over to BET because that's what I'm used to.


That's what I always done. I always done my comedy specials on BET. Shout out to BET for giving me my start.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Boze premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is the key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Amy Robach and TJ Holmes Here, Diddy's former protege television personality, platinum selling artist Danity King alum Aubrey O'Day joins us to provide a unique perspective on the trial that has captivated the attention of the nation. Aubrey O'Day is sitting next to us. Here you are. As we sit here, right up the street from where the trial is taking place. Some people saw that you were going to be in New York and they immediately started jumping to conclusions. So can you clear that up? First of all, are you here to testify in the Diddy Trap? Aubrey will offer her opinions and expertise based on her firsthand knowledge from her days on making the band as she emerged as the breakout star. The truth of the situation would be opposite of the glitz and glamor.


It wasn't all bad, but I don't know that any of the good was real. I went through things there. Listen to Amy and TJ Presents Aubrey O'Day covering the Diddy trial on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Andrea Gunning, host of the podcast, betrayal Police. Lieutenant Joel Kern used his badge to fool everyone, most of all. His wife Caroline, He texted, I've ruined our lives. You're going to want to divorce me. Caroline's husband was living another life behind the scenes. He betrayed his oath to his family and to his community. She said, you left bruises, pulled her hair, that type of thing. No. How far would Joel go to cover up what he'd done? You're unable to keep track of all your lies and quite frankly, I question how many other women may bring forward allegations in the future. This season of betrayal investigates one officer's decades of deception lies that left those closest to him questioning everything they thought they knew. Listen to Betrayal on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm excited about doing the comic view reunion. Nice. NLA with Chris Spencer who did not show up to my premiere. I talked him him on the phone all day and my friend brother, where was he? Buddy Lewis riding around LA at my, oh, because he was at St. Martin with me this weekend. The last week. Yeah. His ass was in LA talking about him and Buddy Lewis riding around Lenny love came Yeah. Shade on Christmas. He, you know, he is the mayor of la Absolutely much respect. I'm just throwing shade at him because he's like my brother And I, I never do anything without talking to Chris Spencer. He, I get on his nerves, he get on my nerves. But if I have an idea about doing something, I never made a move without picking up the phone, calling Chris Spencer.


Why? Why Chris? He just gives you a good direction. He just a good dude man. He just a good dude, man. He ain't gonna screw you over. He ain't gonna talk about you behind your back. He gonna always give you the best advice, man. And, and he's genuine then he ain't gonna be on the phone with you all day. He gonna say what he gotta say, get his ass off the phone. And, and that's, I just really respect him And I respect how other comedians And I respect him on stage. Yeah. You know, Chris is as funny as hell, but he didn't show up to my, my thing. You know how like when your dad is operating, exercising his visitation rights and you are on the porch and you care about, you know, all your cousins that y'all having the family reunion, but your, your dad didn't come. And then that, that music come on was, I was standing in front of the Hollywood improv And I hope when y'all shoot y'all do a split screen with Chris Spencer and Oh, they can do it.


It was hurtful. Just that thing. I, I bring it up to therapy, but I got something for y'all. Do you ever, oh God. You got, so you get me nervous. Do you ever feel Like you have to reinvent yourself with a new generation? I did. I did at one point, but I, I stopped doing it. I just started feeling like I have a fan base, I have audience that love me. Yes. And love what I do. And y'all don't ever forget this. Stick to what you do. You don't have to fit in with certain crowds and certain cultures and certain organizations. You don't have to fit in. Do what you do. Why do the people, why do people come to see you? I don't care who's funny and how funny they are. You might not be as funny, do you?


You know, God got you brought you here for a reason. God like these last two years have been the toughest two years of my life. I wrote my son's name and birthdate on the wrist of my arm before I went on stage because my son was a comedian, you know, and my son is on the special. So after I say goodnight or whatever in the credits rolling and you can see a clip Yep. Of me and my me and Brandon on stage. Yeah. And Brandon's standing there performing, he, you know, it shows about five minutes of his performance, you know, split screen with the credits on the other side. So what a great way to Yeah. To honor your son. That's dope. You know, with, with us on stage together, like we was, I had him on stage when he was seven years old, telling jokes and stuff. I would take him on tour, have toys in the dressing room or whatever.


I raised all my kids in the, they could tell you what every dressing room looked like. Yeah. So it was a, a blessing to do that. Yeah. And you always spoke about feeling, feeling Brandon's presence during performances. So, so how does that spiritual connection manifest on stage for you? Yeah. It, it, it almost like you doing it for him. You know, you know, you doing it for your son now my son or whatever, he had his favorite comedians, you know, you know your, you know, your kids always wanna grow up, try to be different from you. I don't want to be like you. My son loved Eddie Griffin. My son loved Roy Wood Jr. And stuff. And you know, he just had the different comedians that he liked or whatever, you know. So he had a whole different style of doing comedy.


His comedy was more, you know, kind of like thoughtful, a mix between Roy Wood Jr. And LilRel. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? That was, that was his whole style. He had a lot more, he was a lot more intelligent on space. So he didn't know A lot of the older comedians. He just, Yeah. Yeah. He knew him, gave his picks, but he just had his, had his own style Gotcha. You know, of, of performing whatever. I enjoyed him And I, I miss him. But these last two years was really, really tough. And now I'm at home being a dad. Two, you gotta beat my twins. I do. Yeah. They a lot of fun. And I, I got some real daddies girls and God just, that was a blessing to my life. And I, I thank God gave me those twins as a distraction to my grief because I felt like I was dying.


Mm. I felt like I was dying inside. Yeah. I feel like, I feel like one of these mornings I was not gonna wake up. Wow. That's how bad it is. That's how heartful you have a beautiful family. Thank you. Your your babies man. And I, I don't wish that on nobody. Yeah. I don't wish that on my worst enemy. It's horrible. You know? So shout out to all the mothers, all the parents out there that had to bury your child and lost a child. Keep your kids in sports. Keep them in athletics. The discipline and the structure matter. We got to learn to give kids more of what we had as opposed to what we did not have. Right. That's what's ruining kids. If you like who you are, then give the kids what you had. You know what I'm saying?


And I just wish everybody the best And I hope all of y'all kids are safe graduate college. Absolutely. And go on to be productive people because I agree with all of that. But I will say some of these kids need a little bit more than going to the water fountain if you dealing with some issues. So you really dealing Yeah. If you dealing with some type of like mental health issues or emotional issues, you need more than the water fountain. Ricky. Yeah. Yeah. They didn't have medicine for a DH adhd. Oh hell No. When we was growing up it was going to the water fountain, you know what I'm saying? Send me in a classroom with those lights like that going all the way across or whatever. Just back before you started exchanging classes, you was in one.


You remember that element? School Being in one class? I don't even know if they got that. No, I keep wondering, do they still got the trailers in the back? Nope. Hey, stop. The trailers stopped. What Charmagne was one of those classes? This was in the failed standardized. He for second for a second had, he was in there, he was on that show bus too for a second too. Because I don't know if they still got the short bus. Dude, they, I don't even see 'em no more. No, they put 'em on the bus with the regular kids. And now, And I know back then they, they go to lunch at nine 30. Yeah. They used eat before everybody. Yeah. They go to lunch at nine 30 'cause they get out at 12 mm. And I, I, I had history class first period And I could hear, hear them running down the street Emini here. Not down the street. Running down the hall. Yeah. At nine 30 when that little nine there'd be a short bell. Like dream, dream or whatever.


Not a long bell. What you mean? You could hear 'em like bring bra. You could hear 'em because of the, the the, it was like clicking the noises, the the, you know, back then they wore the shoes with the, you know, with the steel on the side or whatever. Not all of 'em. Not all of 'em. Some of, and some of 'em were run real fast or whatever And I would sit there and just crack the hell up. What Do used to sound like, Boy? Lunch, lunch, lunch, lunch. Running down the hall or whatever. You gonna hell Rich smile you going, hell you going, you gonna go. But, but we want, We wanna bring love back. Yeah. It's, we going together on the show book. It's yeah. We All, we all going to hell. That's fine. And it's, it's, it is time for us to bring and, and just, I bought you a gift.


Mm. Man. Where is the gifts at Ricky? Wait sir, just come here. That was behind the couch. I, I bought this. Oh, You Got the music ready? Here you go. Hit the music. Music break. You good. There you go. Y'all are crazy. Y'all crazy. Give him a little dance. Little bit. What? Hey, do it move out the way.


Go ahead Chris. Wow. You know Jeff Love Chris now? Yes. His name Chris. Chris Don't give up too much Chris. Don't let up. You ask for consent first now. Hey it is going down. Let's go. Hey, hey Chris. I wish I had some ones. I don know Charlamagne next. Charlamagne You next? Yes. Go get him nigga. Oh, y he said I don't do niggas. I don't. I don, I don't do. Oh man. I know that's right. Thank Chris. Hey, I thought she was gonna propose dance first.


He said I dance first. Oh, okay. Chris, my guy. Oh you gotta Get him. Ain't nothing wrong with him. Ain't nothing wrong with him. Y'all didn't mess up his Check. Chris, make sure he pay you now. He paid you. Come On talking to Mike. He can talk. Come On Chris. He can talk. Here go. What's up? Ricky said he could talk. Yeah, he go Chris. Chris did he pay you? I hope he gave you a down payment now. Before you got up here Chris. Yeah, I gotta talk now. You gotta be shocked. Come on keyboard. Calling this man. Yeah. Now who is that?


I know you, I know you was Sowell. Huh? I know you Sowell. Yes sir. That's Charlemagne. I know. Oh you know who Ricky And you know who that is. You Know who Female rapper? Yeah Rapper. That's That's just hilarious. I know. Alright. He said I know. Nice. Alright. Do you know him Yo Anno? Who that is? Dj? I'm my but right there, that's My dj, that's my buddy. Oh that his but right. There's my, he ain't say that Chris don't get down like that. He Watch y'all. He watch all every day. Appreciate you. Yeah. So we had to give you a look. You know, have the sate.


Thank you so much. Thank you. Appreciate you Chris. Yeah. Chris, we appreci Make sure you pay you man. What? Hold on. How quick? Yeah, I might say I'ma get a song from my brother. Right. You got a song? Yeah. What is it from? My brother sang It. You can do karaoke Hit that country grandma one time. So the name of the song, Ricky ain't never played this song on the radio. You ain't never asked Ricky to play it. Yeah, he ask you do what I'm asking you. I heart to play my shit. Lemme hear it man. See I knew it was gonna make your day. I knew it was gonna make your day. My man Chris can you ask him About he asked him about you last time. That's why I bought you up here.


I Know. Yeah. Ain't on him. My Guy Chris. I like your shirt. I love it. I like your shirt too. How long it take to play a record? We gotta find it man. So look did you write it or just off the top of the head? Freestyle My Okay. Look, tell I want you right here. Yes sir. Okay, come My little brother gone Rest in peace. Yeah. Look, lemme tell you all now. I'm gonna do it now. My brother me, I raised together little little ways. Little baby white little baby. You this I little brother. I got something for you though. I so for you.


You gone, you gone little brother. Hell he said to me. What you Say? Say Big brother Chris My favorite. I love you. You my gone my song. What up? I wanna do something for him. Well you know what you if if they can't find a song you can just sing something. Sing it to all the ladies. You gotta sing that song because it sad. You gotta sing something. I got a good song for my brother people. He Okay. We find, we gonna find how many girlfriends you got Chris? Yeah, I'm Got one right now. Just one right now. She That good. Oh. He talking about this girl named Kiki. She got with somebody else though. Hey Dang. How many you had before? Everybody called everybody on Instagram. Look, look, look, look, look. Say say the question one my friend TikTok.


Yes sir. What was her name is? What's her Name? Nina. Nina. Oh Nina, you Think shit Talk. I don't know if you should be shouting her out yet though. She might have another man. Nah. You Sure? Nah matter. I'm my love. You Met, you met her yet you hit it. Stop. You hit it. Stop it. You went down on it. Well you sit there too. Stop. What you mean be crazy? Yes sir. I turn this off. Yes Sir. Real quick. And I wear back. Yeah. And I wear back one my families. He did that.


Yeah. And I wear back Come Club Star do. He did it to me. Mm. Yeah. I star do my families. Yes. Star Got talk shout talk Star. Do star Don Ain't no joke. No, no, no, no, no. TikTok. Yeah. You should host a show there. You should have your own comedians going on the road and you should host shows Star Top It be all over the country. You sell out. Keep talking about Star top. That's the only thing you understand. I gotta get back there. I no White girl name. We found it now. A white girl. Oh white girl name N yeah. Don't do the Crazy.


Her out quit Black Queens forever. Snow bunnies never. I about to smack you. Her her out quit. I   he this   Big Chris bad. Love you man. I love you girl. Let's go Big. Chris ain't playing. You found a record Chris laying it down quite flat. Is he? You hear me? Lay that game, that song. Alright Chris, we got you. I love you. Help miss you.


And this is you on Rabbit. Yeah, my Know About Come Daddy All Yeah. I love you. You got a video too? Stand up Chris. Up Make love. You gonna miss you. My eyes. You miss you. You, you never heard. Say say never Miss you. Miss you ain Never love you Ain love you.


Let's go Miss You to. So now Get him Chris. Get him Chris. Chris. Hey. Get him Chris. Get him Chris. Get him. Get him. Chris, him. Get him. Get him Chris. Get him GAG Say it, Say it. Say going.


Keep going. Turn. Hey, there you have it ladies and gentlemen. Big Chris Ricky Smiley. The new special foolish is streaming now the star of the show. Big Chris, I love you Ricky. Tell him where to follow you on social media, Chris. Yeah, I got It. Okay. Okay. Chris, I know how to do this to help him.


I said find me H Ground YouTube tour. Describe me. YouTube. Big Chris. Big Chris, milk baby. Big Chris, Big Chris Smith, Big Chris Smith, Big Chris. Thank y'all brother. Watch. Absolutely. Ricky Smile Big Chris, thank you. It's The Breakfast Club. Hold on, hold on one more time real Quick. Yes sir. Yes. My live real quick hold Telling long ass stories. Now start. You gotta go. Go ahead Chris. Do your thing. Go ahead, do your thing Chris. Come on. Hurry up. You gotta go stop. You don't want to eat don't you CB Okay. That's right Chris, back. Tell your story Chris. He know what The hell going on. Look trying is back in the day, me and my brother and now I'm tell him about I meet him.


Yeah. And I meet him. He daddy, I'm, I send out Smith. I I'm gonna turn. I no, I'm my favorite because I go song Got this about song. Yeah. That Sir. Yeah. My my, my main life, my my main favorite man. Good ass man. Yeah, That's right. You grown ass man. That's right. Let leave It at Grown. We gotta Go Is them song is that song on streaming services? It's on Apple YouTube right now. YouTube. Go download it on YouTube right now. There you don't download on YouTube right now. Go listen.


Go listen. There you go. Absolutely hate. Absolutely. Absolutely. I hate my God. Chris, thank you Big Chris. You, you, you real messy Chris. It's The Breakfast Club. Never come back when you are here. Shut up lying. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


If you are not watching BMF on Stars, you are seriously missing out from executive producer Curtis 50 cent Jackson. The new season is coming and Meech and Terry are leveling up. They're expanding their empire, launching a music label and even hitting the 1995 source awards. Oh, and did I mention Lamar is back. BMF is where drama hustle and hip hop collide. The drama top tier, the stakes higher than ever. This is the season everyone's going to be talking about. Don't miss the season premiere June 6th only on Stars and The Stars app.


We went from normal life healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia or B cell a LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. Shortly after that I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. To have hope is to have your child healthy. And we have that because of St. Jude. You can help kids fight childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in Hope today by visiting music gives.org.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes. But there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no. This is absolute season one taser Incorporated. I get right back there and It's bad. Listen to absolute season one taser incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Why is a soap opera western like Yellowstone so wildly successful? The American West with Dan Flores is the latest show from the Meat Eater Podcast Network. So join me starting Tuesday, May 6th, where we'll delve into stories of the West and come to understand how it helps inform the ways in which we experience the region today. Listen to the American West with Dan Flores on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.