
Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Most deals are barely worth mentioning, but then there's at t's best deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. You can get it on them when you trade in your eligible smartphone any year, any condition. It's a deal. So good, you'll be shouting from the rooftops. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on. At and t. At and t connecting Changes everything requires Trade-in of Galaxy, S note or Z Series, smartphone Limited Time offer 256 gigabytes for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply Z att.com/ Samsung or visit an at t store for details.


Kay hasn't heard from her sister in seven years. I Have a proposal for you. Come up here and document my project. All you need to do is record everything like you always do. What was that? That was live audio of a Woman's Nightmare. Can Kay trust her sister or his history repeating itself? There's nothing dangerous about what you're doing, They're just dreams. Dream Sequence is a new horror thriller from Blumhouse Television, iHeartRadio and Realm. Listen to Dream sequence on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Meet the real woman behind the tabloid headlines in a personal podcast that delves into the life of the notorious Tori spelling as she takes us through the ups and downs of her. Sometimes glamorous, sometimes chaotic life and marriage. I just filed for divorce. Whoa. I said the words that I've said like in my head for like 16 years. Wild. Listen to misspelling on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Angie Martinez and on my podcast I like to talk to everyone from Hall of Fame athletes to iconic musicians about getting real on some of the complications and challenges of real life. I had the best dad, And I had the best memories and the greatest experience. And that's all I want for my kids. As long as they can have that. Listen to Angie Martinez, IRL on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake That ass up In the morning. The. Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Now Jess is on maternity leave, so Lauren LaRosa is holding it down with us and we got some special guests in the building. New film Deliverance is on Netflix, August 30th. Ladies and gentlemen, we have Lee, Daniels and Andra Day. Welcome. Andra Lee Andra. You working? Andra? Yeah. And. I. And. I. Appreciate I said Andra. Andra Day. Andrew, You work Ira or Andra? I know some people do say Andra. Some people say it, but Its and Not fucked up for that. You Literally call me by my characters name. I call you by your characters, But you just say an you always get it right. Right. Okay. You actually always get right. Oh, you, you were seriously just asking her.


Yeah. 'cause sometimes I get it. Oh, he he be, he does. Okay. He does. He has never said it. He's never said. I'm always, because I'm always in her character name. Got you. When she's working. Yeah. But I am always either Billy or Ebony. How are y'all feeling first and foremost? How y'all feeling? Good. I think good. Yeah. Really good. Yeah. I feel good. I'm always good when I'm with her. Yeah. We chilling. When did y'all develop this chemistry? Because it, its clearly can't be just something that's You know done when y'all are working. Like you must like No, we go together. Being on each Other. We going together. I told her, I was like, you stuck for life. Right. We didn't, I didn't want her for, I didn't want to to meet her for Billy. 'cause she hadn't acted before. Yeah, I really didn't. You know. And then she didn't want to do Billy. I hadn't acted before And then I met her.


Yeah, Talk to the mic. Put your lips on the mic. Then I met her and then I fell in love with her. And then we just sort of like, we, we, it became kismet. And then you see what that chemistry is like. You always see what the chemistry is like what it is on screen. And what she was was what Billy was, was the love we have for each other. Yeah. Yeah. Same. It was, we had, I didn't wanna do it either because I was just You know, scared to act and, 'cause I had never done it before. And, I do respect the craft. But I was like, well, let me just meet with him. 'cause You know at the end of the day, he's a great person to meet. Like he's a legend and maybe he wants music for the movie, something like that. You know. And we did. We literally just fell in love. And I also that day fell in, I love Billie Holiday. Like that's where the day in my name comes from.


And so I saw in him, he was a huge fan of Lady Sings the Blues. And, but he had discovered newly her story how she was fighting against racial terror in America, singing strange fruit. Like to the detriment of her You know her life was in danger. And so he really wanted to tell that story vindicate her legacy. And that was just like, wow, that's amazing. And then I You know, you don't often meet people who believe in you sometimes even more than you believe in yourself. And that is, that's how Lee has been in my life. So at this point it went from like, okay, I don't know how to just like, I trust him and when it comes to anything, so yeah. Lee Lee as a director, do you have like actors or an actresses that are like a muse for you?


Like sort of like when a painter finds a favorite color, a favorite hue, they use it in all their art. Yeah. Any, yes. Monique is one of them. Nicole Kitman is one of them. Glen Close now is one of them. Andrew is certainly one of them. There're a group of people that I Taraji p Henson. There's a group of actors that you just know, that know I'm a nigga that know that I You know. I don't, I'm not politically correct when I'm talking. And You know I come from a specific generation that I don't You know. And, and, and that they, that they protect me by myself. Got, does that make any sense? I'm A 65-year-old man. Does And I don't know how to, I sometimes, I don't know the rules of today.


I don't want you to, I want you to be yourself. Sometimes He has want you to rules because there's, there's things that, that he could've said 20 years ago that would be fine that he can't say now. They would try to quote unquote cancel. But he's 65 You know how doesn't matter. You know how the people get. No. We know how our people get. I was saying earlier like, I love watching you in interviews. You don't do a lot of them though. Is that why? No, I don't. Okay. Because I, because I, I, I know that You know this, this, that new cancel culture The way Don't you be talking. I'm Like, like my right before I push send, I got social media I have to hire. What? Hell, you gotta hire a social media person now to tell you not to push. I literally have to hire a social media person because I'll say the wrong word and go, no The Fuck.


And then You know how. Go back and edit it. Yeah. It's really crazy. That's not how it started. And for you, what the hell song Was that? What song was that? I off, I don't even know what it Lemme tell y'all. He turned the whole phone off. He said just turn the whole thing off. Yeah. It could be porn. Anyway. Now, how was Monique doing? You mentioned Monique. How was she doing? She's great. You know what? And that made me take a look at this, that interview that you You know when She was up here called him. Leonard You know. It was fantastic getting back together with her. It was part of the reason that we did the film for me was I think we're in some dark time.


I'm always a step ahead of it. I think I'm a little psychic because I'm a little ahead of everything that's happened. And I. Remember when I did Empire, it was really to, because I was experiencing so much homophobia from the, from, from from my own people. It was hard enough to get movies made as a black man when I came into Hollywood. 'cause it was sort of pre Spike Lee and Post the Black Exploiter era Mm. Exploitation era. And, but the homophobia was really real. And I dealt with it with, with my own people. So anyway, I did, I did Empire and that You know, I didn't even know what I was doing.


I was just expressing my feelings. You know. And the same thing with, with this right here, this I feel we're in dark times. I, I know that we were in dark times. And for me it was about finding my higher power You know. And after I did the movie, there was a group of us that were summoned to, to Biden's. We were trying to figure out how to get him into office. 'cause black men weren't voting for him. And so it was Chris Rock and Sam Jackson. Yo, this is up there wasting y'all time trying to, he was, he was telling that man the truth that he needed to step this Table You. know what I mean? No, no, no. This is before we, We, in that meeting that he needed to step down. I was saying a year ago he needed to step. And that me What what made you think that?


Because I was, we've been saying for a long time and people were saying that we were, were not representing and this, that and the other. But we seen it and felt it A year ago. I was saying he should step down. Yeah. And I giving me hell for I was really, I was giving you help. I know. Then you walked, Then you walked in that meeting and you was like, what, what Did you say in that meeting? Like, oh, This is the president of the United States. Whoa. But he was, he would come back with very much like alertness. He was like, he would, he'd be like this. And we say, is he there? And then he'd come up and go, I've done more for Black people than any President of the United States of America. Dang. Including Obama. And he started listing off the facts and listing off the facts.


And like, I think Queen Latifah was like, well, you should tell people this. You should be out in the streets telling people this. 'cause black men need to understand this. And, and he said, I'm too busy trying to stop nuclear war. I'm glad you said go continue. I'm sorry. He, He said, I'm too busy trying to stop nuclear war to go out and promote myself and what I'm doing. 'cause I'm doing the work. And then I realized that in that moment how serious he was. 'cause he got, it got real somber in there. And I said, this is the reason why I'm doing my movie. Because it, we like this boom right now going bye. We better be able to find it. I don't care whether it's Allah for me, it's Jesus, it's Buddha who we need to find our higher power.


And that was the purpose of me trying to, to do this film right now. I said what I was saying about, I was talking about earlier this week, how there's so much casual conversation about nuclear war. Mm. And like, everybody's so focused and distracted about the nonsense. Like Donald Trump and Elon Musk had a call the other day and Donald Trump literally said on the call, we should be worried about nuclear warming because North Korea's crazy. China's crazy. Russia crazy. All I take is one maniac to push a button. Yeah. And we focused on all the nonsense that he said instead of like, no, listen to what he said just now. And to hear that Biden said that to you, that's crazy. Yeah. It was Terrifying. Yeah. It was terrifying. And so, 'cause we could be going tomorrow. And so for me it was really about, and that was part of Monique too. You know, part of the healing of it all. It's like You know who cares whether I don't care what I did.


I mean, I'm, I'm, I'm whatever it was that I upset you about, I upset you. I'm 65 years old. I don't want to, I wanna make sure that I'm good You know that, that this is as much I can spread as much love and do as much healing as I can. And that was part of the whole journey of, of, of this, of this film. Find My Life. What Is Ignorances about? Break Down what it's about for people that don't know you. You're good at it. You're really good at It. Go ahead. It's You know. Okay. So You know, where do I start with this? It's, it's really it. Well first of all, it's a story about this single mother, single black mother. And she's really, she's dealing with a, at the crux of it, there's spirit, like he said, trying to scare you to your higher power.


But there's also a lot of generational trauma. So it's this idea that she's trying to be the best mother that she can be. She's trying to pour into her kids with all the tools that she's been given, which is not much. But she has been given a lot of pain. And so her mother has now moved into the house with her. So she's kind of faced with that trauma daily. But her mother is also a product of trauma. So it's definitely talking. It's physically she is fighting demons. Right. The kids are actually possessed. And so you have that element, that horror element in there. But she's also battling her own personal demons. And, I love the metaphor that the demons that we don't deal with in ourselves, they will absolutely possess our kids in future generations and robes of our future. It's really, I You know, one of the things I say, and we've talked about the genre a lot because that's the que is it thriller?


Is it horror? Is it, I think that for people to think that this is solely a horror movie, they would be remiss to, to walk away from it based on just that there's, there's, it's a, it's a faith-based thriller. It's a family drama. It's a, it is a horror movie. So there's a lot of elements, but it's based on a true story. Ultimately it's based on the haunting of a house in Gary, Indiana, the Ammond haunting Latoya. Yeah. Latoya Amens. And but loosely based off of that, Lee really did a great job of just creating new characters and their own life. So I think there's a lot of lessons in it. There's a lot of healing in it. You know, there was a friend of mine actually, who went to one of the screenings, And I actually saw her in church that following weekend.


And I had asked her if she goes here. She said, no, I watched the movie and then I showed up here on Sunday. Wow. So I think there's a lot of healing and transformation, as he said, regardless of what your faith is. But You know, she's, she's a butting alcoholic. You know she's dealing with addiction. She's trying to cope in a bunch of ways. And she's trying to be better than the generation that came before her, which is What we're all trying to do. And, and, and so basically it's about, oh yeah, I think that, and then we think that she's abusing her kids. And so social services comes, the cops come, the principal come take the kids away and there's a, and then they see a little kid walking up upside down behind the wall.


So they realize that, but they still gotta take the kids 'cause the kids are being abused in the house. And so it's, she's fighting social services because they will not believe that she's not beating her kids. Right. And the demon in the house. It's about black women not being believed. And it's also about, it's also, it's also about finding she has to, she has to find her higher power to fight that demon. Yeah. That's in the house. And, I, like y'all talking about horror, right? 'cause it's not just the demons that are the horror, like you said, it's the generational abuse. It's the alcoholism, it's poverty, it's the addiction. Yes. Those are all horrors. Yes. Precious was a horror movie to me. Yes, absolutely.


I said that. African American horror. African American. I agree. I agree. Yes. It it, it was, some people say it was a comedy. No. I think to his Point, If, you are a daughter and you grew up in a household with a mom who is dealing with her own things. Absolutely. And doesn't know how to mother you through that. You watch something like prey, it make you be like, oh shoot. I remember that feeling. Like it does give that, like you felt that definitely pt I felt like that watching this like yes, For sure. That's definitely pt. How'd You not get traumatized? I You know. I don't know that I didn't get traumatized. No, no. I mean, I'm a praying person. I'm a person of faith. So I think that You know, even going into it, You know, there has to be like intention, right?


I think this, if this was just sort of exploiting You know black pain. If this was exploiting kind of the demonic real, I believe in the spirit realm, right? I'm a Christian, I'm a believer. So even initially, when he first brought it to me, initially it was a yes. Just because at this point I had just really, again, fallen in love with this person. I'm like, I trust him completely. I'm excited about everything he's doing. But my only hesitation was, oh, do I wanna do something that deals with that? Obviously, if you've come from any type of church background That's right. People can be very, very, they have their very strong opinions about why would You know? You Can't even watch horror movies. Yeah. Which is My mama was Jehova witness. Don't turn the evil spirits on my heart. Yeah, exactly. You know what I mean? So they You know, like you said, people feel like, oh, they can jump on you.


They can do, but I think we also have this misconception that we're never supposed to look into that world or talk about that world. But for me, the scriptures that I read, I'm like, it's all throughout it. And, I think what I loved about this and what I loved about Lee's goal is that he didn't wanna just kind of You know marinate in that area. He wanted to show a story of overcoming. And that's what she does. And so for me, it was really, it was praying, going into it. Like I, I, what I will say is that I, I had a hesitation just because of the, the, the subject matter. But I prayed about it. And, I was reminded in prayer that it's like If, you believe what you say you believe, then that means you have authority over these things. You know they are, they are under your foot.


And if you're going to be a light, then you have to go into dark places. And so I really love that represented in the movie. And so I think that's probably why we prayed a lot. You Know. I mean, I know that's the reason why you were, you were right for it. Because you were a believer. You really believed. And there's a scene in the film for those that have seen the film when she's fighting the devil, where she just breaks out in tongue. And the ad, my white ad was like, okay, so this isn't scripted. Let's do we cut, do we do whatever You know. And she's speaking in tongue and I'm like, this is God working. We are gonna let it, we going until she's tired. Oh, you really went into speaking in tongue like that. Oh wow. Okay. That was, that was her. And so and so that's, but I knew she was right for the role.


I mean, I knew that, that there was only one person that could play this role. And there was some, an actor that really believed, that believed. Is it true y'all had a preach on set every day, every day on purpose. Yeah. Every day. Are you kidding me? We were terrified. I mean, like, I didn't know my mother didn't want me to do this movie in the beginning. After Precious, I was offered this film. And I didn't wanna do it because I You know. I I felt like I was revisiting it already with a, a woman that was abusing her kids. But more importantly, I know how I work. And I demand the truth. I work from a place of like, I'm an open portal, right? For sure. I'm an open portal. And, and And I know what comes to me and what I give out. And I said, this is gonna, this is gonna land in my spirit. And so, and that's why I sat on it for such a long time, y'all, I didn't wanna do the movie after Precious And, I just realized it's not about the darkness.


It's really about finding your light and about finding a higher power. And Yeah. Where, so what do you do To, I'm like your piece because you, you you are with this material longer than anybody. Yeah. From beginning to End. My sister, I haven't talked about this yet, but my sister is in the scene who's done all my movies with me. Every one of my movies, she's in my movies. My sister was in the chemo scene with Glen. And the following day she was diagnosed with You. know this, this lung cancer. No, hear that. It was star. Wow. You got, you got something popped in your face. Remember that? Yeah, I remember that. Yeah. It Was the fire extinguish.


The fire extinguisher. The fire extinguisher. She's putting out a fire of demons. And then that's a thing that happened. My dog died. It was just everything that happened died. The Dog died. Yeah. Jesus. Yeah. It was, it was everything that you think. Ha And that's with praying practically before every scene. Now Netflix was like, when they, when we first busted out in prayer, Netflix was like, I'm sorry, but we're gonna have to call HR because You know And. I said, wait, huh? No, we can't pray. Well, You know. I go, okay, so I gotta make an announcement to 300 people. Those that don't want to pray steps. But please, we gotta let us pray. Let's pray. We gotta ask permission to pray now. You Gotta ask permission to pray.


It's a bit different where we come from. 'cause we're rooted in that, right? Yeah. But so a question for you with your, that's crazy with Leah. How is she right now? How is she doing now? It's not Leah. Oh, It's my sister. Oh. You know my sister Leah, who Doesn't know her. Oh wow. Wow. That's nice. She's she's beautiful. Yeah. That's my sister Leah Butler. I'm from Delaware, so Yeah. Leo Butler. Yeah. Oh yeah. Absolutely. Yeah. I'm from Delaware though. So y'all are like, we know you guys, like you guys went to Hollywood, you did all this stuff, so, wow. Familiar with the family? No, My sister Girly, who I, who I created Empire after. Gotcha. She was To the Mic Lee. To the mic. To The mic. My sister Girly, who I created Empire after Cookie, the character of Cookie. She was a drug dealer and, and sort of turned her life around and everything.


And she was, I'm really proud of her. She, she turned her life around and she works for me and locations. She does all that. She was just diagnosed during working for the film was devastating. Wow. Would you dive into another movie like this? 'cause it seems so dark and never again. I will never, because I don't do scary movies. But it just seems so dark and it's like a, it's hard to get out of. I started watching. I don't do scary movies. So when it starts getting a little crazy, I don't, I start hearing noises at night. I'm like that Wild. It's just the end. That's a little scary. I think that, I think that I, I don't think that I will do it again because it takes all, like you said, it's like all consuming.


They're gone. I'm in that edit room. Edit room. Yeah. I'm still hearing noises and everything. Right. So, and, and, and then also it's difficult to, it's a different type of a film for me to do. You You know it's a different, whole different experience because drama's like this boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. And I got that down. This experience is like, it's like a slow dance. You know you got, it's like a, it's a whole different sort of thing that you're doing. And, I don't. I just did it as an artist that just sort of grow. Gotcha. I love it though. I think you ended up really creating almost a sub genre of horror. Like, we've been talking about this a lot and that's why I say it's, it's not a typical horror movie. No. It's very different. It's very interesting. New Is it exactly. I I don't know what It's, it's like a soulful, dark thriller.


Like Yes. It's like it sit with you. That's a way, like, I wanna watch it with my mom and my grandma because we got some stuff we need to talk about, but at the same time, we might jump a little bit. Right. Yeah. And my, one of my questions for you, after seeing, seeing parts of it, I didn't watch the full thing, was when you, 'cause we're precious, the mom, the daughter had the issue. Now you see this here again from your life. Where does that come from? Or is that just something you think is something that needs to be addressed or is that something personal to you? It's just, yeah, it's all, all everything that you see is a part of my life. Everything is part of my life. It's personal. And what I do is I live my demons out through, through all of my work. So everything you see on screen has, is a part of what it is that I, my life experience.


The Glenn Close character, her character was written. She was black. So I tried to separate it. 'cause I, I really wanted to separate myself from Latoya. Amen. So I made this character white. 'cause I have so many mixed race friends. What is it like to be a black girl with a white mom? What is it? We all, we all know that black, we all know that white girl, white woman that only dates black men, that has black children. We've never seen her on screen before. Glenn Close plays that chick with the baby hair and the jewelry and cutoff shorts and the You know, to me that was a And I. I'm so proud that she was able to delve into that.


Yeah. Because that's a character that we've never, black people know her. I don't think white people, I don't think white critics will understand the film. White critics will never, it's going over their Head. Oh, Completely over. What is Glenn? What is what what is this? She's a g for for attempting to play this role. The, the beef between, well, two questions. What was the beef between Monique's character and the grandma? And did that relationship in the movie reflect what you and Monique was going through at the time? The, the beef between the grandmom. Oh, that was real. They caught that. Right. It was just that You know. You know. The grandmom knew that Monique was, was, was not right. And Monique didn't like the grandmom didn't care that the grandmom knew.


So it, it was that, it was that type of energy and no, that had nothing to do with me. What me and Monique was going through at all, going back to work with Monique was, was like being on a bike. And, and it was great man. It was just great. She, she's phenomenal. And what I loved about this right here in this right here is is that and Precious, she was the abuser in this. She's the social worker in Gucci and jewelry looking beautiful going after the abuser. Right. The conversation that you and Monique had. We saw the picture you posted when y'all were out to dinner. Y'all were reflecting, you said just now it was like riding a bike.


Like it's just something you naturally get to do after a while. Did I post that too? You posted that something Riding a bike? No, You Posted the picture. And I. Just you're riding the bike made me think about it. Because you said y'all were reflecting on y'all friendship. Yeah. Like what's the, what's the moments that you guys reflect on during this that help her not even help her? 'cause Monique is amazing on screen, but kind of like help the working relationship in real life. Like what are y'all reflecting on? Is it remember Precious? Is it like, what is that conversation like at that dinner? It, at that dinner we had already, it was just having fun. We were just eating and having fun that already Squashed our beef and problems. A long time ago we Had worked on the film and everything. At that dinner it was just like, can you believe this is over with?


This movie is over with You know. Here's the thing, Monique, we, not only did I wanna make sure that she was good, but I wanted to make sure that we worked again. And that she was paid well for what it was. Yeah. She, it was really important to me. Right. That she you better, that she felt You not pay her. Monique again, Now y'all can say laugh about it, right? But now you're hearing more and more artists talking about You know they're finally getting their value. They're finally getting their worth. What do you say to that? Because it You know she deserves it. Listen, but not just Monique, I, a lot of black actresses and actors have coming up here recently and been like, we are finally getting out justice. But Tyler Perry, because of Tyler Perry, they saying Tyler Perry, they're saying it's because of Tyler Perry.


Tyler Perry is paying. What are your thoughts on That? I think that, I think that I come from a generation of, and the last generation of just, we were just so happy to get in the door. I don't think you understand. Like we, they weren't


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more Intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


In a world where TikTok didn't exist yet. The comedy of a Mexicano cross borders the heart of America and his catch rates are part of our culture. But Sonoro, er Heart's Cultura podcast network present. I'm za from television debut at Listen to Nanda, Jeff Beto as part of Michael Tura podcast Network in the Applic, iHeartRadio, apple Podcasts, or wherever you stream podcasts.


Meet the real woman behind the tabloid headlines in a personal podcast that delves into the life of the notorious Tori Spelling as she takes us through the ups and downs of her. Sometimes glamorous, sometimes chaotic life and marriage. I don't think he knew how big it would be. How big the life I was given and live is. I think he was like, oh yeah, things come and go. But with me, it never came and went. Is she Donna Martin or a down and out divorcee? Is she living in Beverly Hills or a trailer park in a town where the lines are blurred? Tori is finally going to clear the air in the podcast misspelling. When a woman has nothing to lose, she has everything to gain. I just filed for divorce. Whoa. I said the words that I've said like in my head for like 16 years. Wild. Listen to misspelling on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I've been thinking about you. I want you back in my life. It's too late for that. I have a proposal for you. Come up here and document my project. All you need to do is record everything like you always do. One session, 24 hours BPM. 1 10, 1 20. She's terrified. Should we Wake her up? Absolutely not. What was that? You didn't figure it out. I think I need to hear You say it. That was Live Audio of a Woman's Nightmare. This machine is approved and everything you're allowed to be doing this. We passed the review board a year ago. We're not hurting people. There's nothing dangerous about what you're doing. They're just dreams. Dream Sequence is a new horror thriller from Blumhouse television, iHeartRadio and Realm. Listen to Dream sequence on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Angie Martinez. Check out my podcast where I talk to some of the biggest athletes, musicians, actors in The, World. We go beyond the headlines and the sound bites that have real conversations about real life, death, love, and everything in between. This life right here, just finding myself just, just relaxation this not feeling stressed, this not feeling press. This is what I'm most proud of. I'm, I'm proud of Mary because I've been through hell and some horrible things. That feeling that I had of inadequacy is gone. You gonna die being you. So you gotta constantly work on who you are to make sure that the stars aligned correctly. Life ain't easy and it's getting harder and harder. So If, you have a story to tell If. you come through some trials with you. You need to share it. 'cause you're gonna inspire someone. You're gonna, you are gonna give somebody the motivation to not give up, to not quit. Listen to Angie Martinez, IRL on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts


Doing black cinema. I was just lucky to, I was felt blessed to be able to tell stories like Monsters Ball. Are you kidding me? Like, are you kidding me? Like, they laughed me out of every studio in Hollywood when I came to them with Masters's Ball. Who wants to see a fat kid at the end? Die by a what? A no. With a mixed race. What? Like, they didn't wanna see that kind of stuff. So I had to go get drug money to develop this, this story. Y'all know my history. Y'all saw it up there with, with Damon Dash. I had to go into the streets to get my art done. Right? And, I didn't care about it at all. 'cause the art was going to live. And, I would do anything. I would fall in the, on the store for my art. Hollywood wasn't fucking with me at all. No studio. Every single solitary movie I've ever done has been independently financed.


The first time I stepped into a anything was was with Empire where I had to answer to the Stu Suits studio. I was like, what? I gotta answer to people. Okay. That was You know. That was the first time. Why Do you think the Street dudes understood you more than Hollywood at that time? Or was it one of those things they were like that they Just knew you special? Well, here's the thing, right? I can't really scream homophobia with black men all the way because You know Again, You know. That was where my support came from financially. Yeah. Because we they they see you for what you are, which is a creative genius. Creative genius. Yeah. You know, very real You know who, who can help them do greater things with their money. Yeah.


Like You know. I mean, what does sexuality got to do with that Question? Another question for you and for both of y'all. When the demon reveals, oh God, themselves, Back to you made a movie about demon. I know you can't wait till this press run over, right? When the demon reveals himself to Ebony in the car and then she gets out, she runs off. Is that symbol like symbolizing, like how You know there's things going on and then you kind of like ignore it. Like you can't ignore it? Or like, was it not even that deep and like, why is it It wasn't even that deep? It like, it was a slow, it was a slow, it was like onion, un onion opening.


Like this is coming. It's coming. It's coming. And again, You know I don't, again, I don't look at it as a, as a horrible You are so annoying because you said it's coming, it's coming. And then he's like six. He's like a stop. Should stop moving. I dunno, If, you seen them. Alright, Now back to the 21 and back to the grown folk table broke The it is You know, it's again, You know, I don't, again, it's a faith-based thriller. And, I think that the minute we start looking at heart, it's not a hard 'cause. If, you come in it. Netflix even wanted to, they wanted to jump scare every two seconds.


I said, that's not me. I don't know how to do it. I I'm, I, I am un I wanna examine the human condition. So it's a slow sort of burn into hell. It's uncomfortable, uncomfortable. You think you're watching Precious And I yank the rug from under you and you're really watching a thriller. Why, why do you think it's so hard for Ebony to do, right? Mm. Poor Ebony. I know A white woman called you. Can you imagine your white mother calling you Ebony? No. Naming you Ebony. We had, remember we talked about that? We were actually gonna put that as a line in the movie too. 'cause it was just like, what kind of white woman named her child Ebony? Like, she was just so excited to have black kids. But I think, I mean, listen, You know it's a really interesting question. Why is it hard for Ebony to do? Right? Why is it hard for any of us to do? Right? You know what I mean? Like, don't we all struggle with it to some degree, right?


You know. So I think that, like I said, You know, I don't know And I don't know that. She always thinks that she is doing wrong You know what I'm saying? So this is when you actually, when you just spoke about that scene where the demon kind of finally manifests in the car and she's running and she's paranoid. I think she's, again, we're dealing with a movie where, and this is often a, a, a thing in culture, right? Black women You know, we were talking about believing black women, black women are believed. But I thought about it the other day, And I was like, honestly, they're rarely even listened to You. know what I'm saying? So I think I hate when people are like, oh, black women are loud and dah, dah, dah. But also we have had to work to, to take our space and to make our voice heard and to actually get people to listen to not just our struggles, but our triumphs and our support.


You know, like I always remind people there would be no, I have a dream speech if it was not black women who actually organized and put that event together. So I think we see a similar thing in Ebony is that she's not, I think it's hard. She's not being believed and it's a lot of pressure. You know. It's just not, you can't, it's a lot of weight to hold. And sometimes you gonna stumble You. know what I mean? And you need help And I think in that scene in particular, You know for me it was just like she is not even sure of what she's seeing. So forget society or the social worker, DCS her mother You know. Forget all of those people believing her. She's now kind of questioning herself. Am I actually losing my mind? Am I going crazy? That's something that's not Un You feel that so much all the time.


Yeah, exactly. You like, am I crazy? Am I doing too much? Am I Exactly. And that's, am I to fight the power today? You saying you get it. I'm, I'm trying. That's how I, watching the movie though, I was like, Ooh, wow, okay. I felt that like, Right. Am I, you're constantly questioning yourself. Even If, you don't have to do with demons. It's just like, am I going crazy? Am I doing too much? Am I insecure? Am I losing my mind? So I think that she's a human You. know what I mean? She is definitely a human. I'm Glad you You know. We never talked about that. Yeah, but you, you wrote it in there. There's a lot of things. But you was just telling me this though, for the first time, just Fascinating. Really understood You know what I'm saying? That's what And I didn't have. I didn't do much directing in that scene. Yeah. But because you just sort of knew it. And now I understand Why You know I'm not gonna let him do this. He always give his credit away. Yes, you did. You are always doing amazing directing and a lot of directing and it is amazing.


Yeah. But You just did it. I I, I remember that there's a scene where she's outside. She's like, this You know what I mean? I'm like, what is, why, why am why she should be doing that. Yeah. But I haven't directed her to do that. Right. But that's the question is It's in the writing, I Think. Yeah. Is the constant like, am I actually crazy You know what I'm saying? And so And I think that's why You know. It's like anxiety, And, I think that's what leads to like addiction, right? We see her struggling with alcoholism. So, but she's trying, I don't think she's always not doing right. I think she genuinely thinks she is doing right. And then, and she's just, she's a human You. know what I mean? She's really trying The thing, the scene that Lee was just describing, You know you questioning yourself. Yeah. That is something that black people constantly do, right? Because there's all of these things that we know are on top of us.


We know that we're being oppressed. Right. But then there's other people of society will be like, yeah, you're bugging. There's no such Thing as, it's always like racism. There's no such thing as sexism, homophobia. Oh, please. Right, exactly. It's always chalked up to conspiracy or You. know what I'm saying? And it's sort, we're supposed to act like, and honestly, sometime I just wonder, in order to survive and not lose your mind, you kind of almost have to sort of be on autopilot for a little bit. You know, because you're right, we do know the food is killing us. Right? That's right. We do know politics are probably not really actually working for us, but we're required to show up and vote otherwise we're not doing our civic duty. We're not You know. And of course those things matter. But there's a, there's an era of that where we're supposed to act like we don't know that other things are happening above us. I'll say above us. But I, I don't like saying that.


Maybe just in the realm of where we at You know. So And I think so. We see that exemplified in the movie. She kind of, it's like you feel fractured You. know what I'm saying? So yeah. I think she captured the, the Depression. Right. And the al and the addiction. Right. You know as an, as a recovering addict or as an addict, she captured the truth of what it's like to wake up every day and to fight depression and to get up out of bed and not wanna do drugs or to drink. Right. She captured that wholeheartedly with, with accuracy. I think even better than you did in Billie Holiday. Yeah, it was, it was actually, first of all, when you said that on set, I was like ready to cry.


But it was harder. And it was funny because I was questioning myself. People were like, Billie Holiday will be the hardest role you ever play. I said, okay. Then I got on set. I was like, nigga, that's a lie. I was like wearing me out right now. Like And I kind of was like, am I crazy or am I, have I just lost it? Am I do, am I maybe not that good at this? She's close to us. Yeah. She's just, she required me deal with, like you said, when you watched it the same way playing her. She required me to deal with things in my personal life to, to talk to myself about things. And I couldn't. And for my faith to grow and to change. I don't think I could have played her if, if I did not almost have my own therapy You. know what I mean? Surrounding it. So, and What do you want people to get out of this movie? What do you, at the end of this, what do you want them to get out of it?


Really? That you have to find your higher power. Yeah. 'cause tomorrow isn't promised. You have to find, there's no, this is not a joke. Especially after sitting down with Biden's sleepy ass You. know what I mean? So why y'all got married when I told him to step down? See, this goes back to what I be saying. I'm tell you another thing about this movie. Lemme tell you nothing about this movie. Lee Lee lemme tell you another about this movie. This movie shows you that Not sleepy ass. I mean, I do like vibe too late. I do Headline Sleepy as Lee. This movie shows that If, you don't deal If you don't acknowledge your demons. Yes. You have to acknowledge them. Once they reveal themselves, you have to acknowledge them. And that's how you, you deal with them. What do they say? You can't heal what you don't reveal. So when these things reveal themselves to you, you have to deal with them.


So, so that goes back to Biden. And lemme just say this, What you, well, I'm no, I'm gonna throw it back to you. The first time I heard somebody black talking about depression and something that really hit home was when you were bold enough to psych sit there and say that, that we get depressed. That this is, this is real. Yeah. And, and that's when I had a newfound respect for what you do. Because it's like nobody that's, that's some, that's some that's me like coming out the closet You know what I mean? That people don't Yeah. We don't talk about mental health. We don't talk. We don't talk. Yeah, exactly. For sure. Even though we all deal with it. Yeah. For generations. Yeah, for sure. Like my dad, my dad was going to therapy two or three times a week. He was on 10 to 12 different medications. And he tried to kill himself back in the day.


I didn't find none of this out until 2018 after I started talking about my own issues. So imagine if he would've opened up to me when I was a child, when I was hiding in the woods. 'cause I was having bad panic attacks. Like, oh yeah, Because it's In the closet. And how and how was he received in the community like with that? Right. Because at your father at the time, going to therapy, that's crazy. I mean, talking to like my elders and parents about therapy right now was kind of like, oh, well You know, we don't, we don't really You. know what I'm saying? I Never asked. Asked them that You know. And that's, and You live in you from a small town. So everybody had to know. I wonder if he even talked to people about it. I don't know. They Didn't talk to you? Well, You know, when I asked my mom, I said, mom You know Dad was going through all this. And my mom, exact words was, I thought he was playing crazy to get a check because they ended up saying, giving him a crazy check.


I know your, I love my father. I love him so much. I was talking to him about therapy the other day. He told me, I was like, dad, you can't hold on to everything, right? 'cause things fester. They sit, they da, da da. He was like, yeah. He was like, yeah. I was like, so You know. I I want you to just think about therapy and don't think about it in terms of, it's not that you're crazy, it's just you check in with your health, right? You get your heart looked at, you get your, so why would you not get your mind looked at if that has direct impact on your heart, on your body, all this stuff. He said, yeah, yeah. Well, You know I love your father, nigga. My dad's. So he from Detroit, he really like a negative from Detroit. He was like, yeah, You know. I've actually learned. He's like, I actually kind of do my own therapy. I've learned, I take it And, I, I put it in this box.


And then I like You know, I basically, I, I compartmentalize this. So I tuck it away real deep. I was like, right. I said, but all them little prisoners are gonna build up at a certain point. So I, he told me, he was like, I just tuck it away. And I was like, dad, that's suppression. I was like, that's the opposite of what we talking about. I was like, you gotta talk about these things. So it's just different than mentality. Different You know. Absolutely. Another conversation. I hope this movie opens up to this point we're talking about. Some people definitely need therapy, but some niggas need a exorcism. So how many niggas do You know yo that actually need an exorcism? I Think so. Yeah. I Think so. Listen, we working in the same I'm sure you got a list. I'm, yeah. But I think also that the, 'cause I was thinking about this as the, as I was watching a lot of church people will say, there's too much cursing in this.


Oh, there's too much. Like, there's too much violence in this. How can this be a faith-based anything? 'cause they're, and then you get into the politics of the church, You know you can get into the politics of the church and just sort of deal with that bullshit. Or you can deal with spirituality and know that Jesus walked with hookers, drunks. Yeah. The ops I, I've already gotten, I literally got, somebody hit me the other day, And I was like, Hey, You know, I mean, they asked politely You know what I'm saying? But it was like, Hey, I don't understand how you're a believer and would do a movie about demons. And I was just like, I remember I, I think when I get asked those questions, it's like, okay, take a second, take a beat. You could get offended. Right? You know. Or you could just be like, there's not understanding here.


There's a lack of understanding. Maybe it's on my part You know what I'm saying? But I think that I was, it's always interesting to me as a believer. I'm like, I read scripture You. know what I mean? I do devotion everywhere. I read scripture, I was like, nigga, it's demons in the Bible. Like, I don't know what to tell you. There's crazy things. Like the whole premise is not that this life is clean and perfect and not scary and not what it's that it's all of those things. We just have somewhere to put it. And as he said, if it's a different faith, you got somewhere to put it. You know. Like, so that's really, and it's, and and something a why we have a why for how to navigate this craziness You. know what I'm saying? So the idea that we're not supposed to touch those things to me is very, very weird and, and not realistic. You know, Sometimes we use the demon thing to avoid the actual issue though.


Right. Right. Like when the grandma goes to the pastor and tells us she thinks the house has evil energy. It ain't just demons, it's everything else you talked about. It's the trauma, it's the alcohol abuse, it's the addiction. But it's like, we'll talk about something supernatural to avoid making better choices. Right. And unresolved issues with her daughter. Because I think, if I'm clear, I don't remember you, And, I talked about this, but if I'm clear, You know Alberta may have changed. She received the Lord You. know what I mean? She has transformed her life. And and that's why when Ebony says to her like, you might have your little church friends fool, but I don't think we ever hear a moment in there where Alberta goes to Ebony and says, Hey, I'm really sorry for everything I did to you and allowed happened to you. It's more like, yeah, I don't wanna talk about that. I've transformed now let me just be good to the grandkids and good to everyone else around me.


And That's the way it works. Yeah. It's really, that's way it works. But it's hard. 'cause sometime you need, like you said, you just averting the issue sometime you actually need to look somebody in the face and with humility say, I'm ac I acknowledge what happened to you, what I did to you, and I'm sorry You. know what I'm saying? Which Was part of my journey with Monique. Yeah. Got yes. You know. And you, you did it first, right? Yeah. Yeah. I called her outta the blue You know I wanted her to, I I was working on this. Y'all see that, that other horror movie that she did? Yes. So this young, this young filmmaker, I help a lot of young filmmakers. She went, she was so good in, okay. So this young filmmaker called me up outta the blue and said, listen, I'm working on this movie and And I need your help.


So I said, okay. So I saw the potential in the movie. It was incredible. This kid was just incredible. And I worked on the movie for free for six months. 'cause it was Monique, she didn't know it. Wow. Six months. I helped him edit the film. 'cause it was a little independent film. And And I was like, this bitch is fucking good. She's amazing. Yes. She's fucking real good. That was part of me realizing I had to, she had to work. She just had to continue to, people are missing out. Yes. Yes. On her work as an artist. And so finally I said, listen, you don't notice this, but I've been working on this movie. I I've been working on this movie for like four or five months, six months. She said, you sneaky bitch.


I know. She said And I said, daddy, Come in here and cuss him out because how he ain't tell me he was working on this Movie. And so that, that was the beginning of, of, of, of our, of my healing through this kid that I was helping with his film. Yeah. And how did you how I wanted to know You know, I know you and, and Dame squashed your, your beef as well. How did you, how did that happen? How did that healing happen? That happened because I was told by my all white team at the time that I didn't owe him any money. And I knew in my heart that if I owed the drug, even though the Mo movie didn't make money, the movie did not make money.


So in theory, on paper, I didn't owe him any money, but I knew in my heart that I told him I was gonna pay him his money. So it was a, it was a, it was a man to man thing. But I'm listening now to Hollywood 'cause I'm in, I've done an empire. And I was like, okay, this is the way the white people, this is way, this is the way he's supposed to work. No, it don't work like that. And so even though we took a, the, the movie took a hit, shadow boxer took a hit. I was a You know. I did, I did the right thing with him too. And how was that conversation when you Started? But it did take a public humiliation for me to understand that I did the right thing. Otherwise I would've been just skirting. I don't think som would've come to, I would've had that come to Jesus.


But he, he put Jesus a little earlier. Brought Call. I know, I know. Y'all gotta go in a few. But I want to ask you, Lee, about You know, 'cause you, you, you birthed a lot of people out here, right? Jesse Sillett. What's that relationship like now? Because I remember a few years ago they said y'all were no longer on speaking terms. And I. Think we text, we text each other. We text each other. Here's a movie that's coming that's out. I think that's coming out. I haven't seen it yet. Look it, it's com It's so complicated guys. It's so complicated. Life is so complicated Because of the incident. Because of the, the hoax. Well, life or because of something Else. Life itself is complicated. Okay. But that whole situation was complicated.


And I still don't know what to believe. Honestly, I don't know what to believe when people say he didn't do it. He did do it. God bless him on his journey. And is There room for him to come back? Is what I'm trying to get at. And 'cause, 'cause somebody like you, it takes other black people to to, to keep that grace in that door open for people, other blacks that make mistakes. I work with him again. Yeah, Yeah. Alright. I work with him Again. Would you cast him in something or, yeah, I would Cast him in something again. Got you. Alright. He was a son to me You know, he was like a And he also represented me and he also represented the movement that we, that I tried to, to start, which I didn't even know I was starting, I was so busy worried about cookies, hat, and the music that we were playing.


This was before Insecure. This is before Black Panther. This we started that. It was be it, it it was before fact. Before all of It. That's a fact. We didn't, didn't even know what it was. That's a fact. But I was so worried about the, the, I was so worried about like getting everything right. It's the phone right here, You know on the set that I didn't know what was happening in the zeitgeist. So yeah, it's Complicated Empire definitely ushered in the new black Renaissance and cinema. But yeah, the only reason I ask that is because we see white actors make mistakes and get chance after chance, after chance. It's like with, with our, our people. They just get thrown away, discarded black ball, never work again. But it takes people like you to make sure that they keep working.


Yeah. Well we appreciate you and the film Deliverance is out on August 30th on Netflix. And thank you for joining us. You guys are invited. Don't wait so long. I mean, how long it's been? Seven years probably. It's Been a while. I don't, I don't do Get your phone On T. But it's in theater right now. Today. Today, today's, It's in theaters today. Today's the first day. It's in theaters. Amazing. It's on Netflix. August 30th. 30th. August 30th. Yeah. Well, thank you guys for joining us, Andrew. I know you'll be here again. 'cause you, you, you working, you Working. Apparently you I'm out here later. I'll see y'all for exhibiting forgiveness. I guess next, that's the next role. It was the next movie that comes out in October. Yeah. What's it called? Exhibiting, Exhibiting Forgiveness. What Is that? If? you Don't mind? Yeah. It's actually the painter t Have you heard of Titus Kahar?


Are you familiar with his work? If you brilliant If. you have not If you. Yeah. If you. Yes. If you've not seen his work, you should definitely, he's a painter, is actually what he is. His work is in the Met everything. He's from Detroit actually. But he very similar. He tells truthful stories, but he has never done a movie before. He just needed, apparently painting was just not suffic. He needed a medium to be able to reconcile his relationship with his father, who was definitely a victim of sort of the crack epidemic. And so reconciling that relationship and, and, and learning how to forgive. And so he just started writing his story down and he wrote a script. So this is his debut, directorial debut in hiss. First time writing a script. It's called Exhibiting Forgiveness.


It stars Andre Holland, Andreou Ellis, John Jokes and myself. And, and he just, he really beautifully talks about it. Forgiveness is an amazing concept. Obviously we've seen it today. We've talked about it so much today. But I think we've, forget how hard fought forgiveness can really be. You know. It always feels like you are letting someone get away with someone or you make, get away with something. You're making yourself more vulnerable to more pain. But so it really dives into the idea that it strengthens you. But it is a hard fought battle. So that's, that's October when it comes out. Your life Is hilarious. You had one dream that you, you thought you was just gonna say it. You gonna, this man and man passed the cork and was just like, Okay, acting It is.


I was like, okay, here we go. Tell you something. She's a, she's one of the most phenomenal actors I've ever worked with. That's true. And I worked with all of 'em. Oh, truly. Alright, So you not gonna make me cry here. My That's the truth. You not. No, I really, I really do love him. Between him and Ms. Tasha Smith, who's also in this. Tasha. Tasha, I love her. She's send, she, she's just such hug of a person. The one conversation. Okay, here he is. She's a director. She's director. A director and incredible, incredible acting coach. Acting coach and, and phenomenal actor. Yeah. She's, she also should be a motivational speaker. She should. Don't you think hard to what? She get you together in a voicemail. Yeah. She could. When she tells you, so this is what cracks me up.


This is how she would've got Biden together. She just looked at and she would've been like, It's terrible. She stop, stop. She look at me, she Be like, I'm like, So I finished doing A little work and I'm looking at her for a response. She look at Me, she's like, SIS, it's terrible. I'm like, lemme get my little notes together. Like she might be top three realest niggas ever. My favorite. But both of them Are the same. That's why I was like, I know if I'm in a coaching session, I'm not getting no bullshit. If I'm on set, I'm not getting no bullshit. When they say cut, I'm like, we got it. Like that's a good feeling. We appreciate you for joining us again. Thank you, sir. Andrew Day, Lee Daniels.


It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


I'm a good lawyer. And I. Wanna win on August 22nd? I think I gt she needs someone who is going to fight for her. If we Don't follow the right plan, we lose His series. Reasonable Dow returns on Hulu. She was defending herself against a monster. Starry. Emma Yai Aldi, I'm the best lawyer you have ever worked with. And Morris Chestnut, I'm not gonna stop. I think I love it. Loving. Never underestimate the power of attorney. Always bet on Jax reasonable doubt. New season premieres August 22nd streaming only on Hulu.


Kay hasn't heard from her sister in seven years. I have a proposal for you. Come up here and document my project. All you need to do is record everything like you always do. What was that? That was live audio of a Woman's Nightmare. Can Kay trust her sister or his history repeating itself? There's nothing dangerous about what you're doing, They're just dreams. Dream Sequence is a new horror thriller from Blumhouse television, iHeartRadio and Realm. Listen to Dream sequence on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Meet the real woman behind the tabloid headlines in a personal podcast that delves into the life of the notorious Tori spelling as she takes us through the ups and downs of her. Sometimes glamorous, sometimes chaotic life and marriage. I just filed for divorce. Whoa. I said the words that I've said like in my head for like 16 years. Wild. Listen to misspelling on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Angie Martinez and on my podcast I like to talk to everyone from Hall of Fame athletes to iconic musicians about getting real on some of the complications and challenges of real life. I had the best dad, And I had the best memories and the greatest experience. And that's all I want for my kids as long as they can have that. Listen to Angie Martinez, IRL on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast,


Welcome to cheaters and backstabbers. I'm Shady Diaz. And I'm Kate Robbar. And we are New York City standup comedians and best friends, and We love a good cheating and backstabbing story. So this is a series where our guests reveal their most shocking cheating stories. Join us as we learn how to avoid getting our hearts broken or our Back slashed. Listen to cheaters and backstabbers on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.