
Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for epic journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing guide and owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice, then sip it slowly, feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke Break.


High five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits@highfivecasino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High Five Casino is a social casino, no purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com. High five Casino


ODU is business management made so simple a kid could explain it. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs. But odu, funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So you should use ODU because they save you money. Ooo, makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now@oo.com. That's ODO o.com.


Good job. Thanks. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's D-E-J-N-V. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The. Breakfast. Club. Jess is on maternity leave. So we have Lauren LaRosa and of course we got our brother a with us this morning. We got a special guest in the building. We have Caleb Plant. Welcome brother, My man. How's It going? How you feeling Man? Feeling good. Feeling Good? What's happening brother? Let's talk about you a little bit man. How'd you, how'd you get your start in boxing? Well my dad was a fighter when he was younger and so You know naturally wanting to open that door for me and You know me wanting to You know a lot of young boys wanted be like their dad when they grow up and just took to it right away.


And him and my granddaddy got put a little money together to open up like a little gym and was in there from like 2 45 to like 10 30 at night, like six days a week. Loved it. How old were you? Okay. I started when I was nine. Yeah, that's why I like organized competing when I was nine years old and that's all I wanted to do. And at first I started kickboxing and I had five world titles and non-national titles and kickboxing. But I was like boxing simultaneously. So like one weekend my dad would drive me to Atlanta one weekend my dad would, we would drive to Chicago, drive to Virginia Beach. He, he was just driving me everywhere. But then when I got to 17 I was like man, I don't really want to kickbox anymore and there's no money in kickbox, And, I don't wanna do anything else.


So I just wanna do boxing. So you used to probably fight a lot even outside of the ring or outside of like organized competition? I've been in a couple. Just a couple. Just A couple. Just a couple. Say a little, I lost count but it's just a couple. But Tennessee, I mean not known for fighters. When did you realize, all right, You know I could really be something in this sport. Maybe put Tennessee on a map as far as boxing, I mean I, maybe I was delusional but I felt like when I was nine like I was like man I'm gonna be this, this is, I know I'm gonna be this one day. And even in like middle school, like I would practice my signature on a piece of paper, like fill up the whole thing.


Autographs, my teacher would come around and be like, what are you doing? I'm like, I'm prac practicing my autograph. She's like, for what? I'm like, I'm gonna make it in boxing one day. She's like, you need to plan B, You need to Plan B. But yeah, I always felt like, man, I'm gonna make it big one day. Who did you look up to boxing wise when you was growing up? Looked up to Floyd, Andre Ward and then like older fighters like Sugar Ray Leonard, Alfredo, Benitez, James, Tony, Hector, Camacho and then like even older like and Georgie Benton and people like that. So there's a long list of guys that I've been You know watching over the years trying to steal moves from and take him and making my own and just You know be a complete fighter.


So yeah, I got a lot of long lists of people that I respect throughout the game. Now you Had the fight this weekend. What did you think of the fight or last weekend I should say? Which fight? Canelo. Langa Just thought it was kind of a one-sided whooping You know he might've won maybe around so, but a lot of people expected Langa to probably get stopped. You know halfway along You know halfway through the fight, around six, around eight, something like that. So You know he made it through. So Were you surprised about your fight when you fought McCumby You know? Were you surprised at how he started the fight and and and game momentum after he, he knocked you down? I mean no one goes into a fight like I'm going to get an eight count.


But I was, I was locked in. We were taking him serious. You know, I feel like in today's game it's like a popularity contest. You know if you're not like the most, don't have the most followers or you're not the most known people will call you a bum. But You know, we knew he was athletic, undefeated You know this was his big moment and he was coming to put it all on the line. And at the end of the second round he caught me with a pretty good shot. And then in round four I got caught on the shoulder, fell down and they gave me an eight count but I wasn't really tripping 'cause I wasn't hurt or anything like that. So I'm like man, just stay cool and just keep doing what you're doing. And then tried just switched up that game plan, took it to the inside.


He was like wild, erratic, You know swinging crazy like bull rushing me and stuff and kind of hard to like read things. So took it to the inside and went from there. You know people are saying that your fight was the most entertaining of the night You know a lot of people are saying that. Is that important to you to, to please the crown? I mean You know you're known for to be a slick boxer but, but that was an entertaining fight. Is that important to you? It's not really. It's important to me to stick to the game plan. You know it's important to me to listen to my coaches and You know I got You know today's boxing is filled with a lot of PE teachers, You know, but I have real boxing teachers and people who study the game know the game.


You said PE Teachers? Yeah, PE teachers, trainers. What was that Stand for? You know people with the whistle and a stopwatch but they don't teach boxing. Right, right, right. You know and, but I have that my dad bread and I trust them. You know that's why they're in that position. So the game plan was a stick and moving box and then maybe step to him a little later on. But once I realized that things were a lot less erratic on the inside, I took it to the on in the fourth round, I stepped to him a little bit on the inside and I came back to the corner. I'm like man, that's where I need to be. And Brad was like, Hey you gotta trust me but we're gonna be on the inside of the rest of the fight. Him and my dad were saying that. I'm like cool, that's, I felt the same way. So and that was the, that was the You know the difference In the fight.


Yeah, You know the answer. That's what needed to be done. And You know we were all on one accord. So that's what it's about. You know, I had been telling you guys over the last 18 months, You know I really been working on smoothing the edge of my game and being the most complete fighter that, or being that I'm the most complete fighter that I've been yet. And then it was nice to be able to go out there and show that. How Do You know when to pivot in a fight though? Like at what point Do You wait to get knocked down or do you, or when you're down in the cards, like, I mean it could be for numerous reasons. You know I just felt in that moment, specifically speaking You know, it just felt like the way he was bull rushing and being, like I said erratic and unorthodox, unconventional, it was just, it just seemed like that that was the right move.


And then when I came back to the corner they were telling me the same thing. So then like once they reinforced that I'm like that's what I need to do. And so it just depends. There could be a million different reasons why maybe you get hurt. You know, maybe you're down on the cards. Maybe in this situation where he was like being unconventional, it could be for numerous reasons but that's why pays to be You know. Well-rounded and You know be able to be slick and move and box and stand your ground or move. And then also to be able to You know fight in the pocket. So yeah, Every time you walk into a fight, is your goal to knock somebody out or is it just to get through the fight? Like what's the, Just stick to the game plan and if the knockout comes, it comes like in 2022, I had You know Kale of the Year against Anthony Dorell, but it's not a shot that I was looking for.


It's just You know the best knockouts come when you're not looking for, so I was waiting for you to ask a question. First of all, I was letting Y'all, why was you so quiet? I Was, listen, I was Listening to this story. Finishing coffee. Okay, What getting at because why you look at me. I'm just asking a question. Why you so quiet in there? I was wait, I'm, I'm learning his story as I'm sitting here and rolling Down. Let's talk Langa. Obviously you guys have some drama leading up to the fight and on the press conference where those that don't know Canelo kind of gave you a shot saying I'll take care of him for you. Is he still on your radar, like with that performance, do you think it's a it's a big fight you against Ber Langer? I mean I feel like it would You know the fans would be right.


Excited, excited to see it. And You know he's one of the bigger names in the division, super middleweight division. And I'm always looking to You know get in there with people who have big names or, or big challenges. And so yeah, He called you a hater when he was up here. He said that when you had your time to shine, he never disrespected you. And he said, now this is his time. He said that you were a hater and pressing him for A fighter. You don't have You know Khalid plant. He said you are an unworthy challenger for Canelo. He said you got a weak chin lack of experience and poor technical boxing skills. He said you have no experience against genuine world class opposition. And you struggled against the marginal competition that your promoters have carefully selected for you to maintain your unbeaten record.


What do you say to that? He's a hater period. He's a guy. He he had his See You know it was a thing with him, right? And I told him when I seen him, when I seen him in Vegas, I said, yo, I got a lot of respect for you 'cause you've been at that level You. know what I'm saying? Even though you lost, but you've been at that level. Like you fought Canelo, you fought Benavidez, And, I gotta give you that respect. You got it, you got to that level, you feel me? But I feel like now he clout chasing you feel me? He's doing a lot of weird shit just to, just to be relevant again, you feel me? Because I feel like, and a lot of people know, dude don't sell. You feel me? He don't sell unless he he, unless he's fighting a big, a big fighter. You feel me? So I'm like, you a hater bro. 'cause when it was your time Toan, when it was your time to step in that ring with Klow and all these guys, I never bashed you, I never said nothing about you You.


know what I'm saying? I let you have your moment, but you ain't take your opportunity. You feel me? You lost, you got knocked out. So How did that in Vegas, I saw you guys going back and forth on the clip that went viral and you said you was giving him respect. So how did it turn into you guys going back and forth? Because what, what did he say to you? What was his response? Yeah, because yo, bro, at the end of the day, I'm I'm, I'm a dude man, right? Like I'm from, I'm from New York bro. I'm from the trenches bro. You feel me? So it's different how you come. You gonna, if if I'm giving you respect, you gonna respect me, you feel me? And I, I gave him that respect but he just kept going and going and going. Saying what though? Yo bro, what's up bro? Yo you gonna gimme that fight yo? I'm like, nah, I'm focusing on September I got Canelo. Oh, so He was talking about to fight you Not but But forget about that If. you don't get Canelo. What's up?


I'm like, nah, it's, nah, I'm not even worrying about that. Like I gotta plant a, we sticking with that? Nah bro, he just kept going and going. Oh yeah, but what happened with the spawn? He talking about spawning. I was like 17 years old. So you 17? Yeah. I'm like but what happened in the sixth round? Fucked up. I fucked him up. I fucked you up. And, I, I, I blew you on the sixth round with a body shot. You ran out the ring. Oh he started, oh. Oh I'm all right. So that's when You know I got him on New York. I just got So You were 17 years old when you was spawning with him? Yeah. He was a pro already. Yeah. Yeah he was pro And. I just turned it up on him You. know what I'm saying? Like if You know shit went viral fight Joe call me like yo, he sound like a real New York nigga man. I mean he, we were never Around and you don't be girls. He said I he's married So's.


Oh that's okay. That makes Sense. Yeah I got the top one. There you go. You see what I'm saying? There you go. There you go. Trying to stir pie. Yeah M here you see the ring on man. That's exactly why y'all over here quiet and listening and Not just talking. I was asking for her. That's why she was so quiet first of all. No that's Not no I got a top House. There you go. Me too brother. There you go. Married game. Now y'all shut up. So What do you think about that? But I mean we, when I had my chance, like we were never around each other. So as far as him not hating like we never talked but really I just seen him at the Jaime Mia way in and all of a sudden I looked up and You know a lot of the focus was like on Canelo and them 'cause it's their fight and he's standing right next to me and I'm like, Hey what's up man?


How's it going? Da da da. And I was like man, we need to make a big fight happen. You know I, I'm sure You know it'll be good for boxing, be good for the fans. And he was like, yeah but I gotta a fight already. I was like, all right, cool. Well You know If you, if it don't work out we can fight and if it does work out we can fight after You know whether you win or lose or whatever. And he's like on his, how did, what does he say his New York, his bully shit or something like that. And I'm like, look, I get it. You gotta fight either If, you don't get it. We can make it happen. And You know da da da. He and he starts You know acting tough and so You know I'm not taking a step back neither.


And then I'm like well let's get the cameras over here and get it on You know for the boxing interview. It's like hey, if he fights Canelo we're gonna fight after. If he don't then we're gonna fight next. And his daddy steps in front of him. And on my life, on my boxing career, his daddy steps in front of him said no I don't say that on camera. And he said quiet like that. I'm like oh yeah, that gave me confidence 'cause like if his dad was so You know confident in his son, then just let him say yeah even if he wasn't gonna follow through and do it. Like why not at least just say yeah for the cameras. Even if it was just for the cameras. But he is like, no I don't say that. So Did your respect for him go up as a fighter seeing him go to distance with Canelo? I mean if that's like the, is that like the level that we respect now?


Like oh doesn't matter if he went around like as long as he survived You know not, not really You know if a real fighter You know I'm not, I'm not here to brag about who lost the best against Canelo 'cause that that seems silly. But at the same time, like I won more, I definitely won more rounds. And I went out on my shield trying to win as opposed to You know Yip yapping the whole lead up. And then just for the most part keeping my hands in my back pockets the whole fight. And You know he's the big bad wolf who says he punches harder than Triple G but he was the one getting walked down the whole fight. It's not like he's stuck and move and boxed and used his skills.


Canelo was just walking him down the whole fight. And so especially once it's like 11 to one or You know 10 to 10 to nothing or in the 11th round and you haven't won one round, it's time to like your hand put it on the line like If you get stopped. It's part of the game. You know how many legendary fighters have been stopped? Roberto Duran's been knocked out. Cole fell right on his face against Tommy Hearns. You know Muhammad Ali's been been decked. Like just go out on your shield like who cares? But hi, his ego wouldn't allow him to do that. You know he'd rather stay clean and pretty and so no I don't really respect that You fought Canelo and and Benavidez, right? So, so, so so who wins that fight in your opinion since you've been in there with both of 'em?


I think it's hard to say You know in big, big fights like that You know they have different styles. You know if Canelo caught him with the big punch 'cause You know David has been dropped before it was, he was off balance but he he he has been dropped. But if Canelo caught him and stopped him You know would we all be like man I can't believe that You know. I don't think anybody would say that. But if David You know got him Canelo and started flaring a lot, flaring a lot and You know maybe in the later rounds was able to You know get some steam or some momentum or something. I don't think we would be surprised either. So it's hard to say whoever's on that night and You know whoever's got the best game plan, whoever had a good camp You know there's a lot of variables that go into it that lead up to You know a fighter having a successful fight you can, it's a lot.


It's a lot You know Speaking of those two opponents, you, you always been somebody that wants to get your lick back, right? Wants to rematch guys me that you lost to 'cause you, you've been talking about Canelo again So you on revenge to it now. Yeah. Yeah If you had the opportunity right? Yeah because there's, there was obviously bad blood with Ben Vida a lot Canelo not so much, you guys seem to be cool now but that's the bigger money fight. But deep down, what loss would you want to avenge more? Well Canelo has more hardware and You know for Legacy and You know putting like I I would choose Canelo 'cause he is got more hardware. You know he's got three of the four belts and Bigger check at the end of that too.


I mean yeah You know can't no one ever got mad for getting paid more either. You know so. Right, right. But I think a lot of people put the emphasis on the money when they fight Canelo. Right. And You know we, we all gotta get our bills paid but money's not like my number one reason why, why Box You know I'm passionate about the sport. I'm a competitor. You know I love Boxing's done a lot of great things for me. So the money's obviously on the list but it's not at the top of the list. It's, it's the hard wear the legacy You know the honor, the glory. But I'd run it back with both of 'em In a rematch with Kalo. How do you, like what do you do different? What do you improve? What do you change? Well I, I didn't have the best camp that that fight so would like to just be able to have a better camp and You know experience isn't, I've said this before but experience isn't something you can borrow.


It's not something you can buy. You know you gotta go through the fire to get it. And since the Canelo fight, You know I feel like I've done that Fighting Canelo Derrell two time former world champ David Ben Navita is former two time world champ and now You know this guy who was ranked number nine in the WBA. I feel like I have that experience now is There a particular fight in your career that you feel like best defines you as a fighter? Like If you had to show somebody, this is me as a boxer, this is, which fight would that be? Well my first world title fight against Jose Tigi, I was an underdog going into that fight.


You know I hadn't really like been able to properly introduce myself and a lot of people were You know saying this saying that I was gonna get beat, gonna get stopped and I wound up You know doing my thing in that fight become world champ. So either that or You know this last fight even though I got hit on the shoulder with a and got a eight count and then You know I got caught with the Good shot and round two other than that hit me with a couple other shots here and there. But that's boxing You know you're gonna get, you're gonna get hit. But just making that adjustment, You know that'd probably be another one. 'cause K Caleb you feel like you got, you have to fight or just be with a chip on your shoulder because You know guys like Bernard in the past has said I'm never gonna let a white boy beat me.


And the other black fighters have said that. So do you feel like you you you have to be extra to prove to yourself like I'm not a regular white boy. I don't feel like I have to be extra You know. I think being yourself is You know how you get furthest in life and But you get te you get tested like we all saw you smacked Jamal. But the way I respond is not me trying to be extra, that's just who I am. You know and like, but because I don't think someone, if someone's grabbing on your face of course and you ask them to stop and they do it again and You know then they're saying You know, saying You know things about being a white boy and You know in front of your peers, in front of your wife. It If you respond the way I did.


That's not being extra, that's just You know. But do you feel like That's what a lot of grown men do feel like more because you're quiet, soft-spoken? Yeah, I think so. It's been like that my whole life though. But like You know I guess to your point as motivation and right You know hopefully like by the time I'm retired, You know fighting like a white boy might need something different. You know what I mean? So how do You know, how do You know to flapping not punch because the instinct would be to just throw a punch, right? I mean in in in that moment he was trying to treat me like a little boy so I treated him like a little boy. Damn. Yeah. So that was just you responding to what was happening in the moment. That don't mean you like it is gonna officially be like a actual fight with y'all.


I mean it can be You know he's in, he fights at one 60, I fight at 1 68. His last fight he fought at a catch weight to 1 63 against a guy who fights at 1 47. And he came in at, this is a lot of numbers but he came in at like 1 66. Right? So he


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes, you can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more Intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Hi five Casino High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits@highfivecasino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings Go straight to your bank account hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards and come back to get free coins every four hours. only@highfivecasino.com. High five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition. See website for details at high. The number five casino.com. High five Casino.


Hello it is Ryan And. I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on chumba casino.com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and You know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba Casino's home, the hundreds of casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com to claim your free welcome bonus. That's chumba casino.com and live the Chumba Lights Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary V GW Group void where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke 'cause If, you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly, feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


This is Coke zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide.


He even came in overweight on the catch weight. So he's a super middleweight. Yeah at this point. So we could definitely make a fight happen. You know I, he's going through things in his personal life and You know I made a a statement saying like it whatever happened between us could be sat on the back burner for now You know he's got things he is going through. Go handle that and we can make a big fight happen. Until then, You know, I don't think it'd be right for me to like continuously like have my foot on his neck or be pressing him about certain things. Like he's got You know enough on his plate and You know he's got kids and I'm sure we'd all like to see him get himself together and You know go out and make a decent living for his family.


So Is that you? 'cause I know you went through stuff in your personal life like in 2014 with your daughter and then losing your mom as well too. Yeah. Are you able to like be empathetic like that and remove the boxer or the fighter because you've been through your own things or I mean I could honestly like care less what somebody's been through. That's not an excuse to not know how to act. Yeah. You know boxing's a grown man sport. So if you're gonna be in here, you gonna, you're gonna have to act like a grown man 'cause there's grown men in here and If, you act like a little boy then one of us might treat you like a little boy. So If, you need help. I'll be the help you need You know as far as whatever you're going through. If you're not If, you can't hold it, hold it together well enough to just be out and about, then you should be inside You know regardless of what you've been through.


'cause like you said, You know I've been through, we've all been through things but we're not walking around grabbing people by their face or not even that situation. How Didn't you grab you by your face for you to slap him? 'cause I was like, You did like that and pulled on my beard. And I pushed him back. I'm like, yo, what are you doing? Like don't, I was mad You know, don't ever grab me by my face again. Da da da. And he reached up and did it right again. And you only grab someone by their face for two reasons. Either one, you wanna fight them or two you don't think they're gonna do anything. Oh they wanted to kiss you. That's the third thing. Yeah. Or Three. Hopefully. Hopefully I'd rather be one of the first two. God damn bro. Why? Why Take it there? Like that was not even an option. Like damn you was think it it not.


Oh God. Now how did you mentally stay focused after You know those those terrible obstacles happened in your life? Like how do you even just stay focused And? I mean not even forget fighting just to show up in The. World. Yeah because everything's so public too. Yeah, I mean You know at the end of the day you got two choices. You know if something's going on you can either keep going or you can quit and If you quit You know whatever situation you're in is prob probably gonna be like that forever You. know what I mean? And it's always gonna be messed up. You're always gonna wonder what if. But If you keep going You know who knows what'll happen. And I guess I just always had like this voice in my head that was like, If, you keep going, it's gonna work out If, you keep going, you're gonna make it If, you keep going You know things are gonna come together.


And so like I just kept listening to that Kept, kept going and there was no way that I could like allow myself to live forever in this situation. You know that I was in You know I I need more than that and just kept putting one foot in front of the other. I guess just don't quit. You either quit or you keep going. So Absolutely. Now you and Fat Joe had some words at one time too, right? Yo, we we had How'd You know that I know everything. Yeah. Why Fat Joe Always get into it with boxes man. Like why? Why That's your last on his list. Yes, But that was based on Langa because You know he's siding with Langa. Him and Langa had some drama. Yes. So happened With Joe.


I seen him At the fight. I was like headed to the back to the back of the T-Mobile and he was walking this way and when we were walking past each other, I'm not sure if he said something first or if I said something and he said something right back or if like we kind of caught each other out of the corner of our eye and we both just turned around and started like yapping at each other. But he must have been pretty bothered 'cause You know about it. Nah, he didn't tell me I heard it. I Heard it. What did he say talking about it. Well then he's telling other people then And I was at Secret Con yesterday and somebody came up to me and told me like Mayor, that's his manager, the Mayor. Oh that's his business partner.


His business partner was like, yeah this, that and the third Fa Joe's mad. So I guess he must have been pretty, pretty bothered. What'd you say for everybody to find out? I don't know, we just were walking by each other and he said how does it feel having to get up off the ground three times? 'cause I Oh wow. From the shoulder and then other two times I just fell. But he just said That's so Joe just randomly said that to you? Yeah, but yeah that's crazy. Which is weird 'cause I won and two of them, one he caught me with the decent shot. The other two like just fell You know? Yeah. So like that's not really a flex to say how to feel good. I'm off the th ground three times. If I won he won a term champ.


Stop the guy. Your guy lost every round. Like what do you mean? How did it feel? Felt better than not getting my hand raised. Yeah, I don't know about that. I don't know how little old me could have all them that bothered. But You know If you in Lango with a fight though, like leading up to the fight the press, there might be some drama You know to swing on people out the ring. You did it with Canelo. With Charlo. How bad would that press tour be with you and Langer? Yeah, I mean and that would be nasty. I don't, I've never retaliated towards somebody who wasn't Disrespectful. Not even that but like putting their hands on me or You know being, being trying to harass me or something like that.


So I mean I don't know. I can't say. Hmm. Do they warn you about that? About putting your hands on people outside during Ring? I mean my manager has like had a discussion with me but not in a sense of like you're not doing the right thing. It's like look, You know. I know that certain people have You know, it's like I know they're starting it but just be careful. Just be smart. You know isn't the Boxing commission doesn't fine you for that just 'cause it's still a business right? I mean like if I get in a fight outside, you don't get in trouble in boxing. You know. Yeah they don't care about that. Is it true that the hands have gotta be register to these weapons? That's always been a rule.


That's not true. That is totally no. That that is not true. Okay. Definitely not true. I've heard that so many times like no that's not true. Now If, you get in a fight and you hurt somebody and then the judge sees that you're a professional boxer You know they could be like hey you could get more trouble for that. But if you're defending yourself or You know self-defense, like just 'cause you're a boxer, you can't necessarily get in like more trouble as long as you're in the right You know. Or What do you feel working with somebody like Al Hamman for all these years, right? Who was one of the most powerful men in boxing for so many years and to some degree he still is, right? But obviously his excellency Turkey ic has come into the sport and poured so much money into it.


You obviously we saw the AJ fight in in London and then Bud Crawford and who your friends were in in la. Do you like him for the sport? And do you think like guys like him and Al can coexist together and make big fights together? Yeah, I mean I'm sure they can coexist. You know Bob and Al have coexisted Oscar and Al and Bob have coexisted. So You know. I'm sure they can all coexist with another guy jumping in but But Do you like him for the sport? Yeah, I mean hey if he's treating fighters well if he's paying fighters well and You know doing good by the sport You know I'm gonna be a that's good in my book You. know what I'm saying? And Would you fight if he offered you You know on one of his Rio season cards, would you work with Turkey and fight on one of his cards?


I know that he works with Al You know he is had a couple fighters over there. David Morell and You know, but You know I'm with Alan, Luis and You know if he ever wanted me on a show, You know I'd be open to that. He would just have to go go through that. Do it the right way. And You know we'd all have to come do an in agreeance and You know it'd be on one accord. 'cause You know A and Luis have taken good care of me for a long time now. And I respect. You've been Loyal to them. Yeah. Yeah. I So who's next for you? Mania Langa. I think You know the Lango or the Charlo fight makes more sense. I think it's more exciting for boxing, more exciting for the fans and yeah, I think one of those, one Of those two.


What you think, what do you think Charlamagne? I think Langa would be hot right now. I think you and Langa would make a great card right now. Yeah. Yeah. I mean I I like the Charlo brother too, but Langa is like hot right now. Right now both of y'all are hot now. Been in by Jim. Yeah. Yeah. It just makes sense for y'all to, it just makes sense from a boxing fan perspective. That's what I would want to see. I think so too. Yeah. Langa You know, I know you're in New York, you're a big fashion dude, like you doing a lot of shopping. Oh boy, I I I seen something on Instagram where somebody was comparing you and Langa like your style 'cause he's from New York. What? So they can't compare. Talk about that. What can talk about what You know, like style, fashion, like what he puts on, like you don't think he can compete with you on that?


Say What you don't think he can compete with you in that department? I mean probably just different styles he likes to wear like all designer You know. Right. That's Easy. I'm not really into that. Right. But I think passion for me just like stem from probably not having any of that stuff when I was a kid and like You know, wanting nice shoes, wanting nice clothes, wanting nicer things and, but fashion's something I've gra gravitated towards You know even before like I had the money to buy like all You know I like this style. I like that. And I have my own clothing brand now. Revenge tour. Yeah. That's been doing doing stuff. Yeah. Yeah, it's been doing real well. And You know people have really gravitated towards it and You know, probably feel a connection to it in their own life.


And then also seeing that I actually have lived that life You know I'm not just trying to make something cool for everybody to want to buy. Like I'm, I'm a good representation of that I feel like. And so that's something I plan on You know Running up. What, What made you wanna go into revenge tour? Because I mean like to me you've had a great boxing career. Like you don't duck nobody. You getting there with whoever the challenge is. So what makes you feel like You know you're an underdog now? Who has to I guess seek revenge? Well I thought of it after I lost a Canelo, like a colon brand is something I've always wanted, but just had been sitting on a name trying to see which direction I wanted to go. And then after losing to Canelo, I'm like, You know I go from place to place.


Stop to stop like a tour. So You know I could right that wrong and You know get back at Canelo. But it's also like a representation in life. You know, it's not really just about my boxing career, but from where I started in life, You know things that I've been through and You know going from each place stop to stop so I can You know, get my revenge on life and not, not not end up where I started You know make a better way for my family, make a better way for my children. And You know, I feel like we can all relate to that You know, we've all been told no, we've all been told we can't accomplish this or that because of what we look like or where we're from. And You know that motivates us to go out there and be like, no, I'm gonna get my revenge. I'm gonna show you what I can do.


I'm gonna show you how far I can run it up and take it. And so it's not just about my boxing career, but it's about life in general. You know we've all had those things where we can relate to that. So You know, suffering the loss. Obviously you've experienced that big and big profile fights. What, what would you say to AJ after the big upset loss against Dua this past weekend? Just You know, take a little time for your family and then he, he seems really motivated to keep going. He's already made like two statements I think. So just get back in the gym, You know, get back in the lab, get back to work. You know, work on some of those mistakes you were making and come back.


You know I feel like a lot of fighters in this era when they lose, I don't know if they read too much into social media and read too many comments and start believing what people, that's exactly what it is people put. But that's just always been weird to me. Like you with Canelo You know I'll come back, Darrell even this fight You know come back. It's like I haven't really lost any confidence 'cause it's like that's not really how boxing works. You know if you're a real student of the game and you look back through history, like all the top fighters have You know lost And someone like AJ who's went against You know big smoke throughout his career, A lot of big time fighters. You know sometimes that's gonna happen. And it's like going to a national tournament as an amateur, you, you may pull up and you think you're gonna win the whole national tournament.


You may lose in the quarterfinals semifinals or the first day, right? But then when you show up to the next national tournament, you're like, I'm gonna win this. Right? Can't none, these dudes beat me. Do You think he could be three time world champion again? Eight Anthony Joshua. I mean I wouldn't put it past him. And I think that the Wild Wilder Fighter is a lot more interesting now. You know show That we really want that at this point. I mean I think after this last weekend or You know whenever he fought, yeah, Saturday I think it's back interesting again, You know after Both of 'em losing, I guess that's, that's what people were basing and all that and that fight that people always wanted. Yeah. But I never understood like a fighter losing one time and then he is like ruined for forever.


Like Yeah. Yeah. How could you, yeah, That's a new era. You know. 'cause back in the, in the eighties and nineties that Yeah I don't believe didn't exist. Believe. I think it's how you lose Though, that that's a big part too. Not just lose, but how you lose. For Sure. Like we watched him lose really bad to rue really bad to Dubois. Like U six fight was cool right? But those was some you not, you're not supposed to lose that bad to Ruiz and Duba. Well I will say even though he lost in the way he did, it wasn't like a 12 round butt whooping where he just like was clearly out class for the whole fight. You know, it's like he's doing pretty good or it's kind of even maybe he's up a little bit and all of a sudden he gets caught with the big shot. Yeah. And he can't recover. Duba was a butt kicking from beginning End. I, I didn't see the fight, but from the get go it was Oh from the, oh yeah.


From around Getting caught. Huh? Getting Caught too much. It was, it was just that he didn't recover from the first knockdown Seemed like he was tired and sluggish, clinching. It wasn't like an onslaught but it just, he wasn't there. Yeah. So you seen the clip though? The knockout? Yeah, I seen the clip. And I was like, man, he didn't hit him that hard. Like, but I guess he had been dropped before that. Yeah. These guys had two 50 pounds though. Six. Yeah, he had already been dropped though. And so he was hurt. So Three times before, right? Yeah. He got dropped three times before that. Yeah. Yeah. Are there any active fighters the day that motivate you? Oh yeah. Yeah. I'm a, I'm a boxing fan so You know people like Terrence Crawford and You know, even Errol Spence You know he's a hell, he's a hell of a fighter.


Great fighter and a crazy hard worker. I like Shakur Stevenson, some of these pe some of these people do not like each other at all. So I'm like catch him. But they're all my friends so, but De Devin's a great fighter. Shakur's a great fighter. Davonte, Terrence Crawford, USIG Fury, boot Tennis, Stephan Fulton Scooter. Yeah. Yeah. There's a long list of guys that I enjoyed Watching. I'm brought up Arrow though 'cause 'cause of that one loss against Bud. It seems like everybody's writing a more out, even though he's, he's a hell of a fighter. He, he, he's a great fighter. Canelo Canelo's A great fighter. Canelo, I mean, sorry Bud has been won in the Canelo fight. Obviously you've seen it all over.


How does that fight play out? I don't know. I don't know. I think some people like a hundred percent write it off after the Israel fight. But that people, again, some people, I seen quite a few comments calling him a bum. Yeah, that's crazy. Leading up to the fight. But he was Bival Wass the lead sparring partner for Canelo when Bival fought Canelo. Right. And if he's sparring bival, the whole camp You, know what I'm saying? He Is a decorated amateur. That's the problem. He's Got over 300 fights. Like I said, it's a popularity contest. So popularity, yeah. Now maybe he with a little more activity, he would've looked different in that fight or maybe stylistically he just didn't wanna take as many chances.


But Terrence definitely won that fight and even started to pull away in the end I thought. And I didn't think it was that close to what people would said. I, I just don't think Magic Wolf landed any really significant shots outside of the drive. I throw Bud Lambda indeed. Shots. Indeed. Yeah, indeed. Well Caleb gotta go guys. You got a question? Last question. Yeah I did. You were, it was back when you was talking about motivation. I saw that you had posted the Girl Dad sneakers. Oh yeah. The Kobe's or the fight the fighting shoes. Yeah, the Kobe's. Talk about like Kobe as a motivation. 'cause you talked about a lot of boxers, but like you specifically said he gave you motivation for years. Oh yeah. So what, what, what was that motivation specifically? Like what from Kobe inspired you in your fights? Well, just like since I was a kid, like feeling like studying the greats You know great to be great to be successful You know you gotta be intentional.


And so just taking time to watch like every YouTube video I could on certain certain athletes, certain coaches, certain artists and You know Kobe's dedication and sacrifice that he made to get to where he got You. know that's something you gotta tip your hat to and respect. And so just watching a lot of his motivational videos over the years and studying things that he implemented into, whether it be physical recovery, his nutrition, what You know numerous different things like that and wanting to put that in my arsenal and You know so that I can try and be the best athlete I can. Yeah, he's given me a lot of motivation. And then obviously with Charlie and Aaliyah and then the girl Dash shoe coming out.


You know, I felt like it'd be perfect timing to You know. Put all that together before You get outta here. One last question. If, you can name your next three opponents with You. know no stipulations. You You know. In in, in that order. Who would they be in? In order? Yeah. Charla or Langa and then the other one after that. And then Canelo. Mm, Charlo Langa. Canelo. Yeah. Or Bolingo. Charlo. Canelo. One of 'em. Or any, any three order. But those three. It can be in any order. Well Caleb, we appreciate you for joining us this morning. Absolutely. It's Caleb Plant. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Thank you. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The. Breakfast Club


High Five Casino. High five. Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account. Hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void, book prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high. The number five casino.com. High five Casino.


Hello, it is Ryan. And we could all use an extra bright spot in our day, couldn't we? Just to make up for things like sitting in traffic, doing the dishes, counting your steps You know all the mundane stuff. That is why I am such a big fan of Chumba Casino. Chumba Casino has all your favorite social casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere with daily bonuses. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com. That's chumba casino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary v GW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


One in three women and one in four men experience domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina started the Purple Leash project to help eliminate one of the many barriers domestic abuse survivors face. A lack of pet-friendly domestic violence shelters. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping to create more pet-friendly domestic violence shelters across the country. So abuse survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.


Ready to elevate your game and connect with marketing's most influential leaders. Unlock your impact on culture at Black Week, October 15th through the 18th in New York City. Black Week is an economic forum and marketing conference created for and by Black and Latina top level executives in media, entertainment, tech, and more designed to inspire visionary professionals to lead with purpose. Black Week will redefine our economic profile in the market. Register now at Black week.co/register Black Week 2024. Claim your spot.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal Plus sound system with speakers in the headrests keep you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new re-imagined. Nissan kicks today available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.