
This is an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing massy seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather pointed seats are optional features.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches and low or moderate income census tracks also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say Do Wells Fargo Bank, NA member FDIC.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ J nv, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LA is here as well. And we got a special guest in the building. We got the good brother Harold Wilkerson. I don't think anybody gonna know who that Is. Harry Old ladies and gentlemen. What's up brother? What's Going on Eve? What's going on everyone? Thank you for having me. LL Lauren. What's up Harry? Yo. Got a New Book called It's Beyond Words, which is out right now. Yes. And you talk, you talk about the art of calculated communication. Yes. What is that? Great question. So the art of calculated communication, let me just rewind a little bit for the room. Who may not know or those who don't know in the room that besides a entertainment executive.


I'm also a college professor and I've been teaching communication courses for maybe 12 to 13 years. If you Not know that, if you gonna go that far, let's go. Go all the way back then. I had no, I didn't either. You know, Harel was, it was started off as a rapper. Yes. Okay. That's how I originally know Harel. He's from High Bridge, he's from the Bronx. He started off as a as rapper family from there and was really, and was signed to The Ink. Yes. Signed to the Ink. You was a hype man for Ja Rule for many years and then you stopped rapping and now break it down. Well first of all, how did you meet Irv and everybody and, and go through that whole alright, list of things. Great question. So let me rewind, right. So first I started the entertainment business. I had a deal with Uptown Records first with Andre Harrell and everyone over there, God bless the Dead, my Favorite label level favorite, Favorite right Best for r and b music all.


So I was maybe like in eighth grade. So that came, went that I was working with Puff for a rap for a while. Whoa. Oh that bad boy. Yeah. Listen, I know my, my guy's going through a lot, but I gotta give him a lot of credit for helping me of where I'm at today. Like I have to give him his credit because I probably wouldn't be here without the image of him. Right. But You can't take away what he did professionally. Professionally and what he and what he did for me and my life personally. He did a lot for me. And I, you know, tell you about if I have time, like he stuck up for me plenty of times when executives tried to blackball me and things like that. Puff found out about it, step in like, now you're not doing that to my guy, so I gotta give him his credit. So from there we transitioned quick. I had to deal with Motown And I had to deal with Murder Inc. Right. How Many deals did you have?


About four deals. Okay. Starting at eighth Grade. Starting at eighth grade. Ooh. Starting in eighth grade, like I've been doing entertainment for a long time. So now fast forward, lemme just tell you as far as me and Ja, I met Ja on the set of a movie called Turn It Up, Don't remember Turn It Up. Right. You're not gonna remember me in in the movie because they edited me out the movie. So You're not gonna remember me, but you, if you look at the credits, you'll see me in the credits or whatever. So the movie was shot in Canada, so we traveled to Canada, right. I'm there with my, my manager. We're trying to get into Canada. My manager at the time, he gets arrested for some reason he can't get into Canada. You know how that goes. So now I'm just, I'm young, I'm in Canada about to shoot this movie.


I'm by myself. I'm a little nervous. So my trailer is right next to J's trailer. But I would always see Ja in the violator office because we was working with Violator Def Jam, but we never really, you know, knew each other. We saw each other, we passed. So I'm in a trailer, he knocks on my trailer door. So I open up, he go, yo, you sign a Def Jam, you signed a violator. I'm like, nah, my God, my son is, and we doing work over there. He go, man, I hear you here by yourself and your manager got arrested. Listen anything you need, come to my trailer. If you need weed, if you need Hennessy, if you need anything. Ja has been trying to get me high since I met him. Right, right, right. But yeah, I don't do any of that. So from there, Ja And I had a connection that was his first album. Like right before his first album came out, after his album came out, he like blew up and took off and you know, my career was gone wherever it was going.


But anytime we would see each other, it would like, we would stop everything and give each other love. And then I met Chris Gotti, IRVs brother somewhere in the club. And he knew I did music. He said, listen, why don't you come down to the studio? Went to the studio, started recording records with Irv Records, with Ashanti Records with Ja the next, you know, a brotherhood form where although me and Ja came in through entertainment, that's more my brother. Like that's, that's my guy. And I said before my company, chase Republic, we serve as like an independent agency for him. We close a lot of different deals like I do with you. We'll talk about made a lot of money together. But more importantly, that's that's my brother. That's my guy.


So now, so now you, you you get outta music and music never takes off. I see. It's, you can look at it that way, right? You tell me, Well, I had the transition. I always say this, right? Somebody can ask you like, how do you view success? Right? So in your eyes you may say, Harry yo as a artist wasn't successful. And that's fine, you can see it that way. I don't view it that way. I view it as I came in, in the entertainment business in eighth grade. I made a life out of it. I'm sitting here doing an interview on The Breakfast Club. I'm not a rapper, I'm not a, I always known you as an executive. Like that's how I always looked at Harry o as an exec. I never, I never even knew anything about no rapper.


Like the Eve being a dj. Yeah, it is been plenty of times where like I would have to wait for e outside of the radio station, try to get music played. Like we have that relationship. You And I met later on in life as being an entertainment exec's. Same thing with Lauren. Like you And I met, first conversation I had with you, it says, listen, I could possibly make some money with you. Right? Yeah. And that's how it went. But e just knows a little bit of the backstory. Gotcha. Yeah. So it all depends on how you wanna look at it as far as like you're not being successful. But listen, I made a life for it. My daughter, listen, I paid her tuition for entertainment. Do you understand her private school tuition, which we all know is very expensive all through entertainment. So someone ask, Hey, weren't you weren't successful?


I don't know. I wouldn't say that. See I think I'm from pretty well, oh, You probably about to ask this because then I'm interested to know. So from the artist's perspective then you transition into the executive side because of the relationships and what is that transition? 'cause you started at eight and executive is an adult making real adult decisions, right? Well it's, it's twofold to it, right? As I said, I've been a college professor teaching communication courses now with communication to understand the art of connecting with others. Well first connecting with yourself and what we talk about. Once I understood and fully came of who I am a, a higher sense of awareness of me, I understood my abilities, I understood how I can build relationships. So I just started to build and form credible relationships with people.


Building trust, but in a strategic way, not in a manipulative way. Just very strategic. And like I can talk a lot about me and Emmy. 'cause Emmy And I made some money together and our relationship built And I was intentional on how we're building our relationship. So what I did was I just merged The World between entertainment and education and made a life. So, So what is the art of calculated communication and how has that helped you? Okay. Navigate through all those different worlds. So the art of calculated communication and to make, to make it short, 'cause we can talk about this all day, but what I would do is this, right? Say with Lauren for instance, right? I met Lauren at the Brooklyn Nets event.


Now you said, Hey, Lauren's on her way here. Can you send somebody to get it in immediately? I'm like, all right, I know who she is. I absolutely know that we can probably do business with her. Lauren was two hours late, by the way, first of all, I wasn't gonna say Driving, driving to Brooklyn is like driving to another planet and it was raining call. But what do hours do? I'll pull up for y'all three hours later. Not, We had an event in in the Barclay Center for the Brooklyn Nets, which are one of my partners. And I hire E to do different events. So e while we are there, he's like, listen, Norman's on the way, can you send somebody to get a, you know how difficult it is to get someone inside the Barclay Center when it's closed? Like it's really closed at this point. But I understand I have to be a little bit strategic.


I wanna build a relationship with this, you know, young lady and we possibly do business. So we send an executive to go outside and figure it out to get her in. Now as she's in, I understand it takes more than one encounter for us to start building some type of relationship. But we have to have that first encounter. It has to be a genuine encounter. It has to be, maybe someone can help build that bridge between you And I. And I use June. June, Emmy's manager, whoever's listening, I said, June, do me a favor. Let her know. Stamp me. Right? Let her know. So June went to you and said, Hey Harry, this is my guy. That's all I needed to start building some type of communication with you. Now to make it a little bit shorter, in order for Lauren And I to build a relationship, I have to get her to peel back HLA h layers.


I have to try to get to know her. The closer I get to her, the more of a chance I have of doing great business with her. I just can't pick up the phone and say, Hey, I have a bunch of deals for you. She doesn't even know who I am yet. We have to build trust. So I have to get her to peel back less. I have to ask her questions, but if she never responds, like say if I say, Hey, as simple as this, Lauren, how was your day today? Great so far besides dealing with Charlemagne. But other than that, I'm the best father. Her day As far of the day. What are your plans? Tomorrow We have a flight. We're gonna LA for the BET awards. Me and the team at The Breakfast Club. Wow. Well not them, but the producers and stuff. You have a lot of work at the BET awards. We do the latest with Lauren La Roses in the radio room for the first time ever for two days.


Pretty Cool. Congratulations. I love that. Now check this out. Right? So I would have to work a little bit harder now with Lauren because although I asked her these questions And I know we are on air, there's a lot going on. I asked her how was her day, right? And she said how her day was. She didn't say, how was yours too? Oh shoot. Right, sorry. So that's, I'm I, Don was anticipating the next question. I know I would, no, it's fine. I'm interested in knowing about her day, but I wanna see how much interest she's holding in me to know about me as well. And sooner or later that will come. This is our, maybe like our second encounter. But if I can't get you to have that exchange with me, I have to work a lot harder and be more strategic and to get you to communicate with me.


And if you never do that, it's like, all right, this person doesn't have any interest in building with me in this area. I think also too, in business, I've never had a business interaction where my first thought is to say, how was your day? Like most people come to you just like, so like this is what I want, this is what I need. So you just kind of sit and listen and then you try and think through, can I even do that with everything else that have Happening? And that's the problem with communication where I don't want any communication with anyone to feel transactional. And I'm only using NB as example 'cause we made some money and they got me through business en B. And I have a relationship where NB called me at five o'clock in the morning and we're talking about dance, we, we are not even talking about business, we're talking about dance. She's like, yo, did you do this with your daughter?


Yo, look at these classes. Check this out. How did it get there? It got there through strategic communication and connecting and building. If every time I see E it's just, hey, I got A, you got B. Sooner or later if I don't have a anymore or I'm in the downside, I can't get E to really pick up my calls. 'cause we don't have a connection. If I'm making sense here. Yeah, You Are making sense. But I will say I hate small talk. Right? So when I heard that conversation with you and Lauren, I'm like, okay, what does he want? Yes, that's what I was thinking too. You know what I'm saying? I'd rather you just get to it. And I don't think there's anything wrong with transactional conversation. Like, you know, if you have something to offer me and you think that I'm a person that can help you execute something, bring it to the table.


That's intentional conversation. Now here's the thing that may work in your professional world. It may not work in your personal life though because communicate, listen to understand communication will be the key to your professional and your personal life. That may be okay for your business relationship. But not every personal relationship, not the somebody that's just trying to build a genuine friendship with, you don't want it to feel transactional. So That's what you trying to, you, you're trying to build a personal relationship with Lauren. Well, for me, my success comes when I'm building a relationship with a person where we have some type of friendship. Got you, got you. If We have some type of, some kind of friendship, like we don't have to talk at five o'clock in the morning, but if we have some type of connection, some type of friendship is a higher ratio that we can do great business together.


I think people, there are some people that would argue against that though, because Emini here, I think too, it's, it's kind of like the background that you have, like knowing the type of like music and era that you come from. You value that. But a lot of people don't have values today. So it's like, I don't wanna be your friend. If we're gonna do business, we'll do it. And then we determine what that looks like after. Now I will say this though, the the one thing for, for people listening to me, Harry o is like Steve Stout, right? And when I say like Steve Stout, that Might not be a good thing for some people. No. Well, Lemme, lemme lemme tell you, I'm gonna tell you one more part of Steve Stout Emini here. He's, he connects businesses to people, to talent. Okay? So for instance, okay, he, he had a, one of his clients was East New York, which was a show that was on out of channel nine or whatever it was.


And he calls me one day and was like, EI have a part for you in this, in this show. I'm like, bro, I'm not acting. I've taken acting lessons a long time. He was like, nah, I really want you to read the script and try it. Right? And I'm like, because of our relationship I was like, you know, lemme give it a shot, right? And when I did it, it went well. They love me. They wanted to bring me back for more episodes. But what impressed me more was, you know, I know Harry o from a street rapper, like from the Bronx, like gangster rapper. So, but to see him being a guy that's in the middle of East New York and me, we are in the trailer, but he's teaching a class in the middle of me shooting on his as a professor. And I'm like, this is amazing because you see how people evolve.


You know what? Emini here and a lot of people don't evolve. A lot of people still want to be the toughest, hardest rapper at, you know, whatever age. And it just doesn't make sense. And I appreciated that. I'm like, 'cause he revolved. But that relationship, like you said, was the reason why I trusted you to try East New York. Yeah, absolutely. And to Lauren's point, listen. Yeah. When we discussing communication sha and everyone, it's all theoretical, like what I'm saying may not work with you or resonate with you. Right. It just happens that it resonates with me and it's been proven to be successful for me. And like I said, I'm glad e like mentioned that because he is a testament to what I'm saying as far as how to, we built this relationship where it's trust. I call him and say, Vy I, I'm gonna put you on tv is a, is a network.


We are doing this cop show want you to act in it. Alright, cool. After we discuss whatever the, the logistics are, he doesn't even have to think anymore because he's like, you know what? I trust Harry O but we built our relationship to that point. Yeah. And I was intentional about that. Yeah. I get what you're saying. Like the establish a real connection. I think the establish a real connection has to be some form of real communication. Yeah. Yes. Absolutely. Absolutely. And I think guard too depends on, 'cause like there are certain times where like if people approach me to do certain things and they say that they've worked with Charlemagne or Envy, I'll call them and say, Hey, do you know this person? Like, is it because nowadays too, because you, I turned to this chapter or page in your book you talk about like the influencer, you talk about like media being the beauty and then the beast being society because of the way that things are distorted or like shown online with people in business, you never know what's real and what's fake.


So it's like you gotta kind of like hold up what you want before you even be like, let me allow you to enter what I've worked on. Right? Absolutely. And for me it is building your reputation. I'm not sure if you heard the saying, people meet your reputation before they meet you real. Right. Your reputation, my reputation is in this room before I walked in. That's the only reason I was able to get it. So I know building my reputation, that's a form of knowing how I connect with myself, knowing how I see me and how what I project for others to see. And if my reputation is solid, people will vouch for it. So yes. Absolutely. And we rep, excuse me, I I mentioned media and manipulation in the book as well, which is really, really important. And if I have some time, can I touch on it?


Of course. Alright. 'cause in the book I mentioned, I brought up Sean in the book and the shooting that, that happened x amount of years ago. And this is really important that I don't want it to seem as like I'm poking a hole at shine or picking at wounds, anything like that. Now Sean was arrested for what? Like what did he get arrested for? What did, what did he do time for was charged with. So it was Assault or some, A man shooting a gun. Look it up. Okay. Discharging a illegal firearm that's want somebody else to say that's all. Okay. Yeah. That's, That's what I believe. Discharged an illegal firearm. I think it was. All Right. So what happened? Meaning what led him to do that?


And it's not only that Shana had these issues or that had these issues. The young, a lot of young people in our hip hop culture had these issues. Now let me connect it to media manipulation and representation. Media, how we describe it is any way you receive information, any way you receive thoughts, right? So it could be the movies you watch, it could be the music you're listening to. So if you are young and you are not understanding exactly who you are yet you're not connecting with yourself. But every time you see you, it's in the wire. It's on these it shows of these criminal shows. All the music you're listening to is telling you who you are. You have to be this, you have to be that.


All of these images in media creates a distorted image of who you supposed to be. Yeah. And but that distorted image can cause a real life consequence for you. So when I look at somebody like Sean and others, And I can recall like Sean saying, and the reason why I brought it up 'cause I was, I was there like I was, I was there for this whole thing. I remember Sean saying to someone, I'm not gonna mention a person's name, but he said, I need people to see me and respect me the way they respect Jay-Z. Right? And it's like, all right, but what you know of Jay-Z is Yeah, you don't get that from busing your gun, But something manipulated him to feel that way. Mm. Right To do that.


So, but it's all about what he's seeing in the media and the music you're listening to and the TV show you're watching. All of this is polluting how you feel about you and who you think you have to be. I have to be this. I need you. No, I'm not Rick Ross the the officer, I'm Rick Ross. I need you to see me like that. But all of that is manipulating you. And if you not understanding who you are, it's gonna cause a real life consequence for you. And that's what happened with Sean. So,


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare, it's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fm, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Hey, This is Jenny Garth from I Do Part Two Ozempic and a Pill. It's Oral Semaglutide and is now available from Future Health. Go to future health.com to get affordable access to Oral Semaglutide, Ozempic and Zep Bound for only $3 a day. No insurance needed. Visit future health.com future without the E to start losing this week. Future health weight loss data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. That means when you buy a Toyota, you can feel confident that your investment will last. Toyota has dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, including the 2025 Tacoma Tundra and forerunner, the plugin hybrid RAV4, and even the hot news sra. These five models rank in the top 10 for resale value of all vehicles according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com and have a retained value after five years that is thousands higher than the average vehicle. So after countless carpools road trips and off-road adventures, your Toyota will still have plenty to give both on the road and towards your wallet. Shop. Buy a toyota.com for a great deal on the vehicle that's right for you today and tomorrow. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co. Inc. Toyota. Let's go places


Like when I look at you right, this is the brown girl grinding, right? It's important that I brought my daughter here today to see what we see in this box. What we see. This is a beautiful brown sister who bullied her way onto the show who's making noise, making moves. She's covering the did de trial and she's killing her. Outfits are crazy. Crazy in a good way. What Emini here? A no Crazy. In a good way. Crazy in a way. I knew it at you crazy. Harry got me, got me. I what? He said No wait the word cocaine in my flowers. Like please relax, be I'm buying 10 books now. So no, in as we are viewing her in in media, we are looking at her. This image is important because a brown girl is watching and and seeing that and that reality is something that she can obtain and is something that's authentic outside of that.


It can cause a disruption if you understand what I'm saying. So now I gotta ask you, with Murder Inc. For a long time, how was the passing of Irv have affected you? Because you know, Irv in and out and we've had conversations about it and conversations about his health. So how has that affected you? Well, with the passing of Irv, it's still like in disbelief, right? When I'm talking about Irv or we Mm. You know, up in conversation to say like, alright, rest in peace Irv God. Like it's really weird still now the passing of him, I see how it affects me and everyone around. Like I am very, very, very close with Ja, right? And Irv And I we're really cool, but I'm closer with Ja. It affect me because in this way no one may not know this outside of his family.


Irv is such a family, family man, right? I have never seen a family as close as his in my life. Wow. I've never seen it. So, and he was like the hero of the family and for, and no disrespect to anyone else in the family that's doing great things, but he was like a hero. And so for the hero to pass and see how that affects the family dynamic, it made me, how it affects me. It may become closer with my family. Like Irv is the type where listen, if it was holidays, his house is packed with the whole family, not just him and the kids.


It's nieces, it's nephews, it's aunts and uncles. It's like 30 people running around his house. And it was just a loving, loving, loving family. A lot of people didn't see that side of you see Murder Inc. You see the music or you see the problems with the 50 cent or whatever, so on and so forth. But the guy was an amazing family man. And to watch that and as a father, yeah it affects me because like I want to be closer with my family, the way Irv is with his family. So that's how I would say the family. You know what's interesting when you talk about the art of communication, like I liked the way Irv communicated. It may have rubbed some people the wrong way, but I like it 'cause it's direct. Like when we talked about how, you know, it was intentional. He wasn't the small talker.


It was this is what we doing, this is how we doing it, this is how I think it should go. Right. I like that. No, listen. Absolutely. It's something to be admired there. Everyone has different strategies on how they communicate. Irv being direct may work for him with certain people, but I'm quite sure it didn't work with every, I'm sorry it didn't work with everyone. Yeah, yeah. Right. But so it all depends on what your style is. And I was thinking about something. Yeah, some people don't like small talk and, and that's fine. Like in the book I mentioned a term called farming and hunting. Those are different ways of nurturing and relationship. When we are cutting a small talk out with I'm hunting, I know exactly what I want.


I know what you have, we know we can make that work. But every relation doesn't work like that. Sometimes we have to farm, we have to plant seeds. I don't know where the relationship may go, but I know we can possibly build. So I'm gonna plant seeds then we just water the seeds, water the seeds and next thing you know we are eating off the fruit from the seeds and it's really important. Yes, I'm an entertainment executive. So all we're talking about is how these theories affect in business. It's in your personal life as well. If a young man is trying to get to know a young lady or vice versa is ways you go about that. You have to be intentional. You have to be strategic. Yes. What is your goal by dating this woman That's transaction cut the small talk.


It doesn't work like that in your personal life. Right? Right, right. You have to farm. Your daughter is seeing someone, your oldest daughter, they not engaging nothing like that. No Uhuh. Alright. I'm sorry He's 23. He's 23. Right. But that young gentleman, he had to farm the relationship. Correct. With Madison. Right? He had to farm. It wasn't a transactional hunting relationship, it doesn't work like that. He had to be intentional farm plant seeds, whatever those seeds are, check up on it, know her birthday, know her dad's birthday, so on and so forth. So farming and hunting are two different ways of building a relationship. And you talk about the difference between interpersonal and interpersonal. Oh yes.


So the first form of communication, the most important form is your intrapersonal. I-N-T-R-A. That's the conversation within. That's right. How you see yourself, how do you connect with yourself? What do you think about yourself? How do you evaluate yourself? If you can't evaluate, if you don't possess the belief to self-evaluate, then you're at a disconnect with you. So everything, how I feel and think about me, that's my intra will depict my inter my interpersonal relationship. So you know, charlamagne, you say something that hurt people, hurt people. You say that a lot, right? It's something internally that's at a disconnect.


So since they're at a disconnect internally, they add a disconnect externally with others. So when you understand who you are in your intra and you're reaching the highest level of who that person is, you understand who you are, you understand what you can do. And I understand how to connect, I can connect with others better because I connect with myself at a certain level. So intra depicts how your inter right will turn out. You also talk about in your book Hip hop and how it shaped you as a man, both good and bad. How does that speak to your communication? Wow. All right. So yes, hip hop, it aided me on a path to self-actualization of being the man who I am today.


And I mentioned this in the book and I'm gonna get the gentleman credit where I heard the term And I tell you, yes, hip hop got me on this path, but I have to have accountability and understand that also some of that content in the music could have caused a self-destruction, some form of self-destruction. Like some of the artists we were, you know, I was mentioning in the book I mentioned are we the heroes or are we the villains? And I heard this term through a a pac No it was a Ted talk by the guy Lecrae. And we're gonna make a documentary about it. Ree suit to him. Yeah. Salute to him. So I wanna give him his credit. He mentioned hiphop. Are we the heroes or are we the villains? Are we reason why I mentioned this?


Yes, I'm a child of hiphop. I have to credit hip hop for being taking me where I am. But also there's things in the music that's villain like that can cause you on the wrong destruction, wrong path. We glorify the person that's coming home from jail before we glorify the person that's going away to college. Right? We do a lot of that in this music. So are we the heroes or are we the villains? Now what's the difference between a hero and a villain? A hero has the same attributes as a villain, but a hero becomes a a, a person becomes a villain through trauma. Some type of trauma can make you become a villain. You look at anything in nonfiction or fiction, Batman, his parents got killed and he became this, if you seen the joke or something happened, he became a villain for these reasons.


What turned hip hop music villain. Like the crack epidemic. The crack epidemic as far as in my theory in this documentary with shooting the crack epidemic sh shaped and destroyed hip hop music into the way where it turned to, into more villain like and the music and the content that's in it. So are we the heroes or are we the villains? I understand that hip hop made me a hero, but I also understand some of it could have made me a villain as well In in my last book. Get Honest or Die Lying. Why Small Talk Sucks? I have a whole chapter with the, basically the same thing. I'm just exploring hip hop's ability to be a positive and self-destructive force.


Listen, like literally like I think that if you come, if you're a certain age, at some point we gotta have some accountability At at some point m I'm glad we feel the same way because at some point you have to have accountability. I'm never dis dis disrespecting my hip hop music. It made me who I am. Yep. But yes, there are images, it's things that we put up on a pedestal. If we don't have accountability, we are causing poison if we don't know how to steer that ship in the right direction. But is It also how it's cultivated? Right. And the reason I I say that is if I put a gun on the table and you use a gun, that could be a negative thing. But if I teach somebody how to use the gun the proper way and the right way and what to use it for, it's a positive thing.


Same thing with hiphop, right? Yes. Hiphop. All those images we've all seen all, all seen. But my parents, especially my dad, cultivated me to look at things a certain way. I never sold crack, I never sold drugs. You know, I never used coke or crack or nothing like that because my dad cultivated to me to like, no, this is what this is for. These are messages from here, but that's not you. Yeah. Don't make that you. Right. You see what I'm saying? So it's, Nah, it's two different sides. I definitely forget it. It's, it's all about how You, with your daughter, your daughter dances, she listens to hip hop music and I'm sure she might dance to some stuff that's a little salacious. But you tell her this is cool for this, but that's not, you Listen and there's a job like you just said, yo, your dad, your dad was dead. Like I always say, you know how you take a kid bowling and they gotta put the barriers up so the ball can go down.


That's what parents are, right? We are the barriers and we need both. That's right. We need both. You could have one parent and that ball could still gutter that way. Right? We are the barriers to keep the kids going forward. So your dad was that to let you know like, yeah, this is what The World is, but that's not what's good for you. Listen, there were times, yeah, my daughter dance and she dance at the hip hop and she's not gonna remember this. We are getting in the car And I wouldn't play no hip hop in the car at all. None whatsoever. When she was younger, when she was maybe 4, 5, 6. It's not gonna be certain shows on tv. No disrespect to any of the shows, but certain shows, excuse me, certain shows wouldn't be on television. 'cause I'm trying to shape her mind to see a certain way.


Now we can listen to certain music because I see that the barriers are working. I see who this young lady is. So yeah, we could listen to hip hop And I would rather her listen to, you know, Drake than over some other artists. But yeah, we have to be those barriers because in hip hop we could be the heroes or we could be the villains. That is a fact seductive communication. You leave that chapter blank in the book. Yeah. Why? It just has to be continued. Right? So when I first wrote the book, I wrote the book in 2020 during the pandemic when I started. Now as a college professor, there's different chapters in the book, right? So I'm gonna answer your question quickly. We start off with intrapersonal communication, the conversation within.


So if I'm teaching a class and it's the first day of the semester And I say, all right Charlotte, welcome to my class. Did you take any communication courses before mine? And you may say, yeah, I took a a leadership in communication class. I'm like, that was your first communication class. Communication should be taught with prerequisites in a certain order, right? So the first order is intra, then I go into enter. Then I speak about culture and communication. I speak about media and communication, power and leadership. I'm taking you on a journey. Seductive communication is sort of like the final level of the book on how you use seduction to communicate and not seduction in a sense of a sexual form.


Just knowing how to seduce someone's mind to navigate in a certain way. And the reason why I left it blank. 'cause I have to be a part two to the book now. Come on. Gotta be a part two to the book. Now as a, as a professor, right? You know, I look at college courses is sometimes outdated. Yes. Right. And that bothers me a lot, especially with my kids, you know, going to college because a lot of things that they want to learn or that they're into, a lot of times these colleges don't necessarily teach. Right. My first major was communications. I left communications and went to business management and marketing. But for me, what I wanted to learn for communications wasn't helping me with what I wanted to do. Right, right. Communications was a lot of reading, a lot of intro, a lot of this, a lot of that.


But I wanted to be hands on with, with this stuff like that. So talk about some of the courses that you think should be in college and some of the things that should be taken out of college. Right. That's a, that's great. 'cause I have no, no Disrespect. A lot of the algorithms that I learned in college, I don't use, I've never used. And if I have to, I have a, a computer that will do it for you. Absolutely. Now it's two parts. I'm, I wanna get into now some of the courses that in college I have to be really careful 'cause I'm still a college professor. Okay. And I don't want the college to be listened right now. So I do believe there should be more entrepreneurial courses in college. We are going to need AI courses in college. We are gonna need real estate courses in college. You're gonna need these things in colleges now.


I believe certain colleges are doing it. Yes. Ja rule's son. Shout out to Jordy. He just graduated from SCAD in a, in Atlanta. That's Savannah. Savannah, yeah. I'm sorry. Savannah. And he was home for his sister's wedding. And we were in the kitchen at J'S house and he was saying how all these different courses that he's taken that's got that it was never available to me as a student. So some of the courses that we're talking about e like we've been out, we've been removed from college for a little bit. Some of these colleges are doing that. Mm. Like teaching him how to code. He can build games, he can do all the things that I would never even thought of. Think about Art school. I, I know because my daughter's been talking about, she like, that's the school she Looking at. But like, even when JA talks, he's like, listen, I visited the campus and I'm like, I've never seen a school like this.


So yeah, I do think we need those particular courses. Now let me just rewind as far as like a communication course. I mentioned in the book, I credit Eddie Murphy to where I, to one of the reasons I'm here today in the movie Boomerang, like Boomerang is one of my favorite movies. He seemed like he was a marketing executive. He garnered so much attention from women. He was smart. He was, he was everything. I'm watching this and this goes back to my representation. I'm watching this movie, I'm like, I want to, I wanna do that. I, I wanna know how to do that. So I was in college at the time, so I went to my, my, my counselor. I said, listen, in this movie, this guy Eddie Murphy played Marcus Graham, he's a marketing executive.


How do I get into marketing? She said, well, you need to understand what communication is to understand what marketing is. I said, well sign me up for all communication courses. X amount of years later I'm doing marketing strategies for my own company. So I needed that course. I needed these courses to be able to do what I'm doing now. Gotcha. Gotcha. Well tell 'em where they could get this book, brother. You can get the book on Amazon, right? If you're listening, you could just type in Harold Wilkerson. If you type in Harry o, nothing's gonna come up A lot will come up. It be a bunch of y'all bunch use homie from death row. And People always make that mistake too. But that's a different story.


Yeah. But you can get the book on Amazon in the Search engines. Just put it's Beyond Words by Harold Wilkerson and it'll pop up. So please get the book. And one of the lessons I want you to understand and learn, I to leave it off, I closed deals with the WNBA And I closed deals with the NBA from going over six, six to seven seasons now. And it all started for me attending one basketball game. I attended a game and it went from the person who handed me my ticket to go sit on the floor. And through strategic and intentional communication, I started closing deals with the CEO of the New York Liberty, the CEO of the Brooklyn Nets.


Like it went from attending, like how do you attend a game? And then fast forward you closing deals with the owners and CEOs of Wwn, BS and NBAs. And you hear all that when you pick up the book. Mm. All right. Harry, old ladies and gentlemen pick up the book. It's Beyond Words available now. Yes, sir. Appreciate you, brother. Thank You. Do I get like the whole thing when they be like, yo, tomorrow I'm gonna be on The Breakfast Club. Can we, can we close out the show first? Oh, I'm sorry. It's Harry. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club


Does friendly have a taste. If it does, it's probably like hello's, peppermint flavored anti plaque and whitening toothpaste. Brush away plaque show tartar whose boss and remove surface stains to naturally whiten hello's, thoughtful and flavor forward products. Make brushing your teeth. Feel like a confetti filled bathroom dance party. So say hello to Hello with the always cruelty free, never tested on animal toothpaste that's made to spread smiles. Visit hello products.com and let hello add some everyday yay into your life.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelly Blue books kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose Value Shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's Go places.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank na and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


Hey, this is Jenny Garth from I Do Part Two, Ozempic and a Pill. It's Oral Semaglutide and is now available from Future Health. Go to future health.com to get affordable access to Oral Semaglutide, Ozempic, and Zep Bound for only $3 a day. No insurance needed. Visit future health.com future without the E to start losing this week. Future health weight loss data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.