
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions


Happening now on the iHeart app. We're turning up the heat on all the smoke. As vice president and Democratic presidential nominee, Kamala Harris pulls up to the show. You do me great honor to be here. Thank you. Thank you. You know her as the trailblazer making history, but now she's ready to drop some knowledge in real. Talk about the 2024 race. How do you protect your mental space? Number One rule, don't read the comments Been nasty. This episode is gonna hit different. Search all the smoke in the free iHeart Radio app and listen to this groundbreaking interview now.


My name is Brandon Kyle Goodman. I'm a black gay, non-binary author TV writer actor. And, I'm messy, but not in the way you think. Messy as in I'm human and flaw. I'm on a mission to destroy shame around sex. And the only way to do that is to talk about sex. So that's what we'll do on my brand new podcast. Tell me something messy. Join me on Tell Me Something Messy. With brand new episodes every Thursday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Daphne Cara Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was assassinated Crooks everywhere earths the plot to murder a one woman. WikiLeaks, she exposed the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafias state. Listen to Crooks everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. To listen to new episodes one week early and 100% ad free. Subscribe to the iHeart True Crime Plus channel available exclusively on apple Podcasts.


Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your Horizons hip play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast s Sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts. Sniffy Cruising Confessions. S Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to S Sniffy Cruising Confessions sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast Club. All right. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is on maternity leave. So Lauren Oz is filling in and we got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. So ladies and gentlemen, the baby back. Yes sir. It, it's a pleasure to be here man. Pleasure to be here. How you feeling my brother? I'm feeling great You. know what I mean? Wouldn't rather be nowhere else right now. I'm happy to have you here man. For That's for sure. You got the New Mixtape. How the fuck is this A Mixtape on Now I the fuck is this a Mixtape? I'm still trying to figure this shit out. That's an album man. It should have been an album. Why not? Trying to figure this shit out right now. Why not an album? You know we wanted to, we wanted to warm the pop back up. You know and, and really more than anything, it's more of like a reintroduction You. know what I'm saying? To to all the listeners, to the fans, to the supporters, to the the newcomers You.


know what I mean? It's just a reintroduction. I feel like You know I done been away from so long. It's my first time putting my heart in a project in like four years. So You know I wanted to no features. I ain't want to, I ain't wanted to. It ain't got nothing to do with no rollout. No, none of that You know what I'm saying? I wanted to just give him my authentic self. Be completely transparent You. know what I mean? And reintroduce the listeners to me and as a person, You know what I mean? Beyond the artist and You know who move forward from there. And then we come with the album right after though. Don't get it. Yeah. Don't get it. I see you, you, you, you take the, the music as like, I would say how the essence used to be. Right? Right. The reason I say that is you do the mixtapes. You do the freestyles. Yeah. You pop up in the clubs. Yeah. Even when it's a paid appearance and not paid in appearance. Absolutely. You still get a, a whole lot of money to perform, but you still go to the small venues.


Absolutely. Why is all of that so important? 'cause we don't see that with a lot of artists these days. The the most important thing about all that shit is being able to connect directly with the fan base You. know what I'm saying? Everything else is, is Clouded You know when you talk playlist and when you talk this and that, all that shit got politics and, and factors that come into play that You know that that control You know how, how visible your music is or what have you. You know when, when it come to freestyle, I can give you current energy, I can touch on, on current topics and everything. I can give it boom, straight to you. I don't gotta wait, I don't gotta upload it, wait for the DSPs to get time to service it and all that, all that extra shit. Shout out to 'em when they do do it. You get what I'm saying? Yeah. But sometimes You know when it come to this art with, with music, you want to just get it straight to the consumer You.


know what I mean? Like you to know how I'm feeling today. What's the Difference between, for the consumer, what's the difference between a Mixtape and the album Nowadays? They don't give, they don't fucking know You know what I'm saying? It just all about You know how you hype it up ahead of time. You know what I mean? And of course like a album is is You know. It's presumed to be, to be something that's just extra, just just a large, a large thing You know what I mean? In a moment that's coming, but I, I like, I'm more of a spontaneous person You know what I'm saying? So I like the boom, just pop out with it and then yeah, let the music speak for itself and, and let it catch up with me. Kind of like how it popped out with this one. Like You know I'm seeing, I'm, I'm like, what a week in come midnight, it'll be a week that it done been out. But You know I'm, I'm slowly but surely seeing people You know what I mean? Understand like the type of body of work that I just put out.


And that's what it's all about to me. Like that that mean more than You know it being on this playlist for a day or for a week You know what I'm saying? Because somebody done broke bread or, or You know this or that You know what I'm saying? So I like, I like the organic And I really want it. The organic. I want an organic climb back You. know what I'm saying? To the top, that's what I want because then it's not You know. I understand it for exactly what it is, But you keep talking about being canceled. You keep talking about being at the bottom, climbing Back to the top. I ain't talking about it no more, But what I'm saying, but what I, maybe I wasn't paying attention. I ain't see it that Way, man. That's the, i i I don't see it that way. I appreciate that from you. I saw my, because I know you don't, you don't fuck around. Yeah. You saw it. I saw it. Yeah. What you see now? What did you See? I I mean I feel like I, I don't believe in cancel culture. Right? Completely.


But I did feel like there was a time where you were like there, it was like quiet a bit and we weren't seeing you out as much because I forgot at one time you had the festival run. It was all the baby like Absolutely. Like if it was a festival, it had to be you Mixtape dropping music, music, music songs. And then it just got really quiet after the whole situation. And now I feel like I, I see you slowly, like you're dropping the, your, your freestyles online, you're dropping the content. I watch you do that a lot and now we're here with the tape and you running back around. So I think it's coming back around why we Acting like Shake something Didn't happen. Yeah, nah, for sure something Did happen. But no, it happened. But even, even with that happen happened later. But I thought that that was gonna be the pop back out and it was, it did amazing. But even then, I think because people attached to you as a person, 'cause you're You know you're very animated.


People like to hear you talk. We didn't get that. During that you kind of did a little bit, but now you're your interviews for sure you're talking to people for sure. Sure. That's how I perceived it. You could let me know if I would, if that's All Nah, it's now with a lot of that you Correct. Except for like with the freestyles, I never stopped that. Like that was really the only thing I could do off the rip. That was my way to boom, keep doing what I'm doing. But when it come to like festivals and shit like that, that shit's controlled You know what I mean? Like somebody can somebody press the button You. know what I'm saying? Yeah. Somebody press the button. You get what I'm saying? And I gotta navigate my way through that. However, I navigate my way through that, that ain't something I can just You know. But in, in terms of everything else, right? When it come to like press or like how I go about marketing music or whatever, like I really got into space to where I I I was falling outta love with, with the art You.


Know what I'm saying? Of creating music and putting music out because of the politics and everything else that came with it. It made me You. know what I'm saying? I'm like, shit, this ain't, this ain't, this ain't something I even enjoy doing at this point. You get what I'm saying? I go from being an artist to a politician over fucking night You. know what I mean? I ain't no damn politician. Like that ain't what I've never even, that ain't never even been my brand. You get what I'm saying? Even my brand, I always been like, I've always been that nigga that's gone. I can't believe that nigga just said that. You get what I'm saying? I'm gonna say something that a lot of people would think You know what I mean in the music, but I'm gonna say it. I'm I'm a, before you even realize how crazy I'm talking it, you already enjoying the vibe of the music or whatever, right. You know what I mean? And in terms of shake something you is correct because my whole plan when I dropped that was to follow up immediately.


We was supposed to boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, You know what I mean? I've never been to You know drop a song and sit back and You know and and and hold my nuts and God damn You. know what I'm saying? And God, yeah, look at that song I just dropped. So yeah, You know this what it is. Or I would've came in and dropped Suge and set the fuck back for two years. Like a lot of these niggas do. But I dropped my first three projects You know what I'm saying? As a mainstream artist, six months apart, number one, number one, number one album, number one album top streaming artist in The, World World. Yeah. Stop streaming rap in The. World 2020 You. know what I'm saying? So my, my fans have always been conditioned to receive my music in high volume You know what I'm saying? Like I always boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. I don't really sit on nothing. So definitely You know. And like I say, like a big thing with this project, how the fuck is this Mixtape You know what I'm saying?


And, and just with me and how I'm living right now, the space I'm in, I is, I'm in a, I'm in a, a era of accountability. Like when it come to myself, so You know, I I just said this shit yesterday with talking to somebody. Like I appreciate the fans for holding me accountable and not letting me You know settle and put out bullshit and, and get away with it. They know what I You know, they know what I got to offer, but dis You know what I'm saying? No disrespect, but I I always felt like f those people. Right. Facts. Nothing. Facts. Facts. Because there's your core fans facts and people that love you, right? And during that time when, when it felt like you was going through it, I felt like your core still supported you. It wanted, wanted to show you even more that they supported you. And I dropped the fucking ball You know what I mean? Even, even when I, I would see you outside and people coming up to you.


It's a difference. The crossover shit. Yeah. Yeahs, of course they're gonna be fickle, but your fans stayed in that, in that Absolutely. And that church with you regardless. Absolutely. And, I, And, I seen that. And the reason I seen that is we seen this with a lot of artists, right? When they don't fuck with their core, right. And they feel like they're bigger than their core. They leave their core, they you smack back to reality. Absolutely. I never seen that with you. Which I always respected You. know what I mean? Nah, for sure, for sure. Nah, that's, I I agree a hundred percent You know what I'm saying? I agree a hundred percent. And You know, and that's, that's part of the hold myself accountable for You. know what I'm saying? Like the way that I allowed shit to take place over the past four years, I could have put out a body of work like how the fuck is this a Mixtape immediately after the controversy, you get what I'm saying? And boom, trumped all that shit. Like that's, that's light the shit that I done did while being a mainstream artist.


Like while I was the, the most You, know what I mean? Talked about artists in the game, the shit that I was doing at the same time. Like I'll go You know what I mean? Like I, I don't even be trying to bring this shit up like I whoop a nigga ass on camera, then go get on the cover of Billboard magazine the next day, You know what I'm saying? Like all type of shit like this. I'm telling you. Like that's why I thought so I promise you like this shit is public record. Like I can't wait till this documentary come out. So it's like for me to even You know, for me to even allow myself to get, to get tricked in to being in the space to where I feel like You know I'm at the mercy of some motherfuckers who ain't, who don't understand me as an artist anyway because anybody who is a fan of me, they already know. Yeah. It ain't nothing I could say that that'll throw them off to the point to where they're, oh wait, you're a bad person where I'm turning my back and ain't no way.


I didn't say it worse. You get what I'm saying? But how how bad did it get? 'cause on the album you talk about of course you always talk about the money. You were getting 500 a show and then it dropped so much. Oh yeah, that how bad did it get to the point? Where did you think about You know what I'm, I lost money. I was finna get my jet. I was finna get all type of shit. I already had it. You know, figured out it. Yeah, I done talk about this plenty of times. But If you If you. But after fall you talking about I'm talking about the paper I'm talking Hell yeah. I ain't talking about the You know. I mean me, the music ain't never went nowhere. Like I You know, I'm, I'm into demonstrating on a regular You. know what I'm saying? Anytime. Like anytime I feel like You know motherfuckers got me fucked, fucked up. When they, when they get the, the the, when they get the love and the the attention from the media when they see that shit shifting, they get that shit confused with You know who I am as an artist and what I gotta offer as a artist.


That's when I get in that mo like these niggas got me fucked up. I'm doing this song and this one I'm gonna pick the hottest songs out and I'm gonna burn them bitches down. You get what I'm saying? And then I just leave everybody in. Oh you see it, you see it. The shit do 20 million views on damn Instagram. I wouldn't even put the shit out on YouTube, none of that. Or I go do it on somebody platform or whatever. And I would just leave it at that. But like I say that, that all go back to me just holding myself accountable because I could apply that same amount of pressure to my own individual work. And that's why I come with this Mixtape instead of a three pack or a single, I'm like, fuck that. I wanna put a whole tape out. And it went from, I mean, originally what we was gonna do, bro, we was gonna do what like five, six songs. Ah, overnight You, know what I'm saying?


Within like a week like man, hell no I got 14 You. know what I'm saying? And shots to my team. 'cause they ain't, they finally like, yo nigga do you You know what I mean? They like do you So I'm like nah, I got 14 of 'em and all this is shit that I just recorded. So it's current energy, it's all the way there. And that's the way I prefer to put the music out You. know what I'm saying? You was telling us how bad it got though. You said yeah bad. But it ain't nothing I'm dwelling. It ain't nothing I'm dwelling on. You know And, I don't really wanna speak on that 'cause I'm ready for 'em to start giving me, giving me the five and the four. I feel like You've been past that though. I didn't even realize it was four years. That feel like longer Than that. It's that long ass time. You get what I'm saying? Long ass time. I, I done had two kids. I had two more kids. Like my baby's talking running around shit. You know they don't need one of my babies. Don't even know I'm a rapper.


Like my 4-year-old, she saw me on tv. Man it, it fucked her up. Let's to my daddy, daddy you got a song. I say yo baby had to tell her mama like you won't, you ain't told my baby or daddy a fucking superstar with the you got going on You. know what I mean? But nah, it's all good man. Like You know more than anything man. I'm, I'm grateful to be here and then at the same time I'm going through so much real shit personally. Yeah. That like, I needed that You know what I mean? Because like me, like You know I'm, I'm, I'm one way, I'm missed the tunnel vision. Like when I got my mindset on something like it's, it is, it ain't too much at all that can, it was nothing that was gonna stop me from You. know what I'm saying? From getting what my heart desired You know what I mean? But if that ain't healthy for me, for my mental, for my, for my spiritual.


If that ain't healthy for me, You know I I'm going to run into a motherfucking brick wall. You know it's a downward spiral. And, and You know once you, once you come up off of that You know that's a, that's a beautiful space to be in You know what I mean? And that's where I'm at right now. You know, I mean And, I feel like Everything hit you at once. Like You know that all that situation happened. But then like you said, real life issues like grief from your brother, That happened first. So a lot of motherfuckers ain't understanding like they You know I was really getting kicked while I was down You. know what I mean? Like niggas ain't even no one just because of like how You know how I carry it. Like I'm not, I wasn't working looking for sympathy. I wasn't looking for none of that You know what I'm saying? Like, so it's, yeah, I, I was hustling to, to God divert my attention from the, the real life shit I was going through You. know what I mean?


But every year of me being, especially the first two years, my most successful You, know what I'm saying, time period in the game. Like I took, I took the biggest losses of my life You know what I'm saying? I lost my father 2019 right after I dropped You. know what I'm saying? My debut project right after You know what I mean, month after. And then my brother 2020 while I'm the top streaming rapper in The, World You. know what I mean? And then the next year, boom, the the the whole big, the whole big cancel culture shit the very next year. So it's boom, boom, boom You. know what I mean? So I kind of been, I kind of been dealing with the bullshit longer than I've been You know what I'm saying? Out here really doing my thing. So that's why I say You know I really got into space to where like I kind of was You know just losing my love for the art You know what I mean? And just, and just the sport of of You know putting out music and, and marketing the music and just all that You know what I'm saying?


All the shit that I do in a, in a way that no other artist does it You know what I'm saying? It was that type of shit. You know, I, I allowed this bullshit to, to steal my joy You know what I'm saying? For what I do and You know that's detrimental to, to my art You know what I'm saying? But it, the space that I'm in right now, You know you can kind of see it. It's kind of bleeding through If. you can't, you will soon You know they Say staying busy as a response to Trauma. Right? Absolutely. That's exactly what it was When you Lost your pops and your brothers, you you was super busy doing Everything man. I flew out. So when things got a little bit quiet and you had to sit still. Exactly. That's when I hear, man, look, everything you said said everything. And this is where it got quiet. And I had to sit still. It was really covid that rolling that was my second show back Covid Was seemed like so long that that really was A long time ago.


That's I'm saying. Yeah. Yeah. So that was really like my second show back. So I had, I had stayed, I was able to stay busy enough like when it came to my pops and not only that like You know it was, it was a different situation than, than my brother. You get what I'm saying? But I immediately, like, I dropped my, my debut the second pro, my second album really Baby On Baby was a Mixtape, but I dropped my debut album Kirk You. know what I mean? That went number one. That was an honor of my father. That was my way. Carrie in the last name You know, I, I did that. You know I did that when it came to my pops. We even had a conversation before he passed away. He You know what I'm saying? Like you taught me something. You get what I mean? Like you You know you, you stuck to what you wanted to do. You did it your way, you taught me something. Now what's next? So we You know that situation was a little bit different. You know And, I was able to stay busy enough to You know navigate through that or whatever.


But You know when you talk about losing somebody to suicide, like that's a different thing. You know what I mean? Who was in your corner, four kids behind who was in your corner during that time? 'cause You know you, you are always in somebody's corner. You always reach out to your people who was like You know what? Put their arm around you to make sure that you're okay. If anybody like emotionally, like of course spiritually what, when it come to what My brother, just to make sure that you okay. Shit. Nobody, nobody You know what I mean? Nobody. Hell no nobody. It's Like who, who does the go-to Guy go to? Right. You get what I'm saying? I'm, I'm the, I'm I'm the one that's in that's in the corners. You get what I'm saying? Like yeah, it ain't no yeah, nobody You know what I'm, and it ain't even expected You know what I mean? Which ain't, that ain't healthy at all. But it's not expected of me.


Like I'm kind of like a lot of people probably attempted to be You, know what I'm saying? But I don't You know I'm that, that's just how I'm wired. That's how a lot of You know black man wired. Like we don't You know what I mean? Like we, we taught to suck that shit up and keep it moving. You get what I'm saying? Like, Hey bro, ain't no You know you gotta, you gotta deal with the shit You. know what I'm saying? It's put in front of you You. know what I mean? So that's something that I really stand on and I'm, I'm really the one, I'm really the shoulder to lean on more than the person looking to lean on the shoulder You. know what I'm saying? Like I won't even allow it You know what I'm saying? Like I don't, it gotta be, it gotta be equal with me You know what I mean? So When you start gonna Therapy, I ain't even started it yet. I, I plan on starting it immediately You know what I mean? I plan on start. I wanna have a conversation with you You. know what I'm saying? Off the air You know what I mean?


When we get done and, and just so you can You know what I mean? Gimme some, some insight on that and You know lead me in the right direction. I got an idea of how I want to do it, but I want to get your You. know what I mean? Absolutely. I saw you said you wanted it to be like, when you do do it, you want it to be publicly Shared. Yeah. I really want to. Yeah, because I why I want to, I want to, I want to inspire others to You know what I'm saying? Do that shit. I want, I want make that shit Okay and acceptable. 'cause I already know what time it is. Like it ain't a nigga, it ain't too many niggas more stubborn than me. Like I done Ben motherfuckers, Ben told me do it. Ben told me do it. Ben told me do it. I rock with people. I You know I'm, I'm a big fan of this man and the work he do in that space. You get what I'm saying? So I already know what's going on. I'm aware of it. I pay attention. I ain't no stupid nigga at all.


But at the same time, like it probably ain't a nigga, it's stubborn as me. Like when it come to like not accepting sympathy and shit, like it is not like I don't, I don't even, I don't play like that You know what I'm saying? Like my mama is cut like that. Like she don't You know when we got ass whoopings as a kid, it don't stop until you, till you not crying. She don't. It is, it is, it is shut. No If, you can't cry If you crying. She gonna keep whooping. You gotta shut up. You get what I'm saying? And that's her conditioning You know what I'm saying? The, these children for this world that they about to go off into You. know what I mean? Because ain't no love out here You. know what I mean? But even that like, that shit ain't okay. That shit that we, that that motherfuckers need that goddamn You know we, we gotta learn a different way.


And that's why I wanna You, know what I'm saying? Go through my, my journey of starting therapy. I wanna do it You know what I'm saying? Publicly, I wanna do it in a way, the way I really wanna do it. I kind of wanna spill the beans You. know what I'm saying? But I don't know If you should do that Yet. I ain't I mean you not to start. Yeah. You gotta a lot of layers And not as I go You know what I'm saying? Okay. But, but I definitely want like, like the progress to be You know what I'm saying? I got, I got a different approach when it come to that Definitely document the journey. Definitely. And what do You wanna I did that once I did that on VH one, I did a live therapy man, I I I regret doing that. Yeah. Nah, nah, I ain't gonna do it. Nah, it, it gotta be controlled. I gotta be able to, because I seen some shit. I did Dr. Jet, I watched that. I did a live therapy session with Dr.


Jets on VH one, one time. I'm like, man I wish I you ain't finna let nobody pick me apart like that in front of The World. I ain't, I'm gonna be on that motherfucker like I'm in an interrogation room. I was gonna say, what do get I to do in there? Huh? What do you want to get outta therapy? Because most people I know when they go And, I want You. know what I'm saying? Like I want, and that was always my thing with it. I'm like, man, I ain't about to pay nobody to tell 'em my business. Like what the fuck I look like. But it ain't, it ain't even that like, and really what got me on it, right? What got me on like look, I'm, I'm about to start therapy. I wanna do it. It's me working on my documentary. You get what I'm saying? So I did so much digging You know what I'm saying, into my past and I'm, I'm calling my mama. I'm having conversations with her. I'm asking her questions You know what I'm saying? I'm calling this uncle, this uncle You know. And as they telling me these stories and they confirming certain stuff that this jogging my memory.


Like I'm, I'm remembering more and more and then I'm, oh well what about this, what about, and yeah, boom, boom, I'm getting answers and I'm like, damn, hold on. Like, hey we, I'm, I'm fucked up You. know what I'm saying? Like I'm really You know. It is, it is different. Yeah. And You know like with this, with this smile and even how I came in, they're everywhere I go they do this, do this smiling, show your teeth and shit like You know it, it is far more to me than, than what meets the eye You know what I'm saying? It's, it is layers to a nigga like me. Like it's different And, I know it ain't no different than than just about any other individual You. know what I'm saying? Like we You know we, we kings we know how to goddamn carry and and and carry on You. know what I mean? But at the same time, You know these kings need somebody to go to You.


know what I mean? For sure. Absolutely. You pick Up your mom a lot on Absolutely. I can't remember what the name of the record is called. Every record Damn Near. I can't stop talking about that woman. I love her. You Say, you say blame her for everything. Like she Yeah. Yeah. You, she's the reason you Are. I'm, I'm so, I'm so confident in myself You, know what I'm saying? Like absolutely a thousand percent. Like she ain't never used to introduce us to nobody, none of that shit. Without putting the word handsome in front of it. Her email to this day is probably still my three sons. Linda, you get what I'm saying? Like she ain't You know we was her pride and joy, especially a baby, especially a baby. The one that looked just like her You. know what I'm saying? Like for sure. So definitely like she the reason why I You know why I don't let nobody, and also the reason why I'm, I stand firm on my principles. Why I don't really accept sympathy for nobody is You know why I got damn.


Yeah. She, the reason is I, I was raised by a strong black woman, a beautiful one that debt. That's why I'm so handsome too. Did Documentary give you more appreciation For her? Absolutely. A thousand percent. I ain't never You know. I ain't the stuff you didn't know. I wasn't never lacking appreciation with my mom, but it made me, it made me apologize a few times. 'cause when I'm thinking like, ma you remember when me and and and Reed, that's my brother. You remember when me and Reed called your job and, and got the voicemail? We calling this in the nineties, this early nineties. So this when you could pick up the house phone in this room, you could pick it up in another room. We used to rush to try to call my mom at work You know what I'm saying? We'd get home from school. I had a house key at like six years old by the way. I get off the bus and go let myself in in preschool You. know what I mean? And then that's when You know elementary school be the first ones to get out or whatever.


So I was coming in letting myself in the house as a, as a peewee You. know what I mean? That's crazy to think about. We used to do that. You better not open the door for nobody and don't call nine one. That's what I'm saying. That's all your mind used to say. I swear to God. You know. So it's different. These kids don't even know these niggas got iPhones. They get on TikTok and that your home, none of that. I ain't never wrote a little love letter. Y'all little niggas boy. How about the Door wasn't even locked at my grandma house, but I'm You Though. Yeah. So You know Wasn't using that with a knife back the day used to have that knife. I didn't even think that was gonna happen. Even in the House cooling. Nah, for sure man. But nah, definitely. Like I I had back to that. That's that's a funny story though. I'm gonna share this with y'all. So we had, we went to call my mama, we used to rush to call her from different phones or whatever.


Badass little niggas. Man that shit crazy. They ain't answer. This is at her job, got the voicemail. We on there not, not realizing that this is a voicemail and just thinking that we on the phone with each other acting like all god damn uncles and other family members and shit. And we cussing each other out on the phone. Oh boy. Like I'm like four, my brother like five or six. He's like a year and a half old him. So I'm four. He like five and they know us like she bring us, like I say we was her pride and dress. So they all know us. We call every, we had to be annoying as hell. We call every day. How can I speak to Linda please? They hey Jonathan. Hey You. know what I mean? Like so they hear these, these boys that they just think so cute and whatever and they hear us. Whoever the manager, whoever came to play their voicemail in the morning, You, know what I'm saying?


Oh my God. We fuck you bitch motherfucker. We don't even know how to cuss yet and shit. So You know it be bad when the little nigga don't know how to cus yet it be bad and You know my uncles and shit. Man look this cloth I'm cut from different. So the type shit we was saying I know we, I know we just embarrassed the hell out of her man. And I'm, I'm sorry again, ma, when you see this, I apologize. You know and, and if my kids ever You know but we, yeah, she ain't even say nothing. She just pulled up to the crib. She said come here y'all come here real quick. We thinking God damn she got something for us then got McDonald's, I think she closed the door behind us and goddamn damn press play. Oh Lord We got Whooped or after we got the phone cord that day she looked the phone cord guy motherfucker her job.


Nah, nah, nah no, nah they love. Oh okay. No, no, no. They love my mama now. Now how, how are you with your kids? They knew she had some badass kids. Now how are you with your kids because you, I mean you gotta have a bad kid. They gotta be one that's bad. You be like nah, I got just like me, I'm a princess maker man. So You know my twin, she just like me. But she ain't she not bad? Nah, hell nah. Ain't none of my kids really bad. Really? My, there you go. My second born, she but not with me You know what I'm saying? She, she, she handle her mama but not with me You know what I mean? Like yeah, but I don't got no kid, I don't got no kid as bad as we was. Hell nah, hell no. It's always the second child that make make you feel like you don't know what you're doing as a parent. Right. For sure. Now, now, now my nephew now that, that's why I see on the video nephew acting up all the time. I love watching him in your videos.


He is such a little, that's my nigga man. He turns seven, he turned seven tomorrow by the way You, know what I'm saying? But that boy's six You know what I mean going on. He on his on 19 he on his way. He can, I can make him. He he already, he him, he on remind me of me man. He different. I wasn't, I wasn't cut like him at his age. Man. When I tell you that boy is different, I wish I could have brought him with me. That boy different You, know what I'm saying? He's different. You know. So he, he got The World in, in front of him. Man. It's, it's for the take it when it come to him. I'm super excited about seeing him grow in the, in the way he gonna grow into and definitely I try to do everything I can to lead him in the right direction. But I know the cloth he cut from, I already know what's going on. So it's like I understand it You know what I mean?


I understand it. And with me coming from that cloth and seeing the other side of shit and seeing You know what is possible like, and he, he look up to me like a motherfucker. So You know, I I make it a point to to make sure that I'm, I'm putting the right things on his mind and I'm, I'm sprinkling the game on him and the lessons I learned. So he don't make none of the mistakes that I done made You know what I'm saying? Or try to make as You know as little of the mistakes I made as possible. 'cause he gonna have to make some You, know what I mean? Yeah. But I think he ready for him now. How difficult was it to go from the streets to the industry? And the reason I say that is You know when you in the streets and you get in a fight, you get in a fight, you go home, they go home. Yeah. But now when you in the industry, you get in a fight, they suing you man. Look it was and they suing the tail off you right? Yeah. So I got my Ls in before, before I start getting sued, boy, I got my licks in You, know what I'm saying?


But now, yeah, I don't, does it make me what? Like scared to put my hands run from everything. Absolutely all boy, I'll be a bitch ass nigga day. I ain't, I ain't got time for that shit. I done spent up about 4 million on lawsuits, man. Like four or 5 million. Dang on. Got facts Or settling out or just fighting them. Nah, fighting 'em. A lot of that shit be bullshit though. And that's one thing about me, like contrary to popular belief, like I don't put my hands on nobody that don't, that don't deserve it. You know what I'm saying? When I say deserve it, I ain't saying like, okay, I feel like you deserve a ass whooping. Like nah. Like, so that's why I don't get charged criminally with nothing like it don't, you feel me? Like I don't You know what I mean? Like I'm going, I like, you have to make me do that You know what I'm saying?


Like, I, I just defend myself. That's all. I just defend myself. You feel me? Now we've seen some Videos that look like you just swinging on. So That was a different type of thing. Man. That was You know I really, that's something I, and, and, and that shit, that's what, that's what rubbed me. That's what rubbed me. No I don't regret it. But that's what rubbed me wrong about that situation is because I can't even give context You know what I'm saying as to why that shit took place like that without opening up a can of worms. You see what I'm saying? And And, I expect for bro to be You. know what I'm saying? I expect for him to be a standup individual enough to You know, you feel me? Like that's a thousand percent on him, bro. Know that shit too. But don't come tell me that privately. You get what I'm saying? Like You know clear that shit up for a nigga that's out here You.


know what I'm saying? That's sacrificing and putting any amount of energy, money, whatever into you You. know what I'm saying? It's, it's your duty to clear that shit up. But it is what it is at the end of the day. So y'all good Now? Nah, it's all good. Yeah, it's Straight. One of my favorite songs on the album is Ain't that a Bitch? Damn, ain't that a bitch? Because I can relate. But you, one thing you said you are willing to reconcile with some of these people if they admit they was wrong, you Better than me. That's me. But, but I ain't though. That's one thing about me too. Like I ain't, ain't no it, I'm only talking about probably like one motherfucker when it come to that. But I ain't no nigga you can goddamn feel me. It ain't Nah because it ain't, I keep it, I keep it. You real for that You know what what I'm saying like niggas know, niggas know too and anybody out they know. Niggas know niggas know a thousand percent. Like it ain't no You know the proof is in the pudding when it come to me.


Nah, I can Hear the pain in that song though because it is like you do things for people. You help people absolutely gonna never gossip about how You help 'em. Hell nah. I ain't gonna say a word You, know what I mean? But, but the, the thing about this shit like with me, like it's really a lot of this shit public record at this point. You get what I'm saying? Like it ain't even, I don't even gotta talk about what I done did for a nigga. Like I don't gotta do that You know what I mean? So when it come down to that it just be like, damn, ain't that a bitch You? know what I'm saying? Like I I just leave it right at that. That's why I came with that song. And, I feel like that's something everybody got a situation or a particular relationship or something You know what I mean? Along the way in they journey that they can, that they can immediately relate to that record You. know what I mean? You also talk about selling your soul or people trying to get you to say I'm talking About not Yeah. People trying to get you to sell your soul in certain situations and you're not doing it.


So when you talk about that, like how does that even work? Like people come to you with it's different like offers opportunities or they like you You talking about some Illuminati shit? No, I'm talking About that. I'm talking, I don't, I'm talking about, I wish y'all talking about the Illuminati different level of money. I'm talking about the Fact that it, I mean it's simple like selling your soul. It's like, it's like if I, it is like if somebody tells you to do something this that doesn't align with your morals and principles, you get what I'm saying? Right. To get to a certain level or to stay here. It's like if they tell you look, hey, in order to got them come be on Breakfast Club, you gotta come in here with your ass out. You gotta come in here and twerk to the music God at the beginning. And and if that's not something that aligns with, with you, with your morals, with your principles, with the way you operate and you say, hell yeah, I'm a dude man, this brother, I can't, hell nah, I can't miss this opportunity.


You sold your motherfucking soul. That's real. Right? It's, it is that simple. You get what I'm saying? And it ain't, that ain't really something I do. The World is seen it with me. Like You know, I coulda, I coulda did one or two things and and been, boy, I I'd have been about at about the 500 million mark by now. Facts. Facts. It was 400,000 a day for me for the rest of that year. 2020, like 400,000. We ain't talking about after parties. We ain't talking about any other business relationships that got fucked up through it You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like we ain't talking about none of the other shit. I'm just talking about what was already on the calendar. You get what I'm saying? It was, yeah, it was sweet. I was up outta here. I was gonna have that, that Tyler Perry motherfucker that runway in the, in the backyard. Right.


Facts. I wonder what the, you ever sat back and thought, what was the divine detour? Because You know, I I always say things don't happen to you, they happen For you. Absolutely. So What do you think that was? What happen? It was what it was. What we touched on earlier, man, I really, I needed to have my ass sat down and, and really You know and really, really reflect


on. My name is Brandon, Kyle Goodman. I'm a black gay, non-binary author TV writer actor. And I'm messy, but not in the way you think messy as in I'm human and flawed. I'm on a mission to destroy shame around sex. And the only way to do that is to talk about sex. So that's what we'll do on my brand new podcast. Tell me something messy. Okay, let's put this messy round of smash or pass. Okay. Okay, here it is. Smash or pass. Spit play. I don't Know, I don't know how I feel about bodily fluids being on me unless it's 'cause we're doing the pullout method. We're living on the edge. Oh, oh my God. I was not expecting that baby. Like I always say, if You know how to work that body, that sexualness and that heart, you're unstoppable. Embrace your power. That's really what we gonna do on this show. Join me on tell Me something messy with brand new episodes every Thursday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts,


De Decia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was murdered. There are crooks everywhere you look now the situation is desperate. My name is Manuel Delia. I am one of the hosts of Crooks Everywhere, a podcast that unearths the plot to murder a one-woman. WikiLeaks definitely exposed the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafia state. And she paid the ultimate price. Listen to Crooks everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts to listen to new episodes one week early and 100% a free subscribe to the iHeart True Crime Plus channel available exclusively on apple Podcasts.


I felt too seen Dragged. I'm nk and this is basket case. So I basically had what back in the day, they would call A nervous breakdown. I was crying And I was inconsolable. It was just very big sudden swaps of different Meds. What is wrong with me? Oh, look at you. Gimme therapy girl. Finally a cha for the mentally ill girlies on basket case. I talk to people about what happens when what we call mental health is shaped by the conditions of The World we live in. Because If, you haven't noticed. We are experiencing some kind of conditions that are pretty hard to live with. But If you struggle to cope. The society that created the conditions in the first place will tell you there's something wrong with you and it will call you a basket case. Listen to basket case every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


How do you feel about biscuits? Hi, I'm Akila Hughes And. I'm so excited about my new podcast Rebel Spirit, where I head back to my hometown in Kentucky and try to convince my high school to change their racist mascot the rebels into something. Everyone in the south loves the biscuits. I was a lady rebel. Like what does that even mean? I mean, the Boone County Rebels will stay the Boone County Rebels, but the image of It's right here in black and white in Prince a Lion, An individual that came to the school saying that God sent him to talk to me about the mascot Switch is a leader. You choose hills that you want to die on. Why would we wanna be the losing team? Right? I just, I just take all the other stuff out of segregation Academies. When civil rights said that we need to integrate public schools, these charter schools were exempt from that. It's Bigger than a flag or mascot. You have to be ready for serious backlash. Listen to Rebel Spirit on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Do you ever wonder where your favorite foods come from? Like what's The history behind bacon wrapped hotdog? Hi, I am Eva Longoria. Hi. I am Our podcast Hungry for History is Back Season two. Season two. Are we recording? Are we good? Oh, we push record, right? Okay. And this season we're taking and a bigger bite Out of the most delicious food and its history Saying that the most popular cocktail is Margarita followed by the mojito from Cuba and the Pinola from Puerto Rico. Oh. So All of these we have, we thank Latin culture. There's a mention of blood sausage in Homer's Odyssey that dates back to the ninth century BC BC I didn't realize how old the hotdog was. Listen to Hungry for History as part of the My Cultura Podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Not only how far I done got them came and appreciate You know what I'm saying? What I got going on so much more. But I also needed to, needed to smoke the, the clear And I needed. I needed to see things clearly. I needed to see what was around me, who was around me. You know what I'm saying? What purposes I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm aiding who, who I'm aiding and doing the wrong thing. You get what I'm saying? And not only that, like just get and not, and And, I needed to fucking heal and, and grieve You know what I'm saying? For once from multiple things, You know what I mean? Like I needed, I probably needed to talk to somebody at therapy before I ever even touched the motherfucker microphone. Right, right, right. You get what I'm saying? But just You know the shit I done been through since then. You know. And, and like I say, I'm, I'm in a season of accountability. Like I done got away with a lot of shit You.


know what I'm saying? Like, since even since y'all done known me, I done got away with a lot of shit. So You know that ain't, that ain't no way. And If, you get away with enough. You would get to thinking, oh, you would get in the space to where you, where you think that shit is really Okay. So like I say, like You know it, it was a lot of, a lot of changes that needed to be made. And I needed to get my, my personal life in order You know what I'm saying? Because I like, I'm, I was a ticking time bomb at any moment. I could have, I could have, I could have fought, I could have crashed out way, way harder. You get what I'm saying? Any moment, at any moment. You get what I'm saying? Yeah. Like, like if it, like let's say like, let's say that motherfucking busted ass Adida would've hit me. Let's say I wouldn't have You, know what I'm saying? Another one of the viral moments from that show that night. Yeah, I would've, I would've jumped out there and punched somebody.


I've did some punching. You get what I'm saying? Or whatever. Or it's simple. If I walk out the door right now, And, I feel like I'm You know, I'm threatened though, whatever. It's, it's so many different things that could have triggered me in whatever ways that could have led to this shit going way worse than not. You know, leaving me in the space to where I get time to reflect. Do I get time to heal? Do I get time to get my life organized, my business organized You. Know what I'm saying? Where I get time to spend time with my kids You. know what I mean? Stop giving my attention to motherfuckers who don't deserve it and get more of that attention to my family members. You. know what I'm saying? Who need me? You know what I mean? My brother kids You know my kids what have you You know what I'm saying? Like it's, it's so much more to list. It is taller than my lash. You get what I'm saying? You have to change all that though. Did you have to change the people around you?


Did. Did you see artists switch up on you and, and people that you thought were family switch up on you? Absolutely. Hell yeah. Was that the hardest? Was that the hardest? What? What artists? No song. I mean family and the people that you thought were your family switch up on you. Was that the hardest thing to deal with? The dealing with that? It, it wasn't hard dealing with that. 'cause I was born into this cutthroat shit, right? So like that type shit really ain't like You know. I, I grew up the, the environment I grew up in, man, like You know, like your family members, the goddamn steal your shit help you look for it. You get what I'm saying? It's like that. So it's, I'm, I'm used to that and see that's what a lot of motherfuckers don't know. Like when it come to me. Like that part I know anybody across you. I been through that You, know what I mean? That be where a lot of motherfuckers where I had 'em full too.


Like they thinking sweet. They not knowing like I done already. I done, I done had that type of shit done to me and in the streets. I done done that type of shit. You get what I'm saying? And so that part, it's whatever the hardest part with it is severing the ties with the motherfuckers who you do like that, that particular You know what I'm saying? Group and understanding like, like them, like really processing that shit. Like nigga you got damn tripping, you acting like one of them type niggas. You tripping. You know. That's the, that's the hardest part to me. But like when anybody I done met through like You know music or, or some other shit like that, man we ain't, I'm not So you don't trust nobody. Trust my daughter. I trust my daughter. I trust people to be themselves man.


At the end of the day, You know I trust people to be themselves. And I know a person is is I know it's human nature. I know, I know. It's human nature to, to preserve You. know what I'm saying? Your own best interest. This what I know You know what I mean? So even when people have moments or when people have You know that's natural, like that ain't something I hold against a motherfucker. See those the type of of situ like those, the type shit like that I, that's the type of shit I can reconcile. But anybody who done never who done never tried to like assassinate a nigga character. You get what I'm saying? Like, or take money out out my pocket You. know what I'm saying? Or especially motherfuckers who I done put money in they pocket or You, know what I mean? Like, like you got motherfuckers who will go from goddamn boy, you saved my life.


You saved my life to goddamn, you feel me? If if it's to save they face they goddamn act there boy. It's like my nigga like, this shit is like You know it, it it ain't, it is black and white You. know what I'm saying? So it's like you got that type of shit. Like I ain't, I don't come up off of that. Like I ain't a person you can ever You know If. you come back around me and trust me boy you was a fool. I'm letting You know right now. Like don't, it don't matter how long. It don't matter how much time it went by. Like trying to assassinate my character, playing with my family, playing with my kids, playing in any way that can affect my kids. That type of shit. Like yeah, I'm on your ass four L like I'm on your ass. I wouldn't even fuck with me. And, I, You know And I would tell people that like I'm not even, I wouldn't even let a motherfucker come back around me.


Like I, I still wish a motherfucker the best because I'm not that type of nigga. Like I never needed the You, know what I'm saying? Like them somebody else like yeah, for my life, Deshaun Bright You. know what I mean? I came in the game Shine shed my light on everybody. So what that said, what happened? What's done before Vegas? Shit, he, he, he, he took a different route with his journey. You get what I'm saying? And that You know that like that's one of 'em, that's the nigga like right now. Like I tell that nigga right now, like You know I'm, I'm happy for him 'cause whatever you doing now, that's what you want to be doing. That's what you'd rather be doing. I'm that type of nigga, you see what I'm saying? Like, I'm that type of nigga. I ain't never, it ain't, it ain't a nigga and bru, no it ain't a motherfucker in this world. It is not another nigga in this world that you talking about. Your daddy did ever. I'm not even gonna say ever. 'cause I don't wanna wish that for him.


But currently, and he know he ain't, it ain't no nigga that wanna see him win away. Baby wanted to see him win. Y'all know that too. The first time y'all saw me in this bitch who I had next to me, Jennifer Vegas. That's right. Come on bro. Who I had next to me. Every question I diverted the attention, boom to him. Every interview, every interview, everywhere I go, I'm going. It don't matter who I meet. Every fan, every fan, every goddamn taste maker, every person in the industry. When you get done talking to me and everybody wanted to talk to me, I got them you met for Vegas and walk off You. know what I'm saying? Do your thing. So yeah, Bruno did he Bruno and he re he reached out to me. Okay. You know what I'm saying? Not too long ago he reached out to me. You wanna get back with the but, but like I, I don't, I don't necessarily know what he wanted to do, but he reached out to me.


I I commend him for that too. But You know, just like I told him like bro, that's something You know, that's something you you supposed to do on the front end You know what I'm saying? That's something you supposed to do on the front end. He made it public. Yeah. Yeah. I mean what made what public? The fact that like that he he wasn't with you no more. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He ain't supposed to let niggas play like that. You get what I'm saying? Like you ain't supposed to. It don't matter. You supposed to move on. You ain't supposed to stop for nobody. You ain't supposed to If you If you in a situa If. you want more. I'm not. And that's the thing about me. And it don't, it don't stop with a artist or, or no whoever. Right. Cameraman, videographer, whatever. I don't put ceilings on nobody. So if God fucking with me and that's what's gonna happen If. you get around me, you supposed to feel like, boy I can do anything.


That's what I do. You know. You know. So when you do, when motherfuckers get the feeling like that, see a nigga that did di that and nah nah wants you to play small, that's a fuck nigga. I'm not, I've never been there. I don't fuck with little niggas I don't fuck with even in the streets. Like I don't fuck with. I could have been had even now. Like I could come in here and have a hundred little niggas out there ready to do anything. I say, you get what I'm saying? I don't fuck with them type of little niggas. I fuck with niggas who, who want to goddamn go do something. Niggas who's like me, who see something and and and who all it take is for them to see something and then they feel like they can boom go do it. So like with that being said, like I don't put ceilings on nobody. So whenever anybody around me You know, feel like that, that they can go, they can go further by You know taking their own path and not You. Know what I mean? Not what I necessarily say.


Boy, you should do this, you should do this, you should do that. Whether it's working or not. I got damn I say spread your wings and I'm not And. I'm gonna be the first nigga to clap when you do it. I spent more money on artists than Interscope than spent on me. And that's facts You know what I'm saying? On right here, used to tell, used to remind me all the time. You got damn like, hey bro, like make sure motherfuckers is got them great. Niggas don't do shit like that. They used to tell me like, bro, niggas don't do shit like that. Like I'm, I'm cash $80,000 for for niggas videos. You know what I'm saying? Before anybody even know this mother, like a motherfucker can go from goddamn goddamn a motherfucker coulda been goddamn homeless the day before. Yo ass, we taking the jet to this spot to shoot your video like this.


You shooting a video with the same quality, the same, the same production value is my videos. And I'm the, I'm the hottest artist in The World right now. You get what I'm saying? If I'm going this place, if I'm going to this award show, I'm gonna have your ass right here. Every person I talk to, boom boom. That's where you Yeah, that's where you first met Shirt. So You know the, the, the difference like when it come to like artists like stunning, you get what I'm saying? And other motherfuckers, he, for, for a period of time, he did the damn thing. He he did what I wanted to see him. Do you get what I'm saying? He went out and got them and, and did his thing You know what I'm saying? For whatever period of time that he did do it, like I remember, I remember I, it was certain motherfuckers, we had certain motherfuckers like they'll want to work with him just as much as me. And that's what, that was the goal.


That's what a nigga wanted. You get what I'm saying? But for other motherfuckers who see that and, and like I'll never be a lick, I ain't never been a successful lick. Like it ain't gonna happen. You might think, you might think it's goddamn going there, but shit, ask around, run bump into these motherfuckers and ask 'em how it end up going or just look You know what I'm saying? You've seen enough. Yeah. Seen enough video. Yeah. It ain't, we Know how. Yeah, I ain't talking about like responding that way though, but I'm just saying like it ain't, you got a pushover what you're saying. Yeah. It ain't not. And not even no pushover. It's just like, like I do, I do things righteously at the end of the day, even when I get on the nigga ass. Even when I put my, and that's why I I I make it through these shits. That's why I got overcome any of these obstacles.


'cause if I goddamn do something, I did it righteously. Whether it's whether if it is goddamn something that's considered good or if it's something, if it's, or if it's goddamn, if I kill a nigga, I did it righteously. You get what I'm saying? So I'm going home. I ain't tripping. And, I'm got, I'm like this, I'm like this all night. I might suck my thumb like my daughter all night. I'm sleeping some motherfucking good because I I'm not doing nothing that I ain't supposed to be doing. At the end of the day, the end of the day, There's trauma that comes with that too. And you've had to do that You know you had to defend yourself. Yeah, absolutely. But I'm sure there's some trauma that comes with that. Like You know my man Sha is saying call he did 19 years You know for a situation that went wrong Yeah. During a drug deal. And he always says like, there's not a night that he was in there that he didn't think about having life. See he went to jail.


That trauma come from jail. He ain't why You he said it came from taking the, the, the, the person's life too. Even though it was in defense, even though it was self defense. Yeah. I wasn't selling no drugs. Goddamn. When I, when it happened with me, yeah. I was, I was shopping for baby clothes. So You know, I, you feel me, but of, of course You know anytime somebody, somebody's life is lost, You know it it, whether he'd be a good person to talk to, whether knowingly, whether knowingly or not You know it probably definitely got some type of effect on you, you feel me? But like I say, like I'm, I operate righteously You know what I'm saying? Everything I do. So I'm okay with whatever results I get from that. Now if I'm doing something un righteously, which I don't do, that ain't even how I'm rocking. I don't even gotta do that. If I'm do something un righteously the hell yeah. That shit will hunt me every single day You know what I'm saying?


Yeah. Like, like it it bother me more that I'm letting motherfuckers play that I'm settling with what I gotta offer as a, as a artist, as a person for two years, that type of shit will hunt me more than You know doing something righteously and it going You know what can be goddamn damn, what can be saw is as You know the wrong way. So all those situations feel like it, it it brought it on like, it's like people wanted to test you because they wanted to see Well let me see how, how, how tough the baby is. Let me see if he going, I try to swing on me. Lemme see. I don't even think it was the tough shit. I think it was the contrast with me. Like the fact that like, like Im so animated, right. And And I could be, I'm so, I could be so entertained and, and that I'm I'm not on tough guy shit. Like I be chilling like I'm not too cool for myself.


I'm not too tough for myself. Like you gotta think when I switched my fucking name, I I wore a diaper to market the new name, the baby. You get what I'm saying? Like I had a a, a Glock 23 inside that bitch. So it's a difference. Like you ain't, you're not gonna You know like it ain't pistol in your pamper is crazy. Right. Pistol a motherfucker is crazy. Pistol, pistol crazy. It would've been and fell off. I'm miss butt ass nigga. Yeah bro. You know it's, I think it's the contrast and just the fact that like, that like niggas ain't You know that's how this shit go out here bro at the end of the day. So I don't really You know. I, I take it, I take it You know with a grain of salt situation by situation.


You, you play with this shit You know it's hey, hey it is what it is You know what I'm saying? But it ain't but me knowing that like it don't, me knowing where I take it ain't enough for me to goddamn walk around like these niggas and be on goddamn this type of time. Hell nah. I be goddamn damn smiling doing the TikTok with my daughter. You bring your ass over, she know you bring your ass over here playing. She gonna get to looking like boy, she going, she gonna goddamn she see it like a motherfucker get the playing in put like I'm with my, I'm with my kids right now bro. Woo woo. They doing all that extra shit. What's up bro? You Rudy, I'm with my daughter right now bro. You know what I mean? Not right now. And they get to and they and they ignore the warning, the You, know what I'm saying? They look my baby a goddamn damn what he told you?


He warned you. Hey look, okay You know So it And I think, I think that got a lot to do with why niggas You know what I'm saying? Like they gotta test it You know what I mean? Like that's what people do And that And I come from that too. Like it's, that's just culture period. Like when it come to the streets, like you see a nigga, I I remember seeing like a, a interview with Biggie before like you see the nigga, especially my city or whatever, And I come from that like from the Carolina like we from the Carolinas. Like this ain't niggas ain't the nigga is on it's fuck that nigga You. know what I'm saying? And you the only and I'm the only one. You see what I'm saying? So it's, I've been up against all that shit for me to even be able to navigate through that and survive and make it up outta Charlotte like that's yeah that ain't You know that's not normal at all.


I was already conditioned for that shit. So that's why it can get, it can get viewed as arrogant the way I do navigate through situations or deal with 'em as a mainstream artist. 'cause they not knowing like in my city, that's why it still ain't been another nigga after me. 'cause you gotta, you gotta have a certain type of goddamn skin You. know what I'm saying? You gotta have tough skin to come from where we from You. Know what I'm saying? You got to. So I was already conditioned like I'm not, I really ain't trusted when niggas got the You, know what I'm saying? Showing me all that love. I ain't, that's why I ain't come in on no buddy buddy shit. You know what I mean? So that's why when it go left, like I don't got a thousand industry friends where I'm like God damn bro, what's up? I wasn't trying to man, I'm like hey what's up? We doing music because all that goddamn trying to fake kick and shit. Man. I know what that's about. I ain't, I'm just waiting to burn you when you say that's all I'm doing.


When you say you sleep Good. It's interesting too because I'm even thinking about when dude tried to come on your property. Oh yeah. If, you had to shoot him. Yeah he was, Arnold was there too. We was listening. That's the, the Talked about when you said that. I didn't even remember. I Forgot the Walmart. Oh what I'm talking about. Walmart was a whole different Yeah I Was talking about the house thing because I Yeah, I remember that too. Yeah. I didn't You know but yeah, things Like that have happened to you and it's not like you, that's what I you're not bringing it on yourself. I just boom, I so much, I just moved forward You. know what I mean? But like, that's what I'm saying. Like, and see him like that's, I do things righteously. I got out there, I've been waiting for somebody to come to the crib that's, I could have, we was in there listening to the album. We would've went platinum. That was the, that was the comeback.


That was my, that was my seat in terms. And that's what I'm saying. And like, like Your babies are always, But, but when I of my babies would've, if any one of my kids would've been, I I'd have took that nigga whole face off and then went live for y'all. But I Remember you posted, But the fact that people even know that you're always with your babies. Why? I was like, just to enter someone's home that way is just insane. That you Sped is like, I remember that. I remember you. I did like, I I was proud of myself. And I and that like going back to what I say like that's what I'm saying. Like I do things righteously like, like when I get out there And, I. See wait this nigga ain't no threat. This nigga is a, this nigga is a slow fan. They off this nigga's a slow fan. Not to mention the nigga hat on leggings with gold stars on him. Damn.


When I popped his ass, the nigga that was out there with me say now shut up nigga. What you I said shut up first. Then he got shut up. What you come here for? What you come here for? He said I came to sing. The nigga had like one of them little draw stream book bags You. know what I'm saying? Soon as I pop him I get the You know I neutralized him. See these are the words he use. He uses these words. Yes, You know what you defending. Neutralize him. He's neutralized until you get here. You get what I'm saying? I'm patting him down. Went through the bag. I'm, 'cause this is how I'm gonna know what you here folk. You get what I'm saying? Go this bitch. I see the nigga had a pack of beef jerky. God damn I thought you were gonna say baby oil but go ahead.


Some some he dead wrong. I have popped his ass. He'd had some baby oil because what, what you doing? What you coming here for? What coming? I ain't even none that shit. We ain't doing none of that. I'm finna go get you up outta here right now. You ain't gonna come back and Nobody up. We ain't doing that. But I, the nigga had a pack of beef jerky. It was halfway eating. The nigga had some what? The nigga had a pack of beef jerky. A little bag of bullshit ass weed. Little bit of weed man. Probably about a, probably about, probably about a gram and a half of weed, whatever. He rolled the weed in a pack of back was in a id a college id, a school ID for New York School of the Arts.


And then his picture, he just so innocent and shot said this nigga but You know all of that before. No, no, no, no. That's After the fact. Oh no. Somebody getting shot. Yeah, yeah, yeah some somebody got to get shot. I got to let You know when you cross that gun line your ass getting shot. So, because I can't even have people thinking this ain't show and tell round this bitch it is dangerous. It's like, well Mufasa told Simba don't take your ass over there. Oh yeah, yeah. You see what happened when he went over there. So somebody got to get, somebody got to get it. He went over there. Them niggas done killed Mufasa. You see what I'm saying? So it's like boy you got to know it's it's consequences and repercussions when it come to this. But I was so proud of myself of how I handled that. 'cause when I see that, I say wait, this nigga sing for real. Like, and he had a a notepad. I said this nigga sing he couldn't have.


And he had on like the shoes I think they call like Toms. They like the shoes that that the, that the karate kids be wearing and shit. But they really jail shoes they give them in jail down there. So I'm like this in a Carolina Panthers hoodie and some gold leggings. The You know black leggings with the gold stars like all over 'em. Like step and repeat like stars like that tights like the shimmery star no leggings. Yeah like the ones you wear the one tight. I call them tights. We talking about the same thing He had on the ghetto bitch leggings. The ones that said the beauty supply store. I swear to God, I say wait a minute baby, I don't, I say hmm. The ones they wear when they put their hands on their knees. Thank you. I said, I said, I say this is a setup. I say either this is a setup or this nigga. I knew he was slow 'cause you got to be slow to even be back here.


You you. But I'm like okay this nigga, this nigga's slow and You know he's not a threat. You get what I'm saying? But I had already neutralized him. You know first just to make sure I didn't get out there and he didn't harm me or, or anybody that was on my property at the time. You. know what I mean? And then You know, I I told him come get this nigga up real quick. He bleeding on my turf You. know what I'm saying? And then that's the way it went. I to turn so properly. I had to neutralize him. Had to neutralize until you got here. Officer I, I restrained him to the officers came. I told him, please come get this guy off my lawn because absolutely I love that. And shout out to them. You know they ain't not the black dude that pulled up. 'cause he, he's a uncle Tom. He pulled up. Shut up, go stand over there. I said who the fuck you talking to nigga, you lucky I ain't kill this bitch ass nigga, nigga hurry up. I said hurry up, get him now. Now I'm mad. You get what I'm saying now I'm You, know what I mean?


You know. He came like, what you doing bro? Like nigga I called you, I just had to open the gate for you bro. You ain't even, you couldn't even get in. Y'all let the gate beep in the horn and shit. Put sound on your side. I just let you in. Why you come over here and think, did you hear the phone call? Nigga like why you think the nigga, nigga this is my shit. Why you think the one standing here is nigga help him? That's what I called you for. I didn't call and say somebody's in trouble. That ain't the call you got. I say somebody shot hurry up and get him. Why y'all niggas got that baby oil sitting there like that? Man y'all niggas, we not gonna demon baby oil. Man. I just shot auto Baby oil have been good to us. It was a gift to Sag. Got shit everywhere and Envy. No they Had y'all niggas crazy.


We used to be signed to Revolt. Okay. Used To see y'all. See y'all on that bullshit. Y'all on that bullshit. But yeah man, You know, Speaking of Baby, I said all that to say I do things righteously. So that's a, that's a prime example. 'cause that wasn't nothing but a but a, a free a free kill. You know And I coulda went platinum the next day with the, with the type of negative shit and the shit that this world gravitates towards and that type of shit. So that's, that's proof in itself that like You know. I don't, I don't exploit like these types of situations when they do go that way. 'cause then that would, that would be me doing it. That's right. You know un righteously You. know what I'm saying? Listen, The vice president of the United States of America says she own guns and if somebody breaks in their house, they're getting Shot. Absolutely. A thousand percent. What? It's especially in the south, we ain't You know. That's right. I'm from the South You know.


I wanna ask you about Hollywood freak, You know little Hollywood freak Because it made me think like what's what, what's what's more enjoyable? A Hollywood freak or 7 0 4 ratchet. 7 0 4 ratchet them Hollywood freaks weird than a bitch. Yeah, I can vouch. Yeah I can vouch, I can vouch A nice yeah, a nice ghetto thing. But You also say you hate a nice chick. You got a song called I Hate a Nice Chick. Now when I say a nice ghetto thing, I don't mean a nice No, I mean like nice you mean Like built nice look nice, Not even built like You know Just nice. Yeah, but not like nice, like friendly, Not friendly. Yeah because on hate nice shit. I hated nice hate, nice hate, hate friendly. So you don't want to chick that guy Madness and What? When she with me, but fuck everybody else except me and your daddy.


Oh, I get so you don't want her to be friendly with other people is what you saying? Fuck no. You say got too much. I'm Out here. Okay, I see what you're saying. I see What you're saying. It ain't about I don't got ops. You say it ain't your Song. I say I don't got too many ops out here, but You know I got shots like I'm at the bar. I don't got ops, but I keep shots. Plenty of them. Jesus. How the Fuck did Mixtape Man listen during, during all this stuff you face, man, I just wanna know, you always appeared confident and strong in public, but I wonder If you projected that confidence as a way to convince yourself that you weren't going through what you were going through. Absolutely. A thousand percent not, and not even You know. Absolutely. I I don't even got no fucking no no run around when it come to that a thousand percent for sure.


And that's like what? That's, that's a, that's a problem that I feel like You know. A a lot of black men in particular have like this what we literally gotta do You. know what I'm saying? Like it ain't nobody else to where, okay, you get pulled over Godda and You. know what I mean? The nigga want to shoot you off the rip You. know what I mean? So it's like we we been conditioned to be like this for for so long not to even get too revolutionary. You get what I'm saying? But it's like, it's a real thing. Like I didn't You know I done been, I done have police goddamn try to kill me several times. Wow. You know what I'm saying? Like felt it like, oh these niggas finna kill me. Like when you, when you already got four, five niggas on, you probably was about six.


And they still saying Stop resisting, gimme your hands. And they already about to break your arm. It's like, nigga, hold on. You already got 'em. Like what? You You know what's going on. You get what I'm saying? When that shit start moving in slow motion, You know something gonna happen You know what I mean? So it's like, yeah, I'm You know so many, so many different scenarios and situations, but just me just being a a, a black man who stand on morals and principles, period. I'm in danger every second. I step out the door. And, I can't show weaknesses. I can't, you feel me? I'm conditioned to believe that I can't show weaknesses because as a black man they preyed upon like the second I, I feel like I, I showed vulnerability as an artist. I saw it get preyed upon. You get what I'm saying?


Like from the from from everywhere You know what I mean? From the media to every, like I saw it and I'm like, oh, niggas got me fucked up. Like they don't You know what I'm saying? Like I really don't You know it is really this way. But at the same time, You know that's just, that's a never ending, a never ending process to navigate through. You get what I'm saying? And And I think the best way to navigate through any process is gracefully. And that's what I'm on You know what I mean? Instead of being combative with the shit or whatever, like that shit take too much energy. And I a person like me, I could easily be consumed with that shit You know what I'm saying? Like I got, I started making music for the haters. Like what the fuck am I doing? Right? I start making music to where I'm only addressing these bitch ass niggas that I feel this way about. I'm tripping.


They not, they not the ones who buy it. You get what I'm saying? I seen the fans say, damn nigga, you got them showing them more loving than us. We want to got them You know we shit, we the ones that love you. So it's like You know and, and everybody like, be careful with anybody, whatever it is that you do like, like don't get tricked in the You. know what I mean? Like allowing your purpose to become proven. The the hate I done already did that. Like it ain't nothing a hater can take from me. You dig what I'm saying? It's nothing a hater can take from me. You gotta come take something from me that is hard to take. That's it. You get what I'm saying? But other than that, like You know, don't get lost in the sauce. I got lost in the sauce. Right. I'm really enough to say that got lost in the sauce and allow myself to goddamn get tricked outta my position.


I'm glad you And I hold myself a thousand percent accountable for that shit. And and I'm glad you started. The baby cares. Absolutely. So other people don't get lost in the song. Absolutely. And in no way, shape or form You know what I mean, should be in the first in line Absolutely. For your own program, bro. That's what I'm saying. Like that's something I've been, I've been advocating You know what I mean? Like for the past two weeks, like I need this shit. So it's like when people say You know what's the, it's something that I need You know what I mean? I'm a grown ass man. And I know You know. I know me at, at this age could have utilized this program. I know my nieces can need this shit. I know my nephew, I know plenty people bro. Plenty millions of people around The, World You. know what I mean? And that's what I started to baby cares for. Shout out to Tammy for helping me take that all the way up through there. That's something I've been wanting to do You know what I'm saying? But now I can do it like on, on a large scale.


And And I love the, the recognition that it's getting because it's, I can already see it You know what I'm saying? Drawing people in the, I already know what time I, I'll be seeing these niggas copy every goddamn thing else I do. So hopefully You know what I mean? Niggas, niggas get the goddamn You know hopefully a light of fire, somebody else to go on Journey of healing. Absolutely, bro. I saw you said on Sway the baby had to sit down so that you could take care of Jonathan. Absolutely. What does taking care, we talked about all the other stuff, right? But like where you are right now, you seem like you're in a very different mental space. What is taking care of Jonathan? I mean shit, it's really all this shit I'm doing collectively. Like number one is, is number one is holding myself accountable so I can identify the things that I do need to tend to, you get what I'm saying?


Rather than God diverting shit and, and deflecting shit You know what I'm saying? And, and blaming it on this or this. So man, I'm going through this because of this or because of that. Like, nah, like I done did plenty of shit ahead of time that that even got people to even think about You know, placing me in this type of box You. know what I'm saying? So I gotta hold myself accountable for these things, but it's, it's just moving better You know what I'm saying? And, and, and, and getting organized, getting on top of my business, getting on top of my personal life. You know I'm John, I be in Jonathan, be in the gym now. You know what I'm saying? Hold on. I ain't been in the three four. That's why I would've beat, I thought you would've asked me that shit. Glad the baby. I don't know. I do need that Because I was Running around. No, I Do need that.


Y'all could really come on with some of that. I'm not fucking with y'all and this baby oil shit, but nah, I mean it and, and You know and taking care of the People that yeah, Jonathan be in the gym, But I ain't been in there like three, four days. So this really You know this ain't even Okay. You know what I'm saying? Damn Lord. What the fuck put something on. I don't wanna put the baby oil on Y Okay. I don't wanna get you in trouble. She's single as a motherfucker. She's single As a mother. Okay, back to what's taking here, Jonathan. She's single. You said you wanna take care of Jonathan? No, that's not what Oh my god. Oh, you are not doing this. You wanna take care of Jonathan? I Can we move on. It's up. You, y'all not This, we're not doing this. Okay. Can we play a joint off the album?


I would love to Album something. You Wanna play something introspective or you wanna play one of the radio Joints? What you wanna do? It's up to you. I like, I like ain't that a bitch? But then I like, I think fat can go for the Radio. Fat, fat is definitely the the the radio jump fat is, I already knew what fat was. I really coulda just came with that as a single. But I'm like nah, they gotta get the person You. know what I mean? So let us do Both. Who Ain't that a bitching? I mean, You know if If, you know, if the opportunity present itself, I won't turn it down. We can do both of ain. Ain't that a bitching Fat all? We Ain't bitch fat right now. We appreciate you for joining us, brother. I appreciate y'all having me bro. Here to is always a pleasure to be in the room with y'all You. know what I mean? Yes sir. Whether it's here or there or everywhere. It's The, Breakfast Club. It's the baby. Y'all are so a wake That ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club happening now on the iHeart app.


We're turning up the heat on all the smoke as vice president and Democratic presidential nominee, Kamala Harris pulls up to the show. You do me great honor to be here. Thank you. Thank you. You know her as the trailblazer making history, but now she's ready to drop some knowledge and real talk about the 2024 race. How do you protect your mental space? Number one rule, don't read the comments been nasty. This episode is going to hit different. Search all the smoke in the free iHeart radio app and listen to this groundbreaking interview now.


My name is Brandon Kyle Goodman. I'm a black, gay, non-binary author TV writer actor. And I'm messy, but not in the way you think messy as in I'm human and flawed. I'm on a mission to destroy shame around sex. And the only way to do that is to talk about sex. So that's what we'll do on my brand new podcast. Tell me something messy. Join me on tell Me Something Messy. With brand new episodes every Thursday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


De Dene, Cara Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was assassinated Crooks everywhere, unearths the plot to murder a one woman. WikiLeaks, she exposed the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafias state. Listen to Crooks everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. To listen to new episodes one week early and 100% at free. Subscribe to the iHeart True Crime plus channel available exclusively on apple Podcasts.


Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your horizons. Hit play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast. Sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts Sniffy Cruising Confessions. Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to Sniffy Cruising Confessions sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday.


Captain's log star. Date 2024. We floating somewhere in the cosmos, but we've lost our map. Yeah, Because you refuse to ask for directions. It's space Gem. There are no roads. Good Point. So where are we headed Into the unknown? Of course. Join us on in our own world as we uncover hidden truths, navigate the depths of culture, identity, and the human spirit With a hint of mischief. One episode at a time. Buckle Up and listen to in Our Own World on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Trust us. It's out of this world.