
Listen to me. This is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passion you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with Prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bolds Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather can conditions.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


You are cordially invited to the hottest party in professional sports. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party, your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf, featuring interviews with top players on tour tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country Club. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Wake that ass up early In the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren, the Rosa filling in for Jess. And we got a special guest in the building, The legend Master P, welcome back. What's going on y'all? How you feeling brother? Man, you know, we've been dealing with a lot in New Orleans, but we holding on. And so for the 14 people that lost their lives down there, we definitely praying for them and their families and the ones that got injured in this terrible tragedy terrorist act that we had going on down there, man, I got in the studio with Mia X and KLC produced a song with trombone shorty, with Mack and Symphonic and we made a song for the city and all the proceeds going to the families of the victims.


So, and it's called New Orleans. Keep holding on and we holding on you Were front lines right away. So for people that that tell us how, how the city reacted right after, right? Because you know, we all know New Orleans is lively. It's fun. It is a party town. There's so much food. It's, it's so much going on. So tell us about the atmosphere now. Emini here. Emini Here. You know what we known for second line in the middle of the street, the food and everything, but the parties, but Emini here, we was hurt, man, we ain't never experienced nothing like that. But watching everybody come together and stick together and stand strong and we gotta stand up and show The World. We not scared and we gonna bounce back. We resilient. Like, just like I gave you the the hoodie.


Yes sir. You know that that hoodie tells it all. We resilient New Orleans people know. Yep, we gonna keep holding on some people Will, will, will upset a little bit and felt like New Orleans should have shut down a little bit longer. What, what are your thoughts on that? Well, You gonna always have opinions, man, with everything. But we gotta let guard lead us on this journey. And so imagine if we didn't bounce back and didn't stand up, then everybody be saying, man, why y'all holding y'all heads down? No, we gotta keep going. We the ones that that's, that are alive. It's like anything else, you know, for some way in your heart you just gotta let God just keep you moving. And that's, that's what it is for us. We just keep moving. Like we gonna keep moving no matter what. We also praying for the ones that lost their lives in California and the fires, the ones that lost their houses.


So Emini here, y'all had something in New York, y'all had to keep going. They had something in Chicago, had something in Vegas. Emini here, you know, we dealing with evil, but whatever they meant for evil, God gonna turn it into good. And so, you know, that's the Resilience with the city of New Orleans. I guess My my thing is I'm always asking people, well what, what was the other option? Like, people were upset when they saw you walking down Bourbon Street right after. And I'm like, well what's the other option? Like what, Well, what if I didn't show up? Exactly. Think About it. Yeah, I could have stayed in my mansion and stayed home and don't do nothing. But guess what? I'm not, I I'm not worrying about what somebody gotta think or say Emini here. This about love, man. The only way we overcome the hate is with love and, and we need more of us standing up doing what we gotta do.


And that's why I'm able to, to honor these 14 people. We got the Nola Walk of Fame on February 6th and I'm the first black man with real estate on Canal Street to have a Nola Walk of Fame. How they had the Hollywood Walk of fame. Yeah. So think about it. Not only we honoring Lil Wayne and, and Birdman and, and just so many grace trombone shorty. We, we got mere x we we honoring so many people, right? We are honoring business people, but at the same time, I want to honor those 14 people and put a plaque with them on Canal Street. So we will never, we'll never forget 'em. How do we I I'm sorry, there's one last question. Oh, go ahead. How do we stop that from happening again? Right? Because if you put barricades up and you block people, that kind of kills the vibe of what it was, right?


Yeah. So is there a way to prevent that from happening again? Man, we just gotta keep praying and, and doing the right thing. 'cause that could happen any, anywhere Emini here. The stuff that y'all had happened in New York, like, it, you, you can't stop Evil acts, let's be honest. It's now we gotta deal with the mental illness. We've been talking about this. We, when you see signs of people not doing stuff right or going a different direction in life, you know, we have to do something about it. We have to talk to our people about it. We have to sit down. Some of these people need to get counseling. Some of these people need to get help. Some of these people need to get therapy. So Emini here, even when you look at the people that's in the military, the, the people that are protecting us, like these are just regular people. And so you don't know when somebody going to go left.


But, but what we can do is, you know, that's why we create all these different organizations to mental illness is real. Yeah. And so we, we we, we have to take note when, when we see these type of things. What Is, what is Bourbon Street like today? Like right now? Like what's happening there? Emini Here, we, we had the, the Sugar Bowl, you know, game couple weeks later and, and that was sold out and people still walking down Bourbon Street, you still have business. People still have to survive. You got a lot of great restaurants down Bourbon Street And I think that's what it is. We do have a lot of flowers and, and crosses and stuff out there for the, for the victims that lost their lives. But at the same time, Emini here, we, we gotta figure out some kind of way to come together now.


I think putting the plaques up there to remember the ones that we lost, I think that's going to be the right thing to do because I think even when you keep passing by and you see that it almost send, you know, you kind of like keep reliving it. And so we gotta get to a position. Hopefully we get to that position by the Super Bowl to where we don't have to keep reliving that. Right. And we, we can keep praying and moving on. I was gonna Ask you, do you think it'll impact like the business down there and like the Super Bowl? Because a lot of the headlines un unfortunately to New Orleans, it it, it focuses on how people felt like the city and like, you know, the police, they, they failed. Like there were certain things that should have been in place and stuff like that. Like do you got, do you think that they'll Overcome that?


I don't, I don't, I don't think the police feel because the police that, that, that, that, that, that, that took this terrors out. Emini here. I respect them because so many other people could have, you know, lost their lives. So I think we have a shortage of police. I think that even when you look at it in LA we had a shortage of fire people. So I think, I think the country have to come together. We have to start, you know, 'cause none of us really care. Think about everybody don't like the police until you need the police. Right. And so now Emini here, it's time to pay them the the good ones, the the ones that are doing the right thing. And I feel like we need to come together the good people. 'cause it's bad in everything. It's bad people in radio, it's bad people in government, it's bad people in all, you know, television.


So, but we, we just have to acknowledge the good ones. Same thing we do in, in music or whatever. Like you got bad and good and everything. And so I think I, I want to be able to celebrate the good ones. And also to your point earlier, you know, like taking some of those resources and putting those resources back into the community so people have, you know, proper mental health care. Yes. You know, yes. We, we need that because that's the one thing that's scary. People need to know they not alone. And if you find somebody, whether it's a family member or whatever, we need to hold those uncomfortable conversations. And so those things are gonna make a difference. Especially like in our, in our schools with our young people, in our people that's constantly working.


The people that's on the front line. 'cause you never know you could, you could lose that person like that. I wanted to ask people, we haven't seen you in a couple of years, but you were one of the, the, the first to stand on HBCU athletics, right? Yes. And I remember when, when your son was, was going to college and you put your son into A-H-B-C-U, people laughed. They said it wouldn't make it, you wouldn't get TV time now to see how things have changed. Yeah. How, how, how does that look for you? What what, what's your thoughts on that Emini Here? It, it looked, it looked good for me because think about it. Racism still exists. Prejudice still exists in our country even though we getting farther and getting better, right? But it's still places that you could go that you still have to deal with this.


The great thing about HBCUs is that this is our people, this is our culture. And that's why, you know, when I, when I went and spoke at the graduation at Grambling and just seeing all the people and watching us evolve, being able to now go to Grambling and say we gonna do movies over there. You know, so it's like we have more opportunities but now we we making sure that the facilities are better now. 'cause think about back in the day the facilities wasn't That's what you said. That was, that was you, you said that was the biggest thing that was didn't have the facilities for the kids to Recoup and retrain. Yeah, we didn't have the doctors. We didn't have the right training. And now, you know, by us making that noise, we are starting to get some of those things that shout out to Dionne Sanders Emini here for, for stepping up and, and going build his career at A-H-B-C-U.


And I'm, I, I'm, y'all might see me real soon coaching basketball. I, I, I, I ain't gonna let y'all know HBCU, y'all gonna see y'all. See that'll Be different. You got Deshaun Jackson at Delaware State. You got Mike Vic at Norfolk. Mike Vic at Norfolk p Coaching HBCU basketball team. That'd be hard. Yeah. Emini here. You know what, I think that's why we can't be afraid to grow up and be able to follow whatever, you know, pat go up, put you on. And so I just feel like coaching, I coach DeMar de Rose And I coach Lance Stevenson, I coach Emini here, so many great pro athletes, Brandon Jennings. And now to be able to get to a college and understand how this NIL stuff work and be able to help our culture, you know what's okay, I'm sorry.


Yeah. And that's what that's about for me because it's all, it's also about preparing the next generation what's In the middle of Jeans Man, I see Silk's son, he had LSU ball and averaging 17 and five. Yeah, Yeah. No, no, it's good man. Because silk's son at LSU, my son at Houston doing this thing and they both freshmen. Wow. So, you know, but I, I told my son, I say education, don't rush it. You know, Emini here, he had one of the top schools in the country in basketball. He averaged 30 pers in high school last year. And now he, he told me, he said, dad, when I get out, I want to be able to be one of the best players in the NBA. And I say, you know, I taught him that hard work to where this kid was three years old. I I went to Target and brought the little plastic hoop and he just loved the game.


Like, like how Steph Curry loved the game. Wow. Is it a blueprint? Like, do y'all say, look, if you do this, this and this, yeah, y'all going, y'all gonna get the way y'all need to be. Yeah, because think about it, right? So when you successful, you could give your kids everything and then they have that entitlement thing. But you know, with my kids, they know that I, I, I didn't get his kid a car until he got in college. And so now he's on that path to build character. He put God first and, and he just want to, he want to win. He want to be, be great. And so I just thank y'all even with Black History Month. Now I love what you say about the HBCU, but even in hip hop we don't have that.


Like we, we doing the first hip hop black history concert at the NJPAC Center in, in Jersey on February 28th. So you could get your tickets now, go to Ticketmaster or go to master peak concert.com. But this is all about educating our culture, educating our people, and we going turn up this, I'm, I'm Drew Hill to be there, the locks and masterpiece. So this is going to be Aya, it says camouflage, Camouflage, camouflage where your camouflage, you know what I'm saying? So we won't represent. I Wanted to ask you about Mayor Latoya Cantrell, how important is it to have A-A-A-A-A black mayor in times like this? Man, it's so important and, and she gets so much flack because she done been through it all. She just, but I love that, you know, they made me the ambassador of entertainment for the city of New Orleans and to have a black mayor.


I support her because this woman had been through it all. But she loved the city of New Orleans. And matter of fact, I'm celebrating her. She's the first female mayor for New Orleans and we'll be able to celebrate her February 6th too. We we're putting her plaque on Canal Street also. And you were Very vocal that, you know, thinking that little Wayne should have been at the Super Bowl and you still believe that hands down, You know what that's over with now. Mm. It is like, I don't even want to go back, but you know, Lil Wayne is one of the greatest rappers alive and we got so many other greats. And I think doing Essence, I wanna celebrate juvenile Miss TI wanna celebrate Silk, I want to celebrate KLC Man and Fresh.


So Emini here, we, I feel like Mia don't get the credit she deserve, man. Mia, we, we celebrate Mia so big that, you know, she's the queen of the South when you talk about music, like she done open the doors for, for so many women. I talked to Roxanne sh Taylor the other day and, and her and Mills tight and you know, mills just a real trailblazer and, and she don't have to get the flowers. I tell all the time we gonna give her her fertilizer because fertilizers a growth Real. I was at the Hot Boys reunion. Yeah, little Wayne. And then you came out on stage and gave Wayne and you told, told him about the, the start that he's gonna get on Canal Street and stuff like that. Like seeing you come out on the stage knowing y'all history for me, And I'm not even from New Orleans, but I was standing with people that were, and they were like literally in tears just to see you guys on like Emini here.


It's been years, but same accord and like it's just all positivity. Yeah. When you got the phone call that that reunion was happening, how did you, how did you react to that? And then what was the decision to honor him on that stage? Wayne on the Stage, Emini here, he's the greatest rapper alive and he's from New Orleans. So like, people don't realize, like we all live right up the street from each other. So people don't really understand the history of Newark. But you just think, And I think that's where we gotta stop creating these beeps and creating all this negativity. You know why we, I just drove down Fifth Ave and see all these stores y'all have out here, they all selling the same thing. I'm happy for them. Emini here, I'm, I'm honoring baby and slim on Canal Street too.


So it's a lot of love in our city that people don't realize that even though y'all don't see us together all the time and we grew up, you know, with different expectations. Emini here, we still root for each other. So we been rooting for them.


The new year is here and you wanna stay locked in on whatever you're into. Amazon Prime is a cheat code. See a lot of people think Amazon Prime is just about getting those packages delivered faster than you can say. I forgot to order that. But really prime is not just one thing. It's all things. A place to stream movies and shows with Prime video, Amazon music and that free one day, same day delivery is everything you need to make the season stress free. Picture this, you're watching Thursday night football and Prime video and the friends are coming through. You need the last minute snacks and drinks. Prime's got you. You want to kick back and chill after the game. Prime Video's got the movies and shows to keep your night rolling. And if you wanna wind down Amazon music's got the playlist to keep the vibe just right. So whether you're hosting, chilling, or just trying to make it through the hustle of the week, I know I'm doing all things above. Just know prime's got your back. It helps you explore, discover, and get more of what you love all in one place. So visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now At&t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental car you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity you depend on deals you want at service you deserve or they'll make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at and t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


The World is constantly changing. If it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Ever since we started they probably been rooting for us. Every that's just a New Orleans thing that just how we, that's like what me and my brothers, we'll get into it next week we catch one of y'all and we gonna be fighting together. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like that's just how it is. I know everything happens the way God wants it to happen. But you feel like there was missed opportunity back in the day for cash money and no limit not to do more together. Yeah. Now because I feel now that we are grown, you know, everybody been on their own journey And I think if, if we wouldn't have been on our own journey, it wouldn't be as big as it is now. Right. For, for both of us Emini here, we sold a hundred million records and they sold so many records too. So Emini here, they got a lot of talent. Look a bg then got out, you know, hopefully my brother c get out mystical, get out Emini here, we going to celebrate Soldier Slim on Canal Street for essence.


Rest in peace. So yeah. And so, you know, Emini here, we have so much great talent down in that Emini here just mentioning getting in the studio with trombone shorty. He's, he's, he's one of the, the greats now. And how is he murdered doing? You said he could possibly getting out. Is there, is there some light to the Case? You know what, Emini here, we just gotta keep praying. He, he been in there a long time and hopefully he get his day to, to be able to get back and, and, and get to functioning and doing what he need to do. But we just keep praying as, as, as a family. So that's why I tell people, you know, love your loved ones when they walk out that door. 'cause you never know when they gonna come back And that we, we, we experiencing this now in real time. It feel like there's always somebody attaching themselves to this. Kids like it. See like every year I get a call about, hey man, it's such and such.


Yeah. It, It is with see Murder and wants see murder to call in. I'm like, if I ain't hearing it from p or somebody, I, you Know what Emini here I, And I think that's the problem, right? Because everybody want to try to get some shine off people instead of just, you know what, let God do what he gotta do. And I feel like, you know, my brother is going to be able to, to touch down and, and see the light and get back with his family. But we just gotta keep praying. How, How, okay, how are y'all? 'cause I know like a few years back there was like the back and forth with U and C murder and Monica Murder. Shout, I just told you this, my family, I would go to war for my brother. I don't even play behind that. We don't even have to get into that lake. We family. You got brothers and sisters if you do Yeah. You know all that stuff.


You that don't mean nothing. You know my son, I'm going the wall behind mines. I'm just letting you know. So all that stuff y'all see, don't believe none of that stuff y'all see on the internet. And I, I done changed my life but I will go in that water behind my family. I you should. Yeah. I was gonna ask, you know, I hate to use the word regret, but the one thing about your family p is you showed us everything, right? Yeah. Showed us the good, the bad, the ugly. And a lot of times when black families weren't showing the positive side and what you did for your kids, you regretted at all because it's like you showed the good but then it also comes with the bad. Right? Yeah. You know what, but that's life and we gotta, we just gotta change with the times. Emini here, think about it right now.


We everybody afraid of ai. I'm not because you either gonna have to figure out how to work with it. If we're gonna be successful, we building family brands now. And so what, what's good. We don't have to sit back and be afraid to say we're not a perfect family, you know? No, nobody has a perfect family. 'cause y'all all have been through something. That's right. Absolutely. Even everybody here on this show done been through something you like, man is y'all serious? But we gotta stop listening to clickbait, you know, these headlines and say they never going to tell you the truth. Right? So my thing is, long as you know the truth and you know, and you know God, then you'll, you'll be good. 'cause my thing is now I'm about kingdom building, I'm about doing the right thing and I'm about being a servant for our people and educating our people.


Emini here we losing so many young people. I had, I had Nipsey Hussle in, in eighth grade in my program. So my program been around for over 25 years. He was in my program in the eighth grade And I told you guys this, right? He was trying to figure out how to sell records. He, he got up to like 200,000 when he died. All his records went triple platinum. The same songs. It ain't like nobody changed none of this stuff. But I'm just saying we gotta be here for each other while we here. Let's not be great when it's too late. You know? And so we all can create our own products and brands. I tell people now, it, it's like I created Miller Family Foods because when you look at Kellogg's, when you look at Gucci, Versace and all this, all these are family brands.


How come we can't do it? Right? And so we, it is time for us to change that. You think we Hate all You said Nipsey was in your program in eighth grade. Yeah. Damn. I I know you respected you high. He was when he said no limited, no, no limit of the West nigga person Miller in the Flesh. Yeah. Grade. So then Janelle Langstone, we created a program called Urban Born that was in California. So my kids now, even though you see them now, they in college doing what they doing. But they was playing for Cal Supreme that was right in that neighborhood. So my kids always played in the hood. They played in my programs, they played with Oakland soldiers, you know, so I I I got my start in the bay. So Emini here, I've been around California, I've been been around New Orleans. So we, we help inner city kids.


That's in some of the worst environments. I was gonna ask, you feel like a lot of times we hate on each other. And the reason I ask that right, is something happened with your son a couple of a month ago, right? Yeah. All over the Blogs. Yeah. Charges were dropped. I seen it on one blog. Yeah. You know what Emini here. So does That 'cause the thing about it, Right? Does that bother you? 'cause you're like, damn, Gimme the same. How to deal with that same Thing that you gave Me before, gave It back to me. To be honest with you, I don't worry about that. You let God fight your battles and you say whatever they, they meant for evil God to turn it into good. Right? But everybody know. Guess what? If that was real, my son wouldn't have been able to keep playing, couldn't be Able to Go back to school. He couldn't go back to school. So they, they made a headline. Right? So you can't steal something that's out by the trash can for a month and a half in the snow, in the rain.


This was something old things where these kids, they, they pick up, you know, when you go to college, they, they, they pick up chairs that be out there by the dumpster. They pick up all this stuff. Yeah. And then they put a price tag on and say $1,500 something that was worth a hundred dollars. Right. That they giving no away that they let the kids come take you. Everybody been to college. My son, everybody But him. He, he has a Arian Well my son drive a $200,000 car. He got a multimillion dollar job. I'm glad it happened because that let me know that we still live in a broken world. But if it, if it didn't happen with my son being involved, y'all would've never knew then you would've really been looking at these other kids like they did something right. And if that, I'm be honest, if that's the only thing my son ever did, I'll be a happy, proud dad.


Just be honest. That don't even make no sense. But I told my son, I say you a businessman. What you want to do? He say, we know what dad, they call me Hercules, we about to start making some Hercules refrigerator. That's what, that's what we gonna do. We gonna, we we about to make some Hercules refrigerators now and then we'll be able to give 'em to the kids and the HBC. But, but that's what happened. Right? My son is in a a a a school where it's not as many of us there. That's in Utah. Right. And so, but they wasn't after my son. They was after the coach. They have a black coach. And 'cause the thing about it, imagine all the stuff that happened. I done seen a kid get killed at these schools play basketball, they get in all kind of stuff. They don't, half of the stuff, the the crazy stuff that I done seen, they don't even report.


The coaches will go, man, hold up. Don't y'all come over here for my school? The campus police should have ran over there and did that. Like, don't you think? And then they ain't, they ain't even mention none of the other people name just mentioned Masterpiece son. Wait, It didn't start with campus police. It went straight to the police outside of the community. Yeah. So that's how we knew which is Unnormal. Yeah. But that's how we knew they was after the coach. So it was targeting basically. Yeah, It was targeting. Yeah. 'cause anytime something happens on campus, campus police shows up first. That's why At my school. At your school, right. Absolutely. Yeah. But that's why black history money is so important and we should have that more than just February. And we need to educate our kids and our culture. 'cause we got to know that even though Martin Luther King lost his life for us, we still got a long way to go.


And that's why I say the the way we do it, we gotta bridge the wealth gap. And that's why I constantly keep telling our people, let's go out here and create these products, create these brands, create our own stuff. And so it's, it's going to be to be beyond, like you say, they never mentioned that that even a even a thing when y'all see the news, the crazy thing about it that happened two months ago and they put it out two months later, which was crazy to me. That was where them headlines. I saw it and I'm like, it Yeah. When I saw People steal refrige, you don't need steal. Don't even no sense. Yeah. But I think it's just the, the fact that he has to deal with that. But again, the way that you raise your kids, because they've been in the the You, you ain't seen my son say nothing about it. I love him because he, he humble, but he's successful.


He, he's a, he, he's he's a, a, a man of God. And now he got so many great things, so many great opportunities. We have so many big brands that we are dealing with and, and, and, and people see this. So I think some of the time you gotta let God fight some of them battle. Especially when you know it's not real. Do You deal with like parental Emini here? You a parent. We all parents you deal with like parental paranoia, having sons that are a certain age, they in the light, they doing good. And you know what type of world we in, Bro? I'm just telling y'all Right. God do things for reasons. Right. I coulda got another phone call. That's true. Yeah, that's true. And I'm like, I blessed. I I I thank God I'm blessed and, and, and I'm happy and I'm gonna keep doing the right thing And I'm gonna keep being the best fault that I could be.


I'm not perfect and I'm gonna keep loving my kids and I'm gonna, I'm, we gonna keep growing as a family. There you go. What's up? Whatever happened with the lawsuit with Walmart over the Snoops man, think about it. Right? Even that Walmart put a big old thing, if this supposed to be black history month, they not even worried about diversity no more. It is that easy to Back away from that in general. You know what I'm saying? Nobody's talking about it. Nobody's saying nothing. And it's like, but know I'm doing what I gotta do. I'm gonna stand up for my people. And you guys have been crump on the case with you, right? Yeah. And what you got there in front of you? What's that P Man look. Got that. Make them say un selfie. I'm just letting y'all know. And p is a hustler for real. Look, make them say I didn't Get a can I have One of those?


This the only drink in The World that say that's so water. The only drink in The World. Is it Soltz Water got liquor in it? THC Oh oh. Got THC in it. I'm scared now that make it say, oh It it is only 5%. Okay. It's only 5%. I'm nervous. No, I'm telling you it's only 5%. That's the legal amount. Okay. That's it. She looking like, oh, I know, but you know what? People are not drinking alcohol. No more people that not drinking beer. We, we, we the first at the table in the game doing what we gotta do. And y'all see that's that make 'em say this. Is this a whole, it's a game changer. Absolutely. And and that's what I'm saying, we able to create our own brands and that's what we doing.


And I was gonna say that's in store now. Yeah, you could, you you could get this go to make them say M-A-K-E-E-M-S-A-Y-U-H h.com You know, for How many Products you got in the Snoop? I got, I got so many. That's what you still got The noodles. We still got the Snoop cereal over there. Then you had the noodles when I was you had new noodles Right? When I was at 10 you brought us noodles and we tried those and they was good. Yes. Okay. Where, okay. Yeah, you do got a lot of stuff in stores. See that? But guess what? Why we can't, I just said, I'm walking down the street seeing all these stores. Right. And y'all gonna go in the, each one of them stores y'all want to go into. Right. How come we can't do it? You Right. I was just sitting here thinking like, why if, because I be buying Ramen like once a month.


Just keep it in the house. Why don't I buy why you don't buy P noodles? I literally just thought that's what I was thinking of when I stopped talking. I'm like, why don't I just buy his noodles? But Yeah, that's what we gotta support each other. That's right. So think about it, we spend trillions of dollars as black people, but we, we consumers. That's right. And we buy other people products and that's what we was talking about, right? Those companies that I talked about from Gucci to fac to Kelloggs, those are family last names. Mm. And how come we can't do it? That's absolutely right. How's your family in California with all the fires and stuff? Is everybody good? Yeah. We hang in your house and stuff. We, it came close. So I I I know that it's like 28% contained now in Palestine.


So we was, we was almost evacuated saying that if that the winds keep blowing, you know, it hit hitting hills. So, and then Calabasas would be next. So we just, we we, we keep praying and, and hopefully, hopefully it is over soon. Yeah, Absolutely. Well, don't forget p is gonna be out at February 28th. That's right. Proceeds to support Team Hope. Team hope foundation.org. If you want to go. Camouflage is the attire. February 28th, drew Hill, the Locks Master P and Friends is a benefit concert. And that's going down at the njpac. And we appreciate you for joining us And go to team hope foundation.org to donate if you wanna help with the give back.


Absolutely. And then I want to, I want to give a shout out to our restaurant that's down in California. Fishbone. We the first black-owned franchise Seafood and, and what, what what they're doing there. Bringing food out there to the, to the people on the front line. Dope. And, and, and shout out to, to fishbone. We definitely making a difference. And, and on the front line feeding out people. Absolutely. All right, well there you have it. It's Master P, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You are cordially invited to the hottest party in professional sports. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party, your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf, featuring interviews with top players on tour tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country Club. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's fourth production in partnership with deep blues sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the Party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Emelia host of the podcast Crumbs. For years, I had to rely on other people to tell me my story and what I heard wasn't good. You really, last night it felt like I lived most of my life in a blackout. I was trapped in addiction. I had to grab the lamp and smashed it against the walls. And then I decided I wanted to tell my own story. Listen to Crumbs on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.