
Hitting the road to escape your situation. Ship time to replace them with something that actually has your back at Baboon to the Moon, we're all about colorful, durable bags that take your getaway to the next level with a limited lifetime warranty. These durable endlessly sch swappable travel bags make hauling across the airport somehow fun. These bags are built for every adventure and misadventure life throws your way. Find your next adventure ready bag at baboon to the moon.com. Now get lost and make The World more colorful. And don't forget to text your mom when you get there.


This is Simone Boyce from the Brightside. Beauty is about more than just beauty. It's about worth, individuality, and the power that comes from being your truest self. At L'Oreal Paris, beauty means embracing who you already are, enhancing the diverse features, experiences, and personality that makes you well. You L'Oreal's Beauty Essentials, combine innovative products with that classic farian touch to help you feel like your most confident self. Because taking on The World is a little less scary when you feel ready for your closeup. L'Oreal Paris because you are worth it. Learn more at L'Oreal paris.com.


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture-wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber. Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


Hey, hey, John O'Brien here from Money and Wealth on iHeartRadio. And I. Invite you to join me at Black Week, October 15th through 18th and New York City. Black Week is an economic conference at aims to move our culture forward and drive greater economic opportunity. Tickets can be purchased@blackweek.co slash register where you can use my exclusive code GHB Black Week to receive 20% off your executive registration Black Week 2024. Claim your spot today.


Need a new entertainment podcast to binge listen to one of the Hollywood reporters podcasts to hear the inside scoop on what's happening in entertainment. From interviews with the most interesting and accomplished people in show business on awards Chatter podcast hosted by awards experts Scott Feinberg, to going behind the scenes of the most memorable pop culture moments that shape Hollywood history with senior writer Seth the Brach on the It Happened in Hollywood podcast. The Hollywood Reporter has the podcast to satisfy your entertainment listening needs. Listen wherever you get your podcast today,


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy We are The Breakfast. Club. Jess is on maternity leave. So Lauren LaRose is filling in and we got our niece with us today. Nyla, big Nyla. All right. And we got a special guest in the building. We have October London. Welcome brother. What's up? What's up? Good morning, sir. Good morning. How you feeling? How you feeling? I feel good. I feel good, man. Yeah. Is it hard to put on a double vetted suit and tie in ensemble in the Morning? Not at all. Not at all easy. I actually love it. Yeah. Fresh look very fresh. Yeah, For sure. Sometimes I sleep in on the bus Now. Now you're signed to Death row. Yeah. With Snoop. Yeah. Now talk about how you got the deal and and how he heard you and how that all came together for people that don't know.


Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So I was actually on my way to graduating truck driving school. Trucking school. You trucking school? Yeah. You just CDLI. No, I quit right before I did It. He truck sometimes though was, Yeah, I was about to Lot truckers. I just don't like how they drive. Yeah. Yeah. It's a lot to it. But I, I was about to, I didn't, I didn't do it because I ended up linking up with Jazzy Faye And. I, end up You know, linking up with him through a friend of a friend, And I got his number. And I text him like, yo, I got these records. You know, blah, blah, blah, blah. But I was sending them records. They were rap records. They were records for Future. They were records for all these other artists you Were producing. Yeah, Yeah. I was producing You know And. I was writing 'em also also Hook.


Yeah. Yeah. Putting hooks on them. And I happened to just kind of sneak in one of my songs that I did called Colorblind that had that kind of Marvin Lane, and I sent it to him. I just waited and he hit me back and was like, yo, you got some, you got some heat. You know I'm linking up with somebody. He didn't tell me who it was. He was like, I, I'm not gonna tell you who it is or anything like that, but I'm looking up with somebody like really important legend in the game. I might play it for him. I was like, oh, awesome. Cool. I didn't, He thought he was bsy. Yeah, Yeah. You know, it's, I've been through the Ringer You know. So I'm like, all right, cool. Whatever, whatever. You know. So I kept going back to school, all that kind of stuff as far as trucking and come about. We kept You know conversation on and off. So that was like, that was like December when I got to talking to him first.


So fast forward to about February, and he hit me up and he was like, yo, you remember I told you I was gonna play your records for someone? I was like, yeah. He is like, I'm gonna have him call you, or we're gonna call you together and you can talk to him. And, and he can You know, tell you what's up. I was like, all right, cool. What year was this? This was 2016 now. Okay. 16. Yeah. Yeah, the 16. And the night before the Super Bowl, he hit me up and was like, yo, I got that person online. Hold on just a second. And he was with him, and he was like, yo, it's the big homie Snoop Dogg, man. I'm a big fan. I was like, oh, How did you feel? I honestly, I was like, this is, this has gotta be a joke. It Was Generat. I was like, yeah, You know. At that point, I'm like, nah, this can't be real.


And yeah, it was, it was real. And he was like, yo, I'm gonna fly you out. Me and Jazzy gonna link up, talk about You, know how we're gonna do this. We're gonna do it together. I said, okay, cool. And a couple days after that, he was like, yo, we're gonna fly you out around March. So You know I got there March 16th, 2016. And I was a wrap. That's when I met him. But why, why, why Just throw away the CDL Dream. We need a lot more trucks. Shut Up, man. But I mean, he was right there. Like, Man, he was right there. I was, I was right there. But you, I don't know. It just wasn't, it wasn't, wasn't for me at that. I mean, I, I'm not gonna pass up opportunity to like Snoop. I guess the question I'm really asking about is just faith. Like, how does your discernment say, man, even though I've been doing this for so long and I'm right there, I'm going to have faith in this situation over here to pull, come through.


I don't know. I, I believe in God, so I just kinda was going off of him. And I really was like, no, this is gonna be messed up. You need to go stick with this. Do the nine to five. It's just gonna be another obstacle. You're not gonna make it the same thing I've been doing for years at this point. I've been, oh, it's about to be, oh, now it's not happening. Oh, it's about to be, oh, it's, I've done that several times over. So at first I was kind of skeptical. I was like, man, you're gonna go out here. Snoop's gonna hear your music. He's gonna say, okay, cool. You're gonna do one song. It's not gonna go nowhere. What I'm, I'm thinking a million things. And it just happened. You know. It just, we got there, me and him clicked. You know me and him both are Libras. So we did one song.


He played one beat. He was like, yo, I want you to hear this track. He played it, we got a, it's called Top Down, I think it's Out still. And he played that record. And I instantly started You know writing to it. And I had a hook really quick. And he was like, damn, okay. All right. He is like, go in the studio and do You know record it. Went in there, recorded it. He put his verse on there. He was like, all right, lemme do something else. Put another beat. And I did that one really quick. And he was like, okay. So you got a little work ethic. And then me and him for the next six months, maybe three to six months, just back and forth working on each other's, like work ethic, just, he was like, okay, you, you're for real. You're Free. How did your family feel about you being like, oh, okay. I was this close, but I'm gonna just go over here and do this thing.


'cause they've been riding away with you, Right? Yeah, yeah. They've been riding wave with me for a long time. But they've been really supportive. Family, friends, everybody's been supportive. I don't know how many times I've called my boy Jamie. But They in the business though. Your mom's a singer. Your Dad's a My dad was, my dad was in the business. Yeah. My dad was in, in the business. He toured and You know, toured with Earth Wind and Fire and all that. Probably opening up for him, something like that. But it, it never really reached this level. So he's ecstatic. Got you. So that's where your soul full, like your household was full of music. Absolutely. And I hear it in all the songs. Absolutely. Yeah. I grew up on, before even listening to even rap or even Snoop or anything, I was listening to Earth, wind and Fire. I was listening to Confunction. I was listening. You know so many artists, Frankie Beverly, rest in Peace You know. So I've been listening to old school for a while and then I started listening to Jazz And I started getting into that more.


A little bit of Miles Davis. So as far as music goes, I'm all across the board. Now. You Also, so where were you before you got the call to go to la? Because how does the truck driver connect with Jazzy Faye? Well, I mean, You know, it was just because my boy knew somebody that knew some. It was, it was that whole, you gotta know somebody kind of aspect to it. So You know my boy, DeMarco Black called me and was like, yo, come over to the house. I got this contact. I was like, all right, cool. I was like, I really don't wanna do this, man. I'm doing this. I'm about to do this nine to five thing, man. I'm tired. I don't wanna You know. I went over there, And I was like, okay, cool. Let's, let's make this call. And then we ended up making the call and it, it just worked out. Were you doing all of this in Indiana or did you like venture out to another city?


Yeah, I was doing all this in South Bend, Indiana. Yep. South Bend, Indiana. That's where Mayor Pete used to be. The Pete Buttigieg used to be the mayor. That's right. Yeah. Yeah. He gave me the proclamation before he dipped outta office. What kind Of town did that? That must be like a progressive town. Elected the first, well, I don't know if he was the first gay man. Well, he had to be the first game at South Bend, right? Yeah. I mean it's, yeah, you have Notre Dame. I live right across the street from Notre Dame. So yeah. So you have that. But yeah, it's a college town. It's very You know it's not too small and it's not, it's not a big town at all. But yeah. He gave you what a key to the city Or No, no, he gave me the option. He said either I can give you the key to the city. 'cause he had heard colorblind and saw where I was going with it. And it's not, south Bend is definitely not musically inclined at all. It's more sports. It's Notre Dame or it's Colts or it's all that kind of stuff. So he was like, you can either have a key to the city, you can have the proclamation.


And I was like, okay, well what does the key to the city even open up? But he is like, You know nothing, but you can have this proclamation. And I was like, you Really accent. Yeah. Yeah. I was like, well, I mean, I knew, but I was just like, I was kind of being You know. I was joking. Jokey And I. Yo was his mind. Yeah. What door is that? What is this? Are You know? What am I getting out for this? And he was like, no, it's just You know. I was like, nah. I was like, nah, I'm good. I was like, what's the proclamation? But Go ahead. Yeah. I was like, just let It just go. Just let it go. Just let It go. He's a great dude. Secondary piece's a great dude. Yeah, yeah. No, no. He is, he is good. He is good. So it was like the proclamation, you have your own day and they have to celebrate you for the rest of your life. On this day, And I was like, I'll take that Now. You, you signed the death row. Was, were you nervous to sign the death row?


'cause this was the relaunch of Death Row And, I'm sure You know with, with icons like Pac and Snoop and DPG and all that. Yeah. I'm sure people were assuming the first one was gonna be a rapper, right? A hardcore rapper. Yeah. But it was, it was you, was you nervous at all? Absolutely. Yeah. I, I just knew I was in the room when he was finishing the call, like, deal's done. Okay, cool. I was like, bad. Oh, this is gonna be dope for you, man. You know you gonna find some dope rapper outta LA or somewhere like that. And he was like, no, no, no, it's gonna be you. I'm like, what? Like that don't even make sense. This is gangsta rap label. Like, I thought we was doing this other thing. He was like, no, no, no, you're gonna be the flagship for death row. I was like, ah, Jesus Christ. I better learn how to Crip wall.


Yeah. Like I really, You know I'm working on it, but I'm just like, man, I don't know if that's gonna work out, but it's Snoop, you kind of roll with that. And it worked out. It was just, we were like, we're gonna put out this RB Album, whatever this RB Album was gonna be. We didn't figure out what it was. He knows I'm a multi-gen artist, so he is like, we're, we're gonna figure it out along the way, but you're gonna be the first person that we put out. And I was like, okay, isn't Even death row, like legacy, like Dr. Dre or Suge, like commented on your work. Yeah. Dr. Dre has for sure. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I've been in the studio with Dr. Dre several times. I'm actually on the new Dre and Snoop Album that's coming out this year. Missionary, Yeah. Missionary crazy title. I love it. I love it. So I've, I've been able to hear that whole Album in full and that Album sounds incredible, by the way.


So shout out to Dre Snoop. It's on that level. Is it because You know. Yeah. It's a lot of expectation. Dre and Snoop, they saying it's a follow up to doggy style. It's a lot of expectation. It's, it's amazing. It meets the mark. It It, yeah, it hits the mark. Definitely. So You know Dre. Dre definitely loves my music. I've played him other stuff too. But he, he really loves, and even that track that I'm on is very Marvin gay esque. 'cause he lo You know he loves Marvin. Wait, Now I'm being nosy. Is the project cohesive? Like, is there a message with missionary or like, I don't wanna give too much. Yeah, I don't wanna give too much. I don't want to You know. I don't need Dre calling me. I I do not need that. What Happened with the Marvin Gaye? Wasn't Dre doing the Mar they were doing a Marvin Gaye movie and he was doing the soundtrack? Were you involved in that? Yeah. Yeah, that's what I heard.


I heard that there was a soundtrack or something like that, or a movie, but I don't know where it was going. And I. I think I was gonna be a part of that, but I haven't really heard anything on it. So I don't know. When you put out The Rebirth Of Marvin, I thought you was bugging. I know. I saw it. I saw It because I felt like you was putting too much pressure on yourself. Because when you compare yourself the mythical, iconic ghost like Marvin, that's an impossible bar to reach. So what was your mindset? I know when you put that up, I didn't, that Album was not supposed to come out. That Album was not, I, I wasn't trying to be Marvin. I'm not trying to fill his shoes. I'm not trying to do any of that. That is not what I was trying to do. Like I said, I, I'm multi genre artist. I just go off of vibes. So if I'm feeling, oh, today I'm gonna do pop today, then I'm gonna go in the studio, probably knock out a whole Pop Album real quick.


And, I'm gonna go ahead and set it aside. 'cause that's what I'm feeling. So I go off of feeling You know feeling the music and what I'm You know what I'm feeling at that time. So I was in the studio, and if you've been to Snoop's compound, he plays music 24 hours a day, seven days a week through the hallways. And at that time I was in the studio just going through stuff and trying to figure out what track I was gonna do next. And Marvin played like three, four times. So then instantly in my head, I'm already in that zone. So I was like, okay, cool. Then Snoop sent over a track. And I was like, oh, this is dope. And then I started doing it. And I was like, oh, that sounds a little bit Marvin, but I'm just gonna keep doing it. Whatever. Liked it so much that I was like, oh, I'm gonna do another track.


And then Snoop came in and was like, yo, this is really dope. Let me know when you You know, finish with it. 'cause he knows I like to work in, like, I like to work in spurts so I don't do just one track and go to the next. Like, I'm like, well if I'm, I've done two, I might as well do eight more and make it a Album, And I just put it up. I have a bunch of records just put up. I finished the record in like a week. Rebirth of Marvin was done in a week. I pretty much freestyled the whole thing as far as Freestyle And I know it's different, but it's like going up to the mic and just kind of saying what I feel. Did that, like back to Your Place was done in an hour? My Holland Drive was done the hour. Both of those went number one. Wow. So that's how I do all of my music. So I put it away. I was like, all right. That was fun. I was in that Marvin Lane Gray, let me put it aside. Now let me get on this Bryce and Tiller Lane real quick.


'cause that's what I wanted to put out. That's what I thought dog wanted me to do. And that's not what happened. Dog came in and was like, what you doing? I'm like, oh, I'm just putting it up. I'm gonna start on this. He was like, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. We're putting this out. And I was like, no, nobody want to hear old school right now. He is like, trust me, this is, the lane is open. Nobody's doing it right now. Let's just do it. All right, cool. But it sounds a little bit like Marvin. He is like, no, don't worry about that. I'm like, they're gonna chew me. They're gonna chew my ass up. So You know, we started sitting with the Album back to your, we put it out. We didn't even pick a single. We let the audience pick. They picked back to your place. They picked Mahoan Drive You know How many girls I know that Love Back To Your Place For Real?


Yes. That song is the song. I didn't even, I, I forget what I was playing, but, oh, I think it might've been made on Instagram. But that song, I was like, what is this song? Yeah. I was telling Envy that. Like that is how I found you 'cause of the song. I didn't know who you were. And then I heard the song And I was like, who is October line? And? I started Googling. I'm like Death row. Like it just all of it. It's weird. Yeah. But it made me, I was so interested. I'm like, okay, if Death Row is gonna go for this type of sonic sound, yeah. He has to be talented. So it made me wanna listen to more. 'cause it, it just was completely different than what I thought. Yeah, it would be. But I know that like some people did have things to say, but a lot of people love the music because it sounds good. But I know that Xola Viola Gay, who's Marvin Gaye's sister, she had made some comments that she liked the music, but she did say that she was just confused why you would wanna sound like another person and not do original songs.


Like what do you get out of it? Yeah. Did you get to have a conversation with her and of Hiss family or Yeah, I did You know she was, seemed like she was mad as hell at me. Which I knew that was gonna happen. Yeah. I was like, You know and Dog wanted to name it Rebirth of Marvin. I did not, I was like, let's just call it The Rebirth. I tried to push towards that, but You know I'm, I'm following You know at this point. I'm like, okay, alright. You know Dog has a plan. I'm just gonna go with it. He's been right this whole time. Yeah. I've been with him for a long time. I know him. Let's just do that. And we called it Rebirth to Marvin. 'cause that's what he wanted to Tyler. And then, yeah, she was not happy about that. 'cause she was like, yeah, you can sing, that's great, but you, you sound like my brother a little bit.


And it's freaking me out. And I was like, that's cool. I, I just wish she, at that point she didn't go You know on Wax and say all stuff. Yeah, yeah. And just, I wish you just would've called me or called Dog or somebody like that because then people got on her that love my music, that love Back to Your Place. So then they attacked her and I'm like, we have to stop this. But then You know, we ended up getting on a call together, me and a few of the other family members and they were like, we completely support you. We understand now that you're not trying to be Marvin. You don't even wanna fill his shoes or anything like that. You were just in a vibe. And I was like, that's what I've been trying to tell everyone. Like that's not me. I was just feeling something For people that never heard you. Right. Because we introducing you to some people that might not not have heard you listening.


Some people might think that you are mimicking artist, right? Because you just said I was in a Marvin zone and then I was in a Bryon zone. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So even on the new Album, it's like old, sounds like old r Kelly A. Little from public announce. So who is October London and where, where does the sound come from? Because when I, when I first heard, I thought it was like, well that's his voice. He can't change his voice. Right. If it sounds like Marvin, he sounds like Marvin You. know what I mean? But who is October London then? Yeah, October London is, okay. So this new Album October nights, it's more of a transitional Album. It's getting out of that lane. I'm finally being like, okay guys, let's get away from this. When it's, when you start the Album You know you have, you have Touch On Me and all those records like that. And then, yeah, like you said, and r Kelly's been You know my Top number one artist.


'cause I mean the writing style, I mean, come on, it's, it's Kels. Then once you get towards the end of the Album where you have the big record called Time, that's me You. know what I'm saying? Like those records, that's me. Like enjoying myself. And then the third Album, obviously when I, whenever I do that, then you're gonna get all of me. But right now it's just kind of showing people that I can do these waves, And I know that we're missing this sound. I'm not necessarily taken from everybody. I just have been listening to everybody so much like Kels and Ronald Isy and all that. I just take just a little bit, put it here. But I don't really take from them. I'm just taking that vibe to give you that vibe. Give you that love and that pain and that that You know what you feel. What we've been feeling for years.


So Though this is a transition project, I still feel like sonically production kind of sounds cohesive. Do you have like a built in team that you work with? Or did you decide to work with new people for this Project? Yeah. I mean, usually, usually, and Snoop will tell you, usually I do everything myself. Like I, I write, I produce, I mix, I master, I engineer myself because I'm like, I gotta get it done right now. Like if I feel something I need to get done, I don't wanna sit here and be like, oh hey engineer, what's up? Oh, I can be there at four o'clock. No, no, no, no. I gotta feel this now. So I learned to do all this stuff on my own. So I do on this Album, on October nights, I teamed up with producers like Jeff Giddy Poo Bear.


I got with Baby Face You know, obviously Snoop Executive produced the Album as well. And I got with my, my homie Superfly also. Everybody knows Superfly Legend. So yeah, legend in the game. So he came through, put his spin on it as well. And it came out really, it came out really well because we had kind of went through a thing where I submitted like this Album, we like, all right, let's change this. Let's put horns here, let's do this. And it just turned out so beautiful. I love It. I would love to know what the Babyface sessions were like. 'cause I know Babyface, he didn't want you to come in on nothing except for you. I'm sure. So what, what was that energy like? It was good energy, man. We pulled up. He was just ready to get down to business. Like immediately.


There was no, oh, let's kick it and chill. Let's eat, let's have a little breakfast and all. He was just like, alright, you ready? I'm like, yeah, let's go in there. And we did the session. We knocked it out. It didn't even take all day really. He went to writing it. And. I. Just let him do his thing. 'cause You know you're in front of a legend. I'm not trying to be like, well I do this and that. I'm not about to do that. I'm about to sit here and what you need me to do. Give You a lot of coaching. Like Yeah, I mean he, yeah, he did man in, in the lab. We actually, yeah, it was a lot. I'm not going, okay, I can't, I can't hold you. It was a lot. And he knows it was a lot. 'cause I was like, oh, it was funny 'cause we were doing the takes. He was like, oh, okay, let's do this first take of this And I Do the Line. He was like, all right, let's do it again. And, I, do the line And. I'm like, okay, that second one was perfect.


We're good. That's what I want to say. All right, right. We're good. Let's go. Let's go to the next line. He's like, no, let's do it again and again. I'm like, okay, all right. Okay, cool. All right, we'll do it. And then he is like, all right, cool. Now you ready to really do it. I'm like, I thought we were just doing it. I thought that was it. He was like, oh no, I wasn't recording at all. I was just making sure you were on, on top of it. I thought The classes get made Though. I'm like, okay, cool. So see, and that's, I'm not used to that. I'm used to, like I said, back to your place, one take, boom. The first line, it was just boom, boom, boom. I just make it quickly. And even when I told him that, he was like, yeah, no. Impossible. Like, no, that's how I do my records. So he was like, oh, so I'm really this point You know, like putting you through it. And I was like, yeah, but it's cool man.


It's all good. I'm, I'm You know. Ready to learn. It's all good. Did you ever think in your life that you'd probably sign the OVO? Or did you ever wanna sign the OVO? Yeah, I did. Absolutely. I'm a fan of Drake, so yeah, definitely wanted to. I remember having conversations with Snoop, like, Hey, You know who he should go to, man, who I should do some records. Well, let me go over here and go to Drake. He's like, yeah, yeah, no, for sure. Yeah, I call him, all right, cool. And then I wait and then did Go, Kendrick messed all that up, Man. Kendrick, that's a whole other thing. Yeah. But I like him both. Why Did you ask that? Because His name's I told, I told Oh, oh, Oh. Yeah. So I wanted to be that You know And I was like, ohm, October birthday's 10 17. This would be perfect fit.


But Oh, or Gucci. Gucci is 10 17. Yeah, 10 17. Yeah. That's right. That's right. But Snoop is a great, great fit, man. I just love, I really love, I'm, I'm actually a happy artist. Like I talked to so many artists that are just so unhappy and depressed and You know. It's like they have people over their shoulders all the time. And, I. That's not what happens at death row, right? Snoop is like, Hey, how you feeling this week? I'm feeling like a pop record. Alright, cool. Call me when it's done. That's it. There's no stress about it. There's no, oh, we shouldn't do that. Let's do it. That's Right. Being someone who has done it all for so long, like for yourself, what was the transition like, having to take the lead of like other people with your vision?


Tough. Yeah, very. 'cause I've just been, like you said, I've been doing this for so long, learning, doing this engineering thing, doing the mixing, doing all this stuff. And I'm just like, okay, I can get this done. Because I look at a lot of artists, it's like, oh yeah, I really want Sade to drop another Album. It's like, oh, eight years later. I don't like, it doesn't in my head because I just taught myself in my head. I'm like to take that much. So And I look at other artists too, and I'm like, well, you got all the resources. You have everybody's number in your phone. Why isn't your Album getting done quicker? Like, why aren't you, I maybe they're not in a zone, maybe they're getting pressured.


I don't know. I just, like I said, I'm a happy artist, so I'm not pressured by anything. I'm financially stable. Like I'm good. So I can go in the studio right now and be like, okay, cool. You need, alright, I'll work on the third Album right now. Or I'll work on a country record. I'll work on a pop whatever's, because he, that's what helps me make great RB is by switching genres, taking a break. Because I don't want to, I don't want to be Marvin, so let me not get too heavy in that bag. Lemme go over here to country real quick and write this real quick and just take a break and then go over here to something else. How was to with Maxwell and Jasmine Sullivan? Amazing, amazing. Two great artists, me and Maxwell Close man. He's just a really great dude. Like he's been making sure everybody's taken care of.


And it's just been amazing. The crowd is just absolutely just is. I'm in like, I'm in awe of, they sang word for word. Even my stuff You know and me opening up for them. Like I did my first tour in January, which sold out majority of the tour and they were singing it. Then I was like, I don't know if they're gonna do it this time. They, they're doing it this time as well. Have you done records? I'm surprised by that. You said even my stuff, like you didn't think You know your Music. Yeah, no, because I just, in, in my head, I'm just still this dude in South Bend, Indiana that's trying to make it, I still feel like I'm going to the studio, just trying to, oh man, I really hope they like it. I still have that. So impost, it's slight imposter syndrome kind of. Yeah. I'm just like, I'm like, man, there's, there's no way.


I don't think they're gonna like this. I don't think Snoop's heard me say, I don't think they're gonna like this a hundred times over. I did not think they're gonna like rebirth of Marvin. I didn't think they were gonna like back to your place. What? I was like, no, there's no way. I was like, this ain't, this ain't hot right now. And they love it. And I'm just like, okay. So that's why I like letting the people decide. So You let real quick If you, you let the, you were kind of letting the trends of r and b got.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. It feels good knowing that at t has your back. They take out all the guesswork and the stress letting you get back to simply doing you. Whether you're a dedicated entrepreneur, a multihyphenate creative, a busy parent, or all of the above, you deserve a service provider that gets you and your needs. So relax and let at and t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


Focus features presents piece by piece, a first of its kind Lego movie event. The story of revolutionary artists. Pharrell Williams turns up the volume on your imagination with a big screen experience like no other. Discover what it takes to build the greatest music ever assembled with a star stud lineup. Snoop Dogg, Kendrick Lamar, Gwen Stefani, Justin Timberlake, Jay-Z Busta Rhymes, dap Punk and more piece by piece rated pg directed by Morgan Deville opens October 11th and theaters everywhere. Get tickets at piece by piece film.com.


ODU Is business management made so simple. A kid could explain it. Sometimes Business software can't talk to other programs. But du funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So you should use DU because they save you money. Du makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now@ooo.com. That's ODO o.com.


Good job.


Thanks. Moments like seeing my son's team, cheer him on mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body. They mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away. If, you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection, liver or kidney problems, or, or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite


Hitting the road to escape your situationship. Time to replace them with something that actually has your back at Baboon to the moon. Were all about colorful, durable bags that take your getaway to the next level. With a limited lifetime warranty. These durable endlessly schlep travel bags make hauling shit across the airport somehow. Fun. These bags are built for every adventure and misadventure life throws your way. Find your next adventure ready bag at baboon to the moon.com. Now get lost and make The World more colorful. And don't forget to text your mom when you get there.


Had you, as opposed to what traditional r and b is 'cause you make to me traditional r and b. But you thought because of the way people make r and b nah, they don't want to hear this traditional. Exactly. That's exactly what I was thinking. When you say about them Hoes. Oh my God. I mean, You Wanted to redo Bitches Ain't shit but Holes and Tricks. RB version bitches Ain't shit. Oh my You know. Yeah, we actually, yeah, I think dog's gonna watch. Thank you Charlamagne. I'm definitely gonna credit you on that. I'm send you, I'm gonna send you something I'm gonna send you here. But That's why I broke through. Like when I heard it, I was like, who is I thought you, I honestly, I thought you were like an older God. Like somebody I, I really was so surprised.


I was like, what is this song? And then I just kept hearing it. So to hear that you didn't even think that we were gonna like it, I'm like, that is insane. Yeah. I'm so happy that you didn't get in your own way. No, Definitely. No, no, no, no, No. Definitely would like to add that. I went to that show at Barclays, the mic was on. And that was really impressive too. 'cause a lot of people vocally live don't hit like the actual record. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Now the mics were on, man Max's is on Jasmine's on mine is on And. I. Make sure I let people know. Like I'm not, I'm not a autotune artist. I had my face when T-Pain came out. I was all, everything. I have a list of albums in my hard drive that I Just, you got everything. Oh, And I just like So tpa. It is ridiculous You.


know what I'm saying? So I was like, oh, this is it. Boom, I'm gonna do this. You know, I'm gonna get on like doing this. And is that time we're like 10 times over? Like, oh, okay. Nope, that didn't work out. Oh, I got this meeting with, nevermind. That didn't work out. So This is really random. But speaking of like trying to like things not working out. You were on Empire. I was on Empire, yeah. And Then you were so you did, I I read about it. You were doing really well. They were talking about making you a bigger character empire. Yeah. Than all the Jesse stuff. The Jesse smaller stuff happened. You over Pissed. You look like a lion though. Oh, sh You know, know about when you walked in. I'm like, I know. He was pissed.


That would've been so perfect for you. Oh man. Man, Come on man. No, I mean, yeah, I thought it was, that was my first time doing any type of acting. Snoop was like, y'all, I'm gonna, we're gonna add you to Empire. I'm like, nigga, I can't act. He was like, yeah you can. I'm like, no I can't man. That's not my lane. I'm just, come on man. And I went on. Come on man. And I went on there and, and did it. And the director was like, how long you been acting And? I was like, today. He was like, I think we should sit down and talk. I'm like, okay, this is the thing. I still think I'm dreaming. So I'm like, there's no way even being on here, The, Breakfast, Club. I've been watching y'all for a long time. It's like, like just as I was sitting in the background, I was just like, damn, this is really happening.


So that's how I kind of felt on Empire. So then when Jesse messed it up for me, I was pissed. Soon as I on the news, like shit, as soon as I dream on news, I'm like, oh shit. I was like, come On, come on man. Come On man. Don't do me like that. Skinny. It's interesting, right? Because these are the type of stories when you really, really take off, everybody's gonna be like, damn, this guy came outta nowhere. But you've been with Snoop since 2016. That's great. Yeah, just doing background stuff. Like doing You know, when I first got with him, he was like, yo, I'm about to go on tour want, don't you to come on tour with me. So me doing a small crowd, it didn't start off that way. It started off with 50,000 people.


So now when I'm doing this with Jasmine and Max, max is like, you are really comfortable and say something. I'm like, yeah. I'm like, small crowds make me anxious. Really small crowds. If I'm in a crowd of like a hundred, I'm like, I can hear everybody's thoughts like, that nigga ain't hitting that note like that You know. Like, oh, you sound a little dry today. You know what I'm so doing. That kind of just molded me to be a, a better performer. So doing that and then now coming on this tour where it's You know tens, 20,000 people, it, it just feels, feels normal to me. And being with Snoop since 2016, I've just been doing that. I've been touring with him several times overseas, everything. Mm.


And just doing like the, the, the, all the stuff with him and Martha Stewart. Like I did the song for the him and Martha Stewart show The Cooking with Mar You. know And I did that record. And then all his albums from 2016. I've been on, I've been doing backgrounds or I've been doing hooks. So I've just been chilling and really caking up. Does October London trust his, his own talent? Not, not, not, not his ability to, I guess sound like others, but do you trust your own talent? Absolutely. I've, I, I've been doing it for a while, so I I I know exactly what I can do. I have so much stuff in the hard drive that I can't wait to drop. Like, it makes me anxious even being on the bus, this whole tour, I'm just listening to the records and everybody gets together and we listen to all the records and we're just like, yo, this is really just the starting point.


Like they have no idea what's to come. You know. Let's, can we play a Record with, Oh, go ahead. No. Oh, I was gonna say, I, I know that you're involved on the Doggy Land for kids. Yeah. Yeah. Talk to me about what do you like Exactly. Do you do? Yeah. Yeah. You putting you on. Yeah. No, I've been, that's what I'm saying. So You know Snoop's been looking out for a long time. Snoop came in the studio one day or one night and was like, Hey, what do you think about doing a kid's record? And I was like, yeah, that's fine, whatever. I can do that. I made one kid's record. He came back in the studio. Alright, let me hear what you got. Played it. He was like, dope. Can you do another one like that? And I was like, yeah, of course. This time I called my son on FaceTime.


My son's seven And. I was like, Hey, I need you to add some vocals to this You know. He was like, okay, dad. You know. And this time we did a record called Brush Brush. So we ended up doing that and Snoop came in. He was like, who is the kid? I was like, that's my son, your nephew. He was like, oh, snap. Like, okay, cool. I think we should do an Album. All right, cool. Gimme till tomorrow. 'cause I'm quick. I'm Like, gimme till tomorrow. Tomorrow's Crazy Album. Yeah. Color. When we came out in 2016, we came out when I, me and Snoop came out with Colorblind. I did 18 songs in two or three days. Wow. Wow. I got myself sick and he was like, all right, you need to go back to the hotel. Like, 'cause I was like, no one shot. You get one shot.


That's true. And that was my one shot. I'm knocking out 18, so I'm very, I I knock him out really quick. So he was like, okay, cool. So I knocked out the Album and then he called Claude Brooks and he was like, yo, I got an idea for a show. Let's call it Doggie Land. And now I'm the, I'm the co creator of Doggie Land Dope. I am the voice of Wolfie And I do the music. That's Dope, man. Congratulations. Yeah. You don't see this type of artist development no more. You don't see people just like working with an artist every step of the way. You know. And then most artists won it right away. Remember he been signed since 2016. Most artists would've left in 2017, was like, I ain't popping yet. I'm gone. Yeah. Yeah. You seen The vision? Absolutely. Yeah. I saw the vision. But Snoop will tell you, I gave him a hard time too.


You did? Yeah. Absolutely. I mean, yeah, I get you. What artist did you see popping and was like, yo, that could have been, that should have been me, Bryson Tiller. Nah, I wouldn't say Bryson Tiller. Bryce Tiller came out of nowhere to me. I was like, oh, this is dope. I'm a I'm actually a fan of Bryson Tiller. I don't know what artist came, I know one artist that made me actually kind of pissed me off to be honest. Who? And that was, and that, and I'll tell you the story. Why. So it's 2004. Who was popping? Who just came out with just gotta make it, Just gotta makey All day. He got the braids. I got the braids. He light skinned. I'm light skinned. And my boy Travis looked at me and was like, damn, he gonna let this nigga eat you up like that?


And he just walked away. And ever since then, I've just paused. Definitely a pause, pause moment. Sorry. He should have paused the back door before with the key. But go ahead, keep going. He missed it. If he ain't paused, He missed it. He Missed it. But go ahead. He missed it. So, so at that point I was like, okay, cool. It made me competitive. So I'm super, super competitive. Like I've been on, I'm not gonna say the artist, but I've been on different shows where You know several artists on this show and they'll do certain things. And I'll go in the back room and I'll put on Michael Jordan's last dance, and I'll sit there for about a good 30, 40 minutes, watch that.


And I'll go out there And compete. Yep. Everything's a competition dog. Snoop will consistently, like, it's not a competition man. You don't have to be like, You know be so hard. So I'm like, nah, Uhuh. No. You see that high note? He did? Nah, nah, nah, I can't let him live. Dang. I love that though. H How, how exhausting was it working with Tyree You know Tyrese is a, is a great friend of mine. He's a great Dude guy. He's a great guy, right? He's a no great dude. Not exhausting at all. He just, he's passionate. He just, he's just a passionate person. He, he puts, he literally wears his heart on his sleeve and you gotta give it to him. Sure. But how exhausting was it working with him in the studio? We all know him. Like, like, I just want to know, like Bedroom Bully.


How long did it take y'all to make that record? That didn't take a day. Not with him. Bed. Bed. I don't know how long it took him. You know how long it took me. Okay. So he sent, he sent the record to me and was like, I got this record. He called me, said, I got this record, I think you'd be great on it. It's very secret Garden And. I was like, okay, bet. Just, just send it. And I was in the lab already. He sent the beat. And I was like, yo, this is dope. And he had a little bit of his vocals on it. And I was like, okay, cool. So then really I wanted him to do his vocals first 'cause the competitive part. And then I was like, nah, don't worry about it. You know it's Tyrese. I ain't tripping. You know we brothers. I went in and put my part on there. Then he put his part on there and that was it. But it took me, You know, 30 minutes, knocked that out.


I don't know how long it took him to get his knocked out, but for me it was, it was nothing but bedroom. Willie is, and that's on the Album too. It's on his and mine. When you do a song like that, do you feel pressure to always deliver to a woman sexually? Absolutely. Okay. Absolutely. I love cars and women. Period. Did you guys make this record before or after you almost burned his house down? That's just what I heard. This was after. This was after. Yeah. Tyrese almost burned down Tyrese house. The person, The person that almost burned his house down is sitting right behind me. No. Oh yeah. What? This the house in la? No, Atlanta. Atlanta. Okay. Tyree's Atlanta House. What happened? Burn hookah. I forget That. That's a shame that you knew what it was.


That's the only way you burn a house down nowadays. Hookah the Hook Atlanta. Right, Because You know we were listening to some music and we're all You know drinking except for Tyrese. 'cause Tyrese don't drink. And my boy, Jamie was listening to the music, he got hyped up and he was just like, whoa, You know this, def this, the record is gonna be crazy. And he got up and he knocked it over and nobody noticed that first And I turned And, I looked, And I was like, I saw security moving really fast. One of the security guys moving really fast. And he started patting on the floor. And I'm like, what the hell? Iss he doing? Stinky Leg or something. I don't know what the hell he's doing. So And I was just like, okay, cool. All right, I guess he's feeling the record now. I look, I'm like, oh, oh, oh, the rug's on fire.


His Voltron rug's on fire. I was like, oh, nice. So he's trying to put that out, grabbing the coals off the thing and all that. And Jamie felt bad and Tyrese gives him, gives him shit every time. What Flavor was the Hookah? Damnit? I don't even know. I'm Just trying to see, was it worth it? I don't know. It might have been like mango berry cream or something. I'm telling not Even no min, that y'all almost burnt that house down from Mango Berry. That's crazy. I know, right? That's crazy. That is not a good way to go out. So You know every, every time Tyrese sees Jamie, he's like, he can't come in my house. He can't come out unless he's carpet. Yeah, he owes me a carpet. But You know he lets him in anyway, so it's good. Now, the song time, did you have wedding song in mind when you wrote that? Absolutely. Okay. Absolutely. So time actually is, we are in 2024.


So that was done in oh eight. So what are we, that's 15, 15, 16 years in the game. It's been sitting in my hard drive for 15, 16 years. Mm. Wow. So that's an old song, old song that me and my, one of my best friends, Mike Letter outta Miami, we did that record and yeah, I played it for, for a dog. I think I played it maybe four or five, six times. And he remembers and then doesn't remember, but he remembered it this time. He was like, yeah, we should put this on the Album And I And I loved it because I've been waiting to put that Album out because it's just a beautiful ballad. It really, you didn't do nothing to it. You just, that's how it was recorded. Oh Eight. It re remixed. Oh, okay, okay. Yeah, yeah. Remixed. And, and we added, we added some organ to it. Superfly came in and added like little, little, little things to You know little splashes.


But other than that same record. When You wrote that in oh eight, what was your mindset? Was there somebody you wanted to marry or somebody you wanted to spend in the rest of? Nah, I was a, I was a SAP man back in oh eight, so I was doing everything I possibly could to You know I was doing, I was doing the most, yeah, I was, I was, listen, sad But ain't nothing wrong With with it Was like a no, like a kinda like a You know A sucker You. know what I'm saying? What's wrong with that? Nothing wrong with it. But You know You would tell a woman stuff like that. I wanna spend the rest of my life with You know. Oh my God. Yeah. I had poems and shit. Oh, poem. Throw that. Nothing's wrong with it. But Charlamagne had poems too. You Did. You was texting the poems or you would like mail them. I feel like you would mail them. I was. I was. I was.


I'm just asking depending On how old you are. That's the era we come from. We come from that You know. He's a couple years You know You go with me. Yes. No, maybe area. I just wanna know because why There's wrong with, we always be online. Like we missed that. Like the begging. Begging. We love you. We love you. You was doing it and you got scared. I trick you. I was writing a lot of poems back then. For some reason I can't write a single poem now. Who tricked you out just by what happened? No. So I happy man. I got my heart broke, so I was just kind in and then got my heart broken again. So I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to laugh. I'm so, It's all No, you just laughing. My pain. And I. No, Ain't Got nobody. So she You, I just hate to hear that because that and then we, she Rejecting. She's rejecting. She's been hurt. She's been hurt.


She'd like to see men that have been hurt. Now she's in the white men though. She's like white men. Oh, Not, oh, Brad Pitt. Travis Kelsey. Travis. Oh, Caleb Plant. But you're light skinned, so she's willing to meet in the middle. Oh, nice. That's dope. But she went To Delaware State. HPCU. Damn. All right. What else? Y'all got more questions for real? Well, The, the Sappiness makes for great music. Absolutely. And I mean. I was trying to say, yeah. Even The record Eternity that got on the Color Purple soundtrack, that was a 15, 16-year-old record. I did Eternity right after me. And Mike did Eternity right after Time. So, but Third Shift was a fresh freshly done record.


I saw you just preview that. Yeah. Yeah. Was that the bridge or the hook that you was playing? Who, who was in there conducting this? Well, the whole record For third shift. Yeah. I, I went to Jeff Giddy and Jeff was like, yo, you wanna record it here? I was like, no, I'm going home. And I flew back home to South Bend. I recorded there and then sent it to dog. And Dog was like, yo, this is something fresh. This is something new. And then went back to Jeff Giddy and got another track, which is Kill Shot. So, kill Shot and Third Shift was produced by Jeff Giddy. So You still live in South Bend? Absolutely. Wow. I'm not, I'm not, nah. If, if I leave, it's not gonna be anywhere. I'm not going to la I am not going to New York. Miami's my weak spot.


That's my weak spot. Is It good? 'cause you probably, you probably get grounded when you go home. Yeah, Absolutely. I get to be around family, friends, like people on tour with me. Like they're my day ones. Like I don't, I feel like I might lose myself if I go and move somewhere where I have to be seen all the time in red carpet all the time. And, I. I just feel like I'm gonna lose myself. So I, I go back home. I can come to New York, come kick it for the weekend, come see y'all, and then I'm back home. Right back home. I'm right back home. 'cause my son is there. He goes to a great school there. And. I. Just You know. I like being with my son. I like chilling, being at home. There you go. And if I need anything or something goes wrong, I'm right there where I need to be.


So, You know. Two final questions. How did your mom feel about Mama? She loved it. She, she loves it. 'cause we played it in the studio for a bunch of people not too long ago. I think that was maybe last month or something like that. Or maybe soon. I don't know. Time is flying by. But we played it and she gets teary eyed every time. And one of the people that were in the studio, she's like, oh my God, like I love Mama so much. And it's just, does your mom know that you You know you made this record. And I was like, she's sitting right behind you. And she goes, oh, You know. So yeah, the mama, I, I really cannot wait to put that record out. I cannot wait. 'cause I, I, I love the record a lot. And I actually did that when Snoop's mom passed. Wow. So when, so Snoop's mom passed, was the inspiration for you to write that?


Ooh, exactly. So when Snoop, yeah. The day after Snoop's mom passed, he was in the studio. And I was just like, I got my boy, I got him. And I went in there, And I just did it. And then I was like, yo, I want you to hear something. And I played it for him and he just You know, Broke down crowd. And it made You appreciate your mom still being Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. So You know, I just think it's a great record. I can't wait to drop it. And That's one of the reasons you probably don't wanna leave South Bend ever. I don't, I, nah, I just feel comfortable there. People, You know, like everybody knows me. I know them. Nobody really messes with me there. You know. Nobody's messed up any of my cars yet. So that's great. So I'm, I'm pretty good. I'm I'm happy there. You know as of right now. And it's really cheap to live.


That's the cost of living is important. Cost of living is very important. Yeah. So You know you go do all this and then you just go back home and chill. Come on. You. know. Well what you wanna hear off the Album? What you wanna hear? Let's play something. Well, she brought up Third shift. Third shift. So might as well play third shift. Alright. Well, October nights comes out this Friday. And we appreciate you for joining us. Thank you. Thank You. Appreciate It. And let's get into it. It's October London. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause If, you wanted to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break. Stay foreman.


DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No.


Making smarter financial moves today secures your financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Now we have a level of privilege that our parents never had. So what do we do with it? Right? How do we, how do we utilize the opportunities that we have that they don't? Right? And a lot of that is educating ourselves. Educating ourselves on how to not make the same mistakes they did. Like. a good neighbor, State Farm is there. State Farm proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast Network.


Passport check charger, check three books you probably won't read. Check a durable and colorful bag to stuff it all in. Meet baboon to the moon. Our colorful technical bags are built for all the wild and weird places life takes you. Whether it's a spontaneous trip or running from your boss's endless to-do list with a limited lifetime warranty. Your baboon to the moon bag is up for well everything you are. Find the perfect one for your next trip at baboon to the moon.com. Now get lost and make The World more colorful.


Moments Like my daughter telling me a new joke mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away. If, you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough, or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


HBCUs are the mecca of black scholars and BET plus is the home of black creators. Celebrate the black experience on BET plus with over 2,500 hours of black content and 1 billion hours streamed. BET plus is the number one black streaming service stream ad free original series and movies, and weekly premiers 24 7 on BET plus with the premium monthly plan for a limited time, new subscribers stream for up to 50% off. BET plus has Culture on Lock, black Stars, legendary throwbacks, and new series you'll love.