
This is an iHeartPodcasts. If you are not watching BMF on Stars, you are seriously missing out from executive producer Curtis 50 cent Jackson. The new season is coming and Meech and Terry are leveling up. They're expanding their empire, launching a music label, and even hitting the 1995 source awards. Oh, and did I mention Lamar is back. BMF is where Drama hustle and hip hop collide. The drama top tier, the stakes higher than ever. This is the season everyone's going to be talking about. Don't miss the season premiere June 6th, only on Stars. And The Stars App.


Support for Eating while Broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career, the next step. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years. As the nation's largest nursing school, Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Learn more@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belonged to something greater certified to operate by Chev


Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing mis and seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bows premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging leather. A pointed seats are optional features.


You know what's great about your investment account with the big guys. It's actually a time machine. Log in and zoom. Welcome back to 1999. It's time for an upgrade@public.com. You can invest in almost everything, stocks, bonds, options, and more. You could even put your cash to work at an industry leading 4.1% a PY. Leave your clunky, outdated platform behind@public.com. Go to public.com and fund your account in five minutes or less. Pay for by Public Investing Inc. Member FINRA and SIPC, full disclosures at public.com/disclosures.


Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren La Rosa is here as well. And we got a special guest in the building. The legendary. That's right. Miss Marock Akil. Welcome. Thank you. Good morning. Good, good morning. Good morning. Nice to be here. How are you? Blessed black and highly favored. How's your energy? It's great. Okay. I'm really, I'm floating. How does it feel to have yet another hit TV show? Another, Another hit TV show. But this is global. This is like the first time I have been on a stage this big. Normally my shows are on up and coming networks, so I'm, I feel like an ingenue actually.


I feel, I feel both veteran and both. I'm also in awe, you know, it's just this to an idea is a global conversation that is kind of, I'm, I'm sitting in that mostly my career. I've been thinking about a national conversation, but this is a global one. And I Emini here. I I've always known that our stories are global, but for it to be a reality is pretty special. Wow. And another hit right to be at it. Cool. Emini here. 30 years in the game. Wow. 30 years in the game. I love it. But let's talk about it. Of course. For people that are just tuning in, you created shows like Girlfriends The Game being Mary Jane. You've written on the Jamie Fox Show and so many others.


But this one is Maisha Mo. So many South Central Mo C. So many I see you. This one's on Netflix Black. Yeah. Yeah. This one's on Netflix. Yep. So how did the next, the Netflix play come together? We're doing forever. Well, I had a deal, you know, my career did garner me a really wonderful deal outta that deal. I did stamp from the beginning. I hope you guys saw that amazing doc documentary that Roger Ross Williams directed. But about Dr. I Abraham Ken's work about the the racist lies Emini here, the Myths of Racism. That was my first offering in my deal. And this was the second. It took a minute strikes and executive changes and whatnot.


It took a minute to get this one out, but it was, it was special from the beginning. I met Judy Bloom, somebody else's icon. Come on, come on. Icon. Two of my favorite storytellers coming Together. I Know. Unbelievable. Come on. Emini here. Emini here. And that's God. Absolutely. First of all, I didn't even realize that the, the book was gonna be 50 years old by the time we released it was not even in my thinking of that time. Yeah. It came out in 75. Yeah. 75. Yep. But yeah, it took us a minute to get it out, but we got it out. And so when Netflix heard that, that my take on her story, she was about, they were like, we are about that too. So it was a beautiful synergy.


One thing I will say about Netflix, when they're behind something, they're behind it, completely supported, resourced. I think that's what's important to me in this, this moment of this hit show is that it was, my vision was supported financially. And, and also the episode five, we went to the vineyard, taking your crew across the country in the middle of production. That is another level of support and in a place that the infrastructure's not there. Thank you so much. Yeah. So it was, it was amazing to feel like, wow, I'm supported. They got money. We to have the vision that I want and to get the people that I need, the collaborators.


It's been, it's, it's been amazing. So, short answer is Judy Bloom is Marba kill Netflix, wanted all of that. Do you approach Netflix? Do you approach it differently? Because you know what, a lot of the shows that we spoke about is you have to wait for next week. Right. So it's almost like you can't wait. You schedule it, you write it down. Well, Netflix, a lot of times it's a lot differently because everything is right there. Smacker, you can binge watch it. Yeah. At your own leisure. Yeah. Correct. When, you know, that's, I think that's what I, I I'm thankful for to know how to make television and be able to stretch the canvas differently, given different circumstance. And so my job is to keep those, keep you on those eight episodes. I learned that back in the day when we used to have to do cliffhangers for the season.


Like, you know, during Girlfriends or even Moesha, we had to get you watching for the, you know, for the end of the, the season or if there was a break in the middle of the season. So I learned how to craft that. Shout out to my mentor. I'm always gonna shout out my mentor, Ralph Quire. I learned how to make TV that way. How to keep you engaged, how to keep that binge going. So I understood that. But it also was, it was also sort of just a fun way to play in their sandbox. How do you win on their, with their rules? And so that was, for me, as a creative is wonderful. But there's an like that athlete spirit in me. Like, I want the ball. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like, all right. That's like, I want the ball. Let's go. So that was fun to figure out.


You, You said Judy Bloom was your first permission slip as a storyteller. Oh my goodness. So how does your inner child feel knowing that you have done such justice to one of her iconic work? Why Does my inner, she feels on Cloud nine. She is twirling, she is cartwheel. I used to cartwheel back in the day. I could cartwheel, backend, all the things she's doing, all of that. I'm very proud of myself. It was interesting because I, my body of work or, or I approach my work, I don't ever, I never saw myself as needing ip. I, I'm like, I'm full of stories. I'm full of original stories. So, but when the opportunity to reimagine one of her books, there was no thinking.


My hand just went up. And I feel like it was a little protective as well. It was like, I wanna protect that story. I wanna be able to tell that story. But my little girl is like, she's she cabbage patching. Does she feel like she made it? Do y'all feel like you made it finally? Oh, she felt like she's felt like she's made it a long while ago. Okay. I think this is different in that it's a full circle moment. I feel, I often say that you become a writer as a reader first. And so I used to get lost in the pages of Judy Bloom. And so for me to be just the divinity of it, like the divineness of it, that I would come full circle 50 years later. Like those kinds of things. Right.


It's almost like it, it was written for me. It was written for me. And Judy, matter of fact, I'm gonna get a chance to meet her personally. I'm so excited. You go down to Key West. I'm, Yeah, yeah. I am. Okay. Yeah, I am. You, you lived this life once and I'm, I'm gonna live in that dream. So yeah. I'm excited to meet her. We met at the time on Zoom and talked on the phone and emailed. But just to meet her and say thank you and have her sign my book. I'm just, that 12-year-old girl is running to Key West. Wow. I, I, I've, I've did it. I've done it a couple times. Yeah. Just to go, just to go meet Ms. Blue. Absolutely. I love it. Yeah. Just to, you know, that's why I, I I, what I really would love is for people to honor more of their story, the craftsmanship, sitting in the chair and writing.


That woman sat in the chair and wrote Emini here, like, Emini here. It's like she never got out of the chair. Just writing and that and what it would do, just someone sharing a story, just like my own testimony is it ignited something in me. And I think that even the feedback I'm getting from the show, not just the show, but the shows I've had in my career, it has ignited other storytellers. And I want us to do, I want us to do more by that. We have so many stories in us that will die in us. Yeah. If we don't even start crafting them and writing them down. And I appreciate like social media and, and we can do things, video and content. I get that too. And that's a beautiful expression.


But to literally craft story from a writing perspective, to have those layers of, of, of theme and complexity and understanding that her book is still through, through this show now is still, it still lives. It's universal. Yeah. It's, it's, it's, it's forever. See what I did there? What? The Original book was written in the seventies. Yeah. 75. Why did you choose to specifically set this story in 2018? Well, I Had to look at what would make it fresh today and what to maybe have to look at what, where the kids are today. And Judy And I talked about, well, they know a lot about sex.


Like there's so much you can just hit Twitter, hit, hit, hit, whatever. But there's no Twitter anymore. You get the point. But intimacy, connection, those things, I think we're further away. Even though we are more techno tech, I can't get this word out technologically advanced. We don't have though these tools or meant to connect us. We are using them in very disconnecting ways. And I think that to, to bring the phone into the conversation, one is an opportunity to talk about something unique to this culture. Yeah. Emini here, excuse me, culture, but this generation, excuse me, what it is doing to them personally, emotionally, their emotional self, their their, and then how it's even affecting their physical self and then affecting their future.


And that's what the book was about. How do we explore our emotional self, our physical self, while maintaining a healthy future? And this was my conversation today also between, I also wanna talk about in the Black family, by, by changing the white family to black, it allowed me to also talk about a time that I think is very important for us to, to document between Trayvon Martin's murder and George Floyd's murder. George Floyd's murder. We as black people, we as black families, as mothers and fathers, we were screaming into a vacuum about the fear over our children. And there was no amount of fancy zip codes or education that can save your child.


You know? And that was scary. And I wanted, I needed a place for me as a mother to release all of that fear. And then also then look at how much we are, we are out of love, but we are raising our children from that fear. That's right. Yeah. That's right. And how that is hurting our children and their inability to have a natural rite of passage to explore, again, their emotional, either emotional self, their emotional maturity. Yeah. Their physical self, their physical maturity to have sex or not have sex, who to have it with, what's the right conditions. All of those choices that they're supposed to be making right now.


Yeah. To protect the beautiful future. And that's another thing. We need to open up some space because our children also need a future. And it's tough out there. And I, I couldn't imagine being them today, thinking about when people are, what do you wanna be when you grow up? Well, what's out there? And so, and we, adults need to get it together. And so this is a part of my, my offering. When the, I was going, when the book, so back in the seventies, it was controversial because of the things that explored today. It's not controversial because we are so open. Like what you talk about when you were crafting like what the storyline would be and how you would redo it. Were there things that you were like, I wanna make sure I get to or make sure I get in this storyline?


'cause you also made it feel closer to home for like black teens. Like Yeah, you know what now forever feels like it's our story, but you had to do it a different way. You Know, I think it's controversial, black male vulnerability. It's just, there's no room for it. I think there's no images for it. And yet when I'm looking in The World and within my own children, their friends and the community beyond that, a lot of boys and more specifically black boys, they're not all that hard. You know, they don't have any room for their complexity. They don't have any room for their feelings. Like the, it's always funny to me, especially about the group of boys that I'm around. They're all privileged. They live a great life. Time to take a picture. They were laughing two seconds ago. You trying to take the picture and then they get that stoic face.


Yes. What you, what you, what you mean mugging for like, you know, and you realize how much that's imparted on young black boys all the time about what is manly, what are those images of what a man is. And I wanted to make room for the real reflection. I'm, I'm actually looking at the real thing. It's just what gets on that bigger screen and how important it is. I know we talk about representation matters. That's why it matters. You gotta see yourself Yeah. In order to decide, is that beautiful? Is that how I wanna look? You know, is that right? Is that that tight? I can't see it. And I think, I also think boys and working on this project, it made me look at something I hadn't looked at before.


I think boys are getting their heartbroken a lot sooner. I Felt so bad for adjusting the whole time. Why? Because I just felt like some of the things that they were experiencing, like I had Emini here. I remember being that age and going through like my first like, relationship things. But I, I don't know, it just felt like a lot of times the characters, they, they were yearning for this like space of like, I don't know, to just be okay. And then things would be going good. And then something would else would happen. It be something small. It would be like, for Keisha, like the video gets sent to her phone and she's finally in this relationship, you know what Emini here. Like, things were just like happening. And I'm like, they kids, like, why can't they just be and not have to deal with these things? It's Life. Yeah. It's life. And it's also technology that we didn't have.


We got some freedoms without, you know, that they don't, they're not afforded. And so that's what I wanna talk about. It's like, are we making any room for them? Like, one of the things that I love when we, every production meeting, I said, we're making an epic and intimate love story within a love letter to Los Angeles. Right. And what that meant to me is that we need to see them in scope and scale and epic. I need to see them, their bodies in the space in Los Angeles, what that means is that they be, it's a feeling cinematically that I'm making you feel that they belong here. And when they belong here, they belong to us. And so you would engage with our children differently, psychologically, emotionally, those things are important in our image on the details.


The details on anyone makes them feel more human to you. So I wanna make just room for their humanity so that we, we think about the measures around technology. We think about what the rules are for these kids. Emini here. Like these kids are being told today that you make one false move. You won't get a scholarship. Emini here, come on. It's the truth though. They follows them for the rest of their lives, for the rest of their Lives, which is sad. And that where is any room, there's no humanity in that. That's How I felt. Maybe that that was the Yes. The humanity part. I'm like, yo, she's young. She made a mistake. Yeah. Now it's following her. And it's like he's in love and he just doesn't know how to navigate it. And now he feels like he's not a good person, or not a, not a good per, he doesn't feel like he can win the girl in the beginning of things.


Yeah. And I felt bad for that. Like, but You know what, back in the day, back in the day, boys had to walk across the room to ask you to dance. That was tough. And that was, and that was tough. Had you ever, have you ever done that? Dj? Of course. Yeah. How did, did you ever get rejected? No, I never rejected DJ shrimp Before. You was like, because I'll be honest, I only went when I knew I was gonna be received. If I knew I was gonna get rejected or there was a 50 50 chance, I wasn't gonna try. Oh. 'cause remember it wasn't, you know, back then it was a party and everybody standing on the wall. Yep. And you have, like you said, you have to walk across. And if I knew this person wasn't feeling me, didn't wink at me, didn't have a crush on me, didn't write me a a letter, Didn't hold a stare, didn't hold.


Yeah. I wasn't going. But if I knew that got that little stare, that little smile I was gonna go. So It was just a Dominican. But see, all of those social cues that you have to learn in real time, we're not learning that. There's no space for that. So I'm advocating for, I, I want the kids to be back outside. Like, it's even sad we shot on Fairfax Avenue. Right. It's a ghost town right now. But back in 2018 where it was depicted, that was a place for them to be. But there's, we are, where are kids allowed to be? But that's why I love the, the scene. I love the scenes at Mofos Vineyard. I love the scenes at the prom. Oh gosh. Especially at the prom. 'cause I feel like in that moment, Justin was, you know, everybody talks about he's chasing the young lady.


To me it felt like he was chasing his blackness. Yes. Yes. Yeah. That's what It felt like for me. Thank you for saying that. Yeah. You know, one of the things we was trying to say, trying to keep your son, trying to keep our children safe. Sometimes we're isolating them. He had a pretty prison, but it was up on a hill isolated. And he's looking for more. But I can also understand, Dawn, she's so scared to put him outside, you know, also scared. Is he gonna measure up to where they are? You know what I'm saying? She's probably not saying that, but that's psychologically it's kind of, it's, it's under there. But fun fact, I was so proud as a producer to put all those black and brown kids taking over the Santa Monica Pier. I don, you know, I found one, the location.


I think that's, I think the last time someone took over the pier at that scale was Tom Cruise. I was like, okay. Wow. But that means something to me. That means something that we, how we take up the space, the epicness and the beauty of us. These, these kids are looking like this all over our country. And we see it on Instagram or TikTok or things like, but to put it on that scale, that level of beauty, Anthony Hemingway directed his butt off in that. You know, the kids were just beautiful. The our our costume designers amazing. Our production design was amazing. Our cinematography was amazing. You know what I'm saying? We had the, we had the thing lit up. I was on cloud nine that day that we shot and we got out of there.


Safe and sound. That's also important. But it's our kids having space in The World, chasing their, chasing themselves, figuring out who they are, including of their blackness, including of their, you know, what they like, just who they are. Even the making room for, I know I get a lot of comments around, ah, he likes nato. Yeah. A lot of black kids love nato. That's right. You know, we're a part of The World. So that Was fun. And as much as it's a story about the kids, it's a story about the adults, right? Like, like the way Judy Bloom made people feel seen at 13. It feels to me like you're making us feel seen at 40 something, 50 something. So what do those ages need that nobody's writing about?


I I'm gonna keep saying this over just more complexity, more, more of our human side. Like I don I, you know, I have said before, I don't, you know, I don't really believe in positive images. I think they can be just as damaging as negative images. What do You mean expound on that? Yeah, break that Down because, okay. So the negative image is a is is, is a, a product of, of a lie kind. Going back to my, the documentary, like it's, it the perpetuating the lies and the myth of us that's been out there. So a lot of black people want a positive image because they wanna rewrite the wrong of somebody else's view of me.


But what that does in, as an artist, it keeps me behind the eight ball. I'm chasing up and trying to clean up somebody else's mess. I'm from the Z Neal Hurston School of Thought. I know my people. I see my people. I wanna be able to talk about them fully. And in the spectrum of our humanity, there is light and dark. We are not, we are not perfect to be perfect. That's just as hard to be perfect as it is to be bad. Like, I wanna, I want the spectrum of my humanity. I wanna be able to make a mistake and have my village patch me up and put me back out there. I deserve that. You deserve that. We deserve that. And so I want the spectrum of who I am. And sometimes I'm, you know, sometimes I'm, I'm not great and sometimes I am in the same day, in the same hour.


And I deserve that, that sort of exploration of who I am as a human being. And I give that to my characters. I think Dawn, for instance, you know, people, there's a lot of conversation about her as a mother, but that black mother has raised a lot kids to get them to keep them alive. Does she deserve looking at herself? Yes. Is, hi, my name is Mara Brock and I'm a former dawn. I, I put my pain on the screen. I think, you know, I wanted to out of love. I'm trying to overprotect my children And, and, and you Up and, and rightfully so. Yeah. But, and you ended up well, she ended up raising her child out of fear. Yeah. And not love. And that's a question I always ask. 'cause I feel like my father raised me outta fear and not love.


Not meaning that he didn't love me. Yes. Oh, they love, and, and the kids know that. The kids know that they're loved, but it still feels constrained. But That dynamic was amazing though, the way you had Don, you know, being the overprotective parent who was raising her son out of fear and not love. But then the Father, wood Harris character was, you know, high, high emotional iq, you know, very vulnerable, soft with his son in a way that we don't really see on tv, especially between black men and, and, and, and between black men. Period. You know, I thought that was Incredible. Thank you. I really, first of all, shout out to Wood Harris and Karen Pitman killed. Oh, love Wood Harris. Those roles, man, you couldn't have casted it any better. No. Emini here. Oh my God. That Emini here. Soon as we met Lovie and Michael and put them together, it was like, come on, chemistry.


Off, off the jump. Their chemistry was amazing. Karen and, and Woods. You know, the, I did wanna depict two types of black families that are, that we, that we recognize. Right? But speaking about Dawn the Edwards for a moment, it just shows you the need to have two partners in a home. Just the balance of it all. Absolutely. I think that Eric could be that because he has such a solid foundation in Dawn. You know what I'm saying? And vice versa. You know what I'm saying? I feel like he had his emotional maturity is be how much he is loved also by her.


And so, and he can allow for her fear in a moment like this. Keep in mind he's also aware of her worries about her children wearing a hoodie. So he understands, and boys, and he, he understands how, how assertive she is. And he knows all that stuff about her. And that's a lot of my backstory when I'm writing those characters and how much, and it's, and it, and it is irritating in, in parenting when you have different approaches at a very crucial moment when now the kids can talk back, you know, Emini here when they're younger, it's a little, you know, it's a little easier on the parenting dy different dynamics sometimes. But the stakes being high, right?


These, these children are about to be out of the house. Those things get a little bit, you know, we all react a little differently. Well Talk about the importance of that. I think we miss that a lot. We've seen it a lot more with my parents.


If you are not watching BMF on Stars, you're seriously missing out from executive producer Curtis 50 cent Jackson, the highly anticipated news season is coming, and Meech and Terry are leveling up. They're expanding their empire, launching a music label and making major moves in hip hop culture, even hitting the 1995 source awards. Oh, and did I mention Lamar's back? You already know. That means trouble. The rest of the Flannery family is also feeling the pressure. Charles and Lucille are facing the consequences of Meech and Terry's actions. And Nicole is caught in the middle dealing with her own growing pains. This season brings more drama, more heat, and more star power. Get ready for guest stars like Kofi Cereba, Skye Jackson, Tyler Lepley, Clifton Powell, Rockman Dunbar, sweetie Miles, Truitt, and more. The cast is stacked in the storylines. Next level. BMF is where drama hustle and hip hop collide. And this season, the stakes are higher than ever. Believe me, this is the season everyone's going to be talking about. Don't miss the explosive season premiere June 6th, only on Stars and The Stars app.


Hey, What up y'all? It's DEJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousins latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car.


The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus, with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic, chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world, because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field, or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts.


State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community, and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been, because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


And here we have a specimen from the early two thousands, a legacy investing platform. Please don't touch the exhibit folks. It could crash.


Ready to step outta the Financial History museum@public.com. You can invest in almost everything, stocks, bonds, options, and more. You could even put your cash to work at an industry leading 4.1% a PY. Leave your clunky, outdated platform behind. Go to public.com and fund your account in five minutes or less. Paid for by public investing Inc. Member FINRA and SI pc full disclosures at public.com/disclosures.


But I think in these days, people don't, I don't think care to really respect a two-parent household. It just seems like it's, it's very loose and people forget about what it means to kids and how important that is. Well, it's just another witness to the, you know, to the witnessing in a lot of ways. Like, you know, one of the things I, in my own parenting, I used to get frustrated about why the kids seem to act up a little bit more with me than they did with their father. And I was like, And I would complain to s Liam all the time. And then I later I realized, wow, what a privilege it is that your children are the safest with you to act the you know, what out.


You know, and you're just like, oh, I'm the safest place in The World for them to be, to just show they ass my safe place to live. Yeah. And when you realize that honor, it's like, oh, okay, so then how can I then how can I just be fortified, you know, in order to, to take those moments, right. When I realized then I feel like the father or the second parent is the first bridge to the outside world. And how needed that role is because they kind of, you know, they, they rise up a little bit. They, you know, they, they act, they act a little bit better for dad, you know, sometimes in, in the case of our home, right? And so there's a bridge to that emotional maturity that they can move through.


And then, then you drop 'em off at somebody's house and they come back. Your kid is amazing. Yes, they did this, they did that. And you're like, oh, so you do know how to act. And that, that just rhythm. And then sometimes, you know, when I would be upset about things, I did have someone there to tell me, or You're fine, they love you. You're, you're okay. You're, you're, you're tripping a little bit. You know what, Emini here, just relax a little bit. But that level of care, that level of the dance between the parents and the child is actually beautiful when you finally settle down into it and get into the roles.


They're just roles and it's okay to, it's okay to lean into them. And then, and then there's sometimes that, like, I get things that they don't get. I get not just the acting out. I get those, I get those intimate details, you know, I get those real when they're really, really safe and they're telling you things. You're like, oh, shoot, I'm trying to remember it so I can re so I can go back and tell, Don't tell dad though. Don't tell Dad and some things you don't. Yeah. For a while. Right. You know, Well see my wife, my wife will say, well, I, I'm gonna tell dad, but he's not gonna judge. You're not getting into trouble or, you know, some things. But I have the most difficult time with really being understanding. Right. And the reason being is, it's similar to what you just said. Like, my wife will yell at my kids every day, right.


For something small, I yell once a week. Yes. And it's the worst thing ever. And I'm like, but mom yells at you all the time. But mom doesn't yell like you, it's the same yell, but they feel like mom is that safe place. They can open up, they can be comfortable. But dad is the barrier to the outside world, A barrier to the outside world. And to see that, and, and then on, on Keisha's side being, you know, having a single mother. Right. How much you need a village. So she's very resourced. And you know, the Edwards were more resourced financially. They got nannies and housekeepers and stuff. She's got the village, she's got cousins, she's got her grandfather, her dad. And then we, that was, that was purposeful. We revealed that the dad's been around. We just, he's not physically there all the time.


And he's not carrying his complete share, but he is present. Your friend is an ass. I Just say that your friend as your friend is as I'll Just say that everybody is represented in this show. Okay. You get On my nerves. What's the most uncomfortable truth you had to face the right forever. Honestly, Just, you know, you'd like to think that you're an amazing mother. Just were with my shortcomings as a mother. I think when I acknowledge that, I think not only my children and then our, our our, our community of children need more space. I had to look at where I was allowing that. I think that was uncomfortable.


I think the other part was the depiction of getting into the nitty gritty around these, like the sex tapes and, and then the betrayals that are happening with these children whose brains aren't fully functioned yet, yet. And making bad choice. Wanted to make sure I protected Keisha by also allowing the truth to be told. You know what I'm saying? And the way it is experienced and it, it, it can be the outcome, you know, even, and it's, and he's, he made a horrible choice. I actually think Christian is not a, I don't, I don't, I know he, he messed up royally, right?


But I also think that there's room for him. But I know that people are like, no, I was, So when he came back into this, not, I was, I was like, why did, why is he back and around and all these things? And she's dealing with so much stuff right now We don't make, and that's other thing too, I've seen grown women not make great decisions. You know what I'm saying? And we just put, put all this pressure. She's 16. Yeah. We're young and we're trying to negotiate a lot. One of the things that I was trying to arc out with the Keisha character is what would it be like to be invisible at a PWI for most of your life? Not think, not be reflected back that you are beautiful. And then the first time you get attention from the baller, you know what I'm saying?


Who is Yeah, that's true. How are we making those decisions? How are we making those choices to be seen, to be loved, to be cared for in a time when speaking about sexuality, especially that period and on young women are saying, Hey, I I, I, I have sexual urges. Emini here, Emini here. Girls need love too. They're, they're the ones leading sometimes the, the blowjob conversation. They're like, we can do. So you're in this world that some things are really okay to do. And just trying to negotiate all of these things. It's, she made a, she she made a bad choice. He made a bad choice.


Everybody's trying to impress somebody, trying to do, these kids are managing a lot. And then the, the public record of it and the forever record of it Yeah. Is very hard to live with. So I think that faith, your question was what are some of the hardest things? Trying to be honest about the times and honest about why people are making the choices that they are making. Even when you are, I, I know that it's no com not a lot of compassion for the Christian character. And I'm aware of that. And that was very, that was a very tough choice to make. Trying to make it as honest and grounded as possible.


And so that it can be the thing in the middle of this love story that they actually move through. What's, what's, what's great to me about the Justin and Keisha is that they both come from love. They know it. It might be a little complicated. It may not be I, you know, ideal in times, but they know they're loved. And what's beautiful is to watch two young people choose love from having been loved. And I think what's beautiful for us as a community, especially family, especially as parents, is our ability to witness our children's choices while they're still in our home. Yeah. What's also happening in society, they're calling it late bloomer. I think that's the new term, Emini here.


Young people are not even getting to feel desired until they're like, damn near 30. Yeah. They're not even know, like that reciprocal, like, he like me, I like her. Or Well, they gotta go outside. You gotta get off of social media for That. I think. Well there's, that's, there's that too. And then, and then, and that's the other layer we're putting on it. We go outside, but some of our kids and some, you know, that's, I wanted to talk about putting our kids in private white institutions. They go through most, there's a, there's an upside, right? You're trying to give 'em the best education, set 'em up for the best, you know, future. But the consequence a lot to that is they're not being seen. Yeah. That social, that social, they don't feel beautiful.


They don't feel handsome. They don't feel important. There's nothing marrying them back oftentimes. And that's what I feel like every and that, oh, I'm sorry. No. So, so that, that, so when you say they have to get outside, they are outside, doesn't Matter. He should goes to that party in the stairs and Justin tells her that she's beautiful. Yes. Or gorgeous. And she stops and I'm like, Emini here. But to your point of what you just said, they're like the only black kids. Yes. So for her to hear that from him, it probably was a whole different type of Yes, you're, you're gorgeous or you're beautiful, whatever he had said to her. But I didn't even think about that point of it. I just thought it was just her first time interacting with a boy she liked. Yeah. You know? Yeah. There's not enough to sort of like, and it may be that maybe other kids like them, but maybe they're conditioned not to for, for race reasons or things of that nature.


But I don't know that our kids, sometimes they're outside, but they're not always connected. That's why we've spent a lot of time and money trying to get to the vineyard. But it's that's two weeks. Yeah. You know, that's two weeks. But it is funny that you said that that's, you know, my daughter had the same problem And I wanted her to go to A-H-B-C-U because of that. I went to Hampton and she didn't, she went to great schools, a lot of white kids, but nobody ever approached her. Yes. So she didn't feel beautiful. She didn't feel a way. And then when she, she'd Be happy that nobody there approached her. Yeah. Okay. No, no. But Don would be very proud. Nah. But the problem is, is she never felt that love. She, exactly. So she, she, so then you were A Little, a little depressed. She felt like she wasn't as beautiful as she is. And then when she finally, when she got, when she went to NYU, there's no campus.


So she felt even worse. And then COVID hit. So now if you, you know, Manhattan, Manhattan is your campus. Yeah. So there is no campus, so you are going to venues and clubs with everybody. And that made me nervous because now she's not well equipped. Yes. And thank God she found somebody that, that did find it. But at first a black man too. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. But at first she was, No, you have to say that because Most y'all, y'all kids are going to very nice schools. So it might not always be A black kid. Yeah. But, you know, it was very difficult. But I felt guilty about that for years because I was like, am I setting them up for failure? Am I setting them up for somebody not to love them? Because I went to a black school. I lived in a black neighborhood, so I'm seeing love all day long. And she didn't have that feeling. She didn't have those friends. Which, which is probably why she's so close to me now.


And I'm kind of like her best friend. Like, we go out and we do things. Like right now she just text me, dad, what time are you coming home? And she's 23 years old. But it's just that relationship. But it, it, it gave me a, it gave me a guilt. As a parent. You, It's funny, when you asked me what I have to face, that's that, that's that. There's, i I, I know we make choices for a certain reason, but you're thinking, Ooh, what, you know, my kids are fine. But also that's what you move through when you're just trying to give them The World to give the educ best, best education. The best, best, the best you can give them. And you realize, oops, I I, I missed that part. So they are getting outside. And in LA specifically, you know, these kids don't wanna drive. Like I was at the DMV like at 9:00 AM on my birthday. Yep. They are not so Emini here.


That's what it's, so, it's how are they even seeing each other? And that goes back to where are the spaces. I wa I was at the skating rink. I was at this, there was, I was at the mall. I was here. That's not happening that much anymore. And so I, I, that concerns me as well. So I'm hoping that some of these images on the show makes people want to connect. Right. Get outside, be back outside. I think we need that Emini here. But you know, the beauty of it is, Let me get a damn question. All right. Bye Mr. Kil, how the whole town knew about the sex tape. But Keisha mother, Well now it's funny. That's why we were in, in la That's why I did above the 10 and below the 10, certain communities can know it and hold it and, and let you know it when they feel like it.


But below the 10, she was able to keep that. She was able to keep that going. And that shows the disconnect of the village. There was no parent from those communities that thought to call Shelly. That is all, you know, that's the other thing. I I did make a commentary on that. Being a black parent, sometimes in these schools, you're, you're a parent, but are you really a part of the community sometimes. And now, yeah. I'm not saying it's a hundred percent like that, but sometimes that's where things do part, you know, when, when there is judgment or, or maybe not, maybe that's the right wrong word. When there's not real community, when there's not real connection. That's right. When there's not real care that you're just seen as a part of this, you are like a sprinkle on top.


Yeah. To our communities. And I say that in a generality. I think there's certainly some families who are figuring that out, but, so it's not, please don't come from me. That be, we can't figure that out. But what I've also noticed in these communities is sometimes Emini here in these worlds, because Shelly's from a different economic bracket. She's, she's lived, she doesn't live anywhere close to where these communities are. She's further away from the information. And it took Dawn to find out, to bring it back to her. You know, Black Love has been so commodified lately, right? Like, I feel like, you know, you see people doing the matching outfits on the gram or you know, they have Black Love weddings, but what makes forever feel real and not curated?


I would ask you what did, what did, what did you feel That I actually saw myself? I saw me and my wife, you know, I saw my teenage daughter and her, her friends. I saw how Emini here, it's, it is little simple things like the conversations they was having at the cookout, like arguing about, you know, Kanye. Yeah. Yeah. They smoking the weed and then the kids come and they try to put it out. But you know, they dancing to their own music. I just felt like that's just real aesthetics. That's what real Black Love and black relationships look like. And even things like, you know, not arguing or trying not to argue in front of the kids. Or even if you, and the you and your significant other disagree, not showing that in front of the child.


There was times when wood would be like, yo. Yeah. Yeah. And then she would know and then he would say what he said or vice versa. And I just, I just thought that was Powerful. Yeah. Thank you. I just, me paying attention to my own life, my, the life around me. Just paying attention to us. I think that's my job as a storyteller. You know, Nina Simone says, I'm, I'm here to reflect The times is for me to look at us, look at each other and find all those I know about your guilt because I have it in, I have my own, you know what I'm saying? I know about these things. I know about how, how Beloved by a black man who can be very strong in his opinions. But it's not intimidating. It's not, you know, might, he might feel intimidated to The World, but he's not intimidating to me.


That's right. You know what I'm saying? I, I know there's love there. And I also, and he knows I'm strong black. Yep. A strong black woman. She's got an opinion. I'm gonna say something. I can say it without losing my softness. I want your kids to bring home a black significant other. Yeah. Yeah. Not because of racism, but because you want somebody that understands. You want somebody that's gonna understand you and what you going through and Protect you. And protect you and protect you. That's what Emini here think. At the core of parenting, we want to be, we wanna love our kids and we want our kids loved and we want them protected. We want them safe in The World. And so, you know, our history will tell us that. It just seems like the odds are better that way. We Keisha's story, well first to bring home the a black significant other.


When Dawn she's upset, she and Justin doesn't have his phone or whatever, but then at one point she's open to him getting back into The World and having the phone or whatever. Because Wood Harris is like, you know, he met a girl, like, you know, ease up on him a little bit when they had that conversation. When she finally sits down with him and she's trying to like, get in his business about who he's dating and who the person is as a mom, yourself, personally, what did you put into that conversation that you do with your own kids when you're trying to enter into their world and like make sure that even though they're at the white schools and all these things, the blackness is still there without being like, you gotta be black. 'cause she was very like, soft, but she was also, it was obvious she wanted him to be with a black girl. We just talk real, you know, we've always just been honest with our kids from the jump, from their, from their level of understanding.


You know what I'm saying? Using their language for their entry into the conversation. You know, being very honest. Why I Emini here, why I want you to be with a black woman. You know, even though that could be cha even though it's, it's like I can, yeah, you can date whoever you wanna date. This is gonna be your life. But I'm gonna tell you why. And just, I just, why I think it's beautiful. I just think, I just give my opinion, but make room for theirs. That's, I think that's what's important is for me to make room for theirs. For, for, so I, I use that. I've used, you know, it's funny 'cause even the music, I think one of the things, music is a big part of the show.


And it's funny, in my car, I let them have the ox, Why do you wanna stay hip? Or I just wanna know, I just wanna witness them. Gotcha. I wanna know what they're thinking about. So every like fourth, you know how like if you get like a Spotify account and you don't, you do like the bass, you gotta get a commercial, like every four songs. So in my car you get a lecture every four songs. And we used to debate about, okay, if I don't let you eat McDonald's all the time 'cause of X, Y, ZI need you to understand what these lyrics are doing, what you're eating. And so he's like, mom, it's just a beat. It's just a beat. Well, no, it's more than beat. So we would talk about that. They push back, because we talked about misogyny and things like that. He was like, well the women, some of the female rapper they got.


I said, yeah, misogyny is not particular to one group of people. It misogyny is misogyny. It's just like, you know, racism is racism. It's, it's, it's, so we, you get to talk to your kids and find out who they are and, and give them your point of view while The World gives them, gives them their point of view. And so I think if you remain a trusted place, they're going to hear your voice. God willing, they will hear it before they get themselves in any type of danger or, you know, that kind of thing. But I feel like just giving them my opinion, what, what emotional space and then showing my life, you know what I'm saying? Living my life. You know, like even like with even like your career paths or your future path, teaching them how I recognize that I'm a writer.


I reminded, how did I know that I was a writer? How did I know what, what my path was? Mm. Teaching them those things. What it's gonna feel like in your body, what it's going to look like, how you're gonna act, you know, know when it's gonna take discipline. Where's the sacrifice in these ideas? You know what even like, you know, yes, mom and dad, we, we made a lot of money. But understand, we're built on a legacy. Let's go back to grandma and granddad and grand grandparents and let tell you where you came from. This is, you know, us owning more than one home is not new to this family. It happened over here. Understand that. Understand. So you gotta give 'em history, opinion, knowledge, show it, be it.


You know, even when we talk about dreams, I talk about my dreams. I still got dreams. And so, and dreams take resources. So are you gonna hit that basketball training or not? 'cause I could use that money. I want you to stay there for a second. Like, how is your own evolution spiritually, emotionally, as a mother, how does that influence the writing a forever? Oh, completely. So my writing styles I tend to muse off of. I find a mu i, i i, I tell the truth through fiction. I'm a journalism major. I went to Northwestern, shout out to Northwestern. Always call, shout out. I love Northwestern. One of the best choices I've ever made. I went to Madill. So a lot of my approach to a, to a story, I start to lock in on, there'll be a muse and then I open up to see what, what is happening in the zeitgeist, what is happening?


Had strong sociology classes. Like what's, where, where are we at as a people? That's how I was trying figure out where the teenagers were. Where, where were we at today? So my children were my muse because that's what I was concerned about. So I came into this, this project just as a concerned mother. My guilt, am I doing this right? Am I given enough space? Did we pick the right schools for them? Did we pay, did we set up our life in a way that's really going to support them as you start to think about the more complexity parts of their life as, and life was changing fast because of technology as well, right? So that's where I was at the same time that the Judy Bloom opportunity came.


And that's where my big bang happens. Wow. And that's how I put those. So I'm musing off of my own parenting style Emini here. I, I started therapy because of parenting. I realized people, oh, you're an amazing mom. But I was like, I need to feel like a better mom. So let me start unpacking some of the things. All these sort of, all the things the therapists take you through. And so I started doing that and realizing how I was parenting from a catastrophic place of fear. Not just because of the times, but just all the things. And you realize, okay, I need to let this go in order to be a better mother. And I think the best way I can do that is offer it in my work and mirror myself and, and allow, And I think that's the power of storytelling.


When you share your story or a testimony in church, it it, it actually hits the hearts and souls and spirits of so many other people. But that's, that's the, that's why sharing of the story is so important. It's not just about you, it's about the collective us. Right? And so bringing all those things to bear and having this amazing opportunity with the book to place all of these things, it, even in the translation of the book, I got to talk about what it's like to be black parents. You know, Judy got to talk about what it's like to be white parents of that time. But let me tell you what it's like to be black parents in America. I don't, it's probably not that different from, you know, other generations.


But this is the, these are the details of our time. And this is what it looks like. And this is why we love our kids just as much as you love your kids, but they have, they don't have as much freedom sometimes. And here's why. Black boys are just as vulnerable and actually are just as, I'm nervous mostly about black boys when it comes to sexuality. Because before they can even say they love someone, they're considered enemy number one because of their, they're, they're not little boys anymore. They are, their body's just getting bigger muscles on their body, having a penis. They're suddenly like a threat. You have to talk about rape, you gotta talk about that with black boys.


Just your presence. Sometimes it may not be what you and the young woman consented to, but you are instill in the time if their parents say, we witnessed that in real time. These things are happening. So we've gotta be, we could be real clear on consent. We gotta be real clear on these sorts of things. Wanting to put that, not just for wanting to not only protect my own Sonos, but all of these beautiful black boys that I get to, you know, be in community with that I love. And I don't wanna see hurt And I don't wanna see mis misunderstood and misjudged just by their physical presence. Nothing more than that. And because they don't like to smile.


'cause you know, they wanna keep it real. I want them to see, I want them to see beyond that. I wanna see black boy vulnerability. I want people to see them as their fuel. That, that, that they actually can cry. And Michael joke, Michael Cooper jokes, because more, I gotta cry again. I was like, yeah, you gotta cry again. He's hurt. He's more sensitive. I said, the character's sensitive. I said that. So, but yeah, because I just wanted, yeah, black boys cry and they also ball and they also go for their dreams. And they want the girl, and, and they, they get the grades. You know what I'm saying? They, they do all, they struggle, you know, they, they're frustrated.


They're all of those things. And Then when they finally get what they want, it scares them for some reason. Because he know he didn't mean none of that stuff. He said, I'm, I don't wanna give it away, but he ain't mean none of that stuff until that, on that last episode, I don't think he really want, I know he didn't wanna walk away. Why I, do you think that I don I I think he was just afraid of what he was. He was afraid of losing it. So he feels like letting it go would be less painful than just losing it. You know what I love about storytelling? 'cause it meets the viewer where they're at. You're gonna see it that way and someone's gonna see that, wow, he understood that he did not have the capacity to let go of her and choose himself.


Mm. So he needed to choose himself. He would've just stayed up underneath her. And a lot of people do that. A lot of young people do that because it feels good to be loved, comfortable. Yeah. It feels good for somebody to call you and wanna see you and hug you and kiss you. And you can get lost in that and you can lose time. I think he understood time is ticking and there's, that's a reality to being young and making that leap in the, especially in the, in a a, a capitalistic demos democracy. You gotta go. He understood that. And, and she helped him understand that. It felt to me like he didn't, like he wasn't chasing her by the end of the, the series though.


He was literally just chasing an identity that he hadn't felt before. Like that, like that real blackness, like the blackness that, you know, his, his mom and his dad wanted him to have and not lose by growing up the way he grew up. By the end of the show, he felt like yo going to that prom with her and just being around her and her and her friends and hearing her say she wanted to go to Howard. It didn't feel like he was just, he was chasing her. He was chasing his blackness. To me, I think, I think all can be true. All can be true. But also imagine you get to Howard and all you know is Keisha, he might just be all up underneath Keisha. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And that, and really Emini here, he,


If you are not watching BMF on Stars, you're seriously missing out from executive producer Curtis 50 cent Jackson, the highly anticipated news season is coming and Meech and Terry are leveling up. They're expanding their empire, launching a music label and making major moves in hip hop culture, even hitting the 1995 source awards. Oh, and did I mention Lamar's back? You already know. That means trouble. The rest of the Flury family is also feeling the pressure. Charles and Lucille are facing the consequences of Meech and Terry's actions. And Nicole is caught in the middle dealing with her own growing pains. This season brings more drama, more heat, and more star power. Get ready for guest stars like Kofi Cerebro, Skye Jackson, Tyler Lepley, Clifton Powell, Rockman Dunbar, sweetie Miles, Truitt, and more. The cast is stacked in the storylines Next level, BMF is where drama hustle and hip hop collide. And this season, the stakes are higher than ever. Believe me, this is the season everyone's going to be talking about. Don't miss the explosive season premiere June 6th, only on Stars and The Stars app.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DEJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus, with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic, chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world, because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just start in your field or even look at the switch things up. Add, find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities, and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been, because like a good neighbor state forum is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


And here we have a specimen from the early two thousands, a legacy investing platform. Please don't touch the exhibit folks. It could crash. Ready to step outta the Financial History museum@public.com. You can invest in almost everything, stocks, bonds, options, and more. You could even put your cash to work at an industry leading 4.1% a PY. Leave your clunky, outdated platform behind. Go to public.com and fund your account in five minutes or less. Paid for by public investing Inc. Member FINRA and s sipc. Full disclosures at public.com/disclosures.


I'm sure you played those scenarios out. I know he did. 'cause we do as a writing team. But, but what I, again, what I love about storytelling is that it meets the viewer where they are. And this is what's beautiful about the show and all the different conversations that are coming up, all the different opinions that are coming up. This is us. This is the best dinner party you can ever have. Absolutely. You're just, this is what we think and everybody's got opinions and what sticks to you is for you and what sticks to you is for you. What, what irritates you. It's also for you, what irritates you is as a writer. This is some game I give. It's like a lot of times people are like, I don't like that the, I don't like that.


It's just as important as the what you do. Like why in writing? Because I say, what sticks to you is yours. It's, that's your examination that's, that's for you to examine that it's caught your attention. You can't shake it. You can't let it go. Good or bad. Look into that. Investigate there, dig there. I think that's what I think. That's why my, I think that's why I keep getting hits after hits is because I like digging deeper into our, to us. And I think who doesn't want to be seen? Mm. And I think a lot of our stories, either they're missing or they've been distorted, like you said, the negative. Like they've been distorted. I think when you start to really see yourself, you know, you might wanna tighten up here a little, tighten up the, but for the most part you're like, I'm cute, I'm cute.


I'm, I'm doing okay. I'm doing all right. I can lose five pounds, whatever. But for the most part, I'm doing all right. I think that those ideas of ourselves or, or what we're stuck on, that may be for you to examine you to look at. And I think that's why we need more storytellers out there. I just got three more questions if you got time. Yeah. What emotional space does forever occupy that none of your previous shows have? What emotional space does it occupy that? I think the cross generational idea, you know, for the most part, I've written adult, adult conversation though that I've had parents come into those stories.


They're not, they're like drive-bys in a lot of ways. I just think the complexity of family and the, and the generational connection and that I, I just really enjoyed that. I think also the, the scale emotionally, it, it allowed me to really scale us. And I enjoyed that. And it, it, you know, the kids say, take up space. It allowed me to take up space for us and for myself. And what did Judy Bloom teach you about softness and how does that show up in your characters now?


Well, softness is details. I think e especially in the book forever, most of the book is about Catherine's internal feelings, thoughts, and, and to use that much time on the internal space is really a privilege, a luxury. Oftentimes most my most in our story time are more observed than we are explored. And I enjoyed being able to explore. And that's what Judy taught in her write, in her writing all the books.


She's an an internal writer. And then she allowed us, she gave, as young people reading her books, you are validating these feelings inside that I don't necessarily show 'cause I don't wanna be embarrassed or I don't wanna be judged, or I don't wanna be misunderstood. So kids are keeping a lot to themselves and she was being honest on the page. So I believe I've been doing that in my body of work And I got to do it again to give young people a view of themselves today. Like she gave us, you know, 50 years ago. My, my last question is forever about love. You've had love you've lost or love, you still believe in All the above.


Mm, I believe in love. I believe in love. One of the things I'm really proud of with the ending, I know there's controversy about the ending, but what I love that Justin and Keisha showed us is how love endures and it take it shape shifts. It can, its dynamic can change, but love can stay present. And they showed us how to let go and keep love in that, in that ending. Hmm. I, I think we could learn a lot from Justin and Keisha. You know, the question, you know, is someone, is this, is this a forever love or the one you remember forever?


And I would like to think that we, as we move through our lives, is human beings that when we choose to use that word, right, I loved you that you, there's a present that you were so present and so loving that even if you don't last, the couple doesn't last, the love can last. It just, it might shift to, wow, it might just shift too. We always just sort of text each other on each other's birthday that you matter to me. You know, one of the fun things you realize when you're revisiting the work, especially as young people, oftentimes that's where our big dreaming happens.


And those young loves that a lot of times the best part of you is packed in somebody else's memory of you. And so to have access back to those people actually is good for you to remember who you are when you lose your way and because you're gonna lose your way. Ooh. And so love holds you there. So it is about the past, the present and the future. And I think that love can take many different forms, you know, And I, you know, I have my, my young one plays baseball and I've learned a lot about watching him sit in the stands, play baseball, long Days, long games, Long games. But what's beautiful about it is everybody who walks into that batter's box has a different fight.


And so I often think about relationship, right? Did you swing the bat? Did you have a, they call it did you have a good at bat? And sometimes you're at bat you strike out, but you still had a good at bat. And I think that's what I think love is about. Are we having a good at bat? Are we swinging? Are we using our technique? Are we using all the knowledge? We spent all week learning for this one to two times we get to walk in that batter's box and are we using it? Are we, did we, you know, do we whatever the shoulders and the hips and all that kind do We, eyes on the ball, eyes On the ball, those things. All those things you gotta do with this ball coming at you 80, 90 miles an hour.


That's love. And I think that, I would like to think that we can all approach it at a good at bat. Mm. Alright. Wow. I have one final question. Regina King in her directing. Yes. Thank you for asking. Yeah, because, okay, so I was trying to look to see like what the conversation, Rhonda was online, but I remember when IF found out that she was doing it, my first thought was, I wonder what their conversations were like, like what changes she made and what she brought to the screen. 'cause I heard you say a lot of it was about your life as a parent as well too. But like, no, it's You, you mute. Let me be very clear. I muse, I have a muse entry point. And then once I go into that entry point, then I become a journalist almost and look at The World around.


And then that's how I sort of craft my stories. That said, what's beautiful about the art form is that the art form is a collaborative art form. My, I had to sit in that chair. Judy had to sit in that chair to write that book. I go look at the book, I had to sit in that chair and adapt that book. But one of the first phone calls you make after you have a script, you call your casting director Kim Coleman. And then the second immediate is who is going to direct? And I called Regina King and said, I think it's time for us to collaborate again. I love that she first, Regina And I first worked together when she, in early in her directing career, she directed episodes of being Mary Jane.


And she went off to have a really wonderful directing career. And it was like, okay, I need you to help, let's help me reset the tone. We both are mothers, we both love our Sonos. We, I needed Regina King, I need that chemistry, her iconic performances. As an actress, I would love them rooted in these characters, especially helping us launch this love story with, within these two young actors anchoring them in their chemistry and everybody knowing where they are in this play in this world. Then of course, we built out the team and the decisions that we make together. You know, finding Cambio, who is our dp Suzuki, our production designer.


We collaborate on the ideas of our, you know, our costume, mink, MKA, and Tanja. These are the principle storytellers that we need to help tell our story. Just helping to make those decisions together. It was really lovely to help set the tone for it so that we can take off and, and run Emini here. You know, Anthony Hemingway coming in, Timmy Banks, all of these major decisions. Our editors, you know, Carolina and Naomi and just Gary Gunn, our composer, ki Lehman. We, we put like, it is almost like speaking of baseball references, it's almost like you have your baseball cards out. You're like, we should bring this for this. I got this for this. And you kind of put it together and it's fun to puzzle together.


It's fun to sort of collaborate on that level. So she, she and my company, story 27, hers Royal Ties, we've come together to help set a, a a a bar of excellence that we want the show to live in and thrive from. And You know where season two is going? I do. I'm, I'm in, I I have ideas. I still have to go through the process. You know, part of what I think another thing that makes me successful is how I honor my partnerships And I come into it respectfully and really to always garner that, that, to garner that energy back to me. But I have a concept of what I need to do.


I won't share it until my partners are signed off on it. But my next steps are me coming into a meeting ready to talk to Netflix around, Hey, this is where I see it and this is where I think it should go. Hearing their feedback, their concerns, taking that in in consideration. Sometimes debating it for a while, but finding a way to communicate why I think it's the way it should go. And if not, where's the compromise in that? And feeling good about the artistic flexibility that I have to craft story to figure that out. So I'm looking forward to that in success.


Especially, you know, sometimes success can make people tighten up too. That's Right. Stop playing with Ma. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Ma had hit after hit in multiple decades. That's right. Okay. Screaming services, Deline television. Give her what she wants. That's right. Including the $50 million for Girlfriends. Come. We need closure. We need Thank you. It's that Simple. It's that simple. Yes. Real. We've been talking about this. It's real. It's really that simple. And I'm excited. I I think it's gonna come. I don't know. I feel, I feel it. Like, I don't know. Last time I was here we talked about it And I think what was beautiful in my journey at that time was for me to claim the value and understand the boundaries and understand what it is. I don't know. Just it, I think, and also this success breeds more success.


So I kind of feel, I don't know, I kind of feel like feeling some time. I think it's time. And the Success Girlfriends just had on Netflix. Oh my god. Yeah. Oh my God. Like they Should see Generational success. I know people watch, I watched that. I re-watched the whole thing with my mom And I was like, this is so different. But you Know, it's, I'm finding out people are putting Girlfriends on for their go to sleep. That's, it's their, they call it their Comfort TV show that they put on and they just let it run. And some people let it run while they go to sleep. Blows my mind. Secondarily, my youngest son, I noticed that he'll tell me like his friends are watching it and they think I'm your mom is cool 'cause she does girlfriend. Right. So I still got the street cred job. There you go. I still got it.


Mine Is the game. I'm up and down the game. Up and down all day. Up and down. Thank you. The thank You. Thank you girl. And this, I don't, I don't know if people would know, but nine 11 of this year marks 25 years of girlfriend. 25 years ago. First Of this year. This year. So we need to make that announcement, right. It's time. That's right. That would be the announcement to make. Right. It would only make sense. The first episode was nine 11 2000. And I remember that all the women still look so good. Don't they look amazing? They all of them still Look. So I saw Tracy recently. We went to go see The Wiz went back on the screen. Did anybody see it? No. On the screen. Oh you guys, I've seen The Wiz over and over, you know, but The Wiz on big screen.


I haven't seen that since I was a young girl. And, and Tracy And I went together to go see it and we had a ball. And it was also really fun to watch her watch her mom. Wow. It was kind of like, oh, this is like very meta. Right. Wow. So, so that was amazing. And then Jill And Golden, was that your birthday party? Yeah, Jill and Golden had my my birthday party. So to your point, they look smashing. Mm. And dude, The Persia two, it has to happen. It's going to happen. I I know it's going happen. Yes. Because it's like the one black sitcom that we really did not get any closure on whatsoever. And there's so many loose ends that tie up and You know, it's really, it's not just loose ends, it's actually very relevant. I think it's a very karmic idea to have the show, have a ending in a film.


IIII just wanna do a movie because of where we as a society have grown around the importance of relationships. And Tony and Joan breaking up, I think has been the hardest thing on the audience. Even over Yes. Joan not getting her man. You know what I'm saying? And so I think that that's an interesting thing to re to put back in the chat. So it's still relevant to this day. It's like, how does Friendship come back together? Or, or not come back together? Right. Can you still find that love of your life when you choose, you know, what I'm doing all right by myself. I'm doing, there's nothing, there's nothing wrong with me for not having had a husband.


Like we, but that was a different conversation back at the time we were producing that show to where we have progressed today, 25 years later. There's a different value in society around relationships and friendship and how important friendship is and the, the, you know, the, the sustaining of it, the care of it, the beauty of it, the complexity of it. And I'm like, okay, look at us grow. Yeah. And then, and then also this idea that you're not broken 'cause you're not in partnership romantically. It's not to say that you don't want that, but understanding that there's a different, there's a different, you know, entry point into that.


That it's not just being married to be married. You know, you wanna be really partnered with your soulmate or your, you know, those, was it twin flame? Which one it did whatever way for one It is. Whichever one's the hot one that one Know did, oh, go ahead Lauren. I was gonna say, so Joan is, well you can't say or anything, but Joan is actually, she does still wanna be married and be with a person or she just gonna do about herself. I'm Just talking about where we left her. Okay. And I'm not gonna give it too, it is funny because I'm Like, it sounds like she might do it all by herself still. I'm just talking about where we are in society. Yeah. So again, because you would be accepted, I shared with you guys very openly that my writing process, my writing process is like, well who am I musing on? And then you open up to think we're a society is the journalist and me and that's where we are.


And that's all I'm sort of commenting on in that where we left the show 25 years where society is, I feel the relevance of Girlfriends is almost matched to where our ending was. Yeah. Wow. And so, and even like, and we talked about their physical beauty, even that, you know what I'm saying? Even how as a s you know, that's important. You know, and, and and also how do we get there? What are we doing? Even my generation of women, which is also the generation of those women on Girlfriends, we've pioneered a whole new conversation around, we're openly gonna talk about perimenopause and menopause. We are not going down like the previous generations being okie-doke by the lies over there.


So it's like those, there's so much to talk about, I think in a new, a new iteration of the ending that we're still holding onto from 25 years ago. So it's an interesting thing to hold onto in terms of like, the details of what I would do. I'm not gonna share that because that's my currency. I know, you know, my ideas are my currency, my craftsmanship is how I make, you know, everybody got a dress, but it's how I make the dress. That's right. You know, and so I'm excited for that opportunity. I just, I don't know energetically, I just feel it differently than time. Around 50 million and maybe, 'cause I'm on your show now. See it's like, it's like even that is a, a beautiful omen, right? Because we talked about it last time I was there and now I'm back and we talking about it again and yeah, Why not Emini here?


There's nothing guaranteed, but Girlfriends just a guaranteed hit. I don't care what nobody said. Oh, I know Global Easily. I wanna show you this. I posted this last week. Now that we're grown, which friend was the most toxic? No, I won't say don't. Why did you even leave With Toxic? Because we're grown now. So we have a different perception of all of them. Okay. Who do you think Charlie Todd. Todd Todd had no business. Crazy, you know, marry Tony. Tony had no business marry Tony. But honestly, people always leave Lynn out. Lynn would be considered very toxic nowadays because she didn't have no boundaries. She didn't respect nobody's boundaries.


I think she was the most at one with herself to a Certain extent needed. Mine was the only one that was unproblematic to me. But Lynn didn't respect anybody's boundaries. I have interesting theories about Joan and Tony with that. But lemme ask You a question. Why did you use the word toxic? Oh, I reposted, to me that was just a conversation starter. I know, but why did you repost that conversation starter? Because I think, I think that they had traits that could be considered toxic. You know what I wanna say about that? What I love about the vulnerability and the complexity of the characters that later they can be analyzed Yes.


And give some language about what they were brave enough to be. And what I look at between the generations is that when we, there's this generation's, we have more language to label things to label it. I feel like those character and, and so the word toxic, I just sort of underscore highlight and circle because that can be this blanket over them that doesn't deserve to be there. Hmm. And that's what I'm saying is that we are complex. Now, I'm not saying that the complexity means you, you need to be friends with them for a lifetime. You may not, you may only complex for a while Emini here.


You know, I'm not saying you can't grow from them. I can't say you might like, like I said, you might not have a good at bat and strike out. But I don't know. I just, I wanna be, I think it's important to examine but not hold the label. True. Absolutely. And what, 'cause one of the things that Lynn represents to me and what she I think represented to the generation that was actually beautiful is that at the time that I was writing that series, all black women were presented that they knew exactly who they are. Yes. What they needed to be in order to be accepted.


Lynn represented, she didn't know, but she was still loved trying to figure It out. So even in her sexual, like she was, that was probably like the first time I ever saw a woman, black woman on camera, that she was queer. But like we didn't know really what that was. We didn't label It. She didn't was just Lynn age. Yeah. I just thought Lynn was just like the girl who just did whatever she wanted to do. And everybody has that friend. Yes. And those friends are, they have to be strong in themselves to a certain extent because you're so different than everybody else. And if you think about Lynn and you put it in this New Jersey, she was break the no boundaries. She was actually, instead of it being toxic, she was actually being progressive. And most people would align queerness to progressive thought.


Right. There was, she was challenging notions why one could say the way she lived her life was communal living, which is now a conversation for the future. I'm just saying how we look at things and being careful not to, I think it's beautiful to analyze 'cause that's how we progress. But be careful not to then blanket everything with labels. Let's go back to forever in 2018 we were saying a d, h, D 2025 we're saying neurodivergent. That's right. Language keeps changing as we understand ourselves. And I think that's, that's an interesting thing about the power of language.


And one of the things I want us to be mindful of, especially in our community, is how quick we are to say, oh, he's toxic, she's toxic, toxic, toxic, toxic. I would love to say, okay, maybe that aspect of that person needs some development, needs some growth. Dawn, DJ Envy, ma Dawn, we are in this. Okay. Our guilt, fear, maybe as parents we need to release that. Yeah. Understand what it is and let it go. But just be careful not to keep blanketing us and our desire to grow and our desire to purge, you know, and, and, and, and get whole.


So that's what I would say. I think what I love about the collection of those women, those characters is as complicated or toxic as they were even in that we deserve love and they were trying to figure it out. And there are different ways to stay together in their friendship and in their respective relationships. You know, and, and that how do we move forward together in the complexity of us? Because Carrie and Samantha fell out and nobody called them toxic when they fell out. Yes, they did. No people, what people love Carrie Is so Toxic. You the first person I've ever heard say that what people feel like Carrie is like, was wronged by Samantha and Samantha, just this free friend who just, they eventually, they still wanna see him get back together as friends.


People want Jill to never speak to Joan again. No, that's not True. Yeah. People feel like they were bad friends to each other Maybe, but that's not true. We definitely want them to get back together. That's part of the closure. We wanna see if Jill and Joan become friends again. Tony, These girl Tony and Joan, I'm sorry these Girlfriends argue. Tony and Joan And I and Joan. But the way, do you guys No, but I'm asking you guys, do you really, I know you do. Char you are very clear about wanting to see a movie. You Are no, 16 years he's been clear. You don't have no for 16 years. See you. I wanna also say, I'm always gonna take a moment to say thank you because you also, that means a lot to me as a storyteller. Like, wow, that that level of impact on you and even the fact that you, me and Judy Bloom were in the same thing.


So I'm a thank you, thank you. 16 years. But now you three you want, are you going to go spend some money at the theater to go see a girlfriend here? I don't Walk to the theater. I I'm trying to be in the damn We waiting for, IM just doing a check. Yes, I Agree. My wife is taking me there so fast. It it, it's, It be unbelievable. It would be an event. I don't think ever, there's not too many events anymore. It would be an event. Yes, I think so too. I think people would dress up. I think people go out to Dinner show on this nice dress. She gonna have nice dress, a nice wig. What? It's gonna be something. Shoot. You asked on Sherry Shepherd for her to open her phone. She knows somebody with $50 million. Ask these two. Yeah. Who you got in your phone? Who? Let's call somebody.


Yeah. Well I don No, I've been trying to shake trees. I been trying let Let's call somebody. Yes. Thank You for joining us. Thank you for having Me. Amber is on Netflix now. Yes. We appreciate it. It's it is a long conversation. We appreciate It. I loved it. Love it. I love what you said. Thank you, thank you, thank you. You've always been so intentional and and you're right, girlfriend just gave us a lot of, a lot of vocabulary. Yeah. So so what? It gave a lot. I had another question, but it, it Gave us a lot to con it gave us a lot to have a conversation about And I think that's really where everything is at, is communication. Yeah. Have conversation, share ideas. We not all gonna agree, but I think we all get to know each other well. What do you want forever to give people permission to do? And that's my last question.


I promise. What do I want forever? Love. I want people to think more about love in every aspect of their life. And actually even if we're older, that it's okay to want that, that first love kind of feeling. Like how, what do we need to do to get back to that first love kind of feeling? I don't know, I just think it's, I think as a human, a spirit, having a human experience dancing with love all the time has gotta be our top endeavor. So yeah. That's what I want. Mar Broil the legend. We appreciate You so much. We love you. We value you, appreciate you and all your work.


Thank you. That's right. Thank you. I really appreciate being here. Thank you. Breakfast Club. That's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


If you are not watching BMF on Stars, you are seriously missing out from executive producer Curtis 50 cent Jackson. The new season is coming and Meech and Terry are leveling up. They're expanding their empire, launching a music label and even hitting the 1995 source awards. Oh, and did I mention Lamar is back. BMF is where drama hustle and hip hop collide. The drama top tier, the stakes higher than ever. This is the season everyone's going to be talking about. Don't miss the season premiere June 6th only on Stars and The Stars app.


And here we have a specimen from the early two thousands, a legacy investing platform. Please don't touch the exhibit folks. It could crash.


Ready to step outta the Financial History museum@public.com. You can invest in almost everything, stocks, bonds, options, and more. You could even put your cash to work at an industry leading 4.1% a PY. Leave your clunky, outdated platform behind. Go to public.com and fund your account in five minutes or less. Paid for by Public Investing Inc. Member FINRA and SIPC. Full disclosures at public.com/disclosures.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to kelley bluebooks kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank NA and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


This is an iHeartPodcasts Podcast.