
Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size UV is designed for epic journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always wanted to. Traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and owner's manual for additional information always take care of cargo.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you even had time to think about whether you need it or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at and t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected Life.


Black Tech Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities. That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like, if your neighbor State Farm is there,


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


This is Coke zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar. The best Coke ever. Try and decide.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Jess is on maternity leave. So Lauren is filling in and we got a special guest in the building. Yes, indeed. We have Thas Welcome. Thank you. Hello. How you Feeling? Are You Tims? Thank you for having me. I'm good. I'm really good. How are you? Don't lie. How everyone here? You Don't have to lie. You look a little tired. I'm slightly tired. I had a show Last night. Last night. And. I have it cold You know, but I'm feeling good internally, so Well, we happy you decided to join us in spite of Absolutely. Thank you. Thank you. How is It headline in your, your own tool?


It's it's beautiful experience, to be very honest. I'm learning so much, but I'm just getting more comfortable on stage. It's almost becoming like a muscle memory at this point. And. I'm just really glad I have my team with me. Well, like a family. And yeah, it's just been really, really good. You Just getting comfortable on stage. I was just thinking, you seem like got so much stage presence. Like you seem like you just light up the whole building. I mean, yeah. But I feel like it is being refined. Every show is better and better and better. So yeah, man. What was it like for you on stage in the beginning of all of this?


Oh my goodness. My first show ever. My leg was shaking. Like I used to perform with my leg shaking. Like, What was it, what was your first show ever? If you remember? Well, it wasn't my personal show, but my first like, performance ever. I was in Lagos. I started in Legos, Nigeria. I was there, I was mostly there first two years of my career. That was before you found a piece that you cannot buy. Oh, that's the legs, the legs shaking, inspired, the piece Piece piece that you can't find. I love that record, by the way. How, how did it feel to create an an, an anthem? That to me is like a, a mindfulness anthem.


Mm. You know If you going through, if you've ever dealt with anxiety If, you ever dealt with depression. When you get those pockets of peace, I always think of that record when I get those pockets of peace. How does it feel to create something like that? Well, I remember the day I, I made that song and it just, it was really emotional for me. 'cause I was, that was my release and just to see so many people connect to it. And dogs apparently. Dogs. Yeah, dogs. You know, like, it's like, I can't believe it. Like it's incredible. Explain the dogs thing to me. I'm lost. So I, it happened like maybe a few a while, like a long time ago.


But So If, you play the beginning, they Ooh, apparently that makes some dogs start howling. Oh yeah. It was a thing on social media. Yeah. I don't believe that. I was like, what? I didn't believe it either. Like literally it was crazy. Did you try it yourself? Like, try to make a dog? How with the song? Like, did you play the song for a dog? Oh no. Tim's like, did Did you play the song? No, I need to get a dog. I don't have a dog. You want one? What Do you want a bo bar? I don't know. I, I don't know, man. I, I I just want one, like, maybe a cute small one.


Maybe a big one. I Don't know. Maybe a small one. Maybe a big one. I'm like the worst at picking. I'll get them all. When you wrote that record, I mean, I don't know, If, you deal with You know depression and anxiety, but You know. They call it glimmers. So glimmers are like the opposite of triggers. You know how you'll see something that'll trigger you. Like glimmers are things that You know bring you joy and peace You know in the moment. Did you write that record during a glimmer? Hmm. It was, I wrote it so I made the beat first. And when I made the beat I was like, whoa, this beat is crazy. This beat is, oh my goodness, I have something. And that inspired me to just like start like freestyling that.


Ooh. And yeah, I guess so. I, I guess I had that. It was like an intense emotional day. You know of release. Like after I made that song, I think I slept for hours. Wow. 'cause I had, I just like laid everything on. What was on you? Like, what was it that you Were Nothing came off. You good? No. Oh, no, no, no. I'm not thinking came off. I'm just brushing by hair you Back. I'm laughing. It reminds me of that You know that, that the girl that like she was talking and, and came, We came over here in the interviews.


Yeah, that's what he was saying. Another game. You know. I was, oh, sorry. I would say for international artists, You know a lot of artists want to break into the, the US market. Right. And international artists always Talk about how difficult it was. How difficult was it for you to break in over here? I, I think, I'm not even gonna lie it, I don't, it wasn't, it was something that, it came from like a burst of, I don't know, like, it Just, like it Fast. It just, it was just, it just happened so fast. I, I didn't, I didn't even before you knew it, like my songs are playing here.


I was like incredibly shocked. I can't tell you that. I know how that happened. Did you try or was one of those things like, I wanna rap home first and it just crossed over on a song? No, I was just doing me and it just like, You know es of course Essence was a huge part of that. And yeah, I was just doing me, I didn't really have expectations for what was going to come out of that. I saw in the interview you were, you were talking about the beginning of everything and you said like you just woke up, like you dropped the song. You woke up the next day and people were like, were they knew your name and like they were calling your name and like, it happened fast, right? But when you see moments like John Legend coming out and performing with you and like Winnie Harlow's popping up at the shows.


Like, do you ever have a moment on stage where you're like, oh wow. Like, okay. Like what does that feel like? Hmm. I, to be very honest, I have those moments when I see like, extreme age gaps in my show. My show the other day, I saw like a really old elderly man. What's elderly To you? He looked like he was 60 something. Okay. That's not old. I said it's y Something. He had long, he had long gray white hair and he was singing my song word for word bar for bath.


And in that same concert there was a kid that was on her mom's shoulders. Shoulders. And that is what makes me feel like this is insane You know to be able to reach those extremes. That's insane to me. I think it's the emotion in your music though. You know the fact that You know you're so emotional, you're so introspective. Like people connect with that. Like people feel what's real. Yeah. And and you don't seem like the type to friend like You know. Yeah. You here right now. Like, I don't give, I really, I don't give a fuck. Like, Yeah. But it's interesting. You know You just living day by day. That's you're in the moment.


Yeah. You have to, to be honest, like you only have one life. You need to make sure that you are happy You know. If not, you're just gonna be miserable and famous. The success miserable. There's a lot of miserable and famous people out here. Yeah. Have you met a few of 'em since you You know popped off? I, I don't know if I met You never know. That's the thing. You never know. It's only when something happens publicly that you now realize, don't know this person was going through this. But you don't know. Like most pe a lot of people are going through so many things you have no clue until it comes out.


Well, how do you avoid being miserable and famous? Tims like you personally. How I avoid that? I curate my environment. Ooh. I love that. Love that. Yeah. I curate it like a playlist. People that come around me. I, I have a certain energy that like, I know is true that I like. And so having the right people around me that are not afraid to tell me off or You know, be upset with me or tell me no You know or argue with me and You know And I always just try and like find little experiences everywhere I go.


My mom's on tour with me too. I just try and make the most beautiful seeing every single time. Like every single time. You being famous? Yeah. Well, Because You know you could just prefer making music but not necessarily love the fame part of it. There's pros and cons for sure. I'm not, I'm not someone that I didn't, I didn't take it very well. When I first, when I first started getting known, I did not have a great reaction. I was like, I was You know What wasn't, what wasn't a great part about it?


The rumors, The blogs. Yeah. Well, I started You know Slowly You know from I used to record in my room and then slowly I started noticing people are talking about me all the time. I'm like, but these people don't even know me. You know. That's the first reaction you are like, but you don't even know me. And you feel like, ah, but how can you, and then you go out. So you go to the store like a normal person looking homeless, Normal person looking homeless. What's been like the wildest thing that you heard about yourself? I don't know. Probably the pregnant thing. How did That, where did that come from?


I Don't know. Future got you pregnant through the phone because you didn't, you didn't even meet him at the time. Right. Why Would he wanna get a homeless person pregnant? I don't know. I have no clue. I don't know. I was just busy minding my business, being hopeless. But yeah, it is just all so crazy. And I think it's people seeing me in real life that spooked me a bit. Like, Or being recognized. You mean Being recognized outside like in the airport or in the grocery store? Like, is it you? I'm like, no, I, so in the beginning I didn't know what I used to deny.


I used to deny. But now obviously You know. Well, yeah. Did you Try to look homeless on purpose? Did Not be recognized. I, I, that was my vibe. I used to wear baggy clothes all the time. I still do. It's just now it's expensive, homeless You. know what I'm saying? Got you, got you. But It's like boho Bum. Yeah. You know when I'm chilling. So I You do Have a home though. To be clear, I don't a home man. I don't want the headline to be Tom. Stop playing with you. Big Tim's. Not the Little one. No. I'm, I do have it home. I have. You're doing very well. I Have several. She's about to say, she was about to say, have Several talk. No Talk heavy because he's playing with you. Do you have to clear up the rumors with, with with family members? Did your family members call you and be like, I heard this. You'd be like, come on now, mom, leave Alone.


Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I feel like people just take the, the most controversial thing you can think of. Because I was thinking like, why am I pregnant? For Why future? Why am I pregnant? Like why future? Do you get what I mean? Like, why him? Why him? Because that's the, that's the craziest. Why not You know with why not Drake? You know Why not somebody else. So you Wouldn't have minded if it, if the Roman was with A Drake? No, it would be the same thing. But it's just like, it's like extreme. It's like I'm saying the reason why it's future is 'cause he's the, his Reputation. It is like the most crazy thing. But no, it's 'cause the future's reputation. Future got future got a lot of kids here. Right.


Four or five kids. And then he's got a reputation of being with a lot of different women. Y'all did a song Together. You know Drake though, but, But Drake be marrying all of his women. Well, he did in the video, but yeah. Mm. So that, So those are The calls you actually got. Why are you pregnant from Fu? Who is futa? No, I just got No, don't What accent is that? Huh? Tim's asked him to leave you alone. Is the Wakanda Wakanda do people, he Came from the, the London. So I understand it's okay. But do you get that a lot?


Like people all of a sudden have an African accent when they talk to you? Oh, so many times I feel like my accent, especially because I, I'm not really, I can't impersonate accents, but when I'm talking, I'm usually talking Nigerian. So I feel like it inspires people to be like, Ooh, who are you doing? What's good? Okay, let me try. So I, I understand you Accent. Impersonate New York. Yeah. Let me hear some accents. Oh No, I can't do New York. I don't even know. I, I have like American accents. But let You had One. You probably got good to London. London. Yeah. But I don't know if I can do it on command. But if I, if I You know, continue New York, I could pop.


You get something? Huh? You said you'll get some accents in? Yeah, maybe. Yeah. Now back to, so back to your family members calling you who called and was like, is this true? Did your mom call? No, it wasn't even calling. Okay. They would just send me prayers. What? Like, you'll not be pregnant for no, no type of future. No future. Jesus name. The Reverse of the Sierra Russell Wilson is crazy. That's the reverse prayer. Like, oh man. And Jesus name is crazy. For real. Did they, did they want you to be a musician? Or did they want you to be a doctor? Who? My family. Your parents? My mom. She was very supportive. My family. It's not like they wanted me to be like a doctor, but they just didn't expect me to be a musician, like a singer.


Like when I said, oh yeah, I'm quitting my job, I'm going to sing now. Everybody was like, she's on drugs. She's smoking, she, she's sniffing, cooking. Like, for real. Like on a serious thing. So it was just like, this girl is un serious. She, she just lazy. She just likes to, she's now sing. She sings. Really? When have you ever sung in your life? They had never heard? Did you sing before? Not a lot of people knew that. I really sang like that. How old were you when, like, when you really started to take it serious? When I knew I had something. It was when I was like in uni, when I was like 18.


And then after uni I started like going to, trying out different people, looking for people to labels. And that's when I knew actually I did get a job. And then, because you was an Economics major, Right? Yeah. Which I've never, I don't even know where my degree is, to be honest. Damn. Me either, girl. I don't even know, bro. I haven't seen it since I graduated. You know School might be a scam after all, but I'm not gonna say that. It's not a scam. 'cause we need, we need the workforce. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. It's not a scam. It's not a scam. Nigerians cannot call anybody scammers. Wow. Wow, wow, wow.


So Tim, what I normally do is I sit things next to me. Wow. So if I have to throw something in, maybe I Should go. It's time for me to go, Oh my God, You wanna go by? Feel free to throw any of this at him at any time. No. HR understand. It's okay. It's okay. Don't worry. But How? But How do strike one, one thing, It's okay. How now I know I'm ready. How do you, How do you fertilize a dream? If you if nobody even knows that's your dream. Like this isn't important. Like you was 18, that's when you decided you wanted to pursue it as a singer. But you didn't tell nobody in your family Before that. It's not that type of You know Nigeria is not, it's not common. It wasn't. Now it is.


But back then it wasn't common for you to be a musician. Like, that's not a profession anybody's proud of. Wow. In Nigeria before. So You know, I did try to sing in front of my family at some point. Obviously my cousins, they love me, my my age mates. But like my aunties, those guys You know it's not something that in their mind is like, is serious thing. You know. So I just didn't feel the need to talk about it, especially when I know what I'm gonna get. But that's what's so impressive about it. 'cause You know, usually you need those adults in your life to give you some encouragement.


So they were discouraging you, but you decided still, God put it on your heart to say, no, this is what you should be doing. The way I love music, the way I loved writing and, and making music producing, like, it was more than a hobby. Like, it was just something that I just genuinely enjoyed. I didn't expect ever to make anything from it. I was just like, yeah, I could do this all day. You know if I can get a job to sustain me and I'll just be doing this all day. Like, literally that was my mindset. So I just didn't, I was okay with, I'm used to, in my whole life, I was used to people not really caring.


Yeah. And I was okay. I'm still okay with it. I So what was that first break? That first like, oh, I'm, I can do this and I'm going to do this. So I decided to release my first song, And I Real. I started like getting, that's how I met my manager, my, my two managers. Actually. I met them Wale Wale and ua. I met them after I dropped my first song. And You know Radio started taking, I was independent. It's still under, it is under Tam Day Open. It is like, I started realizing, oh, You know God is making it way somehow.


Mm. Wow. So I was like, yeah, I'm, I'm willing to go down this road no matter You know the trials. I'm, I'm down. I'm here. I'm ready. But You had to invest in yourself too. 'cause you said you was recording in your room. Yeah. So you was buying studio equipment And, oh, no. You know that. Ooh. Free Mind. The original Free Mind was recorded on my laptop mic. Like, this is the laptop I sang. Ooh. Wow. I I sang it in my laptop. That's why they thought you was on drugs. Well, I, I understand. Actually. I'm not even like, I get it. I'm not even judging them.


Is that why you're able to do so much? 'cause I you engineer too, right? Yes. Well, you were, now I do at one point engineering yourself or now. But is that why you're so like hands on where it's like If, you can't figure out a sound or someone else can't, you'll just figure it out yourself? 'cause you started that way. Yeah. You know it's not a good thing. It's not a good thing. I, I always want to do everything myself. I'm like, I It is Good though, because You know how To do everything. You know how you like your sound. Trust me. Because this album, I engineered myself. I recorded myself, And I engineered myself. The BORN IN. THE WILD. BORN IN THE WILD. I calmed all my vocals. I Know. That's Wild Brother. Go Girl. I started getting help towards the end.


Like, after like, I was literally about to die on the line. I now was like, okay, I actually need help. Like I, but I bet you went back and you You know checked everything. That person recorded. I Didn't. No. You were Burnt out. I was burnt the hell out. I was. I was. So how'd you do the first project? It was less songs. Okay. Got you. Got you, got you, got you got you. Less songs. I wasn't doing as much. I wasn't as big as I am now. Now. But that was, that was, it's not good to do things by yourself. There's a time where you now have to get help.


Let go. Yeah. Feel I have a feeling. Okay. I Was gonna say, do you feel like you have to, one of the people that have to carry the torch, 'cause at one time Afrobeats was so big, right? The genre was so big. I mean, it was huge. See, it feels like it slowed down a little bit. Really? I think. I think so. After me. I feel like it's bigger than ever. No, I I think it slowed down. Especially in the States. I feel like it slowed down. Do you feel like you have to carry that torch and make sure it continues on? Because I, I feel like it has been a, a little bit of a slowdown. Mm. And maybe you don't feel that way. Do you believe it's a slowdown? Hmm. From a couple of years ago? I don't see that. I do O Sake just sold out a week ago. Tim just sold out last night. I think it's more a ly Like we, like, I think it's just the shock value of it here isn't as much anymore.


It's like, like for me it's like how Hispanic, I'm not Hispanic. Yes he is. Yes he is. I'm black. He's Dominican. I'm not Hispanic. Hispanic. I wasn't, I wasn't messing with, I'm just messing with you. He be parade. He's I'm black. Kim, did you see something to say something at one point? Did I ever look at you or think of what you are? Yeah. I'm, I'm black, but ahead. Okay. You're a black fan. Anything you wanna be? It's a new world. You're hilarious. Everybody wanna be black now. Everybody wanna be African Black Panther for real. I, I You know. It's cool. But ahead. What was I saying? Like Hispanic music? Yeah. There was like a


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight in available panoramic moon roof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds in an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes, you can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Seeing our communities grow and thrive is something we care deeply about. Here at Black Tech Green Money State Farm Insurance also cares about the growth of black communities. They're actively investing in programs and initiatives that help provide financial literacy, give early career advice, and grow black-owned businesses. Thus leading to generational wealth, which helps protect the future of our communities. We wanna build a future that we all can be proud of. State Farm understands that representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. It also requires active sponsorship of programs like the Axo, a year long program that recognizes and rewards high school students for their academic and cultural achievements. Along with funding programs like Project Ready. A National Urban League program committed to educational achievement of black and brown youth that has awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to date State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and can have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. And there's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need it or want it. Well, thankfully at t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. It feels good knowing at and t has your back. They take out all the guesswork and the stress letting you get back to simply doing you. Whether you're a dedicated entrepreneur, a multihyphenate creative, a busy parent, or all the above, you deserve a service provider that gets you and your needs. So relax and let at and t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet. Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke. Break


moments Like my daughter telling me a new joke mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away. If, you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


Boom. And I. Feel like it's still big, but it's settled in what it is. Sorry, I have it. Cold tissue. Should They bring her some tissue? They want to making us look bad. He's from Ghana. You did that on purpose. Brandon, go get tissue. Be Nigeria woman some tissue. Yeah. Ghana, Nigerian beef for no reason. Jesus crazy about to give you these hardass Tissues. Wow. When it comes to the Afrobeats and the reggae conversation, I know there's been like a back and forth about that from just different conversations about like you talked about escapism when it comes to that. Can you explain a bit about, like when you said that You know it is, it is escapism. Like that's the purpose of Afrobeats.


What does that mean? Hmm. Before I answer your question, I want to just say that this is the reason why sometimes artists just don't answer questions in interviews because They take it, They carries over. Because now I don't even know what I said in that interview. I don't want to cut Things by. I have the quote for you. You want Me repeat? No, no. Don't read quote. Okay. Alright. Okay. Got you. Just repeat the question again. Sorry. So what, what is escapism when it comes to Afrobeats? Like what does that mean? Okay. So well Afrobeats right now, right?


Is it's ab Each artist expresses their art in their own way. They talk about their life. Let's see what you got this time. Hold on. Sorry. You got taller people. Oh, This is disgust. I'm so sorry, Tim. It's okay. No, I'm sorry. This is perfect. Anything. It's good. No, no Kleenex. Oh my God. Go ahead and blow it. Don't save it. I can't blow it too. It's Mess up. It's gonna mess up makeup. No, it's okay. Around Don't save it. Don't save it. Let go. Don't save it. Tims blow it out. There you go. There we Kleenex. Boom. There we cooking with Grease. I fuck with Tim's. Tim's coughed up a loogie and spit that shit in the napkin. I fucked with that.


Tim's like, I'm never coming back here. This tissue. These hard, hard tissues. Hard ass tissues. You talking about the escapism of Afrobeats, right? Honestly, just, you answered a few. You wanna go because you've been through a lot these last 10 minutes. Oh, Thank you. Yeah. I feel like Afrobeats, every artist talks about their life and what means the most to them. So it can be introspective, it can be just about how You know what's going on in the country. It can be about You know how they're living their life. It just depends on the artist. But the structure of Afrobeats is for dancing.


It's supposed to be danceable music. It's supposed to be groovy danceable music. Absolutely. And You know, especially when Nigerians love that music because it's just like a, forget about your, forget about everything that is you're worried about. Right. And just enjoy life. That's what Afrobeats Is. I think people need to experience that Too. You know. I love it. Yeah, me too. And yeah, If you are going and trying to sing. Oh, the government is You know If. you don't sing it in a groovy way. Nothing for you. And even If, you do, like Nigerians don't want to be reminded of their own hardship.


You know. So they want things that are elevating. Like, I'm going to make it like, I'm going to be great. I'm going to do great things 'cause I am great. I'm, I am gonna enjoy my life because it's, it's life. You know things like that. That's The one thing I would say. Like anytime I travel to, whether I DJ in Nigeria or South Africa, Johannesburg, wherever it may be, that's one thing I could say about the music is no matter how bad somebody's day is in the club that night, it just feels good. It just feels good. Everybody's dancing. They're drinking and it's a good time. That's what made me even start loving African music way back Afrobeats way back. It's because it's just a, a feel. Yeah. And when it came here, that feeling hit so hard.


It was just like, this is good. Charlemagne thought at one time it was gonna replace hip hop, but it just felt so good. Oh really? I just, I still think it might in the long run because I maybe, I mean, hip hop is just such a huge, huge, huge culture Of course. But I'm just talking about musically, globally around The. World. I feel like a lot of people are embracing afrobeats because it does feel very good. And some of the stuff, some of the stuff that's coming from here is so low vibrational. Mm. That You know I can't, I can turn Afrobeats on and everything's not Afrobeats. There's other names for it too. I can just turn it on at the house Yep. While my four daughters is running around And, I. Think nothing of it And not know the artist. But it just feels good through that whole time. Absolutely. Yeah. I I always just say like, music, different genres are for different purposes.


You know you listen to Afrobeats, but I'm sure you still listen to r and b. Of course You know. I'm sure you're not gonna like, be like, oh yeah, r and b's dead. No You know there's different moods, different times. There's a time that you might feel like you wanna play reggae You know and feel that vibe. It's just for different, it's for different purposes. Did you see Bju Bonton on drink Champs and he criticized Afrobeat, he said as shallow and unsubstantial music that lacks content aimed at liberating Africa. Yeah. So that's exactly what I just said.


Reggae is not afrobeats. Afrobeats is not r and b. It's not rock. You know reggae is for a certain purpose. You know Afrobeats thinking about the origin, which is Nigeria is for a certain purpose. It's for the Nigerian people. Now If, you like ni Afrobeats from the outside. Do you understand? You, you like, you can join us in the enjoyment of it. But Afrobeats was tailored for Nigerian people originally. Do you understand? It uplifts the Nigerian people. Do you understand? So I wouldn't look for something, if I'm looking for something in reggae, I cannot expect to find the same thing in Afrobeats.


'cause it's not tailored for the same people. So Afrobeats originated in Nigeria. Yes. I didn't know that. You didn't know that he's A dj. No, I, when I would go to South Africa and you just hear the music, but I didn't. South African is af and my piano Afrobeats is, and South Africa has other genres. But ABIs is not South African You know. Y'all got All the biggest artists too. Yeah. Yeah. ABIs is Nigerian. That's it. Standard You know. How was it doing? Get it right with Asaki. I love Asaki by the way. As Am I pronouncing it right? Asaki. Asaki. Asaki. That's, that's You know. That's a wine, like a little Asian asaki.


But go ahead. No, it's not Akikiki. How do you pronounce it? Asaki. As as He has a List. As as. Oh my goodness. Like air, like air, Air, Air As But don't, don't pronounce the R like that. So like, as but remove the R. So as as There's no r in his name though. Oh my goodness. No, I'm telling you how to hate. I'm giving you the step by step process to get into. Okay. Sha sha. KK. Let's say it fast. A sha as Not k, K Ke ke like that.


Oh, you care about Care Sha like with a fake A without, without the R. No, we remove the R now. Hold on. You're almost there. You're almost there as Sha care. No R Exactly. Boom. Boom. As Sha care. Got You. Great. Say it again. No, he's great. Yeah, he's Great. He's really Good. How was it? Because we, we We That's so Fun. I wanted him up here. But he's, I heard he doesn't like to do interviews at All. Ah, okay. Yeah. I want me, I I I support him. I'm not, I mean, I'm not sure on you guys, but I understand me. I'm not, I I I get Him Back here. Is it us or just interviews in General? If. you think I'm gonna come here and be like, oh wow.


Yeah, I'm with him. I'm with him all the way. But You know. Nah, he's dope. You not having a good time. I'm having a great time. But I also, me, I'm, I'm, I'm person that can't see from multiple perspectives. So I'm about to pronounce this name wrong too. Oh God. Who is Gigi? Am I saying it right? Who love me? Gigi. Jji. That's, oh my Goodness. That's a word that has a meaning. Stop. It's not a person I'm Asking. Stop. Oh my God. Questions. Tell him, Tim, go ahead. Wow. Gigi. Damn. Is that Jesus? No. jj. Jj. Good times.


Yeah. Love me. J So JJ means, oh my goodness. Sort of small, small, Small, small. So it means gently love me. Ah, you Love me gently. Okay. Okay. Okay. Small. Love me. Small. Small. Like, love me. J like Got you. Take you easy. Take your time with me. Like You know. Don't be don't be roughing me up. Yeah. Love me gently. You. know what I'm saying? Fire. Yeah. Fire. Good times. Y'all Ain't know that. I didn't Know that It was, I saw the that on the thing. And I. I just knew you was gonna ask it. So I just let you. But I knew it wasn't a person. I know you're into, you're, you're into rap. Like you got a lot different.


Like tea in On Here is Inspired by 50. Who are some of the other artists, like rap artists that like inspire you in like your sound? Oh, Lil Wayne. Wheezy. Definitely Lil Wayne, Kendrick, Drake. Abso, Absol, fire Absol and Andre. 3000. That's a great list. Yeah. Can you like to, Lil Wayne is the most though. Oh, You, you've always been a big Lil Wayne fan. Oh Yeah. Did you Wanna rap at first?


I was introduced to rap so early by my brother, so it was little win. I heard first I heard Make It Rain the remix. And it was his verse that stood out to me a lot. I make it rain on the house. Yeah. Anyway, I know you got in trouble. I know your parents heard that one. Oh, my mom, she didn't really, she didn't know what, she was just like, oh, they're just doing their, their children things. She did not know what was going on. But yeah, after that, all of Lil men's albums, I, I listen to it religiously.


Yeah. Yeah. J Cole. J Cole. He's on the Album. How Can I forget Free Fall? Are you like all the big three? But J Cole. I, I started listening to j Cole much later in my, in my years. Yeah. When you were in Uni College. Is that when you started listening to J Cole? Yeah. Yeah. Same. Me too. Did 50 come to the show the other night? No, he didn't. I wish he did though. Actually, I wouldn't even know if he did, to be very honest. But I, I soon I'm gonna, I'm gonna meet him soon. I'm gonna be honest with you, man. We just keeping you here to bother you at this point.


No, You're really funny. You're really funny. Am I funny? What? Yes you are. It's a dry sarcasm, but it's great. Oh, sorry. It is a bit dry. I'm usually better You know. No, it, I'm actually usually better. But it's, but We know you sick. You just perform. So It's all good. Exactly. And when you sit next to him over there, it just, it works. I am a good time. Mm, exactly. You wanna, as I'm sitting here now, I've already collect, collected one shots, warm bullet. Come on, let him go. Let me hear 'em. Let, let what? The shots you gave you shot me already. No, I Did not. Yes you did. You said that, you said Nigerians cannot, I don't even wanna repeat that.


No, don't worry. He spoke to you in a a like where did the accent come From? It's okay. But, and that too, he also did the Wakanda accent. He called you? No. He called you a schemer. No, that, that He called my people. Oh yeah. Sorry. No, I You know what, it's okay. I'm used to this. It's fine. I am a Tims fan. Oh, is that so? Yes. Okay. Sing something unfortunate. I I I like unfortunate. I like Free Your Mind, which I was talking about earlier. I like a lot of records. I'll listen to Morning Wild yesterday. Oh, okay. Absolutely. Let's, let's play a joint off the album so we can get Tim Za outta here so she can get some records.


What you wanna play? You wanna play Get it right? Ooh, yeah. We could do that. Free four between Get It Rights and Free Four. I don't You know. Sometimes I don't be liking to hear American rap on Afrobeats. Really? I don't. Is that your thing? You don't like Not saying? I'm not saying it's not, it's not whack. It's just like, I don't know. It's just I haven't heard it mesh well the Right way yet. I feel you. Okay. You know what I mean? Am I tripping when I say that? No, it's just your, your preference. You know. Mm. It's just what you like. There's a, there's an artist named Ruben Vincent from North Carolina. He, I think he's, he's been finding his groove doing it, doing it the best. Mm.


Okay. Fair enough. Ruben. What? Vincent. Ruben. Vincent. I'm gonna check him out. He's from Carolina. He's actually, I think Ruben is Nigerian. Really? Right. I think we played him last week. He's not. I think he, he's from somewhere on the continent. Okay. Yeah. But he, he's he nice in North Carolina. Okay. Tim, it's time for you to go blow your nose. I know. You, us. I get it. I understand. Do you have A whole day after this or you going home and or go back to chill? I'm traveling to Toronto tomorrow. Really? I, sorry. To to today. As, as I'm leaving here. I don't know why I said tomorrow I have a show in Toronto tomorrow. At least You could wrap your hair in. Oh, You know what I the one to ask you about. I saw a long time ago. It wasn't that long ago, but you said that you wear baggy clothes in the studio.


Oh. So that producers aren't distracted by your, by your body. I used to, yeah. Yeah. I mean, yeah. I didn't know it was a thing. But You know. It's only when you do something in ignorance that you find out. So obviously I was my normal self And I realized people's reactions to me. You know, especially when I was, I was like 17, 18 when I was like going around studios. So I started noticing like, oh, every time I come here people don't take me seriously. Okay. Oh, what is this? Why, why is this a thing?


Like why, why you've seen many women before. Why is this such a huge deal? Just another woman. And then I just realized, okay, if there's nothing, if they can't see anything, then they have nothing to talk about or think about. They can only focus on your talent. Yeah. But You know that also doesn't work as well these days. But then it did to, to be honest, it did. It really did. We, we had a conversation about it here on the air. Really? I, yeah. 'cause I was just saying that it's, it's sad that you have to do that. 'cause that shouldn't be on you. It should be on the men, the control they got. So You think that that, I mean Yeah, but like, who's gonna, who's gonna tell them?


You know And. I can't. I can, I could have at that time. 'cause I was going to studios alone, You know. I'll just like take a cab and go meet like somebody in the studio in hopes of You know getting help. I can't naively say, well, you should control yourself. You know. That's a bit You know. Yes, you should. But in the meantime, I don't have time to teach you what to do Right now. There's just bypass that I, I need, I need to, to get what I need to get. Yeah. I mean, see that's fucked up Though. It is, But it's the reality of being a woman. Yeah.


It's, it is one of them Things. It's crazy. How do you feel now when people, like, when you do dress, like, 'cause you dress in bag your clothes today, but like when you dress up and it's tighter or whatever and people react to your shape and stuff like that, does it bother you? Not at all. Not at all. I don't even, I don't even notice it to, unless they're telling me directly like, oh, you are beautiful lull. You look good. I'm not even, I don't notice it. Like, I just think people are happy to see me. Right. If they're happy to see me 'cause of my body. I don't know. I don't care. I'm just like, okay. You the only girl. Yeah. It's, I'm one girl. I have an older brother.


Okay. So you probably came up with him. So you Yeah. You like a guy in a lot of ways. No, I had a lot of female cousins. Like at least 20. Got you, got you, got You. So we're very close in my family. So they were, they're like my sisters. And they taught me everything I know. But once I turned eight, my brother was like 1110. My brother stopped allowing me to hang out with him. He is like, go find your old friends please. So I didn't really grow up like doing boy things. Yeah.


Well we appreciate you for joining us. We do appreciate you. Hopefully you'll Come back. Yes, I will. If, if he doesn't have any more shots to throw or maybe I'll go out. I'll go and get my own shots. I'll come back with You know. I'll go and learn your accent. You'd be surprised. I can't even pronounce nothing. That's all you gotta do. Come in here and pronounce everything. Have you been to Nigeria? No, but I love Nigeria. You see, I've been to Ghana. How many Nigerians have you interviewed? A Lot. And. I did not. I got great Nigerian Friends. It did not inspire you to go to Nigeria or Ghana. No, I've been to Ghana. Mm. I've been to Ghana, I've been to Ghana. I've been to Zanzibar, Tanzania. Mm. I've been to Johannesburg. I've been supposed to go to Nigeria.


My girl Py You know Cuppy DJ Cuppy. Yes. Yes. Cuppy wanted me. She been wanting me to come to Nigeria for a while. And you didn't still know? No, I, I go to, I tried to go to some place on the continent every It for really? You don't really, now I know that you don't really like us like That. It's fine. I love from Nigeria. Okay. I've been wanting to go someplace on the continent. I try to go one place on the continent every year. Okay. So you come, you go to Nigeria. To Lagos. Yeah. I I I would love to Next time You go ahead. And I. Hope that you do because I think it would like broaden your perspective, your mind like boom, like literally, I'm not even joking. Like I feel like you'd have a lot more context to not just Nigerians, but to Afrobeats to the whole culture.


To just the impact of The World on us and also on them. I think that would be more like You know until you guys as well. I think you guys should all I'm here to promote my country. I've been, I go every year. And, I been, I've been there DJ there before. I, I have, I used to go every year, twice a year myself. When I went to Ghana, I went to Ghana. I went to Ghana for Afro cell. The, So have you had Nigerian food? Yes. Which was your favorite? Nigerian and Ghana. Well, I had, I had a lot more food in Ghana. So you see No, no, no, no, no. Try no, because I was in Ghana for like 10 days. So I experienced a lot more Ghana. They food. I had Nigeria food 'cause cup's mom cooked here.


And what, what did you eat? I had jollof rice. Of course. Mm. And No egg go, no pond. Yeah. Egg goose. And what, what'd you say? What you, when you say tell you y'all was doing so well, right? Y'all was doing so well. Eggi soup. I don't know. No, no. I think it was like some, I forgot what we had. But it was great though. Ah, no. Charlemagne, today, I'm telling you, you are gonna go to Lagos. I don't know when, but I know that you're gonna go and you're gonna have Nigerian food and you're gonna see everything I'm talking about. Even me, I, I would make more sense to you.


Like you don't understand me better. If, you If, you went to Lagos. I Understand you Tim. Here. Do you understand me? Yes. A sure. Yes. Okay. What do you mean We understand wavelength? I'm right here with you. Okay. I'm gonna go to Nigeria. I'm gonna bring all cash. No credit card. Ladies and gentlemen, it's Tim's. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause If, you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


This is Coke zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly, tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide.


Roku has what you need to make your college home away from home. Feel more like your own. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku tv. Or bring a Roku streaming stick to easily access all your favorite free and premium content. Like iHeartRadio. Stream your favorite playlist with the Roku vibe, setting smart light strips to syn your music to millions of colors and make your dorm feel more like you. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku TV's, streaming players and smart lights. Head to Roku dot com or your favorite retailer to deck out your dorm.


High five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits@highfivecasino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High Five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com. Five five casino.


There's two kinds of people in The World. People who love health aid kombucha and people who have never tried it. The bubbly mix of probiotic tea and refreshing juice is delicious and good for your gut health with great flavors to choose from that you can't help but love If, you Haveve. Never tried it before. Maybe try a bottle or can of passion fruit tangerine or ginger lemon, your taste buds and your gut will. Thank you. Look for the brown bottle with an anchor on it and try health aid Kombucha today.