
At t has a new guarantee because things in life are not guaranteed. Like getting through self-checkout by yourself, not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Life is an act of constant reinvention. That's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey, all you women's soups, fans and folks who just don't know yet that they're women's soups fans. We've got a big week over at Good Game with Sarah Spain as we near the end of one of the most exciting women's college basketball seasons ever. The most parody we've seen in years with games coming down to The Wire and everyone wondering which team will be crowned national champions this weekend in Tampa. Listen to Good game with Sarah Spain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hi, I am Bob Pitman, chairman and CEO of iHeartMedia. I'm excited to introduce a brand new season of my podcast, math and Magic Stories. From the Frontiers of marketing. I'm having conversations with some folks across a wide range of industries to hear how they reach the top of their fields and the lessons they learned along the way that everyone can use.


I'll be joined by innovative leaders like Chairman and CEO of Elf Beauty, Teang Amin, legendary singer songwriter and philanthropist Jewel. Being A rockstar is very fun, but helping people is way more Fun. And Damien Maldonado, CEO of American Financing, I figured Out the formula I have to work hard than that's Magic. Join me as we uncover innovations in data and analytics, the math and the ever important creative spark the magic. Listen to math and magic on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcast. Wake that ass up early In the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is here as well.


And we got a special guest in the building. That's right. We got the queen and queens. Get the money we have. Roxanne Shante, welcome. Hey, thank you. Thank you. I appreciate that. How are you feeling? Ah, One, I feel absolutely blessed. Okay. You know, and And I feel good. I feel good. I think I've learned to age and, And I enjoy it. So because I don't fight age I feel good every day back. Be fucked back. Be messed up. I feel good. I feel Good. Well, congratulations. You got a lifetime Grammy Achievement Award. Yes. Yes. How did that feel? That was amazing. You know, when they first even contacted me and told me like, listen, we are gonna give you a lifetime achievement award at the Grammy's. And then when I heard the class that I was in, which happened to be Prince and Frankie Beverly and Frankie Val and Taj Mahal, the Clash.


You know when you first hear all of them and then you say, okay and you're adding Roxie and Shante. It was just incredible to me. But it also shows perseverance. It shows patience. It shows something that, you know, a lot of people need to have that understanding that when it comes to hip hop and even when it comes to getting into entertainment and careers, some things are gonna take time. Sometimes it's the slow grind. Yeah. You know, it's the slow, it's the slow burn that makes the incense smell good. Did they have a hip hop category when, when you guys were first putting out records? No, they didn't. And then all of a sudden they did come up with one and then I remember we had to, everyone got together and wanted to boycott because they had to it back out. Then they added it in. So yeah, definitely. Was it bittersweet A little bit because it was like, I feel like I should have been recognized a long time ago for my achievements and what I've done in this industry.


Honestly, no. Really? Because if I was going to get a Grammy, I would prefer to have it for lifetime achievement. That means that it really focuses on everything that I've accomplished. Right. You know, like when you see my Grammy, my Grammy represents the person who didn't sell millions of albums. You know, my, my Grammy represents the person that said no to a lot of things that people said yes to. Mm. You know what Emini here. So therefore it has like a little more of a significance to me personally. Yeah. So I would love to have it that way as opposed to, you know, because sometimes people will look at a Grammy and say, okay, well we know they're gonna get the Grammy this year because they had the hottest video and they had the this and they had the that. Right. Yeah. But in order to have a lifetime, you know, you have to put a lifetime in and not everybody's gonna last a lifetime. Some people gonna get a hot five years.


Yeah. Some people might get a good 10. You know what I'm saying? I've had a strong 40. And You're the first solo female rapper to do that. Yes. To do so like to receive this Recognition. Absolutely. That's amazing. Yes. What was sitting in that moment like for you? Because it is a first, you are getting it because of the entirety of your career, not just the moment when you get that call and you're sitting in it is like, whew, wow. Is it like boom, duh. No. For me it was like I really, it was like hard. It was hard for me to just understand like, this is really happening. Because when you come into the industry, you come into the industry for like three things and that's to get a record deal because you wanna make sure that you get a record deal. So you're gonna make a lot of money. And then two, you wanna make sure that you do that great album, you wanna go platinum, you wanna be on billboard, that type of thing.


But then you also want a Grammy. I think everyone that goes into the music industry, you know, as far as a performer or making records, you want a Grammy. So for me it was like after a while I didn't expect that, but I also knew that I wasn't gonna stop being me. Yeah. Like I was not going to change being Roxanne Shante. So if I was destined to have a Grammy, then it's gonna come whether I sell a million records or not. And that's the reason why sitting there I was like, okay, I'm really sitting here. Like I am really next to them. Like literally I had to reach out and touch people. 'cause I was like, am I really? Is this real? Like yeah, let me just make sure, you know. And I took my daughter with me And I kept touching her and she was like, ma, you gonna mess up my makeup? I'm touching her face, I'm touching her. You know, that type of stuff.


But yeah, so definitely I truly enjoy it. I wanted to ask, you know, I was talking to, to Sydney who's there, she does our, our digital and she was like, you know, she watched the Roxanne as Chante, just Roxanne as Chante movie. Loved it. But she was like, there was much about it that I missed out of it. And she was like, you know, she really didn't go into the group homes that she went into and this, that and the other. Why was that taken out and why was that not addressed? 'cause I even heard you say something that, you know, you seen a better situation in the group home than in an actual home. Yes. So why was that taken out so much? You know, when we did the Roxanne Roxanne movie, you know, a big shout out to Pharrell Forrest Whitaker, you know, Mimi Valdez, Nina Bon Jovi, big shout out to them for making this happen.


But when we did the movie and when I told the story literally every day, everybody was in tears, you know, because I was in the streets for a very long time and, and being a young girl in the streets and being a pretty girl at that, you know, there's a lot of things that can happen. Yeah. You know, and it, it makes, it makes you kind of cold. It changes you a little bit. And so we only did three years of my life because at first we weren't really prepared. Felt like The World was prepared for the full Roxanne Shante story. You know what I'm saying? It's not something that you could really sit back and be like, you know, it had a lot of gasping moments. And then when we were doing the movie, one of the things about it was the young lady who played me, her name is Shante Adams. It was her first time she had just came outta school June 26th and July 5th. We had her already taping. This was her first time being in the movie.


And there were a lot of things I didn't wanna subject her to. Wow. You know what Emini here, because I knew that coming in the industry, it's whatever you are first presented as is what you continue to be in the industry. I don't care how much you try to change, they see you as that first time they were introduced to you. And so I didn't want her to have any nude scenes. I didn't want her to have any strong sexual scenes. I didn't want her to have any strong abuse scenes. So that this way her standard for what she's going to have in the industry and it shows in the work that she did following up. Right. Working with Denzel and doing such other great movies and doing plays and stuff like that. I was also thinking about her. So I was like, listen, we can't put that in, but it'll make a hell of a book. You know, we can't put that in, but I want to talk about this part.


And then even the extension of my movie, 'cause people say it just stopped so abruptly. It did. I didn't get a chance to introduce them to biz. So now Qvi has done the extension of that. So now we are looking to like the part two of everything that I've done is now getting ready to show up in this new project, which is incredible to me. Now break Down while Kuy here, the luxury covy, can we get a a chair for, for Kuy and that over there? Absolutely. Absolutely. And while we get a chair for him. Now, how did Biz get introduced Biz marking? How, how did he get introduced? He was sleeping in the hallway in Queensbridge. Like this is, that was my introduction to biz To, to Biz Markey Was sleeping in the hallway in Queensbridge, but he was sleeping there because he was working with Han and he was, he biz had the energy that we all needed because he said we are gonna be stars.


And I really couldn't see that. 'cause we are sleeping in the movie theaters on 42nd Street and I'm putting my feet across Biz Lap because I hate sticky floors. Like still today. Like I will lose it. Right, right, right. Get the floor is sticky. I will get up and mop in the middle of the night. That is one of my things, you know, because I don't want the floor to be sticky, you know? And so for me, one of the things was biz would always say, don't worry about it. Sha like, we gonna be stars and Emini here. We got karate Flix playing Emini here. If anybody that went to his funeral, they saw that we, you know, I kept my word at the end of everything that we were gonna do regarding it. But he had that energy that we all needed. And even when my DJ told me like, yo, listen, I'm not gonna play for you no more, da da da.


He said, look, I will beatbox the entire show for you. And he beat boxed so much that night. He literally had to put his lips inside of ice water. Yeah. And so these are the stories that people didn't get a chance to see. So that was the extension where Co v saying, you know what the, the story has to be told. And there's no way that you can tell a Kovi Bismarck story without Kovi. Of course. So Kovi gives you the whole vision of how it takes place from Ko v's. Eyes and what he's seeing, you know, which is incredible. And my daughter gets a chance to play me, you know, 'cause who else gonna be Roxanne and Shante? That's right. Okay. That's how you do it. Well cool. I would love to hear, you know, your take on putting a project together.


Because I remember you posted something and you were talking about how you still cry when you hear certain Biz McKee song. I do. And you mentioned that the story, his, the story of his life could never be told the right way unless you two did it. Right. And now you're doing it. So I think that Emini here, it's gonna be exciting to watch. But I would love to hear, you know, you talk about putting it together. Well If she didn't bring the vision with the Roxanne Roxanne movie, right. Who thinks they gonna make a movie about your life? You know what I'm saying? And that movie was so good. We said, damn, we all got a movie. Really. Like, like, you know, we we, the Juice crew, we every member has a movie. Yes. Right. And then we started losing members. So, and we lost Mr.


Magic first before all of this even happened. So we saying, damn, we didn't get a chance to make a magic movie. Shani got a chance to make her movie Biz left. I gotta make a movie. People might not know my, my role in the crew. I'm gonna tell about this whole story through my eyes because I remember biz getting down with Sha first. 'cause Biz was Shannon's beatbox first, then Shante putting him on the roll with her. And then she bringing then Biz Bringing me and Kane and Swan on and then, you know, everybody just coming on. But it was because of her allowing her platform to be shared with us.


'cause we all had something. But she had it. You see what I'm saying? She had that gift and it came across and when we all, she took us all on the roll with her. Every last one of us performed with her. So I could tell that story now. You know, I did it in the books. I got three books outright. So, you know, and for people that don't know the symphony, the Symphony two DJ Koy Never sleeps. These are all stories about all of us. Yep. It's not just about me, it's about all of us. The journey and everything. Like that big shot to Lucio Dutch for writing those books for me. And we put together this movie and the script is incredible. How Did y'all know Biz Marky was the one? Right. Because if you look at biz, you ever been around biz, you'd be like, no way he's gonna be a successful rapper.


'cause he always is joking, he's always laughing. He was like the big teddy bear. Absolutely. Like how did you know he was gonna be the one? Because he never gave up. He literally dream like on moments when I was like, listen, I'm about to go back to dating hustlers 'cause this is not working. Period. We all have those times. Well, I've been there. Yeah, exactly. Like, listen, I, I I need a fur. Y'all playing me. You know what I'm saying? And I know I can get this. And so he still had that. Like, no, this is what we are gonna do. This is it. And so even going through, you know, not only going through group homes, but also going through foster care. Biz always wanted to be loved. He always felt like he was the last to be chosen. He was the last to be picked. He was the last to be fed.


He was the last to be dressed. And he was like, don't worry, we gonna be the first you watch and see what happens. We gonna be the first. So nobody knew the backstory of what we were going through in order to even become this. Like before the Roxanne Shante and the Roxanne Revenge, you know, nobody knows about, you know, 42nd Street and being night kids and different things like that. And with biz, you just knew that it's something magical about him. Like literally when you looked at him, because he wasn't the nice looking one. And, and, and he smiled like as if they was bright whites and baby they wasn't. And he used to smile and he just had this whole vibe about him that was just incredible. And you say, you know what?


His energy and his magic rubs off because sometimes we just need that magical person next to us. Yeah. You know what, Emini here. And then he made all of us have that magic. And I realized, okay, you know what? I can be that magical person for somebody because biz was that for me. So you become a incredible hype man. But then before you know it, you become the front man. Yeah. Was it true that biz had ownership or part ownership of Teletubbies? Was that true? That was always a rumor that went around. I, And I was just curious was that was true? Listen, you Mess around with Don't Ask me that. You Listen, you mess around with Bizzy on half Of everything. Hold on. I gotta wear biz. You know what I'm Saying? Nah. Well, Biz Biz could create Yeah. Some entertaining stories. And because of that is another reason why he was one of the greatest entertainers ever.


Mm. So no, I, I'm not, I don't know. You know what I'm saying? Because that's between him and his estate. Whether or not he getting that Telly Tubby money. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. But if that's the case, then I'm definitely the purple one I say that is, that was one of the, the one interviews I'm, I'm upset we missed. Right. I would always see Biz on the Road. Right. Yeah. Because biz after he, you know, he rapped, he started getting in the DJing heavy And I would always see him on the road And I, And I would always say, yo, you gotta come. He'd be like, and he would call Charlamagne. He would call myself. And I was the one that I was like, I would just love to sit down and just talk to biz. Mm. Yeah. I would love to man. Yeah. Well you know, like Biz was the connector.


Yeah. I'm still with her to this day. Mm. We, he connected me with everybody, like all of us. Like she shared her platform, bi connected, the people, the other pieces to go to the puzzle and you know what I'm saying? And like she said, his stories, whether they were true or not, it made you feel good. Mm. And that's why everybody loved everybody Was his friend. Every everybody Was his cousin. Everybody. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So you would love the stories because the stories would get your attention to pay attention to the talent. And his talent was he believed. He believed, like you say, the little engine that could Yes. That was the ultimate hip hop little engine that could because he didn't, wasn't the best rapper, he wasn't the best beat box, he wasn't all of these things.


But he loved to do it. And he said, we going to be stars. We gonna be stars. Watch, watch. Mm. And when he said it, you know as much as you would say Yeah. Right. He made you believe it, it it put that battery in your back to say let's go. Yeah, let's make it happen. And then we put, we all did. You know what I'm saying? 'cause everybody got they super talent. Right. We like, you know, we combined forces and we became that juice crew Allstar thing. Yeah. We like the super friends. Super everybody. Yeah, we super friends. Everybody is every friends we came together, everybody got their own talent and we respected each other's talents, but we all pushed each other to be better. The one thing that I was always bothered me about Legends is I felt like you guys crawl so everybody else could run.


Right. And I always felt like I love the flowers and I'm sure you guys love the flowers too, but I always felt like the industry did you guys dirty. Right? As DJs, producers, rappers, performers, you know, they ate and made billions of dollar off this thing that you put on your back and did it for the culture and did it because this came from the heart. And I don't feel like you guys ever made the right money for that. You know what Emini here, because you still had to put your kids through school and your kids through school. How did that always make you feel like the industry? Did you dirty? Like you never got what you was deserved? You know, for me, I think I might be one of the only ones that was not angry.


Like I just was never angry. I felt like what I'm supposed to have, I'm supposed to have what I'm going to get, I'm going to get it is destined. And so I never looked at it like, okay, well why aren't they picking me and why don't I have this and why can't I have that? Instead I would look at some of the things that some of the artists would go through. Because if we look at it now, like if we tally up everything right now, I'm in a better position than anybody that was hot in the eighties. Mm. And that's both financially, mentally, physically at this point in my life, I'm better than most of them if not all of them. Hmm. And the reason why is because I was willing to wait patiently until the universe said, here you can have it.


I came in the industry at 15. At 15 years old, you give me a million dollars, it's gonna be gone in a year. Why? Because I'm gonna want a car. I'm gonna want this, I'm gonna want that. I'm gonna want these things. Okay. So now you give me a million dollars in my fifties, I'm gonna maintain that for the rest of my life. Why? Because I've already been put in a great position. And when we talk about being put in a great position, you know, I'm on, I have a, a show, you know, have a nice day LL Cool J's, rock the Bell's radio. And I have a show and we started off with 30,000 listeners per day and now we are reaching millions per day. So he had ll seen the vision and was like, look, your voice and your storytelling and your experience, we need to have you on every day.


So he set us up. So automatically I went and got Cool V because there's no way that I could be in any position of, of growth and not look behind me and see one of my juice crew members like it. They have to be in the room. I need them in the room. Yeah. Right. That is the energy and the magic that comes along with being loyal to each other. So when I look over And I see VI know I'm gonna have a nice day. I know I'm gonna have a great day. So because of that, the success of that. And then along comes the paid in full foundation, which Nas is a part of and and because of the Horowitz's and they say, well listen, you know what, we wanna sit you down and this is what we want to tell you. For everything that you've done in the industry for all of these years, that you've done all this hard work and you've been overlooked and you've been overshadowed and all of these other things, we have something for you and we want you to know that this is what you can have.


So literally they made me a millionaire. Wow. So when they made me a millionaire, I remember doing an interview and they said, well now that you have the money, which I would've never saved from then. Mm. The money that I would've never had from then, you know, from everything that went on between people going through drugs and different things like that. Now that you have this money, what is it that you do now? And the first thing I said is sleep. Because I never knew what it was to sleep. I knew what it was to rest. I knew what it was to take a nap. I knew what it was to catch a quickie, that type of thing. But I never knew what it was to sleep since I was 15 years old. Never knew what it was like to just get under the covers and sleep. So when I received the check, I slept, you know?


Yeah. And I told him, I said like for the first time in my life, wow. I know what it's like to sleep and not worry. And not worry and not, and not have to be woke up because now I got something to do, a job I have to do. You know? Now I do. I get up to go to work. Absolutely. I love my job. I do what I do. But the main thing is I now know what it is to sleep. And so some people don't understand that. You know what I'm saying? Like for me that's what it was. So that money brought me some sleep. Yeah. Well I was mad a little bit about, I was pissed. I was pissed because you, you think about it like this, right?


I can, I gotta blame myself first and foremost for signing contracts and not getting a lawyer just being happy to be in the room. But we was teenagers. Yeah. Because at that time, And I don't mean to cut you off, but let me Just say this. At that time you don't know the difference between your signature and the autograph. So anytime paper is put in front of you, you automatically sign it because you don't know the difference between your signature and the autograph. Not that young. Not exactly. So what you're doing is you're just signing, you know what, Emini here and Now to this day


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah. Don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


The World is constantly changing. If it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like Intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Welcome to Pod of Rebellion, our new Star Wars Rebels Rewatch podcast. I'm Vanessa Marshall. Hi, I'm Tia Skar. I'm Taylor Gray. And I'm John Lee Brody. But you may also know us as Harrison Doula Specter two INE Renz Specter five and Ezra Bridger Specter six from Star Wars Rebels. Wait, I wasn't on Star Wars Rebels, am I in the right place? Absolutely. Each Week we're going to rewatch and discuss an episode from the series and Share some fun behind the scenes stories. Sometimes we'll be visited by special guests like Steve Bloom voices, za Specter four or Dante Bosco, voice of Jael and many others. Sometimes we'll even have a lively debate and We'll have plenty of other fun surprises and trivia to Oh And Me. Well I'm the lucky ghost crew Stowaway who gets to help moderate and guide the discussion each week. Kind of like how Kaan guided Ezra in the ways of the force. You see what I did there? Nicely done John. Thanks Tia. So hang on 'cause it's gonna be a fun ride. Cue the music. Listen to Potter Rebellion on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


We ready to fight? I'm ready to fight. And you ready to fight? Is that, is that what I thought it was? Oh this is fighting words. Okay, I'll put the hammer back.


Hi, I'm George M. Johnson, a bestselling author with the second most banned book in America. Now, more than ever, we need to use our voices to fight back. And that's what we are doing on fighting words. We're not gonna let anyone silence us. That's The reason why they're banning books like yours, George. That's the reason why they're trying to stop the teaching of black history or queer history. Any history that challenges the whitewash norm Or put us in a box. Black People have never ever depended on the so-called mainstream to support us. That's why we are great. We are the greatest culture makers in world history. Listen to fighting words on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


I have never received a royalty for no record I ever made. And we got double platinum, platinum gold, all of that. And we find out later that all of these people are making money off our music. And that's cool. But when you trying to shut me out, cut me in, find a way, do something you've been making money for 30 something years off of my legacy biz legacy Shante, whoever. You know what I'm saying? Like our whole crew, none of us had our publishing right? None of us had all of these things. Right. So I'm not crying about it now. 'cause I always end up on my feet. You know what I'm saying? Like, like we smile every day. I love right now I'm not dwelling on the past, but it's still money being broken down. If even if you can't gimme what you owe me from back then, break it down with me right now.


You getting it. You just supporting your families. I got great grandkids. Not grandkids, not grandkids. Got kids. So why we can't get this money right now. And I'm not upset 'cause we working on a project right now And I just need people to get these investors together to make this project happen. 'cause I know it's ready. I know it's right and we going to do it. Well Let me Just say as somebody's great-grandfather, you look good. Oh, thank you. Okay. Going back to what you were talking about about the movie, the Roxane Shante movie, right? Yes. The young lady that played you, I know you said that she was right out of what acting school. She just graduated outta Carnegie Mellon. Just, just graduated. Right. And you said there was a lot of things that you didn't put in it because you didn't want to subject her to that.


You didn't wanna par through that. Yes. Was that also because you felt like she could, she was so fresh and knew that she wouldn't be able to embody all of that tr that trauma because what your story is Yes. Enough to, like you said, people were crying on set every day while you're telling them the stories. Do you feel that she could really convey that with her being such a fresh, like right outta school? Well, you know, honestly, she, she won breakout Actor of the year from Sundance from my movie. That's amazing. So it was never a question of her ability. It was how would they see her. Like I sat back And I noticed that there were a lot of actors that had played parts that were never able to get out of them.


So if she played Roxanne Shante, you know what I'm saying? And, and and and baby my numbers was high. Like I hand chance Okay. Talking And I didn't wanna put her in all of those positions, you know what I'm saying? Literally, you know, I didn't wanna do that to her. And so I just wanted to make sure that when they viewed her, they saw the talent that had to be played emotionally in every part rather than have her play something else. So that's really what I felt from that. Okay. I Wanted to go back to something you mentioned too with the Rock The bells of LL Cool J. Yes. I, I was reading about, I think this was when he was advertising last year's show, the owner, like you got, you're a minority owner in the brand too. Yes. Yes. That is amazing as well.


Yeah. And I think that, I think a lot of people don't talk about that part of what he does with Rock the Bells and how important it is and that being a foundation. Can you talk a little bit about the hi, his first phone call to you about that and kind of how that felt and how it came together? Well, how this whole thing came about in order for me to have to have a nice day show was I did an interview And I was doing an interview about the movie And I was doing an interview with Elle and we are sitting there and we are talking and we are laughing and he is saying, you know what? I feel like you're interviewing me. He said, you need to be doing this. Mm mm He said, I'm getting ready to start up this company and I'm getting ready to start this radio station. He said, look, this is what we going do B, this is how he does. He go, this is what we going do. B, he Still be licking him lips. Yeah. Came up here.


He was doing it. Yeah. Yeah. He still does. He's like, yeah. So look, this is what we going do B I'm gonna make you part owner, which means everything you work for and how you build this, you're gonna see the benefits from it. You know, not that that was more of an incentive for me to work harder 'cause I was gonna work harder for him anyway regardless. I was gonna do this, I'm gonna always put my best foot forward, right? You're my brother, I trust you. This is what you say we are gonna do, this is what we're gonna do. But just know that the checks on the back is, is a nice incentive. You know what I'm saying? That that's a nice little come along to know that you're a owner. But then it also makes, you know the importance of how we represented it. So yeah, so definitely. So the phone call was like, it wasn't even a phone call, it was a face-to-face. And literally I left LA when we did get to New York, he had already set it up for me.


He was like, look, I know that you had not really done radio and this is not something like I didn't know how to work a board and everything else. So they had to get a whole team together for me. And getting a team together was like a difference because I didn't just come on as talent. It was like, okay, we're gonna get everything that you need and all you have to do is be you. And that's exactly what he allowed me to be. That's dope. You know, and being an owner and and having others that are also owners is just incredible because it makes you say like, look what we've built. You know, look what his vision saw. And he understood the importance of ownership because he was like, you've done so many things and you've built so many things for other people, now it's your turn to say, look, this is what I built and this is what we have.


And And I thank him for that. Like literally we call him the Todd father. You see him rocking you right now. You know what I'm saying? Listen. 'cause everything he said in the beginning And I wasn't even there for that. She told me all of that. But everything that he said in the beginning, what you see now, he said it back then and we've been on the radio for five years now. He said it then. I love it. Talk about the importance of Nas, right? You said Nas made you a millionaire. Yes. Talk about the importance of nas. 'cause I feel like Nas is is and Ella, both of them are like the forgotten artists. And when Emini here, the forgotten, we all know they get busy or they all, we all know they got classic albums. We all know they get nice, but I don't think we talk about them enough. So talk about the importance of Nas to you and, and You know, with Nas, it's like watching my little brother grow up and be exactly what I knew he was gonna be.


You know, people would say to me all the time, like, why didn't you ever say about how you and Nas met? And I said, because it was genuine. That's me talking to my brother. That's not a conversation that I'm gonna tell everybody. I'm not gonna tell you every time I tell my sisters or my brothers that I'm gonna beat them up. If they don't do right, I'm not gonna do that. And so he chose to reveal that to the public. He did that first in his documentary. He was like, listen. And then Shante said this to me and it made me understand that because you can see even with your, your siblings or even those who are in your neighborhood. 'cause growing up in Queensbridge, you know where there's 15,000 tenants on paper, but 30,000 any given day. Right. Because somebody's always living with somebody. Somebody's always on somebody couch in the projects.


Right. But that was like a little city, but we all knew each other. And I remember seeing Nas and saying like, yo, you're gonna be great. Like it's just something about you And I know you are so stay away from them before I get you. You know? And then he was like, I'm gonna rhyme. And I was like, yeah, but you make sure you have together. 'cause at one time he wanted to rhyme, but he also wanted to make sure that his crew could rhyme. And I'm saying like, so you just writing for everybody, huh? Right. You know? So I need you to just do this for you because you are going to be special. There is something about you. And I know it because I've always had to be my own hype person to tell myself like, yo, listen, you gonna be special. And the same energy that I would get from biz, like saying like, we gonna be, you know, the connection.


You know who's gonna be something and sometimes you can sit back, you just honestly don't wanna say it. But you know who not gonna make it. You know who not gonna make it. You could bring 'em along but you know they not gonna make it. Yeah. You know what Emini here you ever thought about Go ahead. I'm sorry. Go ahead. I was gonna ask you, you ever thought about signing Nas back then? No. And I'm gonna tell you why. The record company was already not paying me. They weren't treating me right. I lived in the hood, literally, you know, I lived, I lived in an area where Cool V came to see me and Cool V got hurt. That's up to him to elaborate on it, He pulled up to Queensbridge and then No, I was, I was living In Newark. She, she came outta my way. Like you On the jersey side lived living. Yeah. I was living in Newark at the time And I remember Colby coming to see me literally to bring me money because the record company wasn't doing what it was supposed to do.


And so I would never take anyone and bring them into what I'm going through. That's almost like someone who's in an abuse situation. And then you bring somebody else along for them to get abuse too. Mm. Gotcha. You know what I'm saying? Instead, I'll just take all this abuse myself, you know, and then whatever I get from it or benefit from it, I'll come back and I'll share it with you. But I don't wanna see you go through this. I want you to take a different path. Right. I see something better for you. So even when they would come to me like, yo, I need to get signed. Not to this label. Mm. Oh I wanna do not this one. Gotcha. You know what, Emini here. And so that's the reason why I never thought signing. But also too, I was never taught the business. You know, they gave me the business. Hmm, okay. Yeah. But I was never taught the business.


And so because of that, I didn't know about writers and publishing and, and everything else. So even now, because I've never received royalties and I've never received any of those things, that sounds so wild to me. Yeah. You know, and it's crazy because we were just, they had just sent me this plaque and everything else letting me know that Roxanne's revenge is certified platinum. And this was a year when they were like, oh no, rappers are going platinum. And they was like, listen, Roxanne's Revenge certified platinum. And for me to sit back and say, well, you know, I still didn't receive royalties from it, but the universe has paid me so well. Yeah. You know, I'm a breast cancer survivor. My kids are good with everything that I expose them to. My son is amazing. You know, I'm married to a handsome husband. Head bow legs, broad shoes Bald.


That's, that's a real nice way. What I'm saying, shout out to brother jab. You know what I'm saying? So one of those things like when I sit back, I would've never thought that my life would be as good as it is now. You know? So I'm, I'm comfortable though. There's a lot of things that I should pursue and go after. I was gonna say Legally though, you don't ever just want, now you got the, you got the lawyer money now. You don't ever just wanna figure it out because that plant come And it's like, so they might, I'm with you v I'm with you. I'm like, I ain't crying about it but I damn letting people know Yeah. About it. That listen, big shout to Isaac K's son. 'cause I just listened to him talk about Copyright terminations. Yeah. And all of these things like that. And bringing that awareness.


So we never had that. You know what, Emini here and it's out here now. So any artist coming up looking to paperwork, don't sign nothing without a lawyer. Mm. Yeah. I don't care if it's your parent there. Your parent ain't in the music business. Have a lawyer on hand because That's right. I signed my first contract with $250. No, you didn't for a beeper. Tell The truth. No, no. I bought a beeper. I bought a beeper. Beeper. No, I bought a beeper with the two 50 Emini here. But All right. I went back in the room, I said Listen man, I gotta go get a beeper right now. So y'all ain't got nothing else I can sign. Yeah. They signed, I signed the, the record deal. So they gave me $500. Jesus, I ain't getting nothing. Mm.


And that's just being Yeah. Trusting, you know, at the time, at the moment. 'cause we living for right now. Right. We never live for the future. You know what I'm saying? And you know, luckily I've been able to navigate through this thing called life and make it. But man, it's been hard. You know what Emini here. Yeah. Big shout to my brother that held my ass up for the last 20 years. Big prev. You know what I'm saying? So we make it. Yeah. But all of those mistakes we made, we don't want nobody to make the mistakes no more. And we not crying about the mistakes. We do want our money. Yeah, I know she talking about, yeah. I ain't worrying about it 'cause she got the big check came, but you know what I'm saying? Listen, anybody that can help, help. Yeah. If you can't, cool. We, we still gonna keep pushing.


We got things to do. And to Isaac Hay, you said man, he has fan base. So I wanna look to him. Fan base. Fan base. Yes. And also, you know, I, I'm a thousand percent into telling these stories, right? Yes. I'm, I'm a hip hop head. I'm from Queens. So it's how I grew up. It's what I saw. It's what I lived. And I feel like these stories need to be told so much more. You hear these stories when it comes to country music. You hear 'em when it comes to pop music. And I feel like we should hear it when it comes to hip hop because there's so many Avengers and superheroes that helped me get by. And, and that I was excited to Emini here. I I remember it had to be 15, 20 years ago and, and you called me to do your opening of your ice cream shop. Sure. Did you know what Emini here Sure did. And, and with things like that, it's, it's just like a different respect.


And I just wanna say thank you for what you did for this industry. Especially for y'all. For me, you know what Emini here, it, it's like no ever, you know what Emini here. But that's why I I, I sold my DJ so close. Absolutely. Because I feel like nobody ever fucks with us and, and they just let us go to the waistline. But that's why I do it so much. 'cause I just want people to know that without any of this, there would none. It would be none of this. You know? Yes. And that's why I love her because she always said, even when I couldn't DJ for, she pulled another person in the crew. She pulled Kane up to DJ for, she pulled all, everybody's been shante's DJ by, by far. She's had, I probably had the most DJs in hip hop. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. In me for a while. See you understand me.


And I see that's what I'm saying. It's the truth. But she's never shied away from sharing her platform. And whatever we can get, we can get it all. Get it together. So right now, I'm just so happy to be with her right now. Doing what we doing. Life is beautiful. That's right. That's, It's beautiful. 'cause she's glowing like a right now. Yes. She, you know what I'm saying? She's, I wanna ask you, well how do you feel about female rap today? You know, when I think about female rappers today, especially like them being my hip hop sisters, of course there are gonna be some things that your sisters do that you're gonna be like, okay, now I didn't, I didn't want you to do that. But I also understand that when it comes to hip hop, it's a reflection of what we dealing with. It's a reflection of society. It's a reflection. When people say, oh, I remember when female rappers used to wear their clothes.


I remember when women used to wear their clothes. Period. You know what Emini here. So you can't just put that on just female rappers because that's just not the case. And then also too, you need to look at it where it's their costume. It's their uniform for work. They're not walking around the house like that all day. Mm. You know, they're not in front of their children like that all day. So because of that, I think sometimes people really read them wrong. Yeah. And don't understand how hard it's, 'cause if you think it's hard being a woman, try being a black woman. If you think it's hard being a black woman and try being a black female rapper. Mm. You know what Emini here, it gets harder as it goes on. The more hats you add to it, the more difficult it is. You know, it's a lot of weight on us on what we represent and how we do present ourselves.


Now the thing that I do love about it is that now they understand the business. So because they understand the business, they've taken more control. They say what they're gonna do, what they're gonna wear, where they're gonna go. You know? And hopefully that is the case for most of them. So when you see the success that they have now, it, it's an honor for me to sit back and say, you know what? I started in the parks so that she's at the Palladium. I started at here where she's at the palace. You know, I was able to battle these men where now she doesn't even have to battle anything. Her, most of her choice now is what Birkin she's gonna carry and where she's gonna go and what car she's gonna get in. Yeah. And if I had anything to do with that, then it's truly an honor for me. 'cause I sit back And I smile. You know, I think that's where you see the fact that I don't have any anger. 'cause I don't have any envy for it.


No pun intended. You know what I'm saying? But the main thing is I love to see them succeed. And as with anyone, you wanna see the next generation do better. Yeah. So when they getting these multimillion dollar deals, I'm like, yeah, that's what you do. You know, when they're going up to these award shows and they're speaking their mind without somebody telling them, shh, don't say that. Don't get up there and feel that way. Yeah. You know, I, I love it. So female rappers today, I, I embrace them all. You got any favorites? You know what I'm saying? I don't have a favorite and that's not a political answer. The reason why is because I'm a person who goes through a lot of different emotions. So I might have a Doshi day when I'm having a Doshi day. You know what I'm saying? It could be my anxiety, you know, I'm, You know, but then I can also have my Cardi B days and you know, I can have my Megan days And I can even have my Remy days and La Queen Latifah days.


It just depends on how I'm feeling emotionally when it comes to, because I'm a person who listens to music emotionally. So therefore I don't have a favorite. Because what can be a good day is a good day. And what can be a bad day is a Bad day. And that's the beauty of it. Right. Because each female rapper, to me these days, it is so different. Everybody not the same. And I know you hear the conversations of all rap is the same, all rap. No, everybody's not the same. Like you said, you got your doce daisy. Yes. You got, you know it. So that's the beauty of what the It's like a mixed pool. Absolutely. You know what Emini here. Yeah. How does it feel to see your daughter jumping into music? You know what? I love it. I love it. You know, to see her, like when my daughter's name is call me Taji, her name is Taji. And when I get a chance to hear her sing deep down in my heart, I was like, damn, she got my voice.


Like That would've been my voice if I was A singer. You know what Emini here, like that's my voice. And when I look at her, her physique, I'm like, that's my body. You know? So I'm that type of mom And I love it. And I encourage her, you know, she doesn't choose to want to use my support with things. And I'm telling her all the time, like, listen, I could get you this. She says no, because I need to earn it. And I feel honored that the fact that I helped her have that in her to want to earn it on her own. I'm like, that's you. I was say She's you. Yeah, she is. She definitely is. She definitely is. So I can sit back and smile. Like you can see how my face just lights up and lights up when it comes to her and seeing all the things that she does. And now even playing me in the movie, like anybody that wants to portray Roxanne as Shante, they must use my daughter or I don't give permission.


Wow. That's right. I love that. That's Right. Yeah. I love that you're doing that. Listen. Hell yeah. If you, if it is gonna be me, it's gonna come from me, it's gonna be mes. Right. That's right. You know what, Emini here. So there's been quite a few projects now that she's been able to do like documentaries for other people. They'd be like, oh yeah, no, listen, we would like to have somebody play. You know, you won't, you'd like to have my daughter play me. She's on her way Now. Do you find yourself being harder on about her actual business? Business? Like the paperwork because of everything you went through with paperwork and misunderstanding things in your career? Like are you like, like no, let Mommy do this. Like let me get in there. No. See, 'cause mommy don't know how to do it. So we just send everything to the lawyers. Gotcha. But what I am very on her about is when she goes to do certain recordings in certain places, I'm one of those moms, like, I don't trust certain situations 'cause I've seen a lot.


So when she tells me, oh, I'm going to a studio. What studio? Yeah. Who, who he work with. What'd he say? You'd FaceTime me. She'd be like, ma, I don't wanna put you on, put me on speaker or come home. Because I know what it's like to be out there and not have nobody Yeah. To put on speaker. So then people think that they can do anything to you. Yeah. I need them to know that I'm around the corner literally. And I don't care where she's at. I'm coming. 'cause if I'm not around the corner, then the things that I've done, I know somebody who's around the corner. Right. Who's going to come. Yeah. You know? And so sometimes I think she feels like I hover over her too much with certain things, but it's the safety factor. And then when she sees certain things in the news and stuff like that, she'd be like, yeah, my mom.


Of course. Yeah. She would've had a fa and you want them to feel that way, you know? Exactly. How old is she? You that She's 26. 26. Oh yeah. 26. Still a Baby. Yeah, she's 26. She'll Get it. Wait till she had 30. She, I You was right about everything. Yeah, she's, shes 26. My last question for you, And I'm going back again, but you've been seeing so much, I'm just like all taking it in that I didn't wanna interrupt. You mentioned earlier about how you honor biz at his funeral. Yes. With the 36 chambers. Oh, You Saw? Yes. I didn't see it, but I, I saw reports about it. Yes. And when I read it knowing, well, not knowing you personally, but just knowing the history of you guys' relationship, I'm like, why? That had to be tough for her, but it probably like it was y'all's thing. Like I know he had Act jokingly said that he wanted you to do that. Yes.


Yeah. What happened was, we were sitting inside of a movie theater on 42nd Street and it was a three for one movie theater. And that's where, back in the days you could see three Chinese flicks and they would play all night long. And we were in there and it was 36 chambers. It was the five Deadly Venoms, and it was Monkey King Kung Fu. And the reason why I remember that is because it played all night long, you know? And so we were sitting there And I had my feet across his, and he was like, yeah, you know, when I die, this is what, and now mind you, we're teenagers and we're talking about dying. Mm. Wow. You know, at this time we're teenagers and we're talking about dying. And he was like, yeah, when I die, that's what I want you to do at my funeral. I want you to come in there and this is what I want. And I was like, yeah.


So at my funeral, I want you to come running it at mine and be like, teacher, teacher, why you leave me? You know, like, that's exactly what I wanted to happen. And so I remember my family seeing me with this karate suit and they was like, oh no, no ma, you not gonna do this karate suit. We didn't think she was gonna do, you know what Im, because I was ready. I was gonna be, I was gonna put the key on, I was getting ready to put the belt, I was coming down the aisle that right. I was ready because this is my brother. I gave him my word and I'm doing this un to the grave, like this is what I'm gonna do. And so they were like, no, you can't have that. So somebody had took the suicide I had on my regular clothes, but what I did was I took a sheet from the hotel. Mm. And when I walked up there, I wrapped a sheet around me like a monk.


Mm. And draped it across me. And then I delivered the speech from 36 chambers, you know, and that was so that he could understand that my brother, you did well, you know, you left me cut Master Covy because it's always like, they always want to leave you something. And so I was like, you left me cut Master Covy and my brother, you did well. And, And I felt good And I was able to sleep at night regards to how anybody felt regards to what cameras caught it, regards to what anybody thought. That was my word to my brother. And my word to me is everything. Yeah. He wanted you To do that. And, and there you go. And so we did it. And I, you know what I was thankful for, honestly, he still left us too soon, but I was thankful that we got a chance to grow up and do that because we were talking about doing that as teenagers.


But to be well into our fifties and be able to do that still made me feel good. Like, wow, we really lived a lifetime. That's right. Absolutely. We appreciate y'all for joining us. Cool V Man, I ain't even think I was gonna see no mic today. Listen, thank y'all. Legendary. Well, we appreciate you guys again. And you know, anytime you're doing anything, come on up When your daughter's ready to, to, to play a song, come on up. Absolutely. Absolutely. That's right. Thank you so much. That's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity. You depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. Att connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey, all you women soups fans and folks who just don't know yet that they're women's soups fans, we've got a big week over at Good Game with Sarah Spain as we near the end of one of the most exciting women's college basketball seasons ever. The most parody we've seen in years with games coming down to The Wire. And everyone wondering which team will be crowned national champions this weekend in Tampa? Listen to Good Game with Sarah Spain on the iHeartRadio app, on Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your Podcast.


I'm ready to fight. Oh, this is fighting worse. Okay, I'll put the hammer back.


Hi, I'm George M. Johnson, a bestselling author with the second most banned book in America. Now, more than ever, we need to use our voices to fight back. Part of the power of black queer creativity is the fact that we got us, you know, We are the greatest culture makers in world history. Listen to fighting words on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, I am Bob Pitman, chairman and CEO of iHeartMedia. I'm excited to introduce a brand new season of my podcast, math and Magic Stories. From the frontiers of marketing, I'm having conversations with some folks across a wide range of industries to hear how they reach the top of their fields and the lessons they learned along the way that everyone can use. I'll be joined by innovative leaders like Chairman and CEO of Elf Beauty to Amin, legendary singer songwriter and philanthropist Jewel. Being a Rock star is very fun, but helping people is way more fun. And Damien Maldonado, CEO of American Financing, I Figured out the formula. I just have to work hard than that's Magic. Join me as we uncover innovations in data and analytics, the math and the ever important creative spark, the magic. Listen to math and magic on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.