
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


State Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future. We know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth Since 2021, State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at and t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


Hey, it's me, Tyler. Both open earbuds are stylish. The color, it looks almost like a earring. I feel like it could go with anything. The music I'm making right now feels like a holiday. I wanna look like it too. Check out boz.com for more.


Turn it up.


Music fans. This one's for you. Coke Studio is dropping fresh music and performances from artists you love like new jeans, Carol g and Peggy Goo and Coke's, giving you chances to win a trip to one of the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste at moves. You scan your Coke. Are Coke. Zero sugar, 12 ounce. Can the unlock fan fuel music moments no purchase necessary. 13 plus in 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize. availability@cokeurl.com slash Studio USA Promo copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne de guy. We are The. Breakfast Club. Jess is on maternity leave. So Lauren Lar is filling in and we got some special guests in the building. Yes Indeed. We Have Morris Chestnut. He's here. And we have Emma Yadi. Did I say your name right? Well done. I was practicing. I appreciate that. Go front. I gotta start like this. Emma. Does Charlemagne look anything like Morris Chessman? I was just looking. I was just Looking. We're here to talk Reasonable Doubt too. No, no, I wanna start there because he's been talking so much. He thinks he's Morris. He's Not a Reasonable Doubt. Ask her that and then ask question. No, no, no.


And beyond a Reasonable Doubt Amia does he look anything? I knew this was gonna come up. I was prepared for this. You were prepared because I've I've heard squint your eyes a little bit. Now here's the thing. Cover one. Eye cover both eyes. Both beautiful chocolate baldheaded men. Thank you. I see that. Thank you. Resemblance. Yes. You see a resemblance In that what I just said. Oh, okay. You, you scared me for a second In the factory model Is what She said. Just the factory give Details. You scared the factory model In what? I said. Yes. Now Morris, does it bother you? When, when this, this brother over here that looks nothing like you, claims that he's you for his birthday. He posts pictures of you.


My birthday. I'm telling you, somebody came to me on the street. That's a lie. I said I'm dead. No, no. I wasn't on the street. You're right. I was at a hotel. I was at the valet and one in the valet. The valet. He said, that's what he said. He said, glasses. You look like Charlamagne. He said, yo. He said, yo, you Charlamagne. I don't know if he was trolling, but he did say That he should afford 'em. Right? Wasn't it dimly Lit valet area? Did he have glasses? I I, no, he didn't have glasses. You know, but it did happen. Damn. It did happen. Well, it did, Lord. Yeah. Y'all that didn't go the way y'all thought was Welcome guys. How, how you guys feeling? So good to have y'all. You're feeling fantastic. Yeah, Man. What, what roles excite you nowadays, marsh. Wow. Because you've been in the game so long. You know what this role did excite me.


Okay. It, it really did. You know the the one thing I I love, first of all, she's incredible. I mean, she's incredible at what she does. Incredible actress. I mean, she's incredible. But the whole production, so the production starts You know with Onyx Collective and we have You know black female executives there. And then of course Carrie Washington's company is producing the show. Simpson Street. Simpson Street's producing it top-notch there. Rama Muhammad, black female showrunner. All the scripts were on time before I had never gotten scripts on a show like that this early. Yeah. I would get a script. We would like, we would, we would be on the second day of an episode and get the script for the next episode.


That normally never happens. So everything was top mind. Then working with her and the cast. This role did, did excite me. Now for people that don't know, what is Reasonable Doubt about? 'cause you are on season two. So if if they don't know, what is it about? Break It Down You know. It's about this high powered You know black female attorney You know who is about her business. You know she handles all of her business when she's, when she's in the office, when she's in court, You know, but she's trying to juggle it. You know she's a mother, she's a wife. And sometimes You know some of the balls drop outta the air You know what I mean? She, she fails at times and she makes questionable decisions, makes mistakes at times You know. But it's about this woman, it's about this marriage, this black marriage. You know, we get to see them trying to figure it out.


We get to see them making mistakes. We get to see them You know really living their life in this way that we don't often get to see on television along with the, the courtroom drama of it all. You know we get to see her really in her element because the show is loosely based on Sean Holly. Oh, that's true. I heard that. Okay. Yeah, she's a very high powered defense attorney in La You know. And so we have all of those elements. It's a good blend. Yes. Of the courtroom drama with the character driven kind of piece. When you say handle that business in court, is that all the place you handle the business? I mean, she does what she got to do. Anywhere, anywhere, everywhere. Did you sit with Sean at all? Did what? Did you spend any time with Sean? Sean? Oh Yes. Yeah. Before we started filming, we You know. She invited me to her home and You know we sat and we talked for hours.


You know, I got to really pick her brain about how she chooses the cases that she decides to take on, because that's the thing You know. We really, I think, nailed that in the show with the kinds of cases that Jacks chooses to accept can sometimes cause issue with her friends or her family. You know, why are you not defending black women? Why did you choose to defend this, this man? And that's what Sean is about. You know. And that's something that I admired and wanted to know a little bit more about. What goes into her selecting the kind of cases that she chooses to represent? Is, is it hard to leave your character onset? Is it hard? No, no. I, I've, I've learned how to just make the separation. I've learned how to make the separation.


And especially with someone like Jax You know she, she has a lot going on You know. So I'm thankful to just leave that there and go home to normalcy. You know, I wanted to ask actors, like, when you have to play a traumatic scene, right? Like when Rickey gets killed in Boys in the Hood, being that they play that so much on tv, does that trigger you when you see it? Like, do you feel That doesn't trigger me. Okay. One thing that did trigger me when I did the first Best Man, it was the first time that I had to be such an emotional space. When I did the wedding scene, I was crying. And I had to be in an emotional space for so long. That triggered me for just even thinking about it for at least, at least five to seven years. Wow. What about when y'all did the TV show? When the, when the, when the wife Was dead.


See, I was, see I had already You know as an actor, I, I had grown And I kind of let some stuff You know it's You know as actors You know, we use our, our trauma in our pain to get there. So I You know, I kind of worked You know on that, but it triggered me for a long time on the, on The First Best Man. Because Did you Ever get tired of it? 'cause Boys of the Hood was so long ago. Did you ever realize how impactful that was gonna be when you, when you shot it? I didn't. I didn't, I had no clue because when I, when I, I mean I was a lead in the movie that nobody knew who I was. Right. And no one knew who Cuba was. You know. People knew who Ice Cube was. Angela wasn't Angela Nia wasn't Nia. I mean, everybody was You know, just popping off.


So I didn't think it was gonna be that big. Nah, That, that's interesting what you said about the Best Man because to be in a role when the TV show came where in, in that iteration of it, You know your wife was Deceased. Yes. You had to tap into that emotion of being a man who lost their wife. Right. How did you leave that at home? Well, so it's, oh, leave that on the set rather. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So it's, okay. So the, so that was the first Best Man I had that. So the Second Best Man was tough because she was battling cancer. And I had to do a lot of emotional scenes then. So I've just learned to manage kind of those emotions. I've learned to deal with some of that trauma in a different way now.


And actually, actually acting is pretty much therapeutic because you're able to release certain things. And so over the years that's, that's what's happened. Were You a fan of Reasonable Doubt Season one because you came on season two? I was, because I literally, I was on, I was, I played the Saturday basketball game and one of the, one of the guys there, he was like, yo, he said, normally after we play he's You know we talk about stupid stuff, dude stuff in the gym or whatever. And then he just said, Hey, you guys seen this show? Reasonable Doubt. And I knew about the show 'cause I knew Ely was on And, I knew Emi was on, but I hadn't seen it yet. He was like, man, it was just so odd to hear him say that on the court. Right. You know what I'm saying? And so he said, you gotta check it out. And so yeah. So before I did the show, I was definitely found 'cause I watched it because he told me to.


And what was harder for you? Because Jax is different season one versus season two. What was the harder draw for you as an actress? Like pulling from the experiences? Was it harder for season one or harder for season two for you? I think I would definitely see, say season two, just because of You know. She's showing a, a lot more vulnerability as a result of what happened in season one. Yes. You know. So that just, it required, just like Morris was saying, You know I gotta pull from some of those places. You know, that kind of thing. So it was, it was more of a, of a challenge in that way. You know, I had to decide to, to open myself up. A lot of times when you see people in the soap opera world, they never leave the soap opera world. But you did. Oh. So, so break down the soap opera world and what got you in the soap opera.


I first, I wanna know how you got into acting. 'cause you, you are a military child. Yeah. Usually that means you're traveling all over the place. Your parents are heavy into education. What got you into acting from the start? It was something that I always loved, I always loved, but I didn't know that it could be a choice to be a career You know. And for a long time it was just fun. Just a, just a hobby. And I thought that I had it planned out. I was gonna go to law school, I was gonna be a lawyer. My father wanted me to go to the military, but I said, okay, I think I'm gonna be a lawyer. But in high school I had a girlfriend who also wanted to be a lawyer, and we had our whole plan. It was gonna be Cornell and Sweeney Incorporated. There you go. You know. But I realized thankfully before You know graduation, okay, no, I don't really wanna be a lawyer.


I'm not trying to go to law school. Like she was taking it serious and would fill out these SATs. I'm like, I'm not doing all that. Is she a lawyer now? She's a lawyer now. She, oh, she, oh, she's way, Okay, okay. So we, we went in the right path. I realized, no, I think I just, I like the drama. I like the suits and You know all of that in the courtroom. And so that's the moment when I knew And I kind of started pursuing it at that point. And this was in, I graduated high school in Jersey. My last two years were out there or in, in Kansas. I was all over the place and then went back to Jersey and really started studying and back and forth up here to New York, all my off, off off Broadway classes and all of that. And then that was it. That was it. And, and my first role was that, that role in Young and Wrestlers Dug and restless.


And that was because that was my mom's show. And she said to her, You know that was me making it, that you made it When you was on, when you was on her soap opera. And She says, you gotta get on Young And I the Restless. And tell Victor I said, hi. Tell Victor I said that. And so a bitter, bittersweet moment about that for me is because my mom passed before that happened before she got to see. And so as soon as I got on the set, I said, Victor, I just gotta tell you You know my mom just loves you. So, and that was a small, that was a really small role. And I think that's how I, the reason why I didn't get caught up in it and staying there because it was a small role, but it was truly one of the most meaningful ones to me to this day because of that. Oh Wow. Yeah. That's so aligned for you. Your first, your first scene, Morris is a, is a, is a sex scene. Right? Right, right, right.


Now, do you ever have to tell these studios not to, not to objectify you because, because we heard meth man once day, he always You know, pushed back against his Sex, Symbol, Status. Do you ever have to tell these studios like, look You know. I know I'm Morris Chestnut, you can't be a stunt double bro. I'm just a stunt. Don't object claim We would know the difference. Or do you ever feel like you're being objectified? Maybe is a better question. I I don't, I don't see that, that, that way You know. It's almost like, 'cause people sometimes they ask me, they say, do you get mad when people call you Ricky? All the time when people see me on the street. And honestly, the one thing about me is I have never ever forgotten where I come from. Right. And, and when I was an actor, just starting out, trying to get an agent, just trying to get a part.


Just say, oh, just please somebody cast me. I just want to be seen. I want to be known so I can get more work. And so it just so happens that that role that I was, that I was dying to get to be able to get more work was a role that it was a, it was a, it was a blessing that it's still still Relevant. The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple cart play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks impressive and exciting.


And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent All Wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new reimagine Nissan kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information. State Farm Insurance gets it. Representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. State Farm understands and wants to help protect our communities by investing in our future building off the hard work our parents have done before us.


We all are looking to create generational wealth so that our families and generations behind us have a better starting point than we did. That begins with financial literacy. State Farm helps fund programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to the educational achievement of black and brown youth. To date participants have been awarded over $11 million in scholarships offers as a direct result of contributions from State Farm at Eating Wall Broke. We hear inspiring rags to richest stories on each episode from our guests. But with State Farm, you can begin to write your own success story. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. It feels good knowing that at t has your back. They take out all the guesswork and the stress letting you get back to simply doing you. Whether you're a dedicated entrepreneur, a multihyphenate creative, a busy parent, or all of the above, you deserve a service provider that gets you and your needs.


So relax and let at and t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life. Focus features presents peace by piece. A first of its kind Lego movie event. The story of revolutionary artist Pharrell Williams. Turns up the volume on your imagination with a big screen experience like no other. Discover what it takes to build the greatest music ever assembled with a star stud lineup. Snoop Dogg, Kendrick Lamar, Gwen Stefani, Justin Timberlake, Jay-Z Busta Rhymes, dab punk and more piece by piece rated PG directed by Morgan Deville opens October 11th and theaters everywhere. Get tickets at piece by piece film.com.


Moments Like seeing my son's team cheer him on mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away, If, you have new or worsening symptoms including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain before taking Ibrance. Tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite In.


Still refer to it to this very day. So now, just because people say Ricky almost every day, I'm not gonna turn around and say, oh man, I hate when people call me Ricky. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Because I was so, I would desired it so much. Yeah. So to your question about You know studios, I don't think they objectify me. I think that I've been in the business a long time and the the younger Morriss would not have imagined that he would be here to this very single day after all these years. So I'm just, I'm, I'm just blessed and And, I'm very appreciative of the fact that they still wanna cast me because in our industry, You know no one really retires from our industry.


Our industry retires us. The phone stops ringing. So as long as the phone's still ringing, I'm gonna keep picking up And, I, And I. Appreciate it. But it's one thing to be a great actor, which you are, but it's another to be considered a heartthrob. Right? It's only like a kind of like, it is like Denzel Mar. Who else fits in that lane? Lauren? Like historically. Who else Omar s was there. What? Mar and Denzel. Michael B. Jordan. Michael b Yeah. He was kind of Fade Noland. Okay. Land Bla Underwood From Queen Sugar, dark Skin Queen Sugar Boris Kojo Sugar. Kofi Kofi is the, he's He's there. Calm down Lauren. Calm down Where we at right now. But I think honestly, you Denzel, it's, it's y'all level of, it's, it's like maybe two or three that are the Go-tos.


It mainly you though, like, you get, you do get a lot of the posts and stuff online. Oh, thank you. A lot of 'em come from Charlemagne's Instagram. But Shut up. I, I think to to the answer to that question is for me, I don't, I don't focus on it because You know. It's, it's, this is the type of industry that's You know. There's, there's, there's gonna be somebody else tomorrow. There's gonna be somebody else the next day. So I just focus, honestly, I just try to focus on doing the best job I can as an actor with each job. And if that comes with it, I'm appreciative of it. If that's what people say, I'm appreciative of that. But I don't, I don't focus on that. I just have to focus on the work because that's gonna keep me here longer than being, being a You know.


If people consider it sex anymore, were you not? The Real, the real Morris Chestnut was the sexiest man alive in 2015. The reason I gotta say that is 'cause sometimes he puts his face there and acts Like, I've never done that. But If, you wanted to call him the sexiest man alive. That's fine. And If you wanna use me to do that? That's fine. What's going, I was gonna ask, how does your, your wife deal with it all You know with, with women hollering when y'all allow and, and the comments. How does she, how does she handle That? Well, I mean, my wife is a star in our family. Family for sure. I mean, she's the one that, I mean, she's a star in, in, in the family and, and she knows, and I'm a homebody. I'm, I'm home all the time. And honestly, the, the older I've gotten You know.


I mean, she's, she's just not even, she's not stressed by it. She's not even, she's just not, she's not really interested in the industry. She, it's like we've been together a long, long time. And so You know, she knows what it is. You know I'm not going nowhere. And hopefully she's not going anywhere. But it's, she's, she's cool with it. And what about your kids? That's a that's an interesting question. We've never really had the conversation about it. My son has made, has, has made comments about it. Does he have jokes? No. No, he doesn't. He doesn't, he doesn't, he doesn't have jokes. He doesn't have jokes about it. What Are the comments that he's making to you? Well, so that's a good question. We, we have, we have my son and my son's 26 years old right now.


Okay. No, 20. He just turned 27. And we just basically have a lot of Father-son conversations and, and my conversations are more geared toward preparing him for life and, and, and trying to get him to see The World from different perspectives. Yes. Primarily from a, from a, a business perspective. A a young man who's gonna be taking care of a family perspective and he'll make comments just in terms of when I'm trying to explain certain things to him, how things go in life. He, he, he feels sometimes he'll make a comment like, well, you haven't had to deal with such and such because such and such You know, but You know And I keep having to tell him.


I keep having to remind him that You know. I I You know I slept in a room with my brother until, I mean, we, we were in a, I was in a room with my brother until we went to college and we couldn't even open the door. It was so tight in the room. We had bunk beds, we put the bunk bed down, we couldn't even open the door. So I didn't, I didn't, I wasn't born into this You know. And so there's a lot of discipline and hard work. So that has and a blessing You know from God, but bline and hard work that has me where I am today. What, what did y'all two learn from each other on set? Ooh. Well, I would say I definitely learned You know, when I heard, when they told me that they were You know, when they asked me how I felt about Morris coming onto the show, number one, I was just excited.


I mean, it's Morris, the Chestnut. You know the, I mean it's true You know, just, it's just he brings a level of professionalism and, and ease. But yet very just approachable and, and, and kind and giving You know what I mean? In a way that you just may not expect for someone who's been in the business for so long, for someone who knows that they have this particular status You know what I mean? But, but he didn't have any of that You know. So I definitely just appreciated and respected that You know about You. And I appreciate. So the, the one thing You know on a set, the, the number one on the call sheet is the heartbeat of the set, right?


The set goes how the number one goes. If the number one's not feeling good today, the set's not gonna have a good day. If the number one's not a good person, it's not a set that you want to be on. She is literally one of the, the best number ones in that I've ever worked with. She, she, I mean this is, it's so hard because when you're, when you're, when you come to a set, You know we have the scenes, we have our lines and we, and we have to worry about our character. And every, she knew everybody's name on the set, everybody's name, And I. I've been on set, I've been on a set right now for six months. I still only know probably about seven names out like a hundred people. And that was just so impressive to me. And, and it was really, she was really inspiring to me just to see how she was doing that.


And she made me mad one day. 'cause I always like to be, when they call us the set, I like to be the first one there. And she beat me one time. I was like, oh, I can't have that. I cannot have her beat me to set because I gotta be there. He said that too. Yeah. I said I gotta, I can't have that. So she's just in, in everything that she does. And she, with all of that, You know she had her daughter there. She's taking care of her daughter. She has You know she's carrying the load on this show. She did it so gracefully, eloquently, and just an incredible actress. So I just have a huge, she she's inspiring. Now is there somebody, you talked about number ones. Is there somebody that you say, no matter how much they pay you, you without saying names, that you just won't do a movie with them because they just don't act right? Oh, no, no, no.


The o was a, maybe the oof was a Baby. No, because someone popped into my head, but I don't, that's just based off of what you hear. I don't know You know what I mean? I don't, I can't judge someone based on that. So no, I I wouldn't say that Morris. Oh, oh yeah, I have one. He, I have one. You know. Yeah, he doesn't, I I'm not sure if he's, I don't think he's done anything too much lately. But yeah, it's, yeah, it's, it can be really, really, really bad set. It's just not a good, it's not a working, it's not a free working environment to be an artist when you have everyone walking on eggshells and this person just dictates the whole mood just of the, of the set.


And it just makes it so challenging. Not even to just do your job, just to even be there. Because we spend 12, 13 hours a day. It's like a family You know you fi spend more time on a set than you do your family. So yeah. So that's probably One question. Let ask you. I have a question for you. I had heard Erica Alexander talk about how when black women play strong roles on tv, it boxes them in. It's like a good thing 'cause your representation, but it, it can be a bad thing because it boxes you into this. Like you always have that power. You always have to be tough and rough. Do you think about that when you're picking roles? I know 'cause Jackson's becoming a household now, household name now. Like people love the show. Do you think about that? Do you think how that will affect you? Has that been You know something you, you and your team have talked about?


You know, I, I understand what she's saying about that because that is You know. It's, it's almost can even be a stigma even that's placed upon us as, as black women. But it's not something that I think about because there's an element of it that is true. It's there We are strong. We've had to be strong for so long, for so many reasons. So You know, I, it's not something that I feel like I have to lead with or something that I have to be cognizant of. Yeah. Because I don't, it doesn't, it doesn't, it doesn't bother me in that way You know what I mean? And so I think I, I do choose roles not necessarily if I see a role and it says, okay, she's a strong woman or what have you, You know, I know I'm gonna put my own spin on it. And I may not feel like she's strong in the way that they think she's strong.


Right. You know what I mean? So I can make a different interpretation, interpretation on it. Got you. Well I know y'all got, it goes. I got my final question. Other, when I'm around Mar Oh my God. Do you ever walk in the room and say, I'm the most handsome man in Oh my gosh. No. No. I I I never say That. You did say that one day when we were, obviously he did I you waving to get that off your chest? No, I would never say that. Not do you in the Family Feud video. Right. Jay-Z's family too. Yes. Yes. How would, how were you cast it for that? Are you cool with the fam or how did That happen? Ava. Ava. 'cause Ava directed at you. Ava DuVernay. I think that's how we met. We met at Ava's Ava's house. House.


Yeah. Yeah. We did remember he was Morris Chestnut when you was there. Be honest. Not even close. I didn't, I didn't You thought he was the help. He thought he was the help. I was like, well five years ago. Five, six Years ago. Yeah, Something like that. Yeah, we were watching the movie or something and Gary fight the fight Mayweather night. That's what was, that's what it was. But yeah, that's how that came about. Ava was the director. Yeah. Gotcha. Well We appreciate YI know you guys gotta run. Yeah. I wanna say something to you guys. So I really appreciate what you guys are doing for the culture. I mean I see the guests you guys have on, I see the topics that you guys talk about, And, I appreciate what you guys are doing because especially now in our community, you talk about therapy a lot. I love that you guys bring up current topic, current event topics, politics.


And so you guys are, I was really excited to come back 'cause I've been here before but I was really excited to come back because I appreciate you guys what you guys are doing for the culture. So thank you guys much. Thank you Very much. Thank you. So yeah, Reasonable Doubt, season two is out now on Hulu. Ladies and gentlemen, it The Breakfast. Club is Morris Chestnut and Ti Corona. Thank you so much. Thank you for having it. The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake That ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


Your teen requested a ride, but this time not from you. It's through their Uber teen account. You drive your teenager around a lot to their friend Jacob's house. Their other friend Jake's house to James' to Jayden's to Jaylin's too. Oh Mom, this is Jake's house, not Jacob's. Now with an Uber teen account, your teen can request a ride under your supervision. The ride with a highly rated driver. And with live trip tracking, you'll follow along the whole ride to their friends' houses That all sound the same. Add your Team to your Uber account today. See app for details. Bye. Mom.


Life is an act of constant reinvention. That's true for you and for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information seen Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple car plays a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at and t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


This is Coke zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top fizzy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall. Irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice gold. Ah, is coke zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide.