
The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime Video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Life is an act of constant reinvention. That's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required. Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions


Here at Life Kit and pr. Self-Help podcast. We love the idea of helping you make meaningful lifestyle changes. Our policy is to never be too punishing on yourself or too grand in your goals, which is why we've got shows on how to make little nudges to your behavior and create habits that stick. Listen to the Life Kit podcast on iHeartRadio.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's. Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Laura la Rosa. Fill it in for Jess. And we got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. Vivic Rams. Swami, welcome. How You doing man? How you Feeling? You know, I would say pretty good except for my 2-year-old who usually sleeps really well when he comes to New York City, the kid does not sleep. And so when he doesn't sleep, my wife And I don't sleep. But other than that, we're feeling good. No noise. Traffic, Excitement. It's excitement, you know? Yeah. He loves it here. He was. He was happy this morning, but 12:00 AM to about 4:00 AM Yeah, we were up playing trucks, so Man.


But all good. You're doing well. This is Your first interview in what you Said, like a month. Yeah, I've been a while. I haven't, I haven't been, you know, a lot, A lot going on, but I haven't been out on media. But you know, people gonna be hearing more from me starting now. Why not? You called me over the weekend. Absolutely. I told you I happened to be in the city, so this worked out well. Well well tell us Vivek, what happened with Doge. Yeah. So like, well, congratulations on the job. Thank You man. I appreciate, I Don't have it anymore. It's not my job right now. Oh, okay. I'm running for Take that back then. I'm Moving on to my next. Did you get pushed out next Frontier? Did you get fired? Like why did You leave? It was, it was, it was a slightly different vision from where we started to where we landed. And it's not that it's, you know, one's right or wrong, but if you take a look at where we began, right?


Doja is gonna be an outside body to the government. One of my core areas of focus throughout has been the constitutional and legal basis for shutting down the bureaucracy and the federal government and downsizing it. That's what I focused, written my books on, et cetera. It evolved in more of a direction of a technology project using a technology first approach. And so Elon And I were in good terms. We have good personal relationship, slightly different approaches to the project. And what he And I both concluded And I, And I think this is right, is given my focus on law, on legislation, the right way to realize my vision is through elected office. And so that's what I'm gonna be pursuing. We have an announcement probably coming up in the next month, but that's my next path.


The Governor of Ohio. We heard about that. Heard, that's heard. That's, you know, coming up soon. But, but that was, that was where we all landed. Was the right way to do this for me was if I'm focused on constitutional law, deregulation legislation to downsize government, that's been my vision for a long time. Let me realize that I'm my own two feet through elected office at the same time. I'm happy to have helped over the last couple of months to be able to get, get this off the ground and a technology first approach from within the government. Now it's not outside the government. It made all the sense in The World to make this the time that we went separate ways. So, so it was true there. There was an exclusive report in the Washington Post that said you were pushed out because your vision didn't align with Elon. So I would say that we, we arrived at it pretty mutually Emini here.


I think when it came the Doge was in the government. So there's actually a law, it's called the Hatch Act. It's boring stuff, but you literally can't run for office while you are an employee of the government unless you're the president or vice president. I've been committed to this path of likely Running For Governor of Ohio for a long time. My plan initially might have been to do those at the same time. Once it became clear, that was impossible to do. At the same time, once it became clear to me that that was the right next leadership destination for me felt like the start of the project on day one was the right way to start that next chapter. That's why we Did it. Now you did say the last couple of months you've been focused on getting Trump in office. Yeah. So now that he's in office and, and we've seen the last couple of days, what are your thoughts and do you still stand by it?


Everything that he's done? You know, I, I really think he's off to a pretty good start Emini here. You think about most presidents, they take a little bit of time to get warmed up. He didn't go through the warmup phase. No, he got started right away. And I think there's a reason for that, which is very few presidents have actually been the president before and then they come all the way back Then Grover Cleveland was the only one other one who did it. So he in some ways is coming in for a second term. But actually do think those four years of being able to reflect on what actually mattered to him were actually pretty good. So I like, I like a lot of what we've seen in that first week unleash energy production that's gonna bring down energy prices, it's gonna stimulate the economy. A lot of the regulatory and red tape rollback, I think it's just a good thing for the country.


If you travel the country and you ask most Americans, do you think there's too much red tape or do you think there's too little red tape? I don't think there's anybody who would tell you that. I think there's too little red tape. I think there's a lot of people, especially business owners, small business owners that tell you there's too much red tape. Trump has gone pretty aggressive even in the first week and saying we're rolling back A lot of those regulations we're rolling back the regulations that hold back energy production in the United States getting very serious about the border and you know, Emini here. I think that you can have your debates about what the legal immigration policy in the US should look like. But I think most people are united that we don't want an open southern border. And yet functionally that's what it's been from much of the last four years. So, so I think it's been a lot of pretty good moves out the gate.


Like I'm pretty excited about it. What don't you like? What don't you like? If there's one thing that you didn't like that you've seen so far that he's done. So I will say in the first, in the first week out the gate, I like pretty much everything I've seen. I, I think that there are some areas where I could imagine over the next year I might have some shades of difference in opinion. There's really nothing in that first week. All of this stuff struck me as very common sense. And when you think about what's gonna actually make people's lives better, that's where I'm focused. Okay. Economically, in terms of reducing crime, in terms of fixing our border, what do people across the country actually care about affecting their lives? I think it'd be pretty hard to pick something that in that first week that I would say wasn't strictly good for the country.


How is eliminating government diversity programs like DEI beneficial to anybody other than straight white males? Oh, I think, I think there are some ways in which it's not even beneficial to straight white males, which I'll tell you about in a second. But I think this culture of reviving merit in the country is a very American idea. You And I have talked about this in some of our, some of our discussions here in the past. I, I think is America's a country where you are not judged on the color of your skin. You ought to be judged on the content of your character and your contributions. The best person ought to get the job regardless of their genetics. That that's America at its best. We haven't always been that you could argue that we've never actually been that perfectly.


We're an imperfect nation 'cause we're comprised of human beings and not gods. But I do think it is a step forward to say that after we've turned the page on 160 years ago and then 60 years ago with the civil rights revolution, after we've made all the progress we have, now's the time not to engage in blaming for the past or whatever. We haven't, we haven't been perfect but to move forward to say we're a country where we want the best person to get the job without regard to their skin color or their sexuality or their race. Why don't we? So I think that's good and and the only thing I would tell you that, that you might, you might be interested in for the angle you mentioned is I also think there has been a culture emerging in the last few years a, a culture of excuses amongst people who say, oh I didn't get that job because of DEI.


And in certain cases that may be true that certain people, maybe a white male was denied a job because somebody else got the job because of racial or gender preferences. But there's also a lot of instances in which that provides somebody else a new excuse. And I just wanna know excuses culture across the board where one of the side effects of ending DEI is that nobody's gonna have excuses anymore for why they didn't get that job either. That's not true. So I just think merit across the board is the way to go. But do you Trust people though? Like, do you trust people enough to say, Hey, you know what? I'm not going to be prejudiced against this person because of their identity. Emini here. We All have their sexuality. Let me, lemme say something. We all have our innate biases, right? We're human beings. We're, as I said, we're human beings. We're not gods, we're flawed and people have their innate biases.


But the question is, is there a perfect system though? There's not. But what's the least imperfect system? And I think the least imperfect system is one where we aspire to at least think of our country through the lens of merit. And what is merit Emini here? We, I bandied this word around a lot. I actually got a tough question when I ran for president. It was a college kid. I was talking about a waxing eloquent about merit from the stage. He said, what is merit? What is meritocracy made me think for a second. You have to define what you're talking about. I think a meritocracy is a system that recognizes that not everybody has the same God-given talents. In fact it recognizes that everyone has different God-given talents.


That's true diversity, that's a beautiful thing. But a meritocracy is one that says whatever your unique God-given talents are, you get to achieve the maximum of your potential without any systems standing in your way. To me that's America at its best. And so are we gonna be perfect as human beings in realizing that idea? Of course not 'cause we're human beings, but does that mean that we shouldn't at least do our best to design systems that aspire to it? No, I think that a step forward is, and I'm done. I'm mostly, I'd like to be mostly done. I think I am done with the DEI debates. I think we've turned the debate, turned the page on that I'm interested in a forward looking conversation about what is equal opportunity actually look like, right?


I think that in the debates we've had about equal opportunity versus equal results, the DEI side of this often has fallen into equal results camp. And people would say, oh well we want equal opportunity. And that was a conservative response. But now we have to confront the hard work of what does that actually look like? Like what actually does equality of opportunity, whichever acknowledges doesn't exist today, how do we actually do that hard work? And I think that that's a good result of going past the group quota, DEI regime to have an honest conversation about the fact that we don't have equal opportunity across the country. Early education. Do we have equal opportunity when it's public schools organized according to zip codes rather than actually giving every kid access to the best education they can have.


That's not equal opportunity. But we haven't been able to have that conversation 'cause we're having the cosmetic discussion about DEI or quotas or whatever. Now that we're done with that, that hard work can begin across the board. And I think that that's a conversation where a lot of thoughtful voices on the left and right can now roll up our sleeves and say we've preached the message of equal opportunity. How do we actually get there? And I for 1:00 AM game for that discussion. You don't Think DEI was a way to get there. You don't think that? I think it has proven not to be the way to get there. I've obviously been an opponent of it for for four or five years. So I'm obviously gonna have biased views on this from where I sit. But what is It exactly the the policy because you need diversity to get there. You need equity to get there. You need inclusion to get there.


Yeah. So, so I think part of what happened is when you, when you started using the capital D, capital E, capital I, here's what happened is I think in the name of diversity of thought, right? 'cause that's where you want diversity of thought in an organization. The capital D diversity actually ended up saying that certain viewpoints aren't welcome. That we actually sacrifice true diversity of thought in the name of equity, which is measured in terms of outcomes. I think we actually sacrificed true equality of opportunity. And then at a certain place, and this is really where it took a dark turn to me is in the name of inclusion, we created a culture of exclusion where certain viewpoints were not welcome in an organization. And what that does is it causes the bottled up emotion to fester.


Okay That doesn't lead to good places. When you tell somebody shut up, sit down, do as you're told, keep reviews to yourself, that actually fosters resentment. And the weirdest thing I think has happened in the last few years, And I do actually blame a lot of the DEI and related policies for this, is that we have seen a reactionary wave of racism in the country. Anti minority racism that would not have existed. But for that DEI culture of not only taken something away from somebody based on their skin color, but even worse in the name of inclusion, saying that you can't express your view and then there's an ugly side that comes up in response. So I don't want this game of tug and war where the war continues just everybody lay down arms.


Are we perfect? No we're not. But whatever residual racism or prejudice might exist, let it slowly melt away as we've been on the course for the last 60 years of heading in the right direction. And then let's have a substantive, I think we've been in the right direction obviously compared to 1960. I don't think that's really debatable. I think we were so, so, so, so now we're having a healthy discussion where I think, you know, I think that the rise of even well-intentioned DEI programs, even from those who had the best of intentions, I think did, in retrospect I think we can say, set us back not The rise of MAGA and Trump's executive orders from last week. Think Executive orders were last week were, were about, well this's what we're talking about. So it's a circle here, but which is does ending the DEI programs, do we think that's a step forward for the country or not?


I think it's a step forward for the country. Is that the destination? No, it's just the beginning of a real discussion about equal opportunity that lifts all Americans up. And I Well Why would you have a, a conversation about equal opportunity if they don't even wanna, wanna have a conversation about diversity, equity, and inclusion? You get what I'm saying? Like I understand where you're trying to go with it, but you can't have one without the other, I think is the point. And how do you do that? It seems like that's your disconnect even with Doge, right? No, I, I think it a couple different, couple different topics there. Look, are we a country where we want equal opportunity for every person to achieve the maximum of their God-given potential? Yes we do. Are we perfect in realizing that no we're not. Do we think that group quota systems are the right way to achieve that? I'm of the view, the answer is no. And I think the last few years show us that it hasn't even been effective in actually empowering the people it was supposed to empower while it's created resentment of a lot of the people who felt deprived.


So I think we just gotta, I don't disagree with that last one. We just gotta go to post, we gotta go to post di world that that ship, in my opinion for the better maybe in other people's opinion for the worse that ship has sailed. Now let's look to the future and say what does equal opportunity actually look like? I'll give you, I'll give you one of the areas I'm most passionate about. I think equal opportunity to a high quality early education makes a difference. There's a lot of focus on college and what the college composition needs to be. You miss the boat If you're doing this after somebody's already 18 years old and in 12th grade the cake is baked. This starts young Emini here. Early childhood achievement trajectories are set in preschool, set in first grade, set in second grade. There's a massive disparity set at that point in time based on the quality of schools that somebody in an inner city is relegated to 'cause they don't have the choice for better opportunities versus somebody who's in a suburb with a better public school or access to a private school.


That is an injustice. I think anybody who's really concerned with true equality of opportunity in this country that's not dealing with that problem doesn't actually care. It's just they wanna pontificate. And I don't have a lot of patience for that. So I think that, you know, it becomes a buzzword that goes in one ear out the other when you say it this way, but universal school choice, it's like people hear those buzzwords but when you think about what that means, it means every kid, no matter their skin color or what neighborhood they're born in has at least the opportunity to get the poss best possible education. Some of this stuff gets boring and part part of the people is people don't have patience for the boring stuff, but the boring stuff is what matters. Even summer break s so, so not even a very political topic, right?


Summer break, especially early on is something that actually causes the educational achievement gap to widen because people who are from well-to-do families tend to have programs that enrich their kids. And so there's a well-known phenomenon where when you come back in the fall, you have some regress for the kid That regress is small or non-existent for people who can actually afford the right kind of summer programs or educational programs for those three months. For kids who come from poorer communities, it's massive. Multiply that 12 times over by the time you get to 12th grade, you have just different levels of preparedness. I don't care what kind of quota system an Ivy League university establishes, that's not really establishing true equality. 'cause some of the same people who are admitted to those programs are doing no better when they then enter the workforce.


'cause a lot of this traced back to equality or inequality of opportunity at a really young age. And by the way, all against the backdrop of a lot of people don't pay attention to this. Actually, I'll just ask you a question just you have no reason to know the answer to this. I've studied this, but what percentage of eighth graders in the United States today are proficient in math according to eighth grade international centers? What's that? At a eighth grade level you mean? Eighth grade level? Yeah. In eighth grade, what are, what percentage of eighth graders are performing at what should be an eighth grade level according to international developed world standards? 62%, 25%, 25% in the United States. So that's just unacceptable. So we're talking about equality issues now let's just zoom out and talk about overall achievement issues.


Our educational system is not working. There is a deep failure and we can debate the causes And I agree with that. Yeah. Well and people, you know, I think can, can often get a little bit upset. I've had the experience of people getting upset when you, when you confront these questions. But I care about this country too much to just look passively at that and look the other way. 'cause it doesn't make people feel good. And you know, a classic response is to blame a lot of that on woke indoctrination or whatever. And I'm against all of the woke indoctrination at a young age. But that's not the real issue here. The real issue is just an achievement problem in the United States. And that doesn't start in high school. It doesn't start in college, it starts young. And so I just see an opportunity right now where we can make the choice to enter a new golden agent America.


Will you shock we can make a choice to say this is our Sputnik moment, right? You look at just the news of today, I don't know how much you've taken a look at it, but you deep seek coming outta China, right? It's completely mop the floor with respect to the cost by which they were able to get to apparently similar, maybe even if not in some ways better AI production than a lot of capital that's gone to achieve the same thing for computing power investment in the us. These are good opportunities for us not to be ashamed or to be angry, but to wake up and say we should have the humility to admit that we still have room for improvement. I say this as somebody who believes this is the greatest country known to the history of mankind.


It is the only country I will ever pledge allegiance to. It is the country I will die fighting for if I have to. But we should still out of our love for this country have the ability to have humility to say, okay, here are the ways we still need to improve. And frankly, I don't think that that's a, it's not a preach to the left or to the right. I think it's just a wake up call for all of us. And that's kind of what I'm interested in, in delivering. I think People just get nervous when there's no systems in place. Like what DEI should have been if it was done the right way. Because then there's, you think that there's gonna be no trickle down. 'cause what you're talking about to affect people before they get to eighth grade, you have to have people that were able to go to these schools, were able to have these certain experiences come back to the communities, teach, build different administration.


Like there's a whole like system that people think won't fall back down. You can't trust white supremacy. Yeah. So she's simply saying even, even with you, like with the Doge thing, right? And you backing away now me listening to you, I'm like, oh, it sounds like y'all didn't agree because morally you wanna do right. I don't know if I believe that a Elon Musk in a Trump cabinet wants to Do that. Well on on that front, let me Just say, I think we, we all share an opposition to bureaucracy. And by the way, you think about how bureaucracy hurts even the least well off among us, it actually hurts the least well off among us the most. I don't wanna get too much in details unless you're interested in this, but take housing costs in the country, right? Why are housing costs spiking? It's because of bureaucracy and red tape that's stopping new housing construction.


There's all these zoning limitations, there's all kinds of limitations for single family homes. For smaller homes, it's really hard to build one. And a lot of that comes from regulatory red tape. So on the stuff relating to cutting back red tape and bureaucracy and regulations, I don't view that as a left versus right issue. In fact, one of the things I loved in the, in the time period that I was helpful in involving setting up Doge was how many Democrats also said, Hey, you know what? There's actually a lot of issues that we care about where bureaucracy's getting in the way as well that raised their hand. So that I think is just a strictly good efficiency and elimination of bureaucracy I think is good across the board. As it relates to getting serious though about addressing root inequality causes in the United States.


I think a lot of people enjoy being on one political side or the other without actually rolling up their sleeves and doing the hard work of getting to the root cause. I think the root cause starts with education at a really young age and a stable family foundation from which those kids are able to grow up and have access to the same opportunities as anybody else. And if you got to a place where every kid at the age of four, I'm not even talking about the age of 10, in some sense it's already, it's already partially baked by then. But at the age of four when they enter preschool has a chance to enter the best possible school that somebody else would have to enter. But they have to pay the actual tuition to get there. I think we've made massive progress towards restoring true equality of opportunity in the us.


What does that mean? That means that literally you have to provide money to the families who are stuck in a bad public school to be able to opt out of that school. Transportation included the ability to pay tuition included. That is an investment that we make both in the overall future of our country and in equality of opportunity. I think we should be more vocal about standing for that. I certainly for one plan to be, by the way, a lot of this is done not at the federal level. A lot of this is done at the state level, which gives you a sense of where, part of the reason I've been drawn in my own journey to say if I actually care about addressing these issues and not talking about 'em, there's actually a lot more than a governor is able to accomplish on a practical level than even somebody sitting at the federal level.


And so that's part of what I feel Called. Are you able to have these conversations though? 'cause Emini here, you know, you, you, you do get to the root of these issues, but when you try to do it and you criticize the US for its cultural emphasis on mediocrity over excellence, mag and conservatives lost their mind. And a lot of people say that's the reason you got pushed outta do. Yeah. So I will tell you this is, I would rather speak the truth and lose than to pander to an audience to tell 'em what they wanna hear. It's like an old expression. I think it might have been Thomas. So who said this? Actually, you know him very, yeah. Smart man. I think he's the one who said this. If you care about somebody, you tell 'em the truth. If you care about yourself, you tell them what they want to hear.


I would rather speak hard truth and take the chance of losing an election than to somehow win by just saying what you're supposed to say. Now, my view on this is America is an excellent country. Emini here America is defined by the pursuit of excellence. And it's an interesting question about American identity, right? If you go to Italy, what's the Italian identity? It's the heritage of people who grew up in Italy or Jap Japan. It's the heritage of people who grew up in Japan. There's a language that binds them a unique language of Italian or Japanese. And that's a beautiful thing. But what's America in that context, right? What is the American identity? I don't think it comes down to the national identities of other countries of a cuisine or an ethnic lineage.


Even our land is relatively different, right? Our land today is very different than it was just 250 years ago than it was even 160 years ago than we added Alaska, than we added Hawaii. Maybe we're gonna add some more soon. So I think that America's not defined in the same way that other countries are. I think America is defined foremost based on the set of ideals that bind all of us together despite our different genetics. That's what makes America special. And one of those ideals is the pursuit of excellence. The idea that you are able to achieve whatever you want without any government or bureaucracy standing in your way, that the best person gets the job. That you get to speak your mind in the open without somebody telling you you can't speak your mind.


Those are the ideals that make America itself. And so We don't live up to 'em though. What's that? We don't live up to 'em often. We, we Often don't live, of course not. But I would rather live in a country that has ideals and falls short of them than a country that has no ideals at all. Right? And so you could say we're a hypocrite. You can only be a hypocrite if you have ideals. So I would rather as, as a nation, be hypocritical and have ideals rather than not have ideals and therefore not be a hypocrite. Right? And so that's a tough message and it lands in different directions, right? My, my, I would go so far as to call it my battle against the woke left four years ago was a tough message. And people on the other side had resistance to that message of what I still consider to be tough love, but love at the core of it.


I'd say the same thing with respect to my more recent commentary here comes from a place of love for this country, And I love this country too much. You're talking About your, your H one B tweets. Well, I'm talking about Emini here. That was talking about American excellence, okay? Right? About the idea that I do think we need to light a fire under the feet of our culture right now. Well, you Emini here. You I do think we need to light a fire and celebrate excellence in every domain. Yeah. By the way, not just, not just academics, sports, music, the arts, but to celebrate winning, to celebrate the person who is a striver. I don't think it should be a bad thing in America to be a striver, right? That that word has a negative connotation to it a little bit today, our founding fathers were strivers. Our culture was built by strivers, right? Neil Armstrong and John Glenn, the people from my home state went to, went to outer space at the frontier.


We are a culture of strivers. The best athletes Emini here. Look at the legacy of Michael Jordan. He was a guy who worked hard and was unapologetic about the fact that he wanted to win and would do whatever's required to work hard to do it. Same thing with respect to our engineering talent. That's the culture that I think we can revive in this country. I think it's necessary to revive in this country if we're gonna compete against China. It's like a parent. When you're talking to your kids, sometimes the message you deliver is not well received. When they hear it, you're not at, but it comes from a place of love. You. But Maggie and conservatives didn't want to hear that at all. And, and, and it seems like when you chassises others for cultural concerns, that's widely accepted. But when you attack saved by the bell and white culture, you got sidelines. W well, I'll tell you this is, I I'm consistent. 360 degrees you are is what I, what I give you On that.


Were you shocked by the response? You know, i I when you taken aback, like, damn, You know, if I think about it, I've been around American politics for a little bit. Did I know the message that I was delivering was gonna make some people upset? I did. My goal was not to make people upset for the sake of making people upset. My goal is looking at our country and saying, how do we light a fire under the feet of our nation to be able to aspire to be the very best again? And to do it consistently, as you said, you know, I've, I've talked to the woke left for years, and if I put the word woke in that, you know, message several times, many of the people saying people were cheering for a long time when I delivered the same message in a different way.


I'm just against victimhood culture across the board. We're not a nation of victims Even when the victims are MAGA and conservatives because they were acting like victims. When you put the look, the lazy American tweet up, I'm against, I'm against any kind of victimhood most, most of the time for the last four years, if I'm being honest. I think the dominance strain of victimhood has been a left wing victimhood. But there is, I, I wrote a book called Nation of Victims a few years ago that had a chapter called Conservative Victimhood. We're not a nation of victims. We are victor, not victims. That's who we are at our very best. That's the American way. And I do think that when you think about what are those American qualities, hard work, self-determination, self-reliance, not victimhood culture, that gives you a greater claim on the government. And, and you could see this across the political spectrum.


I don't think that we win this country back by greater dependence on our government. We win this country back by greater independence from it through reviving our self-confidence to stand on our own two feet to teach our kids. The way you get ahead isn't to see yourself as a victim and to play that as a, as a card that gets you ahead. But instead to see yourself as a winner and somebody who isn't gonna be bullied by your circumstances. The number one person, what would I tell my kids? Right? The number one person or the number one factor that determines whether you achieve your goals in life. I'm not saying it's the only one, but the number one factor that determines whether you achieve what you want in life is you, is you. Let me ask you something. No doubt about it. And so it's not, it's not your race or your gender or your sexuality or the climate or the weather or somebody from some other country.


It is you. All those Things will play a part, but I agree It is you. Yeah, I didn't say it didn't play a part. Yeah, but I said the number one is you. And so that's, that's the culture where whether it's, in some ways it was the same message delivered slightly differently and it got a very different reaction. But I believe I have been deeply consistent in the, in delivering this message for a long time. And the reason why is, and by the way, on the, just as you brought up H one B, H one B is a broken system, right? So the funny thing about this, people say, why didn't you criticize H one B in his tweet? I've been saying this about a hundred times, maybe for the last couple years, probably hundreds of times. It's broken in a bunch of boring ways. They use a lottery instead of picking the very best ones, it's got an indentured servitude problem where if a company sponsors you and you come from another country, you can't leave that company.


So you don't actually have a competitive labor market. Wow. All those things need to be fixed. And I have been, I would argue among the biggest proponents, if not the biggest voice in favor of fixing those things. But that's a technical issue about fixing some H one B system. But the deeper question is, are we a country that believes America ought to be number one, that we want the best people in this country cultivated in a homegrown way, and then to fill the gaps with the best and brightest from the rest of The World as well to come here and be Americans and pledge allegiance to this country. Of course, that's us. Of Course we the best. But, but lemme ask you, what, what were your thoughts on, and you, you claim to be an honest person. What were your thoughts Claim to be? And I Like that when Donald Trump signed off on the people that tried to o overthrow the government Signed off, pardoned, Pardoned them, pardoned shows Six, here's, here's my view is, And then I wanna ask you, what did you think when Joe Biden pardoned, you know, his son and his family members as well?


So let's start with, with Trump. So here's my view is because They tried to overthrow the government, which is totally against law. So Let's talk about turning the page. I'll give, I'll give, I'll give it to you. Thank, you'll give it to you straight. Okay. I think that there were many people, this is a rabbit hole. We could have an hour on this. And I, I don't really, I I don't really think it's even all that relevant anymore. There were a lot of people who didn't do a thing that was wrong, that ended up being ensnared in getting locked up, getting prosecuted for peacefully without any weapons, exercising their first amendment rights. And as a country, we're a country that celebrates political dissent and opposition. People who never entered the capitol, people who never hurt anybody, people who were unarmed walking on the capitol grounds.


And it was just sloppy the way the whole thing was actually handled. Peaceful, handled, peaceful protesters. Yeah. And I think that those kind of peaceful protestors, the fact that they were ensnared and had their due process rights denied is in affront. And I say that as somebody who, I'm a civil libertarian. I believe the same is true for left-wing protestors. I think the same thing has been true for civil rights protestors 60 years ago. I think the same thing was true for peaceful protesters on January 6th. Now the other side, so, So then when you, when you look at, when you look at it holistically, right? It was so messy in the way that it was handled. There were were so many also unanswered questions and some stuff that didn't smell great. Like if you look at the first thing that came out from the Inspector General's report only came out a few weeks, a couple weeks before Trump took office, how many FBI informants and affiliated people were in that audience.


It didn't smell good. And that came out, if you said that two years ago, that was considered a bad conspiracy theory. But now they dec they came out with the inspector general report saying that they weren't transparent with the public. There was enough that the government did that smelled rotten there. That in the interest of just turning the page, you know what I think would've been the best outcome for the country. Here's, here's something that would've been the best outcome. But I think we got to a second best outcome. I said this before Biden left office. I think if Joe Biden had not pardoned his family member, but had pardoned the January 6th protestors in one of his final acts to say that I've been critical of this, but in the interest of moving the country forward, as I'm leaving the office, I'm turning the page and looking into the future.


And then Donald Trump takes office and pardons the Biden family for any alleged offenses. That would've been, I think the best case scenario for the country. Yeah. But all the generations people were Protests. But absent that we had that, we had the, They were, some of 'em were insurrectionists and Emini here. They, they, there's actual people who are denying pardons because they said no, we committed a crime. Yes. There was a woman who did a host sit down interview, said, we did really horrible things. People died. I heard her, I heard her interview. Yeah. And so to that you will say, but saw it, but there were people who were peaceful. I watched it, The decision seemed peaceful. But then we seen people that hopped the gates, ran up in there running in people's office. We seen them as well. I Think JD Vance had the best reasoning when JD Vance said, and this was before part Trump did the pardon? He said that we're gonna look at every, we're not gonna pardon all the January 6th insurrectionists. We're going to look at it on a case by case basis. He's a case by case.


Yeah. And see who needs to be pardoned and who Doesn't. And and that's what I, that's what I had said for the last couple of years as well. I do think that when we're also moving quickly with respect to Trump talking about a new golden age for the country, that's what we all want, right? We want a country where the issues we're focused on is what affects people in their everyday lives. The conversation about lifting people up economically and educationally. I think it is in that spirit to say that we're just turning the page and moving the nation forward. I understand the decision to do it not on a case by case basis, but on a blanket basis. I understand that's coming from Somebody, actual criminals. Like one of the guys got out and went right back to jail by, Just by definition, just so we're talking about the same thing. By definition, anybody who gets a pardon is getting a pardon.


Many of them, anybody who gets a pardon after a conviction means they were convicted. That's right. Right. So there are hundreds of presidential pardons. Biden issued, most more pardons. Any president has in his final month leaving office. Every president issues pardons. But part of the reason the president has a pardon power is the job of the president is actually to look after the country. The job of a jury and a judge in a case is to look after that individual case. But a president is a steward of a country. And to say what's in the best overall interest of the country, that's why the president has a pardon power. So everybody who a president ha has ever pardoned is by definition a criminal. The question is, even in the face of somebody being a criminal, by definition of having committed some crime, take a big step back and say, notwithstanding that is it in the interest of a nation to be able to pardon that person and move forward?


That's the judgment that belongs on a president's shoulders. And when you look at the agenda that President Trump wants to pursue and he wants to be ambitious about that and say, I just want to turn the page on the past and move forward, I understand that decision. And I think that looking at a case by case would've been a reasonable approach. I think that going blanket pardon and turning the page is also a reasonable approach. But what I do believe is that we're not gonna see, I I I'm gonna make this claim right now And I think I will be proven right. I certainly hope I'm gonna proven right And I expect I will. There was a lot of fearmongering over the last couple of years and some people still have the fear that okay, Donald Trump is gonna go after his political opponents and whatever. I can tell you solidly, that just ain't gonna happen.


And you could rose to me a year from now. If we're wrong about that, it's not gonna happen Vic. Well Give a minute. I don't know. And, and, And I think that that's, that's the spirit of that decision. All that fits together is to say we've had a kind of a toxic chapter over the last four years as a country. You have a guy who was all kinds of unprecedented things have happened, right? Who himself was the subject of for prosecutions by the government had been censored before that while he was leaving office and the president of the United States couldn't even speak all of that. Let's not re-litigate it, let's turn the page, let's move forward. And I think that is something that if we stay true to that promise, everybody can get behind. And I will tell you that a lot of, a lot of people earnestly have the fear, I could say is created by the media or whatever.


But to say that, oh, now Donald Trump's gonna prosecute his political opponents, no it's not gonna work that way. The way it's gonna work is we're moving forward to say what actually lifts up all Americans. It's part of why you had a coalition, which I thought was pretty cool this time around. You had a lot of former independents, black voters, Hispanic voters, first generation Americans. It was, it was a different kind of coalition. It wasn't yesterday's Republican party that I hope gives us a shot at unifying the country. Gives us the best shot I think we've had in a long time. I'd love to seize it. Well, let's talk, I'd love To see it. Let's about the forward stuff, like how, how do you, how do you advocate for ending birthright citizenship when both your parents were illegal and noncitizens Were legal? Well they were legal. They were legal. Okay. So, so, so But They were non-citizens though.


That's right. That's right. When they came to country. Yeah. So my view, and I've been pretty consistent on this, is that birthright citizenship should not be granted to the kids of illegals in this country. Whereas birthright citizenship means just to get everyone on the same page. It means if you're physically born in the country, you're automatically a citizen. And that's been part of the longstanding tradition of the country within certain guardrails. So I'll give you one that nobody contests. Let's say you're the kid of a Mexican diplomat, right? So it is a guy who's legally, physically in the country, but he is the ambassador from Mexico or Panama or whatever country to the us. They happen to have a baby while they're here. Is that baby a citizen of the United States?


Nobody thinks the answer to that is yes, if you're a diplomat from Mexico or a government official from another country, but physically the baby happens to be born here, you're still a citizen outta other country and goes to the 14th amendment. It says, are you subject to the laws and jurisdiction thereof, then you're a citizen. That's what it says. So by a similar analogy, if somebody who's an ambassador from Mexico or is in this country legally, but doesn't enjoy birthright citizenship 'cause they're still subject to the laws and jurisdiction of the other country, then the question is, if somebody entered this country illegal or let's Just say take another one. If somebody's a foreign invader to the country, right? Let's say you have a foreign invasion of the country but includes a pregnant woman and she happens to have a baby here, nobody thinks that baby enjoys birthright citizenship. So then the question is, if somebody broke the law when entering the country, right, that they're, they're act of entering the country was a violation of our laws.


Are they really subject to the jurisdiction and law in the same way if they have their kid in the country, that kid does not automatically enjoy birthright citizenship. That's in my position. I think it's a reasonable position. But why? That's what, why is it that moving forward you would want an administration to pick and choose? Like when they give opportunities, like so for instance, like what if I'm here illegally, I have my kid here Legally. No, I'm here illegally. Okay. Yeah. Hypothetically, if I'm here illegally, right? I did whatever I had to do to get here just because of whatever my circumstances are. Yeah. I'm not committing crimes while I'm here. I'm working the best I can just trying to raise my kid. My kid is doing amazing, I'm providing a better life. Right? And then all of a sudden now because Trump is in office, it's like no, my kid has to go back to whatever circumstances we came from, not too much set up because they're no longer a citizen.


Right? So One of the things Emini here, if you look at President Trump's recent commentary and some of his interviews even leading up to taking office, he himself has drawn a distinction between people who have been here for a really long time and established roots versus people who have come super recently to the country, right? In the Dreamers program, you talked about how people have been here for a long time. We could have our own debates about what my own views even are on that. But let's just take, start with the easy low hanging fruit. If somebody's a criminal, should they be, if somebody commits a crime while they're here and they entered illegally, should they be automatically before you? But wait, Before you go there, I Just wanna, and then we just go straight down the list. Yeah.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Experiencing the news each day can feel like a journey with upfit from NPR, though it doesn't have to be. Welcome to 15 easy minutes of breaking news, clarity on international and national affairs, and a casual tone that you can take in with breakfast. Begin your day informed, ready and refreshed. Begin your day with up first. Subscribe to Up first from NPR on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up y'all? This is Quest Love. And I'm here to tell you about a new podcast I've been working on with the Story Pirates and John Glickman called Historical Records. It's a family friendly podcast. Yeah, you heard that, right? A podcast for all ages. One you can listen to and enjoy with your kids. Starting on September 27th, I'm going to toss it over to the host of Historical Records, Emini to tell you all about it. Make sure you check it out. Hey y'all. Emini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records. Historical Records brings history to life through Hip Hop Smash Slam. Another one Gone. BA Bam, another one Gone. The Crack Gut A bat and Another one Gone. A Tip Bud. A caps, Another one Gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the city bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing. Check it. And it Began with me. Did you know? Did you know I wouldn't give up my seat nine months before? Rosa? Get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning in to Historical Records. Because in order to make history, you have to make some noise. Listen to Historical Records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm not gonna argue that point 'cause that's like, that's kinda like a easy, that's a lot of people. That's an easy point though. I know. I think where I'm getting confused with you is like you kind of, and even If it's a few years, I would say the same thing. So if somebody has come here and it hasn't been that long, so we're talking about, you know, double digit, millions of people who have come here illegally under Biden's tenure. Those people have not established roots in the United States. Right? Those people should have followed a different route. And by the way, there are millions more who didn't come here, who did not come here illegally because they were trying to do it the right way. They're the ones we kept out and the ones who lied or broke the rules are the ones who we let in. That's not right. Right? But so I think that sending all of the people who at least entered illegally under Biden's tenure just recently, even if you're just taking the last two years, that is millions of people.


So even if we just said over the last 18 months, the people who entered this country illegally have to go back to their country of origin. They haven't established roots in 18 months. That alone would be the largest mass deportation in American history. Now, you wanna go beyond that. We could argue the details, but that alone is the, literally the largest mass deportation in American history. And I think most people are in favor of it to say that. That's fair. So why Are House Republicans divided on this? 'cause it seems weird that you would want to fight the end birthright citizenship now, especially when you've made so many s strides with Hispanic voters. So I'm not following necessarily what the house Republicans are divided on per se, but what I'll tell you is I think most people if explained, right, because I think the problem with this is it can become a pretty emotional conversation if you just objectively look at the low hanging fruit that we all agree with.


That's actually pretty far from where we are today. If you look at somebody who entered this country illegally, does their kid automatically get birthright citizenship going forward? We can't even change the past. Right? 'cause those were the rules of the past. But at least going forward, we will say that anybody knew who entered this country illegally and their kids born here doesn't enjoy birthright citizenship without even a change to the past. I think most people agree with that. Somebody who entered in the last 18 months, pretty recent. This, this is you saying in the back, it's millions of people illegally, should they go back to this country? So this is pretty illegal. Is abusing birthright citizenship? That's what, that's what you're, yeah. Emini here. I think, think somebody who comes here illegally and has a kid here, that kid should not enjoy birthright citizenship. Especially if the government has said so. Okay?


So in the past you could say it was vague. Well, that's a separate debate. But going forward to, to lay the marker down and say, going forward from this date forward, somebody who enters the country illegally and has a kid here, that kid does not automatically enjoy birthright citizenship, I think is a very reasonable position. So That, wouldn't that be you though, since your parents were non-citizens? They were legal. So you, it's one thing if you, you apply to the government, you follow the legal process. There's a lot of paperwork involved. 18 months, there's a vetting. But you saying, And I'm saying, I'm saying the, that's a separate point in the deportations. So in the deportations, let's just start there. Okay. If you look at how many people came into this country illegally? Illegally in the last 18 months. Okay? The last year and a half of Biden's tenure alone, that is millions, not a million millions of people.


There's no argument to be made that those people have somehow established roots in the country in 18 months or in two years. If every one of those people were returned to their country of origin, respectfully, you're not trying to, you're not trying to mistreat anybody or anything else, but in a respectful, humane manner is returned to their country of origin. That alone would be the largest mass deportation in American history by far going forward. You send the signal that we're not open for illegal immigration anymore. And this is not dehumanizing anybody, frankly, if any of us were in the position of somebody sitting in Guatemala or Venezuela or Columbia and the US government's given you a wink and a nod, who knows. Maybe many of us would do the same thing to have a better life for our family. So I'm not blaming anybody than the US government.


Yeah. But now the US government can be clear to say that no, we're not open for illegal entry. We have a sealed border. There's no funding for sanctuary cities. There's no welfare or benefits for people who enter this country illegally. And if you enter illegally, you will be returned to your country of origin. What's gonna happen is you're gonna see a lot fewer people even trying to come. What I, What if your country's not accepting you back? Like we've seen in Mexico. We seen, I think those countries need to start accepting 'em back. And that's where the US has leverage to say that we all gotta play by the same set of rules here. 'cause a lot of those countries, for example, in Central America, right, there's this area called the Darion Pass. It's like a jungle area, which used to be closed. Now there's a massive northward flow of migrants. Many of those countries are recipients of US foreign aid.


What does that mean? It means we're literally given our taxpayer money as aid, just as a check to those countries. It's a free check, free money to those countries. I don't think we should be giving free money to those countries unless they're also at minimum doing their part to also seal their borders. So we have levers to be able to have a reasonable discussion with other countries. And I think that that's something, I don't mean to be overly partisan about this, but I think that was something we were missing under the Biden years, which is that we kind of were just jelly spine with other countries, right? We let other countries walk all over us. I agree with that. And I don't think that standing for American interest, and by the way, American interest doesn't mean some segment of America. People agree with me. I'm talking about all Americans interests, regardless of skin color, regardless of political affiliation.


If you're American, we're gonna stand for your interest. 'cause that's what an elected leader of the United States has a responsibility to do not give away your taxpayer money when we're $36 trillion of debt in the hole to some other country that isn't even doing what they're supposed to do with respect to blocking their own borders on the way to the United States. That doesn't make sense. So, so I think that a lot of this is common sense, a restoration of common sense is the path back to American greatness. I, I agree with what you said about people being jelly spied under, under the Biden administration. But do you think it's smart for Trump to start a trade war on day six? So the thing, the thing about the thing to understand about Donald Trump, if you look at his first term, the thing I love about the second term is you don't have to do a lot of guessing about Donald Trump like you would with, with the new president.


That's true. You had a first term. He is a tough negotiator on the international stage. Right. And so I believe there, there's, there's probably three camps on this issue of tariffs. If this gets too, too, if you wanna switch the subject any, anytime, lemme know. But this is worth probably going into. One is that I think a silly view to say it's like the turn of the other cheek mentality, which is even if another country is screwing us over by charging tariffs on our goods that go to those countries, we're gonna pretend like they don't and not charge tariffs for them coming to our, their goods coming to our country. That's the turn the other cheek model. And some people favor this 'cause they say it still makes the global pie a little bit bigger. I don't favor that. The other model is to say that, okay, we're gonna at least have reciprocity, which means same standards both ways.


If you're another country and you're applying tariffs to us, and not just tariffs, but maybe you're doing state-sponsored subsidies to your businesses, but we don't do them here. So it's an uneven playing field for those businesses, then we're gonna level the playing field. I think that is totally legitimate. In fact, I think in most cases that makes sense. Then there's a third camp which says that even if the other country isn't really being unfair to us, we're just going to put up barriers in a way that I think is actually harmful usually to the United States. So I think camp number two is super pragmatic to say that everybody's gotta plan a level playing field. You don't get two sets of rules. One for the rest of The World and one for America. If we're gonna be a trading partner and you're gonna be a long run economic partner of the United States, great, let's play by the same set of rules.


That's fair game. That's different from, And I will admit there are a lot of people on the left and on the right who prefer the other camp to say that, okay, we should make sure that only things are ever made in the United States. Even if it could better advance the interests of American citizens to be able to have access to broader goods and bring costs down if the other country's playing by the same set of rules. I don't think that we should be, we should be penalizing ourselves and shooting ourselves the nose, what, what the expression has cut your nose despite your face. I don't think we should do that. But if you look at Donald Trump's record, I'm not talking about rhetoric on social media or what some supporter somewhere of Donald Trump might have an opinion. It's a big coalition here. A lot of people have a lot of different opinions, but Donald Trump has been super pragmatic as a businessman on these trade issues.


And sometimes when you're in negotiation, you gotta be able to play a hard card to be able to get to the place where you want to get. And so I have no problem with that as long as the place where we land advances the interests of all American. Because how are you gonna make things more affordable? Like, like housing when you got tariffs on everything. Yeah. So I think because That come, we gotta pay for that. Look, I think the question is, if another country, I think you probably agree with me on this. If another country applies a tariff to the United States, do you think that we should apply the same tariff in return or not? Yes. Yeah, I think, yes. Yeah. So that's, that's it's, it's that simple. The only thing that's a slightly a little more complicated, but just a slight wrinkle to that is sometimes the other country may not be applying a strictly speaking tariff, but functionally as a tariff because their government supports their industries.


So they make them state-sponsored industries with their own taxpayer dollars. But we don't do that here because we believe in true competitive markets and capitalism. That is like a tariff because effectively it props up the other comp the other country's company to make it look like it's better than the US company. When in fact the company isn't actually that much better. It's just using their taxpayer dollars to do it. Oh, and by the way, we're often giving foreign aid to that very country, which allows them to have extra taxpayer dollars to spend. So that's the only wrinkle is either a tariff or a tariff like unfairness. That's what we've been on the receiving end of for a long time. Fix that. But how do you Make things more affordable for people if tariffs are on everything, everything From Mexico to China? So think so I think what's gonna happen, okay, what, what what typically historically plays itself out is that that other country then says, oh crap, we're actually gonna be screwed.


And a lot worse off, let's now play by the same set of rules. 'cause we are not gonna be getting away with arbitraging the United States of America anymore. But what if they don't? We got away with it for a little while, we're not gonna get away with it anymore. And then both countries are actually able to have a cleaner trading relationship than not people. There's one, The people gotta suffer until that happens. As I say. 'cause what if they, there's one wrinkle to this, I think. I think most of that pretty hap most of that happens pretty quickly. If you study the history of these trade deals with companies, it happened quickly with Columbia for sure. Yeah, sure. So in history, historically, even if you look for a hundred years, the way these things play out, it happens very Emini here it happens. It's relatively instant for correcting itself. The one exception to all of this, which, And I favor I think is important to us, is with respect to China. That's different from other countries, not Japan or South Korea or India or the Philippines or South America.


China's in a different category where I don't think we should put ourselves in a position to rely on China for anything that is critical to our national security. Take our own military. It's crazy. The following is crazy fact, the number one supplier to our Department of Defense of semiconductors is actually China. Our own military industrial base cannot exist without a Chinese dependent supply chain. That doesn't make any sense because the whole reason you have a military industrial base is to potentially protect yourself against an adversary. It makes literally no sense if you depend on that very adversary. Yeah. Relying on them, right? For your own military industrial base.


And I would say the same for the pharmaceutical supply chain, which is a pretty critical supply chain. Especially in a week where even the CCIA A has now confirmed that covid came from a lab in China. Really that's the same country that you want to have 95% of your ibuprofen coming from, which is what it is today. That doesn't make sense. So I put China in a different category. But then the irony on this is that if you really want to declare economic independence from China in those critical sectors, that actually means you need more, not less trade with other countries like Japan and South Korea and Vietnam and India and other countries in Brazil. You actually wanna bring as much as you can to the us but you gotta supplement that with other countries that can also fill those gaps.


And so it gets, it gets more nuanced, more quickly and depends on what your priorities are. If your priorities are national security of the United States and also the economic best interest of the United States, I think what that means is you don't let other countries exploit us. You play by the same set of rules. In the case of China, you can't depend on an adversary for critical sectors. That means more onshoring to the United States. But it also means more, not less trade with a lot of our allies to fill those gaps. So I think that's a rational course forward. And this is a good conversation. 'cause actually, usually people don't get to this level of the conversation. It's just, you know, is trade war good or bad? When in fact it's for complicated what purpose? It's complicated. Yeah, yeah, exactly. I got question. Oh, go. Oh, a question for you though on trade war, like why do we even, because for instance, what Columbia, right, I saw Bakari Sellers tweeted in response to Tim Scott.


Tim. Tim Scott came out and supported what Trump did with Columbia Bakari Sellers was like with Biden, we didn't have to do that. Like they accepted 475 deportation fights under Biden, more than 120 in 2024 alone. Basically. Like why did it even have to go to this extreme? It shows how people feel about our new president and what we might have to the extent that we might have to go to. And it's dangerous, right? So, well I think Different countries are gonna have different relationships, right? And so at some, at certain points you want, we want a president who will play hardball for the United States when necessary. Okay, we, we just, that's what we want. We don't want some sort of limp spine US president that gets rolled over. 'cause the person that's getting rolled over isn't the president, it's us. So if somebody else is trying to stiff us, right?


Trying to roll over us, you gotta double dash say, if you're gonna hit me, I'm gonna hit you back 10 times harder. Metaphorically speaking, I think that's okay for the president to take that mentality. And by the way, under Biden, part of the reason why is you had way more illegals that were of the kind that they actually wanted to get outta their country that were actually finding their way into ours. And so each situation's gonna be different. But if you ask me, do we want a president? If I had to make the choice, And I do think that often it is a trade off, often it is a trade off between somebody who is gonna be well-liked or well feared on the global stage. I would rather have a president who is well feared on the global stage than one who is well liked where it's possible to do both.


That's the best. But when you have to make a choice, I want my president, I don't care what party he is, I want my president to be one who is feared rather than loved by adversaries or even allies who are looking after their own interests. That's why I respected, I think respect follows somebody who stands for his own interests. Actually in the short run, somebody who loves what you do may not actually respect you. Right? And I think Donald Trump's this way with respect to other leaders. He respects other leaders who looks after their country's interests, even though he is gonna play hardball with them along the way. I, I'm the same way. Think about the people in a business negotiation who roll over versus people who actually will hold the line when necessary for their interests.


I respect that, even if that makes for a tougher negotiation. So I think we'll automatically be more respected by The World if we stand for our own interests. And then here's also one area where the US is different than other countries. It's a little bit, you know, people in other countries may take issue with it, but probably not. 'cause it's true. What hope does the rest of the free world have if the United States, the shining city on a hill still doesn't shine. And I've talked to leaders from other countries over the last year. The way they've framed it to me is the US has a choice to make Emini here. You guys decide which one you're gonna be. Are you actually gonna remain the leader of The World and proud of who you are? And if you're not, just let us know. Because I think that we will organize our own, our own views differently.


And I do think that the United States of America in particular has an obligation not to just to itself, but to history, to remain the strongest version of itself. 'cause if the United States just goes back to being just like any other ordinary country around The World, in some sense it's a loss of hope. Not just for every American, but for the free world as we know it. And I think that too is secretly these other countries where in the short term they might wanna exploit the us but if they come back and say, no, no, no, the US is back, they're strong, they're a leader. And I might not get my little trade agreement exactly what I wanted out of it, but I know that that's somebody who I can really depend on to be consistent and looking after their own interests and for standing for what freedom means. I actually think that will win us more respect in the long run.


I got a few more questions. Sure. You always so generous with your time. What did Trump say when you told him you wanted to leave Doge? It was A, it was a pretty good mutual discussion. He was very supportive. And you know, I think Donald Trump And I, we built a good relationship since I left the race. I think it's, for me, I've always been somebody who I need to stand for my own vision for the country. I'm at my best when I'm standing for my vision for the future. And I'm excited for that. And Donald Trump was super supportive of that. We had a good time at the inauguration together And I think we're gonna be working together informally for a long time to come. One, One of the executive orders that happened, you know, was, was Doge was rebranded as the US Digital Yeah. Service, which was an Obama era group, which is basically created to keep, to manage the Affordable Care Act website, right?


That's where it started. Okay. But now it determines best practices for the government's use of technology that wasn't your initial vision for. So Look, there were, there were a couple different visions in approach. And I will say that Elon, in taking a technology first approach, he's the best person to take that technology first approach. No doubt about it. You know, my, what I've always been drawn to in my books and a lot of the articles I've written in my, my own campaign for president, a lot of my focus has been on using the constitutional landscape and using the legislative landscape to bring down spending to curb regulations. I think the best way to do that is from the perch of elected office. And I think that when you think about who's gonna drive change through technology in the government, nobody better than Elon to do that.


But It seems like the Trump administration, at least some of 'em like Steve Bannon, the Susie Wildes of The World, they don't, they're not fond of him. It seems, look, I, Steve, Steve Bann is made. I'm not a, I'm not a big palace intrigue, you know, person. Steph, I'm an ideas guy. I believe in vision for the country. I want to think about how we're gonna best be able to improve the country. I don't really, I don't, I'm not super, I I don't, I don't really think the personality driven stuff is something that's super of interest to me. But I can tell you what I see, what I see certainly for what I was part of is you got a coalition here that is unified in wanting to restore American greatness, even with a diversity of views underneath that coalition, right? 'cause you can't have both the big tent coalition while also having everybody having united views on every small question.


And so I think that was part of what was cool this last year. Emini here, I, I ran for US president with slightly different views on certain things than Donald Trump. I endorsed him when I left the race. You got the likes of independence, you got, you know, Bobby Kennedy, you got tulsi, you got a bunch of other people, Elon Musk, a bunch of people who each have our own distinctive spins on what the right emphasis should be for the future of the country. But came together in what is a, you know, I think a big tent coalition, which means there's always gonna be some levels of diversity of thought and opinion in that coalition. I think that's actually a good thing. I think that makes a movement stronger. And so I think Trump Has done, but they only cater to, they only cater to the billionaire class though. Which is why I think that's true. Which is why it's so interesting that think got so many working class people to, you know, go out.


Yeah, I don't think, I don't, I don, I I don't think that's true. I don't think it's a sin to be a billionaire in the country. That's not a sin to be a billionaire. No, I think so. I think that's part of the coalition. I think it was very different. If you look at the stage at inauguration, and by the way, I'm a big fan of indoor inaugurations. It was a great, it was warm, huh? It was warm, it was good. I don dunno if you watched it, you know, but if you look at the people who are, I was, I was on stage with the diversity of people who were on that stage. The whole front Row was the tech guys, all the billionaires. And four, imagine that four years ago, many of those same platforms had censored and silenced the account of that same president. I think that's progress. I don't think that's a bad thing. I think there may be some people across the country who say, well that's a bad thing and, and we need to, well some people say we need to go re-litigate that around The country. That's what some people say. Even joining the Country. Yeah. But, but I think Donald Trump's running the country.


I think that's the hard truth of the matter. And I think that there are things, there are views that everybody in this coalition who supported him may have, that may be slightly different. What Donald Trump actually does, because he's done a good job of building and melding together a pretty diverse coalition of independence. Libertarian minded folks. You have some folks who are, you certainly got the American working class union folks. You got minorities, you have people who have lived the American dream themselves. You have people who have not yet lived the American dream but aspire for their children to, it's a pretty big tent. And so obviously if you're gonna bring together that type of coalition, not everyone is gonna agree on a hundred percent of policies.


I'd prefer that to one where everybody did uniformly agree on everything, but it was a much more insular, you know, segment of the American population. So I, I think this is a good thing. 'cause what I'm saying, two more questions. How, how are you gonna, how is the Trump administration gonna reduce food prices while when they're deporting the people who are picking the food? And because he said first day out and, and we ain't seen no prices drop yet. Well, come on. It's been a, been a couple weeks. So you Say it's been, been, not even a couple weeks been, it's Been a week. They're supporting the people who, who are actually picking the food. Well, Emini here deporting the people. Well we, maybe we should have a system. I, I think you would agree with me on this. Maybe we should have a system where the people who was picking our food or people who are in our food supply chain, were not people who entered the country illegally, but actually fostered both American born and a proper legal immigration system to staff that in a way that isn't illegal.


That's a separate question of rule Law. But you say you deport 20 million people and there's only 14 million people living in the country illegally. Who else you getting rid of? Let, Let's, let's just talk about bringing down food prices for a second. 'cause I think it's, it's an important point. I would also add to the list, by the way, housing prices. I would add to the list energy prices, especially electricity costs. I would add insurance costs. How Things are gonna be tough costs. You got credits on everything. Well here's, here's the number one way to do it. Increase the supply of everything, right? So law is a supply and demand. If you have constricted supply, you have higher prices. If you have more supply prices come down. And one of the easiest things that we're able to do in all of those areas, housing, food, energy, you bring down the regulatory barrier to producing more of it.


That is automatically gonna bring prices down. That's at least the first and easiest step we can take. Some of this is at the federal level, but keep in mind, not all of this is stuff that Donald Trump can do. Some of this is, a lot of this is actually at the state level too. Emini here. You think about most of the regulations that stop people from producing food. Most of the regulations that stop people from building new houses, including manufactured homes, which I think is actually an innovative area for the future. You think about even a lot of the restrictions on, on energy production, nuclear energy included, a lot of that is at the state level. Which is part of why in my own reflection, right? Thinking about having an impact on the country. You want, if you're doing this public service thing, you tell you there's a lot about it that isn't super pleasant at all times.


So if you're gonna do it, you might as well have the biggest possible impact you can have. And the way I look at it is Donald Trump, he's got it covered at the federal level. I'm rooting for success And I expect success, but it's not gonna be a one man show. At the end of the day. You got 50 states that have also have to tackle these very same problems. And especially when it's questions of affordability, questions willing into education. Education is all driven by the states. I think the states is where it's at in terms of actually the need to drive real change. And so I've set my sights accordingly And I would try to, yeah, I've tried to, and I'm gonna hopefully stay true to not just talking about this stuff, but to actually translate it to action. And I do think that this is a lot of the issues we're talking about bringing down housing costs.


That is not a partisan issue. There are a lot of Republicans who are pissed off about high housing costs, a lot of Democrats who are pissed off about high hous housing costs. And it is not a nature made problem. It's not a law of physics. It is a manmade problem and a manmade problem has a manmade solution and Donald Trump can set the tone. But those regulations, most of them are actually at the state level. Same thing with respect to education. Determining whether or not that poor young kid in the inner city, black, Hispanic, or white can go to an actual good school isn't determined by the federal government. It's determined by actually those state laws. Same thing with respect to food restrictions, the constraints on nuclear energy production, a lot of those are at the state level. And so I'm actually excited about, about making sure that we're not just looking at this as a one size fits all solution.


I, I supported Donald Trump pretty heavily. I dedicated significant part of my last year to getting him elected. 'cause I thought he would restore that sense of spine, that sense of greatness to America. But it's never one man show, it's never one man coming down from the White House to save us. It's never been that way. In fact, our founders envisioned this system of federalism to be led by the state's bottom up as well. And so I'm excited for both of those to work in the next couple of years. Do do You think you were pushed out of those because Trump rolled back the DEI initiatives? No, I to contrary and, you know, I would say, just to be super clear about it, I have no, I have no problem with, you know, framing or whatever. It was really just an actual mutual decision where you look at, here was one vision on approach, here's a different vision on an approach.


That's great. There's no right or wrong answer With a technology driven approach and a technology first approach, there's no better person than Elon to run with that, with a constitutional law focus with the legislation focus. Some of the areas I was focused on, probably the right place to do it is elected office. And so we all agreed on that And I think that that's actually a good thing where we're able to, where we're actually able to collaborate, divide and conquer a little bit. I Hear you Vivek. I don believe you. I I don't believe you. Fair enough. But I think you, I think you either got pushed out or you know that it's going to implode. I think that, you know, Elon is gonna crash and burn it and you're a smart guy and you said, you know what, let me get outta Dodge and go do my Governor Ohio thing. So Look, here's lemme get outta Doge. I doge exactly. I knew that the right step for me in the long run is elected office.


And to pursue the vision that we're talking about here, to actually translate that to action in my own terms, that's what I've been called to do. It was clear that I could not do that and serve on Doge at the same time, even for logistical reasons. It came to be in the government rather than an outside body. I was proud to be able to spend the first couple of months offering my contributions and setting it in the right direction with its focus now with its digital technology focus. No better person to do that than Elon in the way that he's gonna lead it. And I am hopeful that there's gonna be a lot of streamlining of government bureaucracy that comes outta that. And I'm pursuing my next steps at the state. Are you Gonna endorse you? Elon gonna endorse you. Is Trump gonna endorse you?


We're On, we're all on very good terms. And so I, I wouldn't wanna speak for anybody else, but I will say that they're very supportive of, of the decision that I made to pursue as my next step. Got you. Yeah. Alright. You've been here a long time and we appreciate your guys, man enjoyed talking You guys. I glad you hit me up over the weekend. I cannot, cannot wait until you un hitt your horse from this MAGA wagon and you can really talk, telling, spin in, in circle, telling. I don believe that. Just saying. So I got my horse hitch to one wagon and I'm not being corny about it. I really mean it, it is the America wagon. I love this country And I will, you know what? I would rather fight to this country for the principles I believe in and stand for and lose than to win by checking some box along the way. And this next step for me, I think is gonna be, it's gonna be really good.


So You'll be your, you don't want your horse hitched to the maga wagon. My, my horse's hitched to the America wagon And I think that was mad. And I, And I think making America great again, by the way, I'm all in for that. Okay. I'm all in for making America great again. If we're doing our jobs four years from now, we won't be saying make America great again. We'll Just say, make America greater. That's who we've always been. So I want to turn Maga into mag. Okay? So we don't have to make America great again. We just have to make America greater. And I think it's good to have the humility to say, make America great again. Acknowledges we're not perfect right now. And Some people just want, wanna make America make great because they've never experienced the greatness that America, let's make America greater than it's ever been. That's what I'm all in for. Are you gonna be Able to really do that as governor?


You gonna have to. Is that just for you to be there and be quiet until you figure out those Things? Well, I'm not gonna be quiet. I'm not very good at that. And you better believe that. I'm gonna have a lot to say at every step of this way. I, I don't believe in being shackled. And I think that the ability to lead a state, but also to be able to revive this culture of victory over victimhood in America. That's what I care about. We're victors not victims. That's who we are. And I don't care where that comes from. I've been from my first book Woke Inc. All the way through everything I've done ever since. I'm against victimhood culture. We're victors, we're exceptional. We believe in excellence. We believe in un we believe in being unconstrained as a people and as a country.


Well, if I'm gonna be a leader in that country, I'm gonna be pretty unconstrained at every step of the way too. So that's why I look at it. Vic Ram Swami, good Luck in Ohio and how you gonna take care of our, our Haitian family over there that, you know, Trump said was in You. I visited a number of them in, in Springfield And I think that I, I spent a lot of time in Springfield growing up actually. Did you have dinner With any of 'em? It Was shut up. We didn't Oh yeah. No we did not. We we hung out. We hung out. It was, it was the daytime where we hung out. Gotcha. But I would say that, I will say that it's understandable where you have a tiny community, that it's really small population in Springfield that has had its population dramatically transformed. I don't blame anybody. That's what I said when I went visited Springfield. I don't blame anybody in that community. I don't blame the people who live in Springfield for being upset.


I don't blame Haitians who made decisions for their own family to end up in Springfield the way they are. I do blame a lot of failed government policies. And at the end of the day, you could sit back and blame the government all you want and some of, at a certain point in time I said, okay, I'm sitting here offering commentary from an armchair. I'm done with that. I want to go in and actually be through action. Make a difference that you wanna see best way to do. It's from elected office And I prefer an executive office that involves actually being an executive rather than just being one on among a chorus of a hundred or four, five. I'm just ready to see the real you because I think you're a smart dude And I listen to a lot of your interviews And I watch you a lot and I'm like, yo, you know, Vivic says some things that I can get with, but I'm just Ready to see I'm constrained man.


See the real you? Not yet. You might get Not yet. I not yet. You still constrained the mag. You, you, I I'm not, I I I'm not gonna be constrained by anybody. And you know what? I, you my, you could watch me over the next year, you know, winning some election. Most politicians, their goal is to get reelected. I don't need to get elected to anything. We live a great life. We live the American dream. This is my way of giving back. What's the point of going through the motions if you're just going to be hamstrung by what you say and do in the first place. And so I think that, lemme put it this way, running to be the chief executive of a state, a governor short of being a president is the single greatest way to have unshackled impact on your country.


And I'll look forward to making a big announcement about that in a few weeks. Alright, this vivic ami, we appreciate you for joining us. Good seeing you, man. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime video and Amazon music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night Football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime. Now.


Experiencing the news each day can feel like a journey with Up first from PR though it doesn't have to be. Welcome to 15 easy minutes of breaking news, clarity on international and national affairs, and a casual tone that you can take in with breakfast. Begin your day informed, ready and refreshed. Begin your day with Up first, subscribe to Up first from NPR on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at The Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, I'm Arturo Castro and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse, and now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, and Joseph Gordon Levitt. I love storytelling And I love you. So I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.