
Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys. Offer a spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. Take your off-road experience to new heights. Discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions to one capacity, varies by configuration. See Nissan to one guide and owners manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Wanna know how to leverage culture to build a successful business? Then omics at the podcast for you. I'm your host, Brandon Butler, founder and CEO of butter, a TL. And on butters we go deep with today's most influential entrepreneurs, innovators, and business leaders to peel back the layers on how they use culture as a driving force in their business. Butters will give you what you need to take your game to the next level. Listen to omics on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


There's something different about the conversations we have late at night. They often spin off in strange and wonderful directions. So what if those laid back conversations or with some of the biggest musicians in The World, midnight Chats already welcomed, tame Imp Parler, Charlie XCX, mark Ronson, VIN Staples, and many more. Join me, Stuart Stubbs and me Greg Cochrane as we talk to our favorite musicians about the things they don't normally talk about. Listen to the new series of Midnight Chats on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your favorite shows.


Welcome to the Cino Show. I'm your host, Cino McFarland. I'm an addiction specialist. I'm a coach, I'm a translator, and I'm God's middleman. My job is to crack hearts and let the light in and help everyone shift the narrative. I wanna help you wake up And I, wanna help you get free. Most importantly, I don't want you to feel alone. Listen to the Cino show every Wednesday on iHeart radio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome to Crimin. I'm Maria Tramar. And I'm Holly Fry. Together we invite you into the dark corridors of history and true crime. For each season, we explore a new theme from poisoners to stalkers, art thieves, to snake oil salesmen. And tune in at the end of each episode as we indulge in cocktails and mocktails inspired by each story. Listen to Crimin on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake That ass up Early In the morning. The, Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Jess, hilarious Charlamagne, the guy we are. The Breakfast. Club Jess. Hilarious is on maternity leave. So we got Lauren LaRosa filling in and we got a special guest in the building. Our guy, the founder and CEO of Fanatics. And he is doing a fanatic fest this weekend at the Jacob Javit Center This weekend, Saturday and Sunday. Your favorite athletes, artists, celebrities will be in the building. You can get things autographed, they'll be selling merch and it's perfect 'cause I'm doing my car show this weekend. So there's a lot of things to do. They can go to your car, my car show your fanatic fest. But ladies and gentlemen, Michael Rubin, welcome. Glad to Be here. How, how you feeling? Always love being there. Feeling great.


Voice changed. You did not sound like that. What? Is that your announcer voice? Glad to be here. My, I'm ready. My announcer voice. Let's go man. What? What? So I'm trying to get like a overnight job with you guys here. Maybe you guys can put me like two to four Or something. It's a fight. Okay, well we could afford get a job here. You think? I couldn't do two to 4:00 AM We can't afford to pay Mike Rubin. I was About to say you. I'm like free labor. Let's Go. Oh, now, now you're talking now you said I forgot something. When did I forget? It's actually Friday, Saturday and Sunday. Oh, Friday, Saturday and Sunday. Yeah. What do you, is the car show big on Friday? Tuesday? It's just Saturday. My car show's just Saturday. Okay. I thought you just, I thought you were trying to like kill off competition On Friday. No, no, no, no, no. Friday, Saturday, Sunday. Now We're, we're, we're pumped for this weekend. This is really exciting. You know for me, new York's my favorite city in The World to kind of do something that's never been done.


There's really not a sports festival anywhere in The. World never. I've seen, And you have this, and we think about this, you have so many other festivals. You have Comic-Con, which takes over in New York City gets a quarter of a million people. That's right. You've got ComplexCon, which I'm gonna go to in, in November and Vegas. You've got You know all the music festivals you've got South by Southwest. And. I. Don't know why no one's ever done this in sports. You've got the trading card shows, which they have a thousand of in the country. But I went to a trading card show. There's a big trading card show called The National, which gets 150,000 people. Is that the one in Atlantic City? It was in Atlantic City a couple years ago. Yep. Yep. It was in Cleveland a few weeks ago. So changes cities each year and you walk in there, you're like, this is nuts. There's 150,000 people.


But it looks like when I went to high school, so it hasn't really changed since like the nineties. And so I basically went to ComicCon in New York City and said we gotta do the sa we gotta do the same thing for sports. So this is gonna be our first time doing it Javits this weekend we're gonna have like 200 of the best athletes, celebrities, artists coming through. All the leagues are coming. I mean you got Tom Brady's gonna be throwing footballs to kids for an hour on Wow. Friday. KD and Ant with their Olympic medalists coming in Saturday. They're gonna be playing basketball with kids, football with kids. You've got, I I, I actually last night said this is nuts. I actually have a bunch of NBA players call me and say, Hey, can I play basketball? Can I play football with kids? Like normally you're trying to get people to come do these things. And we've got the best streamers in The World coming and we've got so many of the big, we've got Aid and Ross coming, drew Ski coming Sketch coming.


We're gonna announce a few really big additional streamers that are coming. So like to me, just to bring everyone, everyone togethers awesome. What is Fanatics Express exactly though? Like what is it? It's just a giant sports festival. Okay. Celebrating sports. Yeah. It's just, it, it's it for me. It's like what would you want every sports fan to dream of doing if they could just not be the actual sports event and come So you've got like NFL will be there and you can You know, see all the Super Bowl rings since they've had the Super Bowl. All the Lombardi trophies. I see Tom, Brady, Eli, and Peyton. Is that true? Yeah. Wow. Absolutely. Now how does that work? Because I seen them sign an autographs. So you can buy an autograph sign jersey there or they just Win jerseys. So I think for Eli and Peyton, you can sign up to either get your picture with them and pay.


You can pay to get your picture with them. Or an autograph. Tom's just coming in. Tom's gonna be interviewed by Stephen A. Smith on the main stage. Then he's gonna be doing football with kids. He'll be, I think he actually wants to walk around and look at trading cards 'cause he's really into, into trading cards. So he'll be there all day Friday. I'm sure you guys know we're popping up to 40 40. I expect to see you guys there this weekend. Jay's gonna be hosting it. I saw, saw all weekend. It's gonna be nuts And You know. Jay called me and said, look, I love 40 40. I wanna do something special. You know. Why don't we set this up for people that are reporting to him. People You know the athletes and celebrities that are coming through to support us. Our most important gamblers. I think you guys know Jay and Dez own part of our gambling business. Absolutely. And, and so You know it's kind of, you think about having like Jay-Z hosting 40, 40 Travis Scott Quavo, bunch of other artists that you guys You know all spent a lot of time with.


But then having You know guys like Brady and Peyton and Eli, lots of other football players having KD and Anne and AI and Julius Irving. Think about that. Kareem Abdul-Jabbar. Really? Yeah, he's coming. Mike Tyson. Yeah. And Jake Paul. They're doing the PI can't wait for that. I was just with Jake at the Olympics. I could tell you if he looked like he looked at the Olympics walking out of the bar we walked out of at 5:00 AM in the morning. Don't say it You know. I, I don't know. I could be worried for him, but I made, I called to make fun of him yesterday. I said, yo, that, that did not look good for You. Oh, I thought you were gonna say you he got Mike Tyson. No, no, no, no. But that's what I said. Don't say it. No, no, No. When I, no, when I was No, no, no. He, he walked out. There was very funny videos of him online stumbling out of Oh, he Probably was faking. Yeah. No, no, no. He wasn't faking. He wasn't, He wasn't Faking.


No, he definitely wasn't faking. No, he he, he, he, he's a sloppy drunk. Got you. Oh, he's gonna get knocked out then. Yeah. So Is this No, I don't, I don't, I don't think I just, I I think he's not drinking before his fight. Yeah. Hawk Hogan's gonna be there too. Hawk Hogan's gonna be there by the way. Co. Cody Rhodes is gonna be there. Ray Mysteria is gonna be there. I've had a couple You know a couple. I think You know a couple of the artists like, yo, very mysterious. We love very mysterious. So like You know it's a, we have 25 wrestlers coming. We've got the UFC Champ coming You know the Alex Pereira there, there's Holly Holmes coming. I mean, it's in every sport. We've got great people coming. But then that league activations are also amazing. Like just You know, You know NBA set up there to have different skills. Competitions.


N NFL's got skills competitions, hockey, soccer, I think. Wow. By the way, punching, how hard can you punch the UFC bag? How hard can you slap? So it's, it's gonna be everything. Thank You. The fanatics too. You know I do my back to school Drive in my hometown amongst corner every weekend. I don't even know if You know this, but Fanatics donated a bunch of backpacks. I didn't know that. But whatever you guys need, we're always there for you guys. 'cause you guys are great friends of, of and family. So we're always there. And They did it specific to like Carolina teams. So like the Game Cox and the Hornets and Oh that's dope. Yeah. So thank you. I love that. Absolutely. I love that. Yeah. I gotta tell you who did it. I don't remember who did it. I tell you. So you can get him A raise. They just know you guys need something. You can get him a raise. That's right. Yeah. Absolutely. Now how does this differ from the White Party Michael Rubin?


So, so look, the White Party, this is Way different kids. You're not invited. Kids can go there. You're not invited to the White Party. But you invited to this. Ruben invites me to everything. Me too. You, You guys are generally invited to everything. The one thing I'll say is like, look, I love bringing people together and that comes from the way I learn and the thing that people don't get about me. 'cause everyone thinks I'm being self-deprecating, but I'm actually being serious. Like when you got a seven 80 combined on your SATs, you barely made outta high school. You went to college for part of a semester and you haven't read a full book. And I haven't read a book since ninth grade. That's Nothing to brag about. Okay. But it's honors. That's the truth. In seven 20 on SATs was is Pretty seven, eight on your SATs pretty bad. It Seven Eighty's pretty Combined outta 1600. You saying you're not the best learner. Yeah. And so the way I learn is from people around me.


So I'm much better to ask you questions, ask you questions, ask you questions. And so I love bringing people from different backgrounds together so we can all learn from each other. And that's the way I, that's the way I've always learned. I've always like ask questions, not been afraid to ask whatever's on my mind. And so I think when I started the White Party, it was really about how do I You know, take this really diverse group of friends. Like I have friends of you could go from Robert Kraft owns the new New England Patriots to Travis Scott to You know, to to Meek, to You know Commissioner of a Sport to a CEO of Airbnb or the CEO of Uber. So it's like bringing all these people together. And I love doing that. The thing with Fanatics Fest, it's just how do you create this incredible sports gathering? And you don't have that other than actual games.


And I think there's so many things that you can do at a Super Bowl or a MLB Allstar game or an NB Allstar game for that each sport. But no one brings it all together. And then generally it's pretty hard to get the athletes, the artists, the You know players to come through and really support. So we try to do a bunch of special things like You know Travis Scott's launching Cactus Jack exclusive trading cards at Fanatics Fest on Saturday. Those are gonna be, and those cards, people are going crazy for those cards. I've never had more people hit me up and say, yo, how do I get those cactus Jack You know MLB trading cards that you're launching at Fanatics Fest. So there's a lot of exclusive products as well. So it's really trying to just create lots of things for everybody.


My goal, the test of this, like if we succeed okay, will be at the end of the show. Do people do the tens of thousands of fans that came and say we love being there. Like this was awesome. Do the talent that came through and say, Hey, this actually wasn't something that like we felt like we were forced to be. We love doing it. And that right now I'm feeling that 'cause people keep hitting me up and say, how can I get involved? How can I do more? And then do we take over social? I want like the way the White Party takes over social. I want this to be Fanatics Fest. Needs to own the weekend, thank God You know we Great Olympics outcome that's finished now. Got a bunch of people from the Olympics coming. Just heard a lot of the women's soccer team is gonna be showing up as well. Wow. Which is great. A lot of gold medals. You're Definitely gonna dominate social then.


Absolutely. Man. When you have all of these different groups of people from You know different industries, like everybody's gonna be chatting about that. And We got crazy stuff. Like the thing I'm most excited about last night I was, I was up till 2:00 AM with my team going through each and every stunt. Like we got stunts every hour. Like one of the cool things when I went to this, the show that used to be in Atlantic City was in Atlantic City that was in Cleveland a few weeks ago. I saw two guys in full Oakland age uniforms. Mm. And I called my guys up. I'm like, yo, everyone dresses for Comic-Con, how do we get every, everyone to dressed for Fanatics Fest? Mm. And so literally I just went out and said, look, anyone who comes in a full team uniform or a super fan uniform, we're gonna take the best dressed person each hour on hour and bring them back to meet one of their You know truly dress.


Oh, that's fine. That smart. So someone comes into a Tom Brady outfit and they've got the You know the helmet and the jersey and the pads and Pants And everything where they come in a crazy Patriots. We may bring 'em back to meet Tommy. Someone comes in a Pate manning outfit with cheese heads or something. Yeah. That's all we're What if 10 people do that? Can I pick the best one? Best dressed each hour. Okay, gotcha. Gotcha. So we're, so we're gonna do, it's, it's basically 25, 30 people for the weekend and we got 200 athletes there. So it can be easy for us to, and by the way, if we see crazy stuff, maybe we do more than one an hour. So it's just like creating those experience. Think about if you're a You know you're a diehard Julie Irving fan. You, you just, Julie serving is the person you looked up to and you come in and full Julie Irving outfit and we bring you back to meet Dr. J. I mean, how cool is that? Or Al Amon dope. Yeah. Who's playing basketball with kids on, on Sunday?


So we wanna make sure we just create incredible experiences that nobody else can have. And I. Why? I said this is a sports combine. Yeah, well, I mean, what's that? Even me? Well, because you've got, each league is there. So you've got the NFL, the N-B-A-N-H-L-M-O-S-W-W-E-U-F-C-M-L-B all there with activation. So you really be like, like I know a lot of the streamers are coming through And I. People tell me a lot of shit right now about who's gonna beat who in different competitions. Right now I got money on Quavo as a, not that he's a streamer. I got money. He's very athletic. He's he, he, he wins a lot of athletic competitions. I got, I know who, who I, I got a lot of people saying things. It's gonna be fun is I think I told Aiden Ross, he's gonna take a lot of abuse from a lot of people this weekend when he told me he was gonna come and show up strong in, in, in sports.


So, so it's gonna be fun to see who, who, who shows strong and who's who has my athletics. It's not a real combine. Like people people gonna be doing there, scouts there and they Like, no, but people are gonna be doing the, the 40 yard day. Like, I mean you You know you have old slow guys like me and then you're gonna have super fast You know streamers that are tearing it up in the, so there's gonna be a lot of competitions there. Long do Miss Go ahead. How long is the Fest? Because I know the, the White Party is 13 hours, So I specialize in long of it. Yeah. So the White Party is a test of seeing what you're made of. And I'll tell you, we You drink the full 13 people drink the full 13 hours. Definitely. Wow. So the White Party starts at 5:00 PM and it ended at 6:00 AM this year. And there were probably 300 people when it ended.


And there's only, there was less than 400 people at the total party. So that means most people can good retention, good, good resilience. I'd say you, you train for it. I fi I, the funniest thing is like when Michael Parsons calls me and says like, yo man, I'm training for this. I'm getting into training like You know. People will call and say I'm training. I, I gotta gotta build my endurance up for this. There's no Reason to be at a party for 13 hours. You know What people, 13 hours people would say they have such a great time. There's so many great people to say and remember it's four different parties within the party. So you start with You know cocktails and there's really a lot of good, I think business things that come from that. You know so many You know when you have CEOs of some of the best consumer companies together with You know best artists, best athletes together with just iconic business people.


Like a lot of things come from that. We've also made created a lot of relationships out of there too. A lot of marriages, relationships. I heard For sure you say with Donovan Mitchell and Coco Jones. Well I Mo Moba Tom Brady man, I remember, I know, I know Moba Mo Bamba met his I think now wife there. Yes. Wow. Yeah. And, and You know, I I, I keep read, I, I read the rumors of what I see out there. People who, who met at the right place. So I love that. But do you e even more the business relationships that come out of there and, and you, to me, there's so many great relationships that are started and created there. And that to me is like the test of are we doing well? We helping people get to know each other are great business outcomes coming for them. And, I love doing that. You see that, you look, you guys have all been at my Super Bowl party.


You see that there with a lot of You know great business opportunities come from that as well. Do you, 'cause so the business relationships come out of it's good vibes. But like when you see stuff online, like Drake was there this year and everybody was like, oh, they weren't a allowed to play, not like us. Like does that stuff bother you? And was that even true? It was true. And and, and look for me, look, I'm always You know. I I just don't think You know Drake's my friend for a long time. I'm not gonna invite him and then have You know, You know he's, look, he's obviously going through he's he's going through a little bit of battle right now. I'm not gonna have him come there and, and and and and And and being in battle more. Battle more. That's what a friend Supposed to do though. Yeah. I just didn't think it was app. I just think it was appropriate. So I just sent a note. I said, Hey, let's not play You know anyone's music that's feud you with anyone that's there.


I mean look, you got a lot. But That was a you decision. It wasn't like Drake was like, don't Play this. No, that was a me decision. I just thought it was the appropriate thing. I will, I will tell you the day before, we had a small barbecue for a few hours. That was supposed to be 30 people turned into 200 people and went for about 10 hours the night before. That was the pre-game to the, to the White Party. And wh when they turned the music on, just like in my house, like it was, I put, they put Rap Caviar and not like us came on. It was like in the middle of not like us. I'm like, get that off. Get That off. He was Drake was there. He He he was pulling up soon. Oh yeah. But you had it on your Playlist. No, it wasn't on my plate. Was Drake. Don't that I I seen You try to throw me under the bus like that. Did You see the memes of your pictures with Drake or you and Drake and everybody's like, Drake look so sad.


He Had a, by the way, he had a great time. Look you got, if there's one thing I've, somebody just said something to me about social media. You gotta be built for social media. You gotta be tough for real. Yeah, sure. You gotta take shit from people. I actually, one of the things people don't understand about my personality, I actually like the abuse. I actually like, it doesn't bother me at all. You know. Look, Drake is an iconic artist that we all have tremendous respect for. You know, obviously you can't what I said to Drake And I really believe this is, this is a great test for him. Like you can't get to where he's got to and not have people coming for you. I know You know I sleep with one eye open. I know right now You know we're in three businesses. People coming for me in every business every day. And that's part of You know with Success comes You know more competition, more hatred and You know the best people show why they're the best and and if you're not the best, you crack and you fall apart.


Right? So I think this is a great test for him. I think You know he's gonna come out with You know lots of incredible music. And I, think people Drake be fine. Right? I think people are gonna say that's why Drake is Drake. So I think social media. So I like that test for Him. I think social media bothers you a little bit. 'cause one thing I did notice from the White Party, I didn't see any hugs. There was no hugs from the back. Listen, I didn't hug Mike, So no, no one was a bigger hugger than me. I will say I pay attention to everything. And, I decide people right or wrong. I think that was pathetic. I think it was a joke. Oh, how do he attack Lil? Baby? Yeah. Look, by the way, You know what I hate when watching a black person try to take a black person down. That's fucked up. Okay, let's keep it real. Okay? Baby is one of the best human beings in the planet.


There's not a person who will always do more for his community. Who's a great human being who works his ass off. And here's what happened with Baby. Baby did great and then people came for him. Okay? And You know what happened then he comes out with more great music and he shows why he's baby. And so for me, it actually, it was one of the few things in my life that ate at me because I felt response. Even though like, look, the amount of people, you're just Showing 'em love though. I mean, people were just making jokes. They knew what it was. You know. But, but let's keep this real. The amount of people who I've in a 13 hour drunken party, okay, that I've jumped on their back and someone's caught a picture is like, I've done that a thousand times Now. I will tell you that like in my head, You know that ain't happening anymore.


Just 'cause I won't. Like if it was me, I would think it's funny, but it it actually hurt him a little bit for you. And that ate at me. That did eat at me. But You know what again, the one thing I'd say when you're doing great people try to test you. And I. Think that's a great You know, I think that's a great character test. And I Think Baby showed Why he's him. Drake's gonna show why, why he's him. And You know for me, last year was probably the first time people ever came at me. I've generally been You know. I think people have showed me a lot of love and support and You know. Last year I realized You know fan n got a little bigger. I became a little more well known. And so, hey, it's You know it's easy to try pick at me for things. So yes, I am a little more careful Now. Don't let nobody stop you from hugging people. Mike. I, I listen, I I'm gonna, I'm hug, I hug As many people from the back as you want. I've never seen you hug JayZ from the back.


You never grabbed Jay from the back. I've Hugged every, first of all, I've hugged If. you get me? Really? I'm don't Don't tell hug. You hug JayZ from the back. I'm From the back. Like I'm a Hugger. You said If. you get drunk, you'll hug any man from the back of what you're saying. Lemme tell you something. If, You ask question. Look at me. Don. Do not, don't engage with him Right now. Listen, all I'm gonna say to you, we Hug each other from the back. Don't Worry about I believe in, I believe in hugging. I'm a You. know what? I wanna spread love all the time. And, I mean this and You know Hugs are about love and You know. That's right. I love Baby And I love my friends You know I'm lucky to have so many great friends around me. So yes, when I see you, you are getting a drunken hug one time. And You know you're gonna like it. And because we're okay and, and You know what and that's, that's Remember that night we was out?


Yeah. But hold on. That's affection. That's just respect for you because I have so much respect and love for you and You know when someone starts trying to say That's not love, that's fucking bullshit. Okay? You know what that is. That's just people wanna hate on each other and trying to people take people down. And I don't actually accept that And I accept his love restaurant after Jay-Z's Museum thing last year and you was drunk and you came with to me And I said, don't you even think about it. No. Me still, It was still fresh then was it was, was it, was it did I then hug you or not? You Did hug me. Absolutely. Perfect. Exactly. Show me, hug me from the back all time. So it's not, yeah. And by the way, the amount of the amount of incredible iconic athletes that have jumped on my back and given me hugs in, in mo moments. I mean that was like someone just caught a picture. And by the way, I told Couse I was with Couse a couple nights ago.


It was his blue hair. That was the thing. Roy Square was You know If. you didn't have that, that blue hair. That was what that was what killed the whole thing. It was the picture. It was me babying co. And like it was probably like one 10th of one second that someone caught the picture and then it got out there and You know. But anyway, look to me, Mike, we Just joking. You hug whoever You wanna open about. But, but I'll cut it aside. I wanna spread love all the time and people should hug, hug each other all the time. And people shouldn't say, oh, it's not cool if someone gave someone a, a drunken hug. And what sucks is that it actually did hurt baby for a period of time. And that's the fucked up thing. And that's the thing that I don't like. What Do you mean by hurting? Like what? Like he was upset about it or like, I mean the meme baby used to that he go Viral all the time. Baby wasn't one bit upset about 'cause he's tough and he's built for it. Yeah. He go viral all the time. Yeah. But it's just like people took, it's just a way of like saying, oh baby ain't right.


Oh he's this or he's this's all bullshit. It's just people, it's people that want to hate with success. And to me, I want everyone around me to do great. I want, nothing's gonna make me happier than you guys doing great. You guys killing in everything you do. That's how we all push each other up. And so that's how we all learn from each other and grow together. Yeah. And so I think you just gotta like push aside that that negativity. They Do the same thing with Meek. When they keep bringing up the bunny hopping, they say you made 'em do the bunny hopp. So, so by the way, let's talk about that. There's nobody, there's nobody who's been more tortured this year than Meek. Talk about the Diddy thing. Now I know Meek really, really well and I've never been to a Diddy party. He's never been to one of my parties in my life. Okay Say that.


But I wanna get this out there. Oh man, Meek, I know that guy really, really well. Okay. Everyone going around trying to say, and by the way, if he was gay, who cares? There's not a gay bone in his body. You guys know him like I know him. I've been around him more than anybody. Okay. For people to just like the internet. Like a friend, one of my best friends said to me, I think Meek's gay now. I'm like, why? You? know what I'm saying? Because I've read it 10,000 times. There's not a gay bone in that guy's body. Body. So it's like why do people wanna bring somebody down? Why do people wanna hate on somebody? Why someone go lie on somebody and by talk about the bunny hops. Okay, now you're talking about the most unathletic person in planet earth is Michael Rubin. I pride myself on that. And why do I, by the way, why do I put the funny videos out making fun of myself?


'cause I want people to know You know what you could suck at sports and be the person who was picked last all the time. You can be the person that was terrible in school. Remember I barely graduated high school. Okay? And then you can work your ass ass off and be great in business. So I'm trying to show people do what you're great at and excel in that. Right? Okay. But so now Meek says to me, we're in The Bahamas. He's there with his family when they were with my family four or five years ago. Okay? And Meek's learning tennis and I'm pretty shitty tennis. So we play tennis game now. This was one pathetic athletic event like If. you wanna see like two horrible tennis players going at it. Somehow it was very close. And so Meek says to me at the beginning of the game, he says, what do you wanna bet? I'm like, what do you wanna bet? Like I'm not generally a like, I don't want to ever take money for my friends or let bet money, but if they want to, he's like, let's do pushups.


I'm like, great. 50 pushups great. He said, actually let's do bunny hops. I said, what's a bunny hop? He said, how do You know? So Meek idea m said A hundred percent Because Meek gonna Win. So M's. Like you go like this. He's teaching me what a bunny hop I never saw before. I don't know, I'm literal, I'm going like this. That's one of those things you learned in Person. He's gonna be like, like no, it's like this. Right, right, Right. This. He said, we do it in jail all the time. We in jail all the time. Right? So he, I didn't even know what, I've never heard of a bunny hop before. Oh man. So now, now we do it. Then when I put it out I like, of course 'cause I was making fun of him 'cause I had no idea what people would turn this into. I put it on my story just making fun of him.


Like, yeah, I kicked your ass in tennis. Like it's fun. I actually won something in sports like a almost a miracle should have had a celebration. Okay, no one says the thing. Then five years later, You know people want, now it's the turn. You know what, who we gonna hate on this much? So let's hate on Meek. Oh Meek's Gabe because some guy made up a lie. Okay, so let's hate on him for that and just try to change the narrative and oh You know white billionaire telling You know


The summer is heating up. So the next time you pop open a Coca-Cola or Coke Zero sugar. Prepare for ice cold drops from Coke Studio. New music from your favorite artists in their latest hits with drops from new jeans. Carol g and Peggy Goo Plus live performances at the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke, a Coke zero sugar 12 ounce can and unlock magic music moments all year long, no purchase necessary. 13 plus in 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize. availability@coqrl.com slash Studio USA promo copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola company


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight, an available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with a 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa com to learn more intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo


In a world where TikTok didn't exist yet The comedy of across borders, the Heart of America, the Latinos and his catch phrase are part of our culture. But Sonoro e Hearts, Marco Podcast network present I from television debut at Listen to Na as part of my Cultura podcast network and iHeartRadio, apple Podcasts, or wherever you stream podcasts. Back in 1969, this was the hottest song around Of the season. So hot that some guys from Michigan tried to steal it Of the season for love. My name is Daniel Ralston. For 10 years I've been obsessed with one of the most bizarre and audacious cons. In rock and roll history. A group would have a hit record and quickly they would hire a bunch of guys to go out and be the group. People were being cheated on several levels. After years of searching, we bring you the true story of the fake zombies. I was like blown away. These guys are not gonna get away with it. Listen to the true story of the fake zombies on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts From the writer of Amazon Prime's Red, white and Royal Blue comes a hilarious and demented new audio mystery. Does this murder make me look gay? Master Vandy is dead. Then it's probable that whoever killed Vandy is in this very Room. Lock her up, lock her up. You killed your daddy, you don't get anything. Fizzy 9 1 1. What's your emergency? I'm in the Monroe Estate. And I just caught a murderer. Yes, I'll Hold featuring the star studded talents of Michael Urie. Jonathan Freeman, Douglas Sills, Cheyenne Jackson, Robin De Jesus, Frankie Grande, Sean, Patrick Doyle, Brad, Oscar, Nathan, Lee Graham, Seth Rusky, Leah, Daria, Leia, Solana and Kate McKinnon as Angela LANs Ferry. Lick them. Lick those toes. Listen to, does this murder make me look gay as part of the outspoken network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Black man to do bunny hops. Actually he told me to do bunny hops. It was his bet. And I'm sorry that he sucked in tennis that day. Okay, let's keep it real. So like I that that stuff does, He should have played a black sport. He beat you in Everyone by the way. Yes, but probably any sport other than scheme, which is obviously a white sport. That's the only sport I could probably get him in. But You know, like the thing I don't like about that is it doesn't bother me. For me, it bothers me that it actually, when I see the narrative of a really good friend of mine, like Meek and people trying to You know again, if he was gay, which is not one gay bone in his body, who cares? Number one, let's say if people wanna be gay, it is 2024. Who the fuck cares? Okay, number two, there's not a gay bone in his body. So like why do people wanna lie about that?


Why do people wanna change a narrative? A bet he made with me to try to hurt him. Like that is the one thing I've learned about You know. Look, I'm just being blunt 'cause it's me. It's the one thing I've learned about black culture that I don't like is that Black hate on hate Speak on that more. I heard you say that earlier. And I wanted you to expound on that. You said you don't like to see black people tearing down other black people. Yeah, It's horrible. Okay. Like why? Like it's horrible. Like why? Like I wanna support every look you got. Two of you guys know me pretty well. Anything I can ever help with, I'm always there. I always wanna be helpful. I feel lucky and fortunate to do what I do every day to be is You know whatever success I've had, I feel blessed to do that. And I wanna give back in every way I can. You know in business and in charitable things, I'm always trying to be helpful. Like why does someone wanna bring somebody else down?


Let's try to build everybody up like You know. I I, I'd be more excited if You know if I'd be more excited to see one of my friends do something that's 99% less meaningful to me. But it would be really meaningful to them. 'cause I want them to do great. I want everyone around me to do great. I don't like watching You know there's a little bit and you tell me, you guys correct me If, you think I'm wrong? I think there's a little bit of a black culture of like, it's Black hate on hate. It's like that black judge that Meek had that hated on him and want to put in go extra hard on him. Okay. It's like I like, it's what people always say to me. It's like Black hate on hate. So I think it's terrible. I think it's something that it's, I think it's culturally wrong. And I. I'll probably get killed for saying this 'cause You know you're You know Black, Black.


I'm glad you're saying it openly. If this is the conversations that are being had, I Have it all the time with Yeah, I want to hear this. Yeah. So, so I I I think it's wrong. I think like why do you not wanna build everyone up around you? Why do you not want everyone around you to do great? The best way for everyone to do great is to push each other up. Okay. I'm always pushing everyone around me. It's why I spend You know a quarter of my days helping other people. 'cause I want them to do great. And by the way, it's why people always If. you think about this, no one ever came at me before last year. Okay, last year we had the bunny hops. You brought up, you brought up the hugging Little baby from Hug, right? Okay. Which are each completely made up the n None of these things had any real You know none.


They weren't real. They were made up to hurt people. Okay? Yet everyone still ca comes out from me because they're real authentic relationships. And, I wanna help everyone in everywhere I can. And so to me, if I could say one thing, let's everyone go out with a positive energy, try to make everyone do great around us and build people up. Let's not try to bring people down. You don't, you don't do better by taking your competition down. You do better by pushing everyone up together. You want all the wind behind your back. So when you see other, when you see black people tearing other black people down in your mind you'd be like, I would never do business with that person because of how they treat their own people. Well I Don't see, I I I don't really see the people I'm around tearing people down. What I see is the conversations that we have about people tearing You know, trying to tear them down.


And, I think like You know. Even if Tam Meek brings that up a lot, Meek doesn't bring it up a lot, but I'll bring up Tam Meek and be like, like, like look, when you grow up the way Meek did it, you grew up the way baby did it. Like, these guys are tough. Okay. You know you grow up. You didn't even think you were gonna make it to the, the age you are today. You know you're coming out of a You know pretty violent background. You know, I, I think you feel fortunate, but I think the re the reality is like they're aware that You know there's a lot of hate that comes with their success. Even if like someone's trying to get out. I grew up in a ruthless environment and You know I don't You know. I'm trying to improve the people that are around me. It's like, then the people that You know you grow up with, they're mad. They want, they wanna take you down 'cause you don't have the same people around you. How about you want to grow and you expand and doesn't mean you don't wanna help the people around you.


Meek Meek does so much for his community. You know a completely different situation, but Baby does so much for his community. Like so I just, that whole thing right really does bother me because I think it's wrong. And, I think it's culturally hurting the outcome of the black community. I think it would be much better if everyone tried to push each other up. Are There examples of that in the white community? But Let, let, let's, let's keep it, look, look, look, I'm not re I'm Jewish, I'm not remotely religious. Oh, okay. In the Jewish community. Are are they Alright? I'm not re remote. I'm not remotely religious. Okay. It's just who I, I never have been Okay. But the hate toward Jewish people now, it's horrible. And, and it's, it's not affecting it. I feel more bad for like my daughter You know. You see like You know she's gonna USC next year. And like you have You know you have situations where people can't even get into their college because they're j You know they You know Cornell and New York City, not in New York City, Columbia and New York City literally couldn't even control and make it safe for Jewish students to be there.


Like, like why is this good? This is horrible. Like we all wanna bring people together. Then it's say by the way, why do I wanna do Fanatics Fest? 'cause I wanna bring tens of thousands sports fans together. Why is sports great? 'cause it brings community together. Hate is bad. Any type of hate sucks. It's why my dear friend Robert Kraft started the blue square to eliminate hate. Like If you say in life, if we could just like get people to always support each other, get rid of hate. Like that's You know. Why is this all this killing all the time? It's from hate and so in Jewish community, yeah, I have a lot of con conversations about it In the Jewish community, do you guys support each other more? Do you see more support? I I I think in most communities, other than You know, I think in most communities people are pretty to support.


Like, like I support everyone around me. I don't care. You know, black, white, purple, yellow, gay. I don't care. Like I'm gonna support everyone around me. That's, that's the way I've always been built to push everybody up, to push everyone around me. And, I think that's generally great for me. You know, I think most communities do it that way. I mean, you tell me, do you think I'm right or wrong about you? Be honest. I I mean listen, it's uncomfortable to hear you say it as a Jewish man, right? But I can't say that you're wrong. That's why. But one thing I always say is that when I'm talking about like what we call Uncle Tom's Yeah. I always say all of these Uncle Tom, black men think white people like that and they don't, they think like people that are in white people or Jewish people, white people, Jewish people have in positions of power.


They think that they like the sellouts amongst us and they don't, they don't like to see a black person selling out another black person. I, I say that all the time, right? So I was gonna ask you about a, there's a guy named Sid Rosenberg who called Vice President Kamala Harris's husband a bad Jew. So when you hear language like that, is that the same as, is that self-hate amongst Jewish people? I don't have know any of the background to it. I didn't even know her husband was Jewish until he just told me. But You've heard that term before though. You've heard somebody call somebody a bad Jew. I Think people, bad people have told me I'm a bad Jew in the, like the people tell me I'm not doing enough for the Jewish community. You know. People say to me all that you do so much for the black community. You start the Reform Alliance.


You spend so much money, time, and energy to You know fix the probation parole system. Why haven't you done more for the Jewish community? You know for me, I never, I was always great at giving money away. I never did the work. And then when obviously, and you guys know the story so well when You know Meek went to prison for not committing a crime and I'm sitting in that courtroom and watching what was a really close friend of mine You know go to get sent to two to four years prison for popping and wheel on a motorcycle. It like that was the most outta control I ever felt in my life because I'm used to in business being able to You know, control my own destiny. And I think that's when my whole perspective changed of like really having to not just give money but really make a difference. And I think that's when You know once he got out, we started the Reform Alliance.


Now we have this giant Make a Wish partnership, which everyone's so excited about where we do every sports wish. We helped to make it better and crazy to get the athletes really involved to make the wishes great for the kids. And like we, we like we love giving back. I get told 'em a bad Jew all the time 'cause like, hey, people say you've only posted 10 times about what's going on, but to me you have to do things that are authentic. I got so emotionally involved in fixing probation and parole once I saw how fucked up the system was. And so I'm honored to do that. You also can't do all things to all people Make a Wish the way I got sucked into it, which is actually amazing. I really didn't like I, everyone knows of Make A Wish, but I didn't really know how it worked. And a kid had a wish to do something of the Sixers and he wanted to sit court side of the Sixers.


And so I set up from his court side of the Sixers and we were playing the Orlando Magic like, like three or four years ago, maybe, probably three years ago. I said to the kid, look Ma You know after he beat the magic when I'm bring you in the locker room to meet Joelle, meet James, meet everybody. And the magic at that point sucked. They were like one of the worst teams in the NBA and of course we lost the magic. It was really embarrassing. So I went in the locker room, I said to Joe and James, I said, Hey, I'm bringing this kid from Make-A-Wish into the locker room. And they said like, we just lost against the magic. Don't bring a fucking person in the locker room. I said, no, I'm bringing him anyway. Of course I didn't listen, I brought this kid in the locker room. The team probably spent 45 minutes with this kid. And literally that night Joe hit me, James hit me, Tova Harris hit me Maxie.


But they're all like, yo, that that puts everything in his per perspective. Like seeing this kid listening to his story, right? You know like, man, that, that, that really like, thank you for doing that. We then called the CEO of Make-A-Wish and said we want to be the exclusive person to do all of your sports wishes. We love stuff like that. So again, for me, you have to do things that are authentic. Like I, we can't do a lot of things, but like You know when I get called a bad Jew, does it bother me a little bit? Yes. Because I think I'm doing everything that's comfortable for me. But I can also fight every fight. Like we spend a lot of time on probation and parole. We form, we spend a lot of time on Make A Wish and You know I work 17 hours a day at Fanatics, which is You know my part-time job. Do You miss owning the 76ers at all? Do you miss that job?


No. Or not? I'll tell you why. I think when I bought, when we did the Sixers deal in 2011, I was in a different part of my life. And I, think Fanatics was way less established. And I think we were a much smaller company. It really got, it went from in the early days helping the growth of fanatics and helping. It was kind of like a little bit of a business development platform. And then I learned so much from the Sixers. And I was able to really help in a meaningful way to as fanatics got a lot bigger. Now we have thousands of deals with individual athletes which are prohibited by all the leagues. We're now to in the betting business, which is prohibitive to take bets on your own team. It was really in the way of fanatics growth. And so selling the stake in the Sixers allowed me to just take fanatics to the next level.


And on top of that, I'll tell you, I don't think there could be a bigger opportunity for me in my life when I look at where fanatics is today. And I feel like I'm just getting started with it. And I. Look at like, I just watched the Nike movie like a year ago, Nike Air. And you look at that and you're like, he's 87 today. Okay, I'm gonna do this for the rest of my life. Like my opportunity is massive. And I have so much gratification and satisfaction of working around You know hundreds of millions of incredible sports fans, incredible athletes and You know to get to spend time with guys like you. It's like you just, it's such a fun job. I don't want anything to be in the way of it. And I also will tell you that my relationships with everyone is so much cleaner now because I think before I felt like guys who I was friends with would still look at me a little bit different.


Like You know book or Jason Tatum or they, they, these, they, when I owned the Sixers, I felt like there was just always a little bit, you you, hey it's my goal for the you the Sixers guy. Now it's kind of like everyone knows I'm just their guy. And You know we have an authentic relationship. And so, and and by the way, we do a lot of business with a lot of these guys too. You know they, they're significant partners. So it really cleaned up the relationship and it Does it ever, does it ever get to you when people say stuff like, 'cause you seem like such a nice guy that like, why are all these artists flinging to this white guy? Or like, why do they wanna support this white guy? Like, especially because they show up for you so much. Yeah, So I don't, I didn't even know that narrative till about a year ago. So I like, I I'd say in the LA the last year was an adjustment for me because I went from, I'd say, up until a year ago, it was all love to me all the time.


And then the White Party took on a life of its own fanatics got a lot bigger. We got in multiple businesses. And so then you had You know someone start that narrative on the bunny hops. You had someone start the narrative on Baby with the hugs. And so I then I start asking questions like, 'cause I was oblivious to it all right? Okay. And people, people told me that narrative. But out there, so I think what I always wanna do is be super aware and make sure that I'm always doing so much for everybody to make sure that like, they feel like the relationship is great for them. And so I'd say I'm more sensitive to make sure that no one, I, I don't want to ever do anything with somebody that's not great for them. I'd say I'm more sensitive to make sure I'm doing that today. Like someone just told me something a couple weeks ago, like, Hey, one person who doesn't like me, 'cause they don't get invited to the White.


Party is telling people, well, all these people perform for Michael. So I'm making sure like, Hey, I don't want you to perform unless you really want to perform. And by the way, I'm trying to, and I'm always trying to help you. There's so many business If, you think about it, like look at Jay-Z's an investor in fanatics. We own Fanatics Sports book together. We own Mitchell Nest together. You know. Look at Travis, we're doing the Colabs together. Look at Meek. He was an investor in Lids, by the way. Meek's single best investment in his life. You know, hope I won't get in trouble for saying this, but he put $200,000 in lids and got $8 million back. Wow. Okay. Go ahead. Meek. Shout out to Meek. Yeah, so, so like I always want my friends to do great and I'm always working to do things that are great for my friends. So does it bother me? Look, I am the most thick-skinned individual you'll meet.


I mean, I'm the most self-deprecating person. I love to make fun of myself. Like when I put out the baseball thing and show how uncoordinated I am and everyone makes fun of me. I think it's funny. Does it hurt me a little bit if it's hurting somebody else? Yes. That's what I'm aware of. I think like You know if something's, I want everything I do to be great for people. I don't ever wanna do anything but help people. You, I saw, I read somewhere that you were selling, you were trying to sell some, a stake in fanatics too. Completely made up. That wasn't true. Okay. NN not, but by the way, it's crazy now that I've learned about, and look, you guys deal with this. 'cause when you get more well known people just make nowadays, how many times has anyone ever said anything? Oh my god. About you. That's completely untrue. A million times. So, so somebody reaches out and says, Hey, we heard that you turned off your IPO, that you were gonna go public and you, you're now not going public.


And also that you're selling a billion dollars of STA in your company. So, well we've never even had a discussion about going public. Will we eventually go public? Most likely. Have we had one discussion with one bank about it? Not one. Okay. And by the way, we told him, we've had no discussion about going public. We've had no discussions about selling You know a billion dollar. It's just completely made up. You know what they said. But you just did the White Party great clip bait. We're running the story anyway. We gotta a source. Wow. Wow. Cool. You You know. Shout out to the New York Post who I generally love. Wow. They just ran the story. They Boat BS after they completely Made up after they asked And we told 'em it was completely untrue. One more thing I wanna talk to you about. Speak to us about the role Governor Shapiro played just, just in Pennsylvania.


Like I love all of the things that he's doing with probation reform and criminal justice reform. But a lot of that started because you, when he was ag got him on the meat case. Yeah, I, I like Governor Shapiro a lot by the way. So I love, so first of all, I hate politics. I don't ever wanna be involved in politics. And, I think it's just bad. Okay. 'cause generally politics can't get anything done and people just fight over everything. So I generally try to stay away from politics. That's it. I love Josh Shapiro. Okay. Josh Shapiro. I met when he was the county commissioner of the county I live in. And he was trying to get to me, I was trying to avoid him like the play. 'cause I don't wanna be around anyone in politics. And he's, I think I actually like wrote like a, I don't know, a $25,000 donation to not have to meet with him. Okay.


And then he asked my chief of staff could he have a meeting in my office one day. And he walked by me in the hallway and like started having a conversation. I'm like, oh, this guy's actually really smart. And so I've known him for a long time. Josh gets a hundred percent of the credit. I called Josh the day when Meek got sentenced to two to four years in prison. November, I think it was 12th of 2017. I called the governor of Pennsylvania. He was Attorney General of Pennsylvania and the mayor of Philadelphia. I thought this would be easy, by the way, getting a black person outta jail. That shit is not easy. Oh, you telling Michael? Yeah. Tell us more. That shit's not easy. Tell us, tell us other things we don't know. So, so I was saying that in a sarc way maybe, right. Delivery wasn't good.


But, so I caught him like guys, like he didn't do anything. He popped a wheel in a motorcycle. Like, you gotta gotta let him out. The governor's like, well I don't have the rights to let him out. The attorney generals like Josh originally said to me, don't get involved in this. This will be bad for you. And. I said, Josh, I love you. You're wrong. Okay. And by the way, If, you go back to November of 2017. Every single person I knew said, don't get involved in supporting me. The only people that stood up for him was Jay and Des and me. Everyone else said Stay the fuck away from the situation. It would be, and by the way, Sixers fans were canceling season tickets because of this. Wow. Okay. I was getting destroyed in November. That's so Crazy. 'cause it seemed like online, like the, the, the support was So big. Not in the first month or two. What happened was we hired like 30 investigators who actually went out and found out that the judge was crooked.


Okay. That actually the people that arrested him originally, he used to always say to me, Meek would always say to me, Michael, if a black man points a gun at a police officer, that's called suicide. Okay. And, I, And I never thought about it. 'cause he said it to me like he always wanted to prove to me that he never pointed the gun at people. I'm like, Meek, I don't like, I don't give a shit what you did when you were 19 years old. Who cares? You're a different person. And so anyway, we hired the investigators. Investigators proved, the first cop came forward and said, no, he never pointed the gun. The whole thing's a lie. We were stealing drug dealers money. It was like we were like training day. This cop told us, we said we signed an affidavit. He said, yes. That's ultimately how the ca the case got overturned. So Josh then turned and said, Michael, you were right. Get him outta prison. But when you get him outta prison, you have to make this about something much more than me.


So Josh gave us the original idea to start the reform lines. It didn't come from me. Wow. Didn't come from Jay, didn't come from Robert Craft didn't come from Meek, it came from Josh Shapiro. Okay. Now Josh said, you gotta, you gotta fix the probation post system. That's how we got the idea. And then obviously You know you're starting on a home plate when you start something with Jay-Z, Desiree Meek, Robert Kraft, myself. And it's a pretty good group of people to start something with. So it was very funded and You know a lot of strong personalities. Watching Josh's development has been amazing for me. I mean, watching him go from county commissioner to Attorney General to governor. I think in Pennsylvania, I'm told he has like the highest number. Like he has 61%, which I don't Think you have any cooperating, something like that. Right. Which you don't get that politics.


You're lucky to get You know 51%. Right. So he's incredibly, I think, supported in Pennsylvania. And, I think he's really capable. I mean, I'm almost relieved that they didn't pick him for vp. 'cause I'll have nothing to do with this election now. And had it been him, it's my guy. I would've had to support in a meaningful way just 'cause of my strong personal Affiliation. I was disappointed at first that he didn't get picked as the vp. But Tim Wall seems solid. Yeah. You know. And look, a lot of people say he didn't get picked because he was Jewish. And, I. Think that's You know. That's I think if that's really the reason that sucks. But You know what that means. We all just gotta bring people together. Like You know you guys have this amazing show. You know, I think one of the things you guys can do with the show is bring people together. Okay. I think that's one of my responsibility. Like I You know, look, I do have You know I suck at a lot of things.


I'm a decent leader, so I should help bring people together. So You know, to me, You know. I think You know. I don't think he wanted the, the gig. I think he feels like his job's not done in Pennsylvania. Well, I talked to him a couple nights before I was, I was in Europe and And I had a, had a long conversation with him. And I knew he was, I think he's a very, he believes he'll do the right thing for his country and he loves what he's doing in Pennsylvania. But if, if, if The World, if the country decided that, that he was the right person, I think he would've been comfortable to step up and do that. Gotcha. But I think he's, he's incredibly You know, excited about what he's gonna do in Pennsylvania. And You know for me, You know, I just have so much respect for him. Even though, again, I'll say this a hundred times, I hate politics.


So you think he didn't get it because he was Jewish? I mean, it's what people say. It's what people are saying to me. Yeah. He didn't say that to me. I like, I, again, I don't follow this stuff. Like, I'm not like You know. I'm someone who's born Jewish. I'm just not religious. I'm not embarrassed of that either. Like, You know. My my sister's actually a cantor in the Jewish religion. So you have me who's You know? Just she is A cancer, cancer cancer. Cancer. That means cancer. What is that? She's like a, she's like a Yeah, she sings on stage. Oh, oh, gotcha, gotcha, gotcha. You Gotcha you. Yeah. So, and she's very religious. I'm not religious at all. But what I like to do is like, again, learn from everybody around me. You know. I, I have heard that narrative a lot. And like, I hate this You know, we should get rid of all self-hate of all cultures. We should bring everyone together. Like we want the whole like, let's, let's flourish like America's look, I think America's the greatest country in the fucking planet.


Okay. And so we're all blessed to be here and we have so much opportunity. And did you ever dream that you'd be doing this 20 years ago? I mean, you, yes. Okay. Well you're doing amazing. You guys are all doing Amazing And you guys are gonna keep doing more. Amazing. That's right. You know when I came on the show with you on Comedy Central. Yeah, absolutely. It was like, this guy's built to do this and like, it's just so, like, we're also lucky in what we do. We just gotta bring everyone with us. I agree With The. World had your optimism. That's Right. Always. By the way, I wake up like that, go to bed like that. Never drank a sip of coffee in my life. Well, this weekend, see Fanatics fest, fanatics Fest. Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. How what at the times, what are the prices? How can people go buy tickets? You go to Fanatics Fest site general mission tickets, 50 bucks. That's what most people will buy. And come from open to close and just have the time of your life.


There's gonna be so many, so many fun things. 200 great athletes, so many great stunts, You know all the leagues activations. I wanna see you guys. Who's coming? You guys coming? Am I gonna be here this weekend? I won't be there Saturday, Friday. I'll come on. Im gonna try to bring my Sunday on Sunday. Yeah. I might pull up one day. Why not? I'm not a Really a sports person. Love to have, We'd love to have you guys, the artist You guys. It's gonna be a bar there. Like the White Party 40 40 popped up in the middle Of it. Oh yeah. I'm going. Okay. I'm in you. We'll get the three of you guys set for that. The Way anxiety be set up though, these, those type of much. Come on everybody. Put your hands in. We're going, let's, Let's go. Come on, come on, come on, come on. No, Soloman don't like people.


Yeah, I mean, I, he Actually does like people. He just tries to talk shit. He does like You know. He wouldn't do what he, he does You know. He, he, he does. He, I I couldn't do what he does if he didn't like people. Is it 13 hours long though? You never entered that one? Jesus. That One is 9:30 AM till 7:00 PM So it's actually like halftime. Okay. White. Party is a much bigger test to be resilience, but then we do this three days. Got you bro. No, we did do the pre party, the White. Party. I Pop out. I want you guys to Cam's popping out. Hold on. What are you wearing? Huh? I need you to come in a uniform. Let's go baby. I'm wearing whatever keeps you from hugging me from the back. Here we go. One more. Let's go get a picture. Let's go now. Is that uncomfortable? Oh, come on from the back.


Let's go. I had the chairs protection. Like a condom. Lets go. Yours look like it hurt Michael Rubin. Y'all. Lemme try. Lemme try. Lemme try. Lemme see. Let's go. Oh, okay. Let's give a no. Come on. Come on. There you go. There you go. What is this the dp? I mean, it's gonna be comfortable to Yourself. Yeah, I know. That's Right. All right. We just had a threesome up here. Michael Rubin. Let's go baby. Oh God. God. Watch you did. Ew. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


Guess what will, What's up Mango? I've been trying to write a promo for our podcast. Part-Time Genius. But even though we've done over 250 episodes, we don't really talk about murders or Cults. I mean, we did just cover the Illuminati of cheese. So I feel like that makes us pretty edgy. We also solve mysteries like how Chinese is your Chinese food and how do dollar stores make money? And then of course, can you game a dog show? So what you're saying is everyone should Be listening. Listen to Part-Time Genius on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


For 10 years, I've been obsessed with one of the most bizarre and audacious cons in rock and roll history. We were all facing 20 years and all that good stuff. The lead singer tried to pull off an English accent and they went on the road as the zombies. These guys are not gonna get away with it. The zombies are too popular. Listen to the true story of the fake zombies on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


In a world where TikTok didn't exist yet, the comedy of a Mexicano across Borders, the Heart of America, Sonoro iHeartPodcasts Network present. How did a Mexican writer become a symbol of global television? Listen to Na iHeartRadio, apple Podcasts, or wherever you stream podcasts


From iHeartPodcasts comes, does this murder make me look gay? 9 1 1. What's your emergency? Avante instead, Featuring the star studded talents of Michael Urie, Jonathan Freeman, Frankie Grande, Cheyenne Jackson, Robin De Jesus, and Kate McKinnon as Angela LANs Ferry, Lick 'em. Lick those toes. Listen to, does this murder make me look gay? As part of the Outspoken network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


Welcome to the Cino Show. I'm your host, Cino McFarland. I'm an addiction specialist. I'm a coach. I'm a translator, and I'm God's middleman. My job is to crack hearts and let the light in and help everyone shift the narrative. I wanna help you wake up And I, wanna help you get free. Most importantly, I don't want you to feel alone. Listen to the Cino show every Wednesday on iHeart radio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I.