
Hey, hey, gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist Baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on.


Now back to the Funk


Gear up for Outdoor Adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder, this mid-size SUVs designed for Epic Journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always wanted to. Traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. C Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Most deals are barely worth mentioning, but then there's at t's Best Deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six featuring Flex Cam With Galaxy ai, you can get in on them when you trading your eligible smartphone any year, any condition, it's a deal. So good, you'll be shouting from the rooftops. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on. At t. At t connecting changes everything requires trading of Galaxy, S note and Z Series Smartphone Limited Time offer 256 gigabytes for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions applies to att.com/ Samsung. Or visit an at t store for details.


Black Tech Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities. That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Wake That ass up early In the morning. The. Breakfast. Club. Morning. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The. Breakfast Club. Lauren Lar is filling in for Jess and we got a special guest in the building. Yes, indeed. We got ice with Zel. Welcome. What It do? What doing? How you feeling, brother? Man, I'm feeling well, brother. I'm feeling blessed. Take it one day at a time. Damn. Turn the headlights off in, down That chain. Turn the headlights down. Lord have Mercy. You rich over there, man. He he doing that. He trolling right now because he know he could buy this shit 50 times. No, Can't. That's nice though. That's a beautiful chain. Six miles is what's on it. You know some, it's funny, somebody called in earlier today. Remember the young girl said she had a lemonade stand that she was opening up on Six Mile.


Oh, she Did? Oh yeah. Yeah, she Did. I Didn't catch it. I mean I already the lemonade example, but I didn't catch With Detroit. Yeah, she, it was a six Mile in Detroit. She was opening up a lemonade, a little girl. I think she was like 13. She just going pull up on the corner in front of the McDonald's or front of one of 'em. One, it was two spots. One was McDonald's and it was the second one. Yeah, She had two Lemonade stands in Detroit. So she was on West side then. Oh, she on the west side? Yeah, she on the west side. Yeah. You know we on, on the east side, we Hear people from Detroit talk about the miles. But what does that mean to you? Like when you say six Mile and you go get it on the chain like that? Like what does that Mean? So six, six miles my hood like, like high in New York, y'all got like hundred 45th and all that type. Right, right. Whoa. So ours just run by the Mile. It is literally a Mile, a Mile long with a radiance for the, for the hood, but it run east to west. Oh. You.


know what I'm saying? So it's my hood, like M rep, he claimed eight Mile, but m from the sixth too. He from six Mile, he grew Up on Bradford. He Bradford and Dresner Dre. Yeah, G grew up on Dresden. Did he move over there to eight Mile or did his grandmama live on eight Mile? I believe. I believe he moved over there eventually. I think Holmes went to Osborne. That's the high school I went to. Yeah. That's on seven Mile. I Seem like Detroit artists are, are, are not beefing as much. And I love to see it in the city. I'm seeing more and more artists out together. So what does that mean for the city? So this how it really is, right? We be having, we be having our little disputes and shit. You know certain people don't rock with certain people. That's just how it go. But we take pride in not bringing it to the internet and not letting the rest of The World know that because it ain't the rest of The World business.


We try to figure out how can we diffuse the situation or how can we control the situation and and hash it out if it's possible to hash out. If it ain't possible to hash out, then it's like y'all just go y'all own way as much as possible. When we out of town, niggas just don't speak to each other. Y'all in the same club. Y'all ain't gotta holler, but don't, we ain't gonna embarrass our You. know what I mean? We gonna move like we, we, we respect ourselves. You know we on a mission. This the first time we ever was able to get in any type of position, pause like You, know what I'm saying? Like the very first time. So we can't, we can't mess this opportunity up for nothing in The, World, And, I feel like don't nobody want to be that guy You know what I mean? Nobody want to be that guy that, that that start fucking up what we got going on.


So I don't, I I it's not the rest of The World business what, what we got going on. But it's definitely like that ain't no city perfect You know what I mean? How Is that code of conduct established? Like, like, like, like what does a memo go out in the street? No, it's like, it's just like a unwritten rule You know what I'm saying? And, and like I say again, it is just, it's just more so about everybody not wanting to be that guy that, that that messed that up. Everybody see how we moving Everybody know who rock with who, who don't rock with each other, but they know homes them out of town. They, they they keeping it moving You. know what I'm saying? So yeah, that's just what it is. Like a unreal rule. But we take pride in that and we do know that that's what we do. So we going continue to do that as much as we can. Your, we can't mess the position up your Love for the city and where you're from.


Is that what made you be open to like, I know you had the words for Eminem and then y'all met up at the 50 cent tour and that kind of changed. Is that what made you be open to stuff like that to kind of show that publicly as well? Yeah, You know. I ain't never wanted to like speak against him publicly ever, but I just couldn't contain my, my thoughts and how I felt. I feel like I do so much for my city. I do so much for the community that I grew up in that he grew up in, that a lot of people grew up in and that support don't be there from, from You know certain artists, especially people like, like M Holmes is a, is a mega star You. know what I'm saying? So biggest rapper Up If you really wanna be taking Yeah, like in real life You know what I mean? And I know what them kids get outta seeing me and peasy seeing me and Doug and Ada and, and Skiller.


I know what they get outta seeing us being able to talk to them, being able to You know whatever, whatever the case may be. I know the type of motivation that come from that And I just felt like, damn can I, I felt like Holmes, I wish Holmes would've did that with us. You know And I don't want to say he ain't, that's why I ain't never been been a guy that be like, yeah, M ain't dead nothing. Or put try to put nobody on from the city for one. He don't owe nobody nothing. Absolutely nothing at all. And respectfully, he did do what he need to do. He did that for his era. You know when m was our age, he brought if if if, if it wasn't for m then it wouldn't be no proof, it wouldn't be a D 12, it wouldn't be a race five nine. So the proof is there. He did what he had to do. But You know, we, we just admire everything about m so much and he inspired us so much.


I just, I think we would've appreciate it more if we could met him early on and got some knowledge, got some game, got some type of insight. You know, I, I don't understand how I met and locked in with 50 cent who was from Queens before I met Eminem You. know what I mean? And how did Y'all meet on that tour? Did y'all he approach you, you approach him or, or how was that conversation? We literally Like bumped into each other. Yeah. Yeah. We bumped into each other. But it is all good. Well, You and him or you on fifth? Me and him. You And. I, okay. Yeah, yeah. I I I rap with 50 Long Way Holmes. He, he a real one, Bro. What'd he say to you when he bumped in? Like, I, I know it had to be awkward at first because it wasn't like a meeting. It was like, oh, we in the hall, this might, this might be a problem. Definitely. It was mad awkward You.


know what I'm saying? But we, we just You know, Hey bro, it's all love. I respect you, bro. Ain't nothing like that. I feel how I feel You know what I mean? W wha he like, man, I see what you doing. Da da. We kept it moving bro. M don't owe nobody nothing, man. We got Lee gonna leave him alone, man. You know. What did you think about skill of baby comments when he said most, I guess he said most people, I dunno if he said most people from Detroit, most people from his generation that Detroit wouldn't consider Eminem the goat. I didn't, when I heard it, I understood what he was saying. He younger, he You Know that, that that's, that's that's true. Yeah. That's just how it is. Ain't know. Why should that be a problem? You know, consider him If. you young. They ain't, they ain't listening to that You, know what I mean? They listen to, to most street artists in Detroit.


That ain't, that ain't, that just ain't the wave. It wasn't a wave when I was, when I was like super young and all that. We was listening to the Street Lords and the Cheddar Boys and Ma West and e Lodge boys. Like we always like street artists and street music. Like we wasn't, we wasn't rocking to that. That just ain't it. M got a fan base. You know, he, he got his fan base, he got people that like that kind of music and the, the music that he make it, it is a way bigger audience to it. So if I was MI wouldn't even care if, if a certain audience, audience don't listen to me anyway. 'cause I got a way bigger audience. But it was true as Skilla said, I don't know. He got some flack for that too. Didn't, yeah, yeah, he did. Yeah. I don't understand that though. It was just true shit. That's what it is. Well, if you're not from Detroit, you probably don't understand.


I I can totally understand being a young dude from the street in Detroit and I'm not riding around in Slim Shady, Put it like this. Right? That's not a dis it's just Is the youngest, is the young youngest in New York listening to Jay-Z? Probably not. Probably not. No. Same scenario. It's the same, Same songs I'm sure. But You know. But I doubt that, to be honest with you. Yeah, They, I mean they had an argument all the time with the future Jay-Z conversation with futures. Like, I'm in the streets. He's not like, I'm like, people gonna play future Versus new generation. I get it. It's a, it is a generational gap. You know what I'm saying? It is all good. Yeah. The youngest don them youngest in Detroit don't really understand Jay-Z like they don't get it. Don't care about that music either. Damn. Well, congratulations on your record.


Just recently went gold. Yeah, I appreciate that bro. Up to scope. Our first goal on the independent side, you heard, How does that feel? Because you, you so independent how that feel? It look like that chain, that money look like we had that before the the chain, but how did that feel to go gold Independent that it's a lot different because you spending your own money? Nah, for Sure. You know obviously going gold the platinum, it's a trophy You know what I mean? That's what we want. That's what we grind for. But to get it independent, it definitely, it just re it restarted that fire up You know what I'm saying? Remotivate me and just keep me energized, brother. Like I, I really appreciate that You know that's something I, I I always wanted, I wanted to go, I wanted to get that for us, going gold to platinum. It's like winning a chip in the NBA You, know what I'm saying?


Or winning a Super Bowl. So yeah, it made me definitely wanna stay independent though. Does the money really look that much different? Money, good money cool. Yeah. Yeah. I be saving my money up though, man. I don't, I don't fuck my money up. Oh yeah. You, You be investing back in Detroit? Yeah, I own a juice bar in Detroit, Michigan. I got it with my wife. It was something that she believed in. It was her vision, something she had a real passion for dope. I didn't understand it at first, but I had to do it because she sat with me while I chased my dream. She gave me money and let me fuck all her cards up and all that. So I had to rock with her and she made me a believer. 'cause that business is a wonderful business. You know. And we in Troy, Michigan.


Yep. So, and Troy, How far, how far is that from Detroit? It, it ain't that far, but I say that with Pride because Troy is is like being in, in, in Manhattan. Like what's the best part of Manhattan Times Square? No, Probably roll 'em stores are where? On Fifth Avenue? Fifth Avenue. Fifth Avenue. Fifth Avenue. Fifth Avenue. That's equivalent to A-A-A-A-A dude from the streets. A black dude having a store on Fifth Ave. Wow. You Know. So they usually don't let you in there. They usually ban us out rules and regulations, but you guys are successful at, which is dope. And we got in there and they let us. So I take pride in that. You Mean take care of yourself? Can you say the juice box? So physically, mentally, you taking care of yourself? Yeah, for the most part. I try to, my kids keep me grounded.


You know, we, we, we are humans. We go through shit. We deal with mental shit and all that. But You know, I I, I stay 10 toes down. I keep my chin up. Everybody deal with shit You. know what I mean? Right. But yeah, I pray a lot. So I think that helped me You know what I mean? Now you've been very vocal about politics, especially since the DNCs town. Yeah. Why, why do you wish you did that? Do you wish you just should have said You know, I just shut my ass up. No, I don't. You Don't care? No, I don't. I don't care. The problem is right. So Why did everybody think he was endorsing Trump though? Because he took the picture. Because I took a picture. Okay. And that's where I was getting at. Right. We gotta do better with, with, with making assumptions. You know, we gotta get, we gotta get better just overall. Right.


I I underestimated the, the the amount of people who, who can think further basically. Right, right. I posted a picture. I did not say, Hey, I'm supporting Donald Trump for president. I believe in his brother. I think he can save me. I didn't say none of that shit. I posted a picture and said, yeah, I feel the first way to change is being able to have a conversation. And everybody took that as, as I supported Trump, somebody dmd me going crazy, cussing me out. I said, all right, I'll give you a hundred thousand dollars If. you can tell me what this conversation, what what was said in this conversation. How I'm gonna tell you what's in a conversation. Just a picture. Exactly, sister. So why would you go that far?


Like this, this is a picture. Don't draw conclusions. Have a conversation with me. Ask me, Hey Zo, I don't, I don't like that you took a picture with Trump, but what went on? Why did you take this picture? What was your intentions? What was the end game for this You know? So that's The first thing I did when I saw the picture. I, I I I hit up Chanel. Yeah. You know. I didn't, I don't care whether you take the picture or not. I just wanna know what If you are in supporting and what you weren't. Yeah. I just wanted to know what, what was the allure? That's All. Yeah. I, I believe in, in letting everybody talk You know if I go to A-A-A-A-A supermarket and they having like a, a farmer's market situation, right. And everybody got a pitch for their product. I want to hear every single pitch.


I agree. You cannot just hear one side of anything and run with that and make a, and make a decision based off of one side ideas. You know, I don't believe in everything. I don't like the way the Democrats are. I don't, I I just don't. And not them as a, as a, not them individually, but more so as a whole. You know a party. Yeah. Yeah. As a party. I don't, I don't like it. I don't like the pandering. I feel like it's extremely disrespectful. I think they intellectually manipulate us with, with, with strong words. Like, like racism, stuff like that. I just want to be told the truth. I want to deal with people to where what you see is what you get.


You know. I want to know who you are on and off camera. So what was the conversation like? What, what did y'all speak about? If, you don't mind Sharing? We actually didn't have a chance to speak about much at all. It, it didn't, it didn't go the way I thought it would go. You know, but we did have a small conversation. I asked him, I just straight up asked, do you have a problem with, with black people? He said, no. Why would I, why would I have a problem with black people? I said, well, it come off that way. You know. And he, he said something that I, that I also believe in as well. Well, you shouldn't listen to people continue to do your own research. You know and we can have a conversation later. Conversation didn't come. Do I think Trump is racist? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know how, how would I, how, how would I know?


How do any of us know if the man is racist? We can't, I don't want to go off of what somebody is telling me. You know. Because every time I was told anyone said something or done something, And I went and did the research myself. It was taken outta context or it wasn't that You. know what I mean? So, yeah. But didn't, didn't he reach out to y'all? Yeah. And RFK prior to that RFK reached out to y'all too, right? Yeah, absolutely. And you met with RFK. Yep. And y'all took a picture Together. And I wanted to meet with Biden as well, but They wouldn't take the meeting from what I heard. Yeah. They wouldn't take the meeting. Yeah. So I can't control who want to come to the hood. You know. I respect that part. Yeah. It don't matter who Is went to. They went to, they went to the naacp I believe, when they came to Detroit. Yeah. If, you care about us, care enough to come and talk to us.


Absolutely. You cannot have a problem with something. I do. But you don't have a a a you don't have nothing to replace those actions or that decision. You know it if I'm by and it's like, all right, I don't like that. We don't like that. He, he going into the hood and talking to these guys. Let me go to the hood and talk to these guys. You know, come show up. Come come say something different. Tell us who you are. Come come. You parented to us in every other way. So come speak to us intellectually. Have a real conversation with us. Did you, go ahead. No, no, no. Go ahead. Did You at all feel slighted when the conversation, you said it didn't go the way you thought it would? Yeah. Like what does that mean? And did you feel slighted by that? Because you Said you didn't like, I didn't feel lighted. I didn't even, I just didn't care. It didn't matter to me. It, when I say it didn't go the way I thought it would, it wasn't a communication thing.


It was just fast. It, it, it, it just went real fast. It was a fast movement. You know. So that's all that was. Basically. I just appreciate that Holmes came to the trenches and that he talked to us. You know I didn't get nothing out of it, but, got you. He talked to us. Yeah. And Michigan is a big battleground state. I don't think no more. I think right now it seemed like Michigan leaning more towards the left You know. I don't know kind Kamala in there. But prior to Kamela, right? Kamala. Kamala. Kamala. Kamala. Yeah. Vice President. Kamala Harris. Kamala Harris. Oh, it's Kamala, Kamala, Kamala, KA, JC All types name. I heard Kamala I heard Too. Kamala. Kamala. Kamala. It's Kamala, Kamala Harris. Vice President Kamala Harris.


Yep. Soon as Vice President Kamala joined the race, I feel that Michigan started leaning more towards the left for You know Michigan always been a battleground state. Prior to her running. It was, it was a done deal. It was so, it was, Trump was gonna win that joint You. know what I mean? But now she got it. And it's, it's the opposite. You rock with Gretchen, big Gretchen Whitman. I rock with Big Re Yeah, I rock with all, what is It I like, I like Governor Whitman too. I read her book and that's why I like her. And we had her up here and we had a conversation with her. I think she's dope. She is. But I've never seen a governor have that kind of love from a state. Yeah. What is it about Gretchen Whitmer that makes people love her so much? 'cause she don't push an agenda. She put right or wrong.


Mm. She not pushing a party. She put policy You, know what I mean? She don't parent it to us. She don't do any of that. Gretchen come off more so like an independent You. know what I mean? And it ain't about nothing else for her except You know, moving us forward. 'cause if it was about anything else, then she would've happily accepted the Democrat nomination to run for president. I honestly respect all the Democrats in, in Michigan and Detroit, period. The Detroit Democrats, they move like, like, like real people. You know. They put, they put our interest first. When I say our interest, I mean the state of Michigan and the city of Detroit overall, You know. They, they put it, they put everything we we want and what we want to do first.


They listen to everybody. They talk to everybody. And all the Democrats in Michigan, they know how to take criticism. They don't take criticism as some type of insult You. know what I mean? So yeah, I respect them. I got real respect for Gretchen. Have you spoken to her? I don't believe I ever met Gretchen though. Got you. Got you got. Yeah. Nice. Met her. So since all of the, the fallout from the photo and all that stuff, you mentioned that things kind of changed in Michigan. Biden stepped down, Kamala stepped up. How do you feel now about the Democrats? Has that changed for you or are you still trying to I still feel the same about Democrats, but again, like it is more so individual. You know individuals. You know, obviously Kamala, she a a a a black woman, right?


She black. She black, right? Yeah, she black. She a black woman. I'm one of those guys where it's like, You know I gotta ride with you right or wrong You know what I mean? I don't believe I heard anything from her as far as any policies and all that. But You know, while when Biden was running, I was willing to, to accept whatever flaws Trump had to You know to not have Biden as our president. And I feel the same about Kamala You know she's willing to rock with her. Right or wrong You know and whatever, whatever she is or whatever, she ain't, I'm gonna find out after she elected. So you all gonna vote?


I gotta vote. Got you. Got absolutely gotta vote. Yeah. You know who you voting for yet. I know, I don't want to say this the wrong way, right? Because I, I speak up against this You. know what I mean? Just being, just voting blindly and, and, and being a fool. And You know, thinking. I like thinking intellectually. I don't like thinking emotionally And I feel like we as black people, we, we think emotionally we try to find a candidate in, in every area. Someone that we got an emotional connection with. And. I feel like a President's position is bigger than having an emotional connection with you.


Not Supposed to fall in love With him. We don't need to fall in love with him. You know, the president of of the United States, the president of America is the boss. You don't have to love your boss. You know I have, I had a few jobs in my life. I don't think I ever liked any of my bosses, but it wasn't about that. I didn't need to like them. I'm big on policies. I'm big on telling the truth and, and keep it in a hundred You know. But again, I'm one of them guys that I, I ride right or wrong. And then And I want our vote to be respected. And I. Think the only way our vote will be respected is if we all figure out how to vote The same way You know. Because if we show some type of pattern in the way we vote, then I, I don't think we have to worry about the pandering as much.


Meaning You know. If we all over the place with who we vote for, then our vote still not gonna respect it. But if they can see us all vote for one person, then it's like, all right, they coming.


Hey, hey, gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night. The Million Dollar Hikes baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on. Now back to the funk.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight, an available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus, with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds in an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes, you can take your favorite toys while venturing on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo


NFL week one. It is finally here. And a new season means new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL. Are you ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking a player to score a touchdown. Let's go. Score big with DraftKings. Sportsbook the best place to bet touchdowns. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app. Use the code Bobby Sports. Put in the code Bobby Sports and get $250 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks. You heard that right? And get one month of NFL plus premium on DraftKings. That's right. DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 And Connecticut helps available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void. New Hampshire, Oregon, and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dkg.co/ft ball. NFL plus premium offer available only to new and former NFL plus subscribers. Additional NFL plus premium terms at nfl.com/terms


Together somehow some way. Right Now you said you're big on policy. What, what policies or or near and dear to your heart, the, the biggest thing that you wanna see outta any candidate? Like what's near and dear? Like this is what I'm, I'm more focused on. I, I would say our border, I don't think it's near and dear to my heart, but I think the border is important. I would like to see our border back in control. How is that, how is that messed up Michigan? It hasn't messed up Michigan. Okay. But it affect other people. I care about everybody. Right, right, right. From what I know, I don't, it hasn't personally affected Michigan at all, to be honest with you. Don't, don't nothing that any of the candidates do. I don't think it would affect me.


You, you envy. I don't think it would affect none of us. But we can't only just think for ourselves. We gotta try to think for everybody. I think if we, if we voting for which we are, we voting for Kamala, right? I don't think we should pander to each other. I think we should keep it a hundred and say, listen, I don't know all the facts. She, I don't know what she gonna do. I don't know what she has done, but we just going to do it. You know. Just say that. But don't, alright If, you look at this, right? This is this And she actually didn't do this. She it, it was this way. Like don't lie to me. Don't try to convince me. Don't parent it to me. Don't take advantage of me mentally. Just tell the truth. I don't know. Yeah. But I'm voting for her because she black.


If y'all want me to vote for her 'cause she black, just say it. I'm not, I'm do it. Like, just say I'm definitely not voting for her. 'cause she black. I'm voting for her because I like her message of rebuilding the middle class. I like her message of You know saying, I feel like You know everybody should have the opportunity to own a small business. Have the opportunity to own a home. You know, putting more money back in the working class people's pockets. That's why I'm supporting. Yeah. Yeah. And I like her stance on mental health. And I, like that she's been a leader in maternal health. Like I'm not, I'm not, I'm I'm way past voting people 'cause they black. 'cause they black 'cause all skin folk pimp. So do you think we got, do you think we got deserved? You think we deserve to be able to ask questions? Absolutely. Absolutely. We a hundred percent. I said that on Twitter.


I said I had, I want to ask some questions and, and they got, everybody got mad. It's like, it's like you don't, you don't get to ask questions without getting dragged and You know. Now Meek said the same thing. Meek was like, I got some questions I wanna ask, Ask questions. All of them. Yeah. You should be able to ask whatever question you, but they talked about Meek real bad. You Right. And all the dude, all the brother said is he just got questions. Like, it's like we not allowed to question nothing. We, we, we not allowed to. We not allowed, we're not allowed to educate ourselves. Not Only should you ask Questions to accept everything. Nope. Not only should you ask questions, like you said, they should pull up to the trenches and have these conversations because We gotta learn how to agree to disagree. That's right. You know. We gotta learn how to provide different ideas and different mindsets. If we all did the exact same thing, we ate the same, dressed the same, looked the same, thought the same had the same children, wives and husbands like, what, what would The World be Then You know.


I think that's what create a great company. A guy that got a a, a Fortune 500 company. He went and hired different people with different ideas that could bring different things to the table. But I do got some questions. Right? And, I feel like you like mad educated. What was her position as vice president? What, what have she done? Oh, A lot of things. I mean She about a thousand days, over a thousand Days, she was a leader in maternal health. You know when it comes to mental health, she gave 280, 80 $5 million to mental health prof to increase the number of mental health professionals in schools. Where is the mental health professionals at? Where they At? Yeah. Because Well, oh, I know, I know. In North, How are we getting access to them? You know, I bro, I got so many little homies in the, in the city, just in mind hood alone that don't have access to nothing.


No type of mental health to free therapy and stuff like that. Anything they don't have no access to that You know we pulling up to the trenches. We, we we talking to them You. know what I'm saying? I feel like that about the, that's representative. That's great question. I feel like that about the representative of my neighborhood. I just did a a a I do a picnic every single year. Me and my big homie d Dawson, it's called the six Nick. We give away clothes, shoes, we got free everything. Just a whole day of fun. I've literally, not only that, right? Of course we do the book bag stuff. We do the Thanksgiving, we do full blown mental health events and all this. I have absolutely never seen the pers I don't even know, I don't even know this guy name the local representative.


I've never seen them And, I feel like I'm being taken advantage of. I feel like I'm doing some, I'm doing a job and somebody else is getting paid for it. I feel like I'm doing this brother job, but he receiving the finances for this. I've never seen him You know. And if somebody was to challenge him and say, what have you done? I'm sure he got a long list of, of big words that he can say, well, we did the developing characteristics, we did the money. Every, every three months you get 6,000. When you buy the first home, you get 2% off. The 3% with the 5% don't equal. He's going to have a list of things and a bunch of big words. But it's still not answering the question. And I'm, when I say answer the question, answering the question with actions.


Right. You know, not just, not just big words and paragraphs. So that's what I mean by like what have what Have another thing. I I like that You know I'm voting For her 'cause she black. I'm saying No, no, No. I am but I'm giving you, I'm giving you some reasons though that like a capping the insulin at $35. That's something that directly impacts people that we know in the hood. But, But, but all right. I probably know one person that that got diabetes. So like when I ask these questions, I'm asking, I'm in the trenches. They need help. A lot of their grand. I'm sure I'm Dying by Grandmothers and parents that, that you're speaking of. I'm, I'm sure a lot of them Got diabetes. No, for sure. They, they, they probably do And I think capping insulin at $35 support.


Yeah. But realistically, right. Me being able to buy extra egg or two You know when I was a child, I don't think that ever benefited my mind to be able to buy extra two eggs to get another carton. The milk. Like, I feel like that's, that's, that's planned. That's like pea There's Like bigger everyday issues that you gotta get through before you can't even go to the grocery store to get the bigger, I get what you're Saying before we even even get to the grocery store. 35 Cap on a 35 cap on insulin helps a Lot. It does help a lot. No, I think it, I I I'm not saying it don't help. Right? Yeah. I'm saying And even what you're saying, I understand what you're saying too, guys about seeing things in your own You know backyard. 'cause like yeah, in North Carolina, I know that You know they gave tens of millions of dollars to historically undeserved, underserved entrepreneurs as part of the American rescue plan.


So like there was a bunch of small businesses that got a bunch of money in North Carolina. I know that 'cause I'm from South Carolina. Yeah. You know. So it's like things like that I pay, I paid attention to. So when I hear her talk about what she wants to do with the economy, what she wants to do in regards You know the mental health, rebuilding the middle class. I've seen her do those things. But they're quiet 'cause she's vice president. Yeah. They quiet. They quiet, they real quiet. And I. I'm just going off of her actions and what I, what I see what actually benefit. Nothing has changed and nothing, absolutely nothing has changed in the trenches. When I tell you nothing, I mean nothing for over a thousand days. Nothing has changed You know what I mean? However many days You know they was. And, and listen, And I want people to understand this.


Right. My questions for Kamala is not me defendant her opposing par, the opposing party or or her or her opponent. My questions are for her. So I feel like that's gaslighting. If I ask a question about Kamala and somebody say, but what have Trump did? I'm not talking, I'm not asking about Trump If. you plan on Voting for her. I wanna Vote, vote for this woman. Exactly. So I got questions about her, her right. I get it. Why, why, why is we bringing up Donald Trump? You know I'm asking about Kamala. You gonna ask questions about the car you buying? Absolutely Right. If you on the dealership. I want If you plan on buying that car, you gonna ask every single Question you want. So how do want, so it make sense If, if I go ask about a a a a Mercedes and they, and I'm like, well, what, why do these Mercedes tires look like that?


Well, you should see the Ford Tire, Right? Why is that? How is that beneficial? So I want us as a community to stop gaslighting each other. Stop trying to tear each other down. When we got questions If you feel I'm wrong about anything? Then respectfully come with proof to educate me about something that don't mean I'm a fool. That don't mean I'm dumb. That don't mean I'm crazy. I can't think for myself, I'm a coon, I'm this, that and the third. We gotta learn how to respectfully disagree that used to exist. That's and just because the rest of The World may not know how to do that. We gotta learn how to do that. That as a culture, as black people, we gotta go out and show them folks just like it. Go back to that question about the Detroit artists not exposing who, like who in front of The World.


That's, it's equivalent to that. Let's be able to show The World. All right? While everybody else arguing and going at each other and, and disrespecting each other's kids and livelihood and pride and all that because they don't agree with them. Why we gotta do that? When did we become that? When you can agree and disagree across the table. I think it like you kind of educate yourself a bit. 'cause you wanna understand where they're coming from. Even If, you don't agree? Yeah. And I know it was a really big public thing. You and Amanda Seals got into it. Yeah. And then you came back around and you decided to change how you felt about that. That was a green Disagree point. I'm not, I don't wanna disrespect that black woman publicly. I feel like that was some lame shit. IIII felt the need to defend myself.


And I don't need to do that. I don't think with pride, pride coming before the fall. And she's a woman. However she feels, she feels, I gave her the same energy that she gave me. She didn't agree with me. So she attacked my character and she literally never met me. I don't know her, right? We had conversations through the dm, but she come out the, out the gate shooting and, and calling me names and all of this stuff. So I said something about something that she did, which I think was corny. I shouldn't have did that. That's, that's a woman. Because other people gonna see that. And they don't need to see another black man tearing another black woman down. She not running for president. So I don't what she doing. Life ain't, I don't care. I actually care about what Kamala do.


And I don't know what she has done. And I wanna know, I wanna know something that we've benefited from You know, I, I'm an experienced guy. I go based off experience. So I don't need nobody to tell me what, what, what her presidency would be like because I've experienced it pretty much And, I want black people to understand, right? We have to ask these questions because we not just voting for Kamala. Like if, if, if anybody really think that's who about to run the country, whether it's her or it's Trump or it's Robert Kennedy Jr. Like come on, we gotta wake up. We are voting for an administration and outside of that administration we voting for pac. We voting for a lot, we voting for folks.


We never going to see, we never going to see You know. So outside of what, what, what, what she will do. We gotta ask, all right, well what won't you do? Meaning I might not like this Pac right here. Or I might not like these people right here. Can you promise me you not going to push they agenda as well? You're not going to You know do favors for them because we don't benefit off off those favors. They benefit off them favors. They families benefit off them favors. We don't, I don't, I don't think we need to go to world. We fighting three proxy wars right now. It don't make sense. We doing that with taxpayers money. I I I don't feel it's fair. I think we should have say so when we go to war and who we decide to go to war for or who he decided to go to war with.


You know the war might be justified, but do it benefit American households? And, I don't think we need to do that. So I just want black people to wake up and understand we not just voting for one person, we voting for the scene and the unseen. And it's up to you to do independent research to figure out what that unseen is. And the best way to do that is have a conversation with somebody You know does not share the same views as you. 'cause y'all will be able to educate each other, but the conversation won't get nowhere. If I'm calling you dumb, crazy, stupid, you just a rapper. You don't know nothing. Imagine taking political advice from, from, from Zo and Meek Mill.


That's not the way to, that's not the way to conversate. We gotta do better. So yeah, I'm, I'm gonna vote for her 'cause she black. 'cause that's what I'm supposed to do. Stop saying that Welcome to, that's, I want you, but I want you, I want you to at least have issues that You know why you I got Real issues but I'm not allowed to speak on 'em because my, my people gonna drag me. Oh, gotcha. They Gonna call me names. They, they Gonna disrespect me. They gonna You know people that never met me. Gonna say what's in my heart, what's not in my heart. You know they, they gonna do that. I'm not allowed to ask questions. I just don't want, I just don't want, you got certain people on the right that'll use that against her. See they only voting for her 'cause she black. She don't got no Policy. And then it's up to them people to go and look at the full context. Let's bring back critical thinking. Let's do that. I agree with that.


Look at the full context. So I would love for some or or on the left or the right. I'm not with a party. I'm with Black Americans. That's feel with people. I'm not with a party. I'm not pushing anybody's agenda. So if somebody take that, I'm gonna say it again for you. I'm voting for her because she black. Because that's what I supposed to do. That's what I'm told. I'm not gonna ask no questions 'cause I'm not allowed to ask questions. I'm not gonna question her because who am I to question her? I'm not gonna ask what has she done as vice president? 'cause I don't supposed to ask that. I'm not gonna ask her what's the plans for her future presidency if she wins. I'm not allowed to ask that. I'm not allowed to ask about her policies. I'm not allowed to question or these, the concerts and all of that.


Like, I'm not allowed to not like the pandering. I'm not allowed to do that because I supposed to be a be a good old boy and, and follow the, and follow and we gotta follow each other. Fall in line, not in law. I gotta Fall in line like a good old boy. So I'm voting for her 'cause she black. That's what y'all want. That's what I'm doing now. And somebody take this outta context, right? I want them to do that because that's gonna pull my point Because guess what I'm gonna do drinking over it. My manager lose. But, but guess what I'm gonna do? We gonna post a full context Back what you saying? Okay. And it's up to y'all black people to to to speak up for me and say that's not what he said. Go look at the full context. Let's see if we can do that.


I get exactly What doing's Bring critical thinking back. Critical thinking. Now the reason You here is you are on tour right now. Yes, absolutely. Welcome to our, He know what he be doing when he do that. He On tour. Now. Talk about that tour. This is, this is your own tour? Yeah, this is my first tour. I ain't never been on tour. This is my first tour ever. Wow. I I independently absolutely never been on tour. Yep. Doing it independently. Me and my brother Peasy. That's my twin right there. You know we from the same hood, same part, all that You. know what I mean? So yeah. What Did that mean for y'all to be on tour together? It mean a lot because we started, we started together. You know and we obviously went two separate paths and then we came right back together.


You know. So it just show we were able to to to make a lot of money and, and, and stay the same You know. It showed, we proved to ourselves when big me said it'll never happen again. Well, it just happened. You know. So yeah, that mean a lot to me. The tour is out right now. How can people get tickets? And. I. Also, I wanted to ask now one time, I think you were like the outcast of Detroit, but it seems like the love is coming back. Yeah, I was the outcast. I I missed out on record deals. I was banned from the radio stations concerts. I was banned from concerts. I couldn't go to no venues. I they won concert. They ain't want you to perform. And I. And I forced it on my set. Yep. Yeah. Why, Who you beat up be? This is a long story. Who got shot And they was mad.


They never booked me again, by the way. I just wanna let You know. Hell, they never booked me again. They never booked. Nah. That's crazy. I a show, we did a concert in Detroit. I was hosting and Zel wasn't invited. It was all a bunch of Detroit artists. So I had a set. So Zel Wass my guy. I said, have the mic right there. We gonna play your record. Do what you gotta do. Dang. He did too, bro. I ain't gonna lie. I remember. Yeah, of course. All that matter. Of course, Bro really did that too, bro. That's I appreciate that You know. Yeah, they, I was banned from everything. Now I'm back. I'm back. It is love Bro. Can they get tickets? I'm, I'm listen, I'm terrible 'cause I'm ghetto. 'cause guess what? Linking my bio. Linking The bio. She said, she said before you even go there, sell Tickets.


The Link in. Yeah, no, the link in my bio. Y'all. Come on. We gonna, let's get this. Y'all know what we doing now? Y'all know the link in that bio. It starts September 12th in la Bringing, we we coming to ghetto near you. We bringing the trend outlets and check this out, right? I'm bringing my food truck, I'm bringing merch. I'm bringing everything. I'm bringing You. know what I mean? Bringing all the guys. We're bringing Studio, studio equipment. We're bringing the cameras. You wanna do a verse? You wanna shoot a video? We doing that? You want some merch? We got that. You hungry? We got a food truck outside. We thugging it out. We master p with this shit. Word. Yeah. We on all that, November 29th is the Detroit the Detroit date. That's fine. November 29th, y'all. Yep. Y'all grab them tickets though. For real though. This is my first tour. Welcome to our outside tour.


Welcome to our side. All right, well we appreciate you for joining us. Always My brother. Appreciate y'all brother. Hey, live from the sixth two coming soon. November 20th. Y'all get ready? Let's get it. Turn up. It's ice wear. Zo. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Wake that ass Up Early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club. Hey, hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist Baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson.


Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on now, back to the Funk.