
Black Tech Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities.


That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


Gear up for outdoor adventures with a 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-Wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


What does a therapist do when her family is the one who needs a little help? Seek therapy. Of course, don't miss the new season of the Hulu Comedy Unprisoned starring Carrie Washington and Delroy Lindo with a father outta prison. A son with growing anxiety and a therapy practice in serious trouble. Carrie Washington's page needs to pull her family back together by any means necessary. Get ready for a new season of raw comedy and heartfelt connection on imprisoned. All episodes are now screaming only on Hulu.


There are moments in life that are so special that you have to capture them and save him forever. They're one of those once in a lifetime events like your baby's first steps, the first time you bring your family pet home, or your daughter's first dance performance. With iPhone 15 Pro more storage means you don't have to delete anything that can become a lasting memory one day. And it's important to be able to share these moments with family members who weren't there to see them in person. Store more, share more. Connect with iPhone 15 Pro on at and t. Get iPhone 15 Pro on at and t and get an iPad and Apple Watch for 99 cents per month. Each at and t connecting changes everything. Limited time offer requires 0% a PR 36 month agreement on each while qualified customers. Other terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone.


For Details@public.com, You can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY with no subscription required. That means zero monthly account fees or balance requirements, and you can withdraw cash whenever you like. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Fin Run. S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


Wake that ass up. Earn in the morning. The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yeah. She has a new movie Premiering Saturday, August 3rd. I thought my husband's wife was dead. Ladies and gentlemen. LeToya. Luckett. Staring. Good morning. What's up y'all? Good morning. Fuck. How you feeling? Oh, I'm up, up. God bless me with another day. I'm up. There you Go. Yes. I love this hair. I love this Hair. Thank you. Yes, thank you. It's so good to hear you voice and see everybody. Yes. You know, I, I keep looking at the title of this movie, And I. Just can't figure out what it's about. You know what? I thought the same thing when I read the script.


I was like, what? Actually it it, it was intriguing. Okay. I was like, okay, what is this really about? Yeah. And I. Guess I'll go into that. Mm. My character Victoria, I'll start there, was presumed dead. And when she shows back up, she just wreaks havoc. So she shows back up to her current husband's home and is greeted by his new wife. I'll say that Current husband or ex-husband, but try to get a divorce. It's current. Okay. That's why you gotta watch the movie. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So they, she shows up to her current husband's home and meets his new wife Five years. I mean, in, in, in in real life. Would you be upset if, if your man moved on?


If, if he thought that I was presumed dead? I, no, I wouldn't be upset about that. I wouldn't be upset about that. I mean, 'cause obviously life goes on. Yeah. And, I wouldn't want to, I wouldn't wanna make him feel like You know he can't move on with his life. You know, can't find love again. I think that's a bit unfair. I don't think I could as a man unless I knew for sure. No, I don't think I could because there Was no body. Yeah. I would have to know for sure. Yeah. But See that's the thing. That's why you gotta watch the movie because this is a different, this is different. Yeah. Like if something that, it depends on the situation With the one. It does depend on the situation. Now if I, if, if my You know my significant other passed on and this wasn't the case, then no.


I'm not gonna You know. Yeah. Say he can't marry or or not go in peace knowing that he would probably remarry in the next couple of years. No. Do you feel like Tori came back a little too entitled? No. No. Oh no. Not at all. No. Nope. She came back to get what was hers. Absolutely well deserved. I mean, you were talking to, I mean you were talking life insurance policy. You were talking everything that was in that house. Run me, Run me. Run me. My son. Who? We thought you were Dead. Yeah. What's that? But I ain't Hello. Good to see you Run me my funds. Oh, no, no, no, no. We got to And I. Think You know. I, I do see both sides. You know.


I understand that. They probably thought, okay, we can move on with our lives. We can invest here. We can invest there. But I think obviously when she shows back up, it's like, okay, this does belong to her. This came from her father You. know what I mean? Is this really mine? I'm gonna at that point say, okay, whatever we gotta do to fix this and whatever makes you comfortable. 'cause obviously you've probably been through some things. However we can help. I'm here for it. But I don't, I don't necessarily know if she was greeted with that energy. Were Say it's hard to talk about the movie without people saying Right. You know when I'm spoiling it. That's why You gotta watch Spoil and just spoiling it. Yeah. 'cause that's the thing. Exactly. And don't be the watcher that watches for 30 seconds and be like, okay, what's next?


Lemme just throw You know. No, you have to be invested in this movie because it, it's not, it's not a slow moving movie at all. As a matter of fact, it's gonna catch, it's gonna catch you immediately. But I feel like in order for you to really get into it, you have to put some things down, sit there and actually watch, engage. And then I think your mind is gonna be blown by the end of the movie. You Have to have a little crazy in you to do this, to play this character. Uhuh. See, I had to tap into something. You tapped into something. But the thing about being an actor, you can't judge the character. So I couldn't go into this thing saying, well, Toya wouldn't do that. Or Would Toya really say that? Or, I can't do that. So I I, and the reason I decided to play this character is 'cause I felt her story deserved to be told.


And there are people out here not going through something as extreme as this, but people that are maybe suffering in silence or You know they feel they're being treated unfairly in a marriage or any kind of relationship. And they don't have the guts to speak up about it. So I enjoy playing roles. You know, like this And I wanted to feel stretched. I wanted to, this was something that was out of the ordinary for me. I've played the well to do wife who has it all together. No, I wanted, I got in there And. I was like, strip me down. I wanna look absolutely crazy. And when I was sending photos from set to like my family members, they're like, okay, wait, what? Let me show up. Where you at? Because this, you Look nuts. You ever got that crazy in a, in a real relationship? You ever at all had to get a little crazy You know what's so funny?


Uhoh at the airport Just yesterday. Oh, you got crazy yesterday. I was looking, I didn't get crazy yesterday. I was looking through my phone for something. And I saw that I had stored like a side chick's number from my ex-boyfriend in my phone. I was like, why do I still have This? You forgot to call her. I never called her. Yeah, but Why do I even have this in here? Because you wanted to call her just In case. It Was just a just in case. Yeah, Just, Just in case. But I had to have a little bit of offness. It was a little bit of something. How long Was it? Why did that mean all It's been there for I maybe two Before Covid. Wait two. I'm gonna say 2007.


Jesus. That's why I was like, why is, I know I've had several phones since this. And You feel like just texting him and be like, Hey, you still fucking with em? I'm not, But I just wanna know. You know. Did it work out for y'all? It did not. It it did. It did not. He is, no, I don't think he's a settling type, but I just feel like I, I had to have a little bit of some off Story. I don't think that means you off. Why did I have it though? Because You wanted to call her and see what was going on. Woman to woman. I'm just calling you woman to woman. I had The, I was ready to go for the woman to woman conversation. Yeah. Right. But I didn't even, but I'm also the type that I'm like, I'm not even gonna give you that type of energy. Like okay, if I'm not gonna be in no competition for no man, for anybody. So If, you want him sis. And if he want you, by all means Gotcha.


You know y'all have that. But I don't Did you, Did you erase the number? I did not. We should go just in case. Just in case. I should go and handle that. If she's a well known side chick, you never know. No, She's not. She was very, and after, at the end of the day, me and her probably could have been friends. She's super sweet, quiet to herself. You know no issues. Where the Hell You know all of this about this baby? You did. You did a whole profile check on her. She's a Virgo. Social security and number is You know. No, no. I did. Yeah. That we off that. But yeah. That, that did. Yeah. I thought about that last night. Now, not to give away too much of the movie, but would the money that you were owed make up for everything that happened to you?


No. Okay. Alright. Oh no. This woman was terrified. Okay. Okay. Oh, this was, it was awful. Like, I can't even begin to describe the things that she went through. She went through some things. So no money, money doesn't make up for it. But I mean, it's, it's best they can do. I mean, they, you can't make up for time. You can't get time back. And she lost, what, six years? She lost five, six years. Oh yeah. You can't get that time back. You know there were things that she wanted to do in her life. She was You know she wanted to have children. She wanted to You know, do things with her business. All these, she can't get that time back. Yeah. You can't buy that time baby Jess. Because I saw you scolding somebody who you who, who was you That was the dog or Ashton? Just now? No, it was Naya.


She trying to eat in the living room, but everything's swayed in there. So I told her Go in the kitchen. Okay. But go ahead. I saw you had a question. She got That mama face on. Exactly. She got this baby about the drop fit. Yeah. I'm over it. I'm cooked. Look, I get It. No, I, I I, what I love about the movie is that you actually played it well Vicki or Tori goes through both. Yeah. Right. Both, like all the traumas, like losing her parents early and them being kidnapped and almost killed and all of that. What did you do? Like, what were your methods to get into this role? Because you said you had to tap in, but that's all you said. Can you expound on it? Like what, what are some things that you, that you had to do to get ready for this? 'cause this is a pretty serious role.


Very, very, very. I did like do some research and look up things on, 'cause I, I didn't get the chance to, I really wanted to go and sit with some women who had, even if they were in shelters, like to, to talk to women who had been through abusive or You know domestic violence relationships. I've known people that had experienced that before. But I did You know read up on things like that. Re You know kidnappings. That's a, it's a lot. Yeah. It's a whole, whole lot. Yeah. You, it's, it's, it's something you actually have to I'm sure experience in order to really Yeah.


Tap in. Like truly tap into it. But honestly, I just went into it not judging it, allowing myself to feel those moments when we did the kidnapping scenes, when we did the stuff in the forest or whatever, like I was afraid, like we were shooting those scenes at night. I'm a scaredy cat. I don't even watch scary commercials like alone. So it felt very real. I'm it very real. So I allowed myself to feel that fear. I allowed myself to You know feel like, okay, I don't know what's gonna happen next. What's You know? Even though cameras were rolling, I knew homies was gonna push You know pop out the bushes. I still in that moment, allowed myself to feel there was a scene I did in the bathroom. I'm a whole germophobia. Like, I mean, for real. I take p real baths.


You move your hands off that dust then I don't do that to, we wipe it down before we wipe it down. Before you got here. He's such a clown. We wipe it down before you came here. Even though he's that type, even though he's that type, even though he's that not many people to that microphone. Latoya, but I didn't get close to it. You said to death and death. We wipe it down, you put hand, we wipe it down before anybody comes in here, I read right here, one of our producers wipes it down. We wipe it down. But he nobody Got no sanitizer. We can't got no Clorox Wipe. Oh my gosh. He wipes it down with Clorox. Now I'm gonna just, okay, so here's the thing. I had to do y'all a scene on a public like bathroom floor. No, Sure did.


Sure did, sure did. You got The cooties? No. And guess what? It was a men's bathroom. No. Ew definitely Was on the floor, I thought. And they kept saying, we cleaned it. You know we put bleach on the floor. It's the whole thing. I said, oh no, no, no, no. I need to actually see somebody get down there and scrub. 'cause that's gross. And I had to lay on a bathroom floor. And I just allowed myself to feel all the ishness of that moment. And I just put it into the scene. There was a scene where I had to do in, in the forest in this, I don't even know what it was, Winnebago it, whatever it was. But it, the smells the, the quiet of the moment because just imagine being hell captive somewhere for six years and it's quiet.


Nobody's hearing your screens. Yeah. You talking to yourself, you doing all kind of things. Like I allowed myself to feel a little outta my mind. And, I. I just allowed myself to go there. And that's what I think made those scenes so wonderful and believable in my opinion, is because I really just allowed myself to step out as outside of myself and, and be uncomfortable. How Do you come back from it? That's where, that's where the process was. It was being able to snap out of that and leave all of those emotions on set. That was the hardest part. Like going back to your room and not carrying that. Because even with some of the emotional scenes, I had to tap into some of my own traumas.


And there was so many times where the cameras would stop rolling and they would yell, cut And I would be crying for another 30 minutes because I was still there and still shook and still could feel all of those feelings. And I said, okay, okay. You're doing your work today. You're doing your work today. Because if I'm having to call my therapist after a scene, that means I really tapped into something that I thought I was probably over. Mm. I promise you I was thinking that. 'cause I always wonder if you're a person that that's doing the work. And we all know healing is not a linear journey, right? Mm. But If, you're doing the work and You know you do make some steps forward to where you're getting to a a, a closer place of being healed. But then you gotta go do a movie for three months and like kind trauma dump.


Yes. It's like, what does that do In Canada? I, I'm away from my kids. I'm away from everything that I know. Like I, it real, that quiet is, is Whew. That's what bothered me the most. I'm so used to being in a home full of You know kids and all kind of things going on and, and, and to be by myself and steal. That's when I was like, okay, maybe I'm, maybe I need to dig a little deeper into things. Yeah. And I was okay with that. But that's where the, I'm honestly even y'all talking about it right now. I'm wanting to cry or I'm feeling those emotions again. Yeah. And would you Do another role like this? I would because I do feel like sometimes people are scared to play roles like this.


They don't wanna be ugly on camera. They don't want people to see that ugly cry. They don't want people to see them You know outside of glam and Nah, like that. That's why I love being an actress and and outside of You know music is because I want people to see all sides of, first of all, Latoya. But also I truly wanna speak for women. I really want to be the best representative I possibly can. And if there's a woman out there that is going through something like Victoria has gone through, I just, I think her story needs to be told the word. Yeah. I always Wonder that. Would you say that? Okay.


I was asking her 'cause she said outside of music, would you say that your love for Act thinks surpass your love for music? Because I know music is your number one passion. That's It. Is is, it is. But I mean, it's like asking which one is your favorite child? I don't, they're both gifts given by God. And I. It's like, I love that he has allowed me and given me a platform to be able to share them. And that's, I can't, I can't say which one I love the most. Did You, Did you always love acting or it was one of those things where music was your love and you was like, let me try this. And you fell in love With it. I, no, I just fell into acting. I would do school plays as a kid. We all did. Which one did you do but, huh? Rock Soup.


Annie? No. Pinocchio. Pinocchio. My dog played Annie. He played Sandy and Annie. Okay. That's funny you say that, but yes. See your dog. My dog. My dog got casted to play Sandy in Annie in a well, Miller Outdoor Theater in Houston, Texas. Like that's a big thing. Where did that money go to? Does it go to you? You gotta donate to a shelter. How was, does the Dog get paid for that? I think my parents probably got it. I don't know where the, I don't know where the funds for that went. Okay. I dunno who got paid. Poor dog. Okay. The dog. I mean, the food stayed the same. So he ain't get no extra trees or nothing. And Wait till that dog sue you later for treat him wrong. Paying rest his soul. Sam. Oh, he Dan? Yeah. He died a long time ago. No wait to, damn. I'm sorry. Peta or Peta? Peter. The dog is dead. I don't know if the baby, the baby got paid.


I don't know if the baby got paid. I'll ask You know what? I'll ask my mom and dad later on about that. Okay. But I fell into acting. I was actually doing, I was on the road with a play that was my first Time.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. You'll getaway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the Great Outdoors. Plus with an available toing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while ventry on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start sw with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo


State Farm Insurance gets it. Representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. State Farm understands and wants to help protect our communities by investing in our future building off the hard work our parents have done before us. We all are looking to create generational wealth so that our families and generations behind us have a better starting point than we did. That begins with financial literacy. State Farm helps fund programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to the educational achievement of black and brown youth. To date participants have been awarded over $11 million in scholarships offers as a direct result of contributions from State Farm at Eating Wall Broke. We hear inspiring rags to richest stories on each episode from our guests. But with State Farm, you can begin to write your own success story. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


What does a therapist do when her family is the one who needs help? Seek therapy. Of course. Don't miss the new season of the Hulu comedy. Imprisoned starring Kerry Washington and Delroy Lindo with a father outta prison. A son with growing anxiety and a therapy practice in serious trouble. Carrie Washington's page is determined to pull her family back together. Nothing is uncomplicated or unprisoned, especially family. Will they be freed from the generational issues and old wounds holding them back? John Stamos guest Stars is an unorthodox, radical healing coach who goes toe to toe with Paige. As Family Secrets come out. Can Paige and her crew move forward? Get ready for a new season of raw comedy and heartfelt connection on imprisoned. All episodes are now screaming only on Hulu.


Hi, this is Nikki Glaser from the Nikki Glaser podcast. Say yes to summer and get cash back on many of your favorite brands with PayPal, which let's face it comes in very handy. During the summertime, everyone is ready for summer activities, which is why using PayPal is a great way to say yes to summertime fun. Say yes to those concert tickets to go see that band you were into back in high school. Say yes to that bikini that you are too scared to try it at the store because the lighting might be bad and you might get discouraged. But that You know you'll look amazing in when you try it on for the first time at the resort when you get there. You can also send money to friends via PayPal, which means going Hal these with your best friend when she visits this summer with even more cash back in your pocket when you pay with PayPal. Saying yes to summertime fun, just got a whole lot easier. Make sure to download the PayPal app. An account with PayPal is required to send and receive money. Redeem points for cash and other options terms apply.


With public dot com's high yield cash account, you can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% A PY. There are no fees, subscriptions, minimums or maximums. Just 5.1% interest on your cash. That means you can grow your cash with 5.1% interest with no strings attached. It's as simple as that. Again, that's 5.1% interest with no fees. 5.1% interest with no subscription. 5.1% interest with no minimums or maximums. 5.1% interest with up to 5 million FDIC insurance. Just 5.1% interest. Straight up, no strings attached. Sign up today@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


I'm really doing an anything to do with acne. And I got a call from an agency Paradigm Agency and they asked to take a meeting they sent me on my first audition. My first audition was for Preacher's kid. I got casted as it was a smaller role. And then I think a week before they actually started production, they asked me to, would I be okay with taking the lead? And I. Didn't think twice I got on a plane in Atlanta and here we are. I always wonder how is life in the industry different now from when you first started? Because this feels like a whole new world. Whole new world. A whole new world. I mean, you gotta think, I started when I was 12 years old.


We were singing everywhere. I mean in front of grocery stores on planes, anywhere that our voices could be heard. Talent shows the grind was different and there was no, like, I feel like everything's hap happens a lot faster now. Of course we have social media platforms. People can post their music, YouTube, all these Sound Cloud, all these things that wasn't available to us. So it, we depended on local news. We depended on just You know local talent shows the, the hot local producers to produce our records. And the grind was a lot tougher. Feel like the barrier, the barrier of entry was tougher too. Absolutely.


The first of all, the main goal was to get a record deal. Now you don't really even need that. Yeah. You know what I mean? So If, you got your record deal. Oh, you was on You know. Or to even get the attention If, you think back in the day, the the, you had to get a manager first. So getting a manager was like the big deal before our time. And then to get a producer to recognize you so that they would produce your album. It was so many huge steps that you had to take before you got your big opportunity. And that's why I think like once you got that big opportunity, you, it was, it was a different feeling. You didn't take it lightly. You showed up.


We showed up. We know how to show up on time. We showed up ready. The live performances, we was giving it all. I mean, you had to be able to sing, act, and dance when we was coming up. Mm. You had to have all of the things And, I think Now You know. It's just a little Different. Would you want your kids to ate? You ain't gotta have no talent, huh? It no, I'm not saying that you got, you obviously folk got to like you for something. You Skipped the line. But would you want your kids to do it? Would you want your kids to, to be in this industry? You know what, I wouldn't, I wouldn't say don't. I would, I would share my experiences with them and say, Hey honey, this ain't for the week. And don't do it. Don't just do it for money. Why You say you wouldn't?


I wouldn't because I know mentally the things that you have to go through. I saw a lot. I've seen a whole, whole lot good and bad in my time in this entertainment industry. And, I know that I had to be become a different type of person. Hard. I mean not, I've never hardened my heart towards anybody, but you have to have a very strong mentality to be in this industry and unwavering in your faith in so many other things. You have to stay true to yourself. And, I think that nowadays, especially with You, know the new generation.


Somebody leave a bad comment on Instagram and they ready to be done. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You know what I mean? And you can't have, you can't be that fragile. Now you said your faith tested. What was the, the worst test that you had to overcome? Or what was the worst thing that you've seen? Without saying names, of Course. Oh, shut. I mean, I done seen some things You know. I mean, of course I had my experience, which I, we went through that as children. So thank God whoa, You know with, with having to go through even just not being, having friendships, kid friendships.


Like we started at 12, some of us started at nine. So to lose a best friend or not You know, have that communication with them anymore. And for that to be such a major, major change shift in your life to be able to have to deal with that. And back then, like therapists weren't in That's right. We didn't have a therapist to walk us through a transition like that. So it was basically, I think for me, the grace of God that he was able to put angels in my life to, to help guide me into You know the next phase of my life. And I. Don't know how many people would've been able to survive that. And, and also You know, you see greed, you see greed in this industry a lot.


You see people caring about you one day. And this is not me speaking on my experience, but I You know people love you one day and the next day it's what I don't even know their name. Who, who. And you gotta just be a different kind of person to deal with that. I I was gonna ask you, 'cause you said You know you can't be too fragile. And you did kind of touch on it when you said there was no therapist back then, but even back then, y'all had to be fragile too. Yeah. So if it wasn't for those people walking y'all through, you'd have, and I'm sure you did crack at What I mean, I mean, here's the cool part. Like there wasn't like a, a shade room or media takeout to see the cracking. Like I was able to actually do have my, my feelings and my mess ups and my emotions in my, the comfort of my home Until Wendy Williams found out.


There wasn't Wendy Williams back then. There was, but Wendy did, didn't have. She ain't had nothing to say about me, thank God. And I was, I was just able to heal and go through everything that I needed to go through without a camera in my face or a blog finding out or something like that. And I. Remember when everything first happened? I was in my bedroom listening to the local radio station and they started talking about it. And I was alone in my room. 17, 18 years old. And I. Just remember putting the sheets over my head. By It you mean the breakup? Yeah. I'm sure that's gotta be like frustrating to constantly hear about because it's like, Yeah, they did. That didn't go away for a while.


Yeah, it didn't go away. And it, and it's like having a for real re it's a divorce. It's a major divorce. And seeing your partner move on and be successful and folk love 'em and it's You know. And here's the part, like I am glad that that situation happened because one, I was able to, I'm a pre pk, but I got to know God on a whole nother level You know what I mean? My relationship with God changed. I also became confident in myself had I not You know, gone through that. I wouldn't have become a solo artist. I wouldn't have been able to, I didn't even feel that I was even ready to move on or be a part of this industry.


After that happened and got allowed the opportunity for me to get back in the studio, then I got a record, then I got a record deal. Then I started performing And. I was having like major breakdowns before even going live on stage because I was like, I'm up here by myself, I'm up here by myself. Like, what am I gonna do? But had I not gone through those things, I don't think I would be as confident as I am today. I don't think I would believe in my voice the way that I do today. I don't think that You know. I would've even said, okay, I'm gonna expand and believe in God to take on this new career as an actress. I probably just would've stayed in my comfort zone. Right?


So I'm, I'm glad A question, 'cause you said something that's not, that made me think about it. You know, you said you watching everybody go on to have tremendous success, right? But when you're in a group like a Destiny's child, I would think even at a young age, you kind of knew who was gonna be the breakout star. Like you knew, like, or or did they tell or did they tell all of y'all that all of y'all was gonna be breakout stars star? No. Okay. Okay. No, I mean, we are, it, it was a team player mentality. So I don't think any of us, any of us at that time were thinking someone was gonna go solo. It was about the group. The group. And we were groomed to have that group mentality. But I mean, come on, you hit that girl, open her mouth. It's different.


And. I'm not gonna sit up here and, and compare myself or go, well, You know she doesn't deserve more opportunities. First of all, she brought me in the group. She showed up to school and showed me the T-shirt and asked me You know to audition for her dad. I, Whatever. What did she said, do you wanna be a child of Destiny? She did not say that because that not the name of the group. Oh, not, it was called Girls' Time at the time. Oh, okay. And You know, she said, You know you wanna intro you, you wanna audition for my dad. And I said absolutely. And she gave me the biggest break of my life. Wow. I Will always be grateful for her. I will always admire her for her talents and her, her this. I don't, I don't think I've ever met someone who works harder than Beyonce.


Giselle knows that is not her name anymore. It's Beyonce knows Carter And. I am I am so proud of everything that she's done and to even say that I was a part of a chapter of her life and, and a part of such a phenomenal group. Shout out to all the girls of the children, Kelly, Beyonce, Latvia, Michelle, love y'all all dearly. Happy birthday Michelle. Happy born day Tantra. Happy birthday mish. But I I I'm grateful y'all, you, you'll never hear a ugly Word. Come on. Y'all just had a reunion too. Well, the semi reunion earlier this Year, all in this, we were in the same room for the first time ever. And it was a, I really still can't wrap my head around that moment because we, I've all been around all of them individually over the You know, past few years.


But having us all in the same room at the same time with all our different energies was kind of like, Hey, okay. You know we were, we're You know moms, wives, all the things. And we were talking more about that. And then we, we prayed together, we hugged, cried Wow. And yeah. Was beautiful. People always beautiful would ask, is there any possibility of a reunion tour? I do not know reunion song. I'd be down For it. Reunion show. I listen. I would love something like that. Who wouldn't? But it's, I, it, if if, if the opportunity presented itself, I would welcome it. Yeah. I saw you songs earlier this year. You said that Beyonce created a wonderful space for the definitely child reunion.


She really, really did. Yeah. And it was, it was so cute when she, when she came off stage, she was on her, her cart, her and Jay. And they, she danged there, hopped that off that cart while it was still moving to come and embrace us and give us her hug. And she's like, yes, girl, this outfit, da da da You know. Immediately we went, first of all to watch her go from doing Was that a three hour show? Yes, it was. Was it three hours? Okay. Yes, it was three. Yeah. My female, it was three hours, three hour show go backstage. I don't know how that baby switch into that hoodie so quick. That black hoodie outfit got on the cart with her husband. Immediately that energy presented itself.


Okay. She's gone right into wife mode and then she hops off the cart and the children just run And. I said, okay. She, she didn't even have time to woosah. She goes right back into being a mom. You know. And then we're there and there's this big new moment for her. I'm like, how is she taking all this on And I at that moment, wanted to go, girl, take, have you had 10 minutes? Somebody bring her some water, some lemon. You need some towels. She didn't really get to have that. She just went with the flow. But it was beautiful to see her come off the stage entertaining, I don't know how many people, over 75,000 people. Yeah. And go straight into making sure she was present for her daughters.


That's dope. Who were present there. You know. And that, that just speaks to who she is. It really does. I I know you gotta wrap, but I I do have one last question. 'cause you said you wouldn't want your kids in the business. I said that I, what I had said Charlamagne was, I wouldn't say don't be in the business, but what I would do is share my experience. And I would say, You know it's not for the week. And also I'm a person that feels like God doesn't take you through things for nothing. And I love to share my testimony. I love to share things that I've been through so that it will hopefully be a learning experience for somebody else. And also show somebody, Hey, even though you might be going through a storm right now, there's light at the end of the tunnel. It might for real might be okay.


That's right. You might come out of this thing. All right. That's right. So I would share that with my children and say, Hey, You know if you're gonna do it, you better be serious about it. Don't do it just for no money. Don't do it just for f just for fun. But you gotta do it for the deep love of, of it. And when I say love, I'm talking about that unfailing love. I'm talking about that You know when, when it hurts, when you don't feel like doing it no more. When you tired, when you don't feel like showing up for people, when you don't feel like performing. When you having a bad day, when somebody done piss you off right before or says something to throw you off, you still gotta get up there and share your gift If. you can still do it and not think or blink twice Then do it.


Well, my question is, why didn't you share all of that amazing advice with your dog? You just let your dog go out there. What are we Still talking about? Sam You know he didn't Be with The Lord. Natoya. Like, we appreciate you for joining us. Absolutely. We love you. That's not my man. Thank you. That is not, that is not, I don't like him. I feel like I don't like him. I like, I don't, I don't like him. Just How I just asked the question I wanted, why didn't the dog get the same Bus? The dog It did You know what I, I was there to comfort Sam at all times. Like I, I loved Sam. I I brushed him often. I fed him, Walked him. What kind of dog was Sam? A Beed Collie. Okay. Oh, I don't know what that is. You don't exactly. He was a rare dog, rare breed and just At all. Just you didn't know what that was. I know what a collie is.


Eyes was sweetheart. Eyes like he had loving eyes, friendly eyes, beautiful brown eyes. Gorgeous dog. He, Hey, listen, he did his thing. Honestly, he popped off and then my brother popped off. He's in the room right now. Shout out to Gavin. Lucky GL Productions. He played in the movie Challenger with Angela. I have to say it right. Auntie Angela, Angela Bassett or Bessette and also Joe Martin. So I was like third in the family to really do anything with my life. I was the one sitting in the trailer, mad and jealous of my dog and my brother. Any more questions about the dog? Right? Because he wants to I You know what I'm gonna call my therapist therapist after this Because Now we going back You.


know what I'm saying? I'm just out here. Rest in peace Sam. Rest in peace. Sam, I love you So much. Hey. Yo. She looking around. Looking around. Y'all done seen? What's that? What's that? What's the graveyard dog movie? I, I can't watch Don To heaven. Go Heaven. No, not all Dogs the scary one. Pet Cemetery. Pet Cemetery. Oh, Pet Cemetery. Yeah. No, I started thinking about Sam Latoya Like how did we get to the Daily Dog? How Did we talk? How did we get here? Well, thank you for joining us. Latoya. Lucky. Thank You. Can we please watch the movie y'all? I Thought. My Husband. My husband's dog was dead Saturday. I Thought. My Husband. And I. Thought my husband's dog was dead. No, I thought my husband's wife was dead. Yes. Eight seven Central Saturday. Y'all watch, just watch the movie If you girl in there looking all the way crazy.


Just know that. And it's a lifetime movie. It's A lifetime movie. Saturday, August 3rd. I thought my husband's wife was dead. I know it's a long title, but please watch it. It's very intriguing. Like you said, it make you wanna be Like, okay. Thank you Jess, and blessings to you and your, the rest of your pregnancy. I hope baby. Thank you. Shows up soon and on time and healthy. Yes. And blessed and favored in Jesus name. There You go, you go. Thank you so much. Yes. All right. It's LeToya Luckett Staring. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up In the morning. The Breakfast Club


Mitre is investing in a massive AI supercomputer to power a new federal AI sandbox with AI's potential to drive transformational advances across industries. MIT's expertise in healthcare, cybersecurity, transportation, finance, climate, and national security will be critical. Transform your career while helping solve problems for a safer world. Visit mitre.org/careers. That's MITR e.org/careers.


Hey guys, it is Ryan. I'm not sure if You know this about me, but I'm a bit of a fun fanatic one. I can, I like to work, but I like fun too. And now I can tell you about my favorite place to have fun. Chumba Casino. They have hundreds of social casino style games to choose from. With new games released each week, you can play for free and each day brings a new chance to collect daily bonuses. So join me in the fun Sign up now@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary V GW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more@public.com. You can earn 5.1% a PY on your cash. No fees, no minimums public.com lets you access your cash whenever and gives you up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Finra, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living Associates have been committed to creating a vibrant culture and delivering exceptional services, making BrightView a great place to work and live. If you're looking for a rewarding opportunity to serve your local community and grow, we want you to join our team. BrightView Senior Living is growing and actively seeking vibrant associates to join our community teams, including directors, healthcare activities, hospitality and dining. Apply today at careers dot BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal employment opportunities. Text BV Jobs to 9 7 2 1 1 To apply


Modo us


Visit modo.us for the best free play social casino experience. Wherever you are, Mo Do offers a huge selection of Vegas style games with free spins, exciting promotions, and always generous jackpots. You can waste your time with the others or you can win at Modo. Register today@modo.us for your free welcome bonus. Modo is a social casino. No purchase necessary void. Where prohibited play responsibly. Conditions apply. See website predict details. Hello. Do us.