
Hey, hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist Baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on.


Now back to the Funk


Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder, this mid-size SUVs designed for Epic Journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always wanted to. Traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Most deals are barely worth mentioning. But then there's at t's best deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six featuring Flex Camm With Galaxy ai, you can get it on them when you trade in your eligible smartphone any year, any condition, it's a deal. So good, you'll be shouting from the rooftops. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on At t. At and t connecting Changes everything requires Trading of Galaxy S note or Z Series Smartphone Limited Time offer 256 gigabytes for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/ Samsung or visit an At&t store for details.


Black Tech Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities. That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Wake that ass up. Irv In the morning. The. Breakfast. Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Jess is on maternity leave. So Lauren Lar is filling in and we got a special guest in the building. Ed Lover. Ladies and gentlemen, sir, The clap for yourself. That's right. Absolutely. How you doing Legend? I can't complain brother. Everything is good. The kids are good. The wife is good. The family's good. The grandkids is good. The tour is good. That so I'm Good. That's right. That's all that matters. That's right, that's right. For most that that don't know. Ed Love was the first celebrity I ever met. We are from the same hood. So From from the same hood. So I'm from Queens. Ed is from Queens. And. I used to go to this school called St.


Joe Manan. And across from that school, ed Lovers, one of your kids went to PS 34. Yep, Absolutely. And Ed was dropping his kid off and Ed would have to walk through the park where we would play in the afternoon. And that was my first time meeting a celebrity and Ed Edward walk through the park to drop his kids off and talk to all the kids out and about. And that was the first opportunity of meeting a celebrity and seeing how cool a celebrity was. Oh, I was so sorry. And me thinking that every celebrity was that cool. But then when you get in this industry, you realize, nah, not every celebrity, every celebrity's not that cool Celebrity is not that cool. But that was my first time meeting Ed Lover and, and the influence of, of learning what he did when, when he was hosting MTV to the radio to all that stuff. But that was my first influence of how a celebrity's just sitting there and stopping and talking to a kids how much that can do to you.


So who, Who did that for you, ed? Who did Everybody running them You know Running. I live four blocks away from Jam Master Jay. Wow. So running them did that for me. LL used to stop by when I was a high school security officer. Stop by in front of the school, pull up in the drop top, holler at me and all that stuff. So it was those cats that really like, 'cause they from Queens and Queens, we were like the forgotten borough in hip hop when hip hop was blowing up. It was like, y'all from the desert, y'all are corny. Y'all live all the way out there. So those cats were the ones that really kind of gave me the influence to let me know that I can do something in hip hop too. LL actually made me put the microphone down. I was a mc before that. Oh, I was mc a DD back in the day.


Remember everybody had a D. You didn't, the D didn't even mean nothing. When You say made you put it down like he told you. Becausecause knew I wasn't that nice. Did he tell you That? No. No. You saw Him Warren. When I heard LL I I knew I was not that nice. Now with running them, I figured I could hang 'cause I used to be in the park. Yeah. You know. I mean You was outside the, with The bucket. I was Jamaica Park 180 2 Park 34 Park. Just slaying cats on the mic. When I heard that little 15-year-old dude, I was like, nah, I gotta figure out a different way to get in the Tippo. I, she was honest with yourself. Yeah, absolutely. That's the first thing. But I was a trumpet player before that, so that's You know I was in the top 40 band from the time I was a kid playing trumpet. So that's why what I'm doing right now, ed Lover presents the live mix tape band is full circle.


Wow. For me because it's back with being with a band again. So Music has always been a part of The life. Music has always been my entire life. And the top 40 band, we were Top 40 band is when you play everything that's on the radio at the time. Got you. Got You know all our Isley Brothers. Between the Sheets and all, we used to play all of that. And we were one of the youngest bands in New York City back in when every little bar had a band and a dj. Mm wow. And what do you remember the first time you heard ll Because I'm sure it was before Records. Yeah, it, yeah. The first time I heard ll I think it was on Farmer Boulevard and one of those parks over there and he was on the mic. He was about 13, 14 years old and he was a monster at that time. Wow. So by the time You know he got signed.


It was a rap for everybody. How Did you get into radio and hosting? Right. Because it wasn't a job that people really thought that they could get. Right. It was just some something that we seen in people were in that business for 40 years. What said I can do that? 'cause you were the originator really of the Urban Radio thing. I wouldn't say that. I would say it was one of the originators. It was Frankie Crocker, Fred Bugs, who's a mentor to me to this day. Those cats that I used to listen to. Chuck Linen and all of them You know Petey Green. Yeah, Lenny Green, big up. Lenny Green. I said Petey Green. Petey Green. Yeah. Well that too. But Lenny Green too and You know Von Harper, v Harper, Harper Pride Storm You know those are the cats that that Oh okay. They paved the way for me. But what I decided to do once we got the opportunity to jump on the radio is to be my authentic self.


'cause I remember meeting, and this is no shade on Chuck Leonard, but the way he sounded in person is not the way he sounded on the radio. So when I got my opportunity to be on the radio, I was like, I'm just gonna be my authentic self and be exactly who I am and use my voice and what I wanted to say. You Know. How did that opportunity come? It came from the MTV Raps because they were flipping hot 97 from a dance station into an all hiphop station. So the late Steve Smith, God rest his soul, came down and said we needed some people that's authentic and respected and hip hop and gave Drain I opportunity. And I said, hell no. I was like, I'm not doing no radio. Get up at five o'clock in the morning and be, nah, I ain't doing that. And then my manager at the time, Charlie Steller wrote down on a piece of paper about Howard Stern was making every year and he was like, If, you could get almost that good.


I could guarantee you I could get you a lot of that. And I was like, that's the money that people make on the rail that let's do it. How much was it at the time at that time? Howard Stern Howard probably making four or $5 million a year. Wow. Yeah then yeah. That's Crazy. Do You think, and it is the nineties, do You think Early nineties people Respect Urban Radio like they do some of those other places? No. Like you look at some of the numbers that these white guys making this pop radio. Right. And you're talking, I mean I think Howard makes 90 million or something like that. He on Satellite Still though. He was, he was making 90 million, $30 million a year on, on terrestrial radio. Yeah. So do you think that they respect and why don't you think they respect the urban jock As much? I don't because they put us in a box, man. And that's the thing that, that kills me about it.


Like they will absolutely, some of these companies will put you in a box that say all you could do is Urban radio. But they won't do that to somebody else. Like a lot of the, the black program directors and what they call brand managers now, they put them in the urban box. Like they can't program a different station or like, all you guys know is this, this is not all we know. Right. We know a lot of things. I know a lot about country music, I know a lot about sports. I was offered a job in Atlanta on sports radio because I'm a sports fanatic. But they put us in the box and won't let us do other things. But you take a white PD or somebody like that, they'll let them, they'll let them program a black radio station when they didn't even grow up in this music before.


They give us the opportunity to even make that leap from being on air to programmer. They'll take a white dude and let him program a black radio station but won't take a black dude who has programming history and success and let him program a country station. It's all programming. What's the difference? So they put us in this box that we urban. Urban is a nice way of saying black and you can't get out of the box. Right. But that's why You know as a personality, I I I always say like you, you have to diversify your guests. Like whatever your interests are, If you into comic books, politics, movies, bring all those artists on. Yeah. Don't limit yourself to just the That's right. The urban guests. Yeah. Absolutely hate That. I remember when it, when I was here at Power, when we were the other place, we used to be right next door to Whoopi Goldberg and we put Bon John Bon Jovi on the radio.


Oh come on. You remember when I had Oprah on the radio and people was like Classic moments. Yeah. How you doing that? Like You know Bon Bon Jovi don't know he cool with black people until we tell him. So we have to diversify and go outside of the box. Did that really happen organically? Like that was Oprah just like that. It was Jamie Foxx did that Bro. Okay. I had, I had Jamie up and, and And I said, Jamie You know Oprah's, you cool with Oprah. Oprah's getting a reputation that she don't like hip hop. You should tell Oprah come holler at me. So I guess he told her and she was in the city You know he told Gail and they were in the city and Gail said, Jamie said that at Love Luxury we should just roll up there. And she just came.


Wow. Those days I wasn't there bro. I was not there. My cousin had gotten killed and his wake was there. And I left early. I was in the afternoons then I left early to go to the wake and we're driving and my car get the car out the lot. We driving me and my assistant and he gets the phone call Yo Oprah's up here and she looking for you. I'm like, please get outta here Oprah. Y'all play too much. Right. And we hung up and they called us back and was like, no, for real Oprah's here you need to And I jumped out the car and ran back to the station. Wow. And she was there. Wow. And she came so cool man. She had one security upstairs with her one downstairs in the lobby. Her and Gail and me. And I just cut all the music off. And I was like ladies and Gentlemen got To at that point. Yeah. Oprah's here. It was crazy. I mean that's the one And only time Oprah's ever done hip hop radio.


Yeah. It's the one and only time she's ever done. Yeah. Never, she never done anybody else. Yeah. How, How do you be feeling now when like people attack Oprah saying like she's not for like black people and black men all that. Like You know her in real life. Right. You gotta know Oprah man. Oprah. She does so many things that she doesn't advertise. Like she gives away so much of her wealth that she does not advertise. Like remember when she opened the school in Africa and people was like, yeah she need to do that in the United States. She's done that. Right. She just doesn't advertise it all the time. So she's, she's a different, she's a different cut from a different cloth. And it's funny knowing her because people will always tell me to call Oprah and ask Oprah to do something. I'm be like, nah, I ain't call her Oprah. I call her on her birthday and Christmas.


That's it. That's Not a call you just casually make all the time. Nah. What I'm supposed to do you Oprah, my man got a movie trying to make, I'm not doing that. What was your Most monumental moment besides Oprah? Oprah. On the radio. And what was one of the worst moments on radio for you? One of the mo worst moments on the radio was somebody that I won't name that I was working with. That we got into an argument on the radio that was, that was crazy. 'cause when we actually saw each other not too long ago and both of us apologized for our parts in in the fiasco. You know you get older and you learn Right. If you don't learn then you're just stuck. But one of my favorite moments probably was Oprah was definitely my favorite. But my favorite from the on TV raps is two.


One was definitely having James Brown on for a week. Mm. Because James Brown's the godfather of Soul Backbone, the most sample man in hip hop history. My daddy calls him the first rapper. Absolutely right. And funny with James 'cause the whole time he was there, everybody around him had to call him Mr. Brown. And he let myself Dre and Tani call him James. And especially when he found out that my first name is actually James. So then he was talking. Yeah I James I ain't know what he was talking about. It Was cool having him on. Man, that was so dope. And probably when we had Bill Cosby on way before all the trouble, he actually called looking for me.


Wow. And then left a number. And I called him back and he actually picked up the phone. Did He give you a lecture? No. That's what that was crazy Charlamagne. 'cause You know Eddie Murphy had said he only calls you if he wants to tell you he don't like what you're doing or if he loves what you're doing. So I'm nervous when he gets on the phone and he tell me that he was in his office with his daughter and they watching you on TV raps. And I was doing a character. And he was like, man that thing was so funny. And I. And then he was like, listen, I'm gonna have you on my show and then I'm gonna come and do your show. And he was a man of his work. Yeah. Oh Yeah. You did do an episode Of comedy? Yeah, I did episode of comedy show. I did it twice the first time we got cut out and then the second time they interwoven me so much of the story that it was impossible for me to get cut out.


The argument you was having on the aired, do you, what was it about? It was about Shakiness on the show at the time. Oh, so it was like something something that should have been internal. Yeah. That got you, got you, got you, got you. Yeah. Yeah. It got blown out of proportion. Oh, You know. Do you think, well first of all, I don't know If, you seen Lisa G but Lisa G Works up Pair. Did you see Lisa? Oh No, I didn't see her G Works. I gotta go stop by and say what's up. But I was gonna ask, do you think I didn't know that? Yeah. Lisa g works up here. Do you work here? Yeah. I did not know Lisa. I'm like, When that happen. Yeah. Wow. I was, I was gonna ask You know, do you think radio is too serious? Right. Because now when you look at Jogs You know we play all the time. But I remember the skits that you used to do and listening to y'all in the morning.


It was fun. Right? When I watch you on Rap City, it was fun. Now I feel like Raps rap, MTV Raps, Yo G Raps. It was fun. Right? Do you feel like it's not fun anymore when it comes to radio? Missing People? I think's not fun because of the people taking everything that you say too. Seriously. You know. IIII say one of my favorite breakfast club moments when y'all went viral was Birdman You. know what I mean? Put some respect on my name. I ain't playing all three of y'all. You come up here with a bunch of goons. They they taking everything too seriously. Now when we was poking front of people, people knew that we was just joking around and they ain't taking that that serious. There was nobody sitting outside the radio station trying to beat me up because I said a joke about him.


So I just think, yeah, radio's getting too serious. But it's the times And I hate. I hate this time that every time you turn around you saying rest in peace to somebody or some artist is getting killed or some rapper got gunned down or somebody did this. Man. It's, it's, the love is just almost gone out of it. And the love needs to come back into it because we're losing too many of us You know. I I just heard And I want to shout out Irv Gotti. 'cause I heard he wasn't doing You know he had a stroke or something. A stroke. Yeah. But I wanted to say love to Irv. Me and Irv You know that Envy we all from the same neighborhood. But Irv said the only thing worse than getting old is not getting old. That's right. You know. I was with Pac.


I saw Pac 15 minutes before he got shot. Wow. I'm sitting next to Biggie and the Peterson Automotive Museum before he walked out, the last thing he said to me is, do I wanna ride with him to Nas and Steve Styles party? I was like, nah, I got a Corvette. I was feeling myself. Right. I got a Corvette and You know every time I'm in LA now I got a little Money. Now I got a drop top. I'll Get me a Corvette You. know what I mean? Drop tops. I'm rolling. So you be I'm, yeah. Wow. Wow. I said, nah, Christopher. And he was always Edwin and he gave me a a, a bottle of Dom p he told me, drink hell food, bring it back. So I'm like, well I'm supposed to drink half a bottle of Dom P I'm running around giving it to everybody. I bring it back to him. He pull out bottle of Gram Maier filled it up and gave it back to me. Wow. So that's my relationship was was hanging with Big You.


know. So I'm blessed to be here man. And I. I Don't like how you speed path him stories. Right. I'm tell you, I sitting here, stories Bring Angie. Y'all be saying that stuff so casual casually. That's like Greek mythology when y'all talk about Biggie and Pac. This Is American history. We didn't know these people. And I, mythical figures to us Pac was being Pac was a trip man. Being, being with Pac sometimes was absolutely intriguing. But a lot of people don't understand. Pac was a young dude. So sometimes you get caught up in a wave of stuff when you young You know what I mean? And I watched him and Big Go from two dudes that absolutely adored each other to being at opposite ends of something that just kind of rolled.


It got bigger than Them. It got bigger than them. Right. So we used to pick pop up. My man stretched too from Live Squad You know. Stretch from the hood. Rest. Peace. Yep. Rest in peace. Stretch. I got Stretching 'em. They deal with Tommy Boy. That was my group. Live Squad and Stretch and Pac became friends when I did juice stretch with me to fill my scene Juice. If you blink, you missed it. I was standing behind Queen Latifah. And. I was about to say I don't remember seeing You. No, I was So did you see my face? That's why you said that? Yeah. Okay. I'm like, wait, he No laws. I'm standing behind Queen Latifah when she says the winner is Q I'm right there. That's it. He was there Though. They paid me. Period. Fine. Period. That's all that matters. So that's when we met Pac and Stretch and Pac both heavy weed smokers and, and and Treach from Naughty.


They, they all friends. So whenever Pac came to New York, we pick 'em up and the first thing he would always ask us, did anybody talk to big, we are big at, so we holler at big or page big bigger or page back. And they go to Brooklyn. Page is crazy. And see, and see and see Big. So they were really, really tight. So, so see that man. Ugh. That just bothered me. Do you remember how Y'all do? Were you then them 10, 10 Years. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Are they og Do you remember like the turning of that? 'cause like you saw the love, right? Yeah. What was like, do you remember like when that started to shift? Were When after right after the incident in the studio, were There conversations behind the scenes? Like, like we hear about people trying to calm it down, but what was it really like behind the scenes trying to make them understand it.


Like It by, by the time it escalated to the point it escalated to when I was in Vegas, that fight when Pac got killed, And I saw Pac coming through the Betty Boop bar. And I'm standing there with Bishop Don, magic wand, pretty Tony handsome Dre and all the pimps. And he was outside. I'm outside in the bar and they trying to convince me they won't gimme a prostitute And. I'm like, I ain't got no time to be watching no woman. 24. Nah Ed, you a pimp man. You got pimp in you man. I'm telling you man, you was a pimp. I was like, man, I don't want no prostitute. Man comes through with sugar them. I didn't see the stomping out of the kid 'cause I was in the bars. He come through, he stopped. We talking Yo, what's up? What's good man? How you doing bro? I'm good.


I'm like, you coming to SU's party? I'm like, yeah bet. I love you. I love you too. They keep going. And my mind, I'm from the East coast. I'm not going to SU's Club in the middle of a East Coast, west Coast war. Even though I'm neutral. I ain't going over there. Just, y'all gonna get drunk and let's stomp out the kid from New York. Nah, I'm not doing that. Do you Wish you would jumped in between since you knew both of 'em and tried to? I did. I did. I tried to talk the Pac, he just, he wasn't hearing it big was stunned. Big. Didn't know where it was coming from, why it was coming. He was hurt big and CS probably told y'all that before. Big was honestly hurt by it because they loved each other that much. Mm. Once that ball got rolling, it was just impossible. And then you got Vine Magazine and all of these people doing East Coast, west Coast beef.


It wasn't that it was bad boy death row. That was it. How did y'all handle that on radio and TV back then? Because You, I minding my business. That's what I did. I minding my business. I I wasn't getting in between that stuff man. Because it was hurtful to see two friends just turn what they'd love. They have into ashes. Right. So I just try to stay out of it as much as I can. You know. I wanted to ask you as a personality back in the day, how did You know that you had to be multimedia? 'cause you did tv. tv, you did radio movies, you did movies. How did those things, did those things just happen? Or were you were intentional about being multimedia? I was intentional about it because my mother and father, I was lucky enough to grow up with both parents in the home and my, they always instilling me that when you get an opportunity to do something, you take that opportunity.


So just like you writing books, you on your third book now. Third book. Yeah. Congratulations. Thank you. Thank you. When I had those opportunities to do that, I took the opportunities. You know, even if some of 'em didn't work out, I still, I still took the opportunity. I remember talking to Angie when Andrew was gonna make her album. And. I was in the studio with her during one of her shows. I think I was there late for some reason. And Angie was like, man Ed, I'm gonna do this album. I don't know if I should do it. Supposed to come out whack. I said, Angie, me and Dre did an album Take the opportunity. I said, are you going to regret it If you don't do it? And she was like, yeah. I said, and do it. I saw you take every opportunity that's presented in front of you now every check ain't a good check. There's been some endorsement stuff that I probably wish I never got involved with, but it's the way it is.


You take the opportunities when the opportunities presented themselves. Now how, that's why when I had the opportunity to do this band thing, We gonna get to the band. We gonna get to the band. You got so many good stories. Hard. He's here for the summary. F Lover presents the live mix tape. Summer Tall 2024. So he's on tour for that. So we definitely gonna be talking about that. We're Gonna get to that. But Who's the Man come? Yeah, I was gonna say, who's the man? How did that Happen? I wrote, who's the man I wrote the story for? Who's the man I knocked on Dre's door and then Dre And I expanded on it. And then Charlie, who's our manager, said, it's a good idea, let's take it to New Line. And then New Line said, yeah. And then we said, we are not doing it unless Ted directs it. And Ted was like, bet he wanted to do it.


And then they found a screenwriter because I didn't know how to write a script. And the screenwriter wrote the script and we sat with him, said, take that out. No, nobody talks like that in the barber shop. Take that out. Take it out. And then they green lit it, man. You know. So it was a, it was a good idea. And If, you look at it when you watch it, it says Story by Ed Love and Dr. Dre. 'cause we wrote the story. How's Dr. Dre doing now? Dre Is recovering. Dre has been not well for a while. You know he is suffering from diabetes and legally blind. But we got Dre in a good place right now and he's getting back to being Dre again. Now he's still my partner. We still talk all the time. He's still a damn fool. And we still do a lot of stuff together. So he's good.


Did did you do, you didn't do other films after Hoo The Man, right? Yeah. Yeah we did. Okay. Yeah, we did. We we had a three picture deal that fell apart. Wow. Yeah. So You know it's the way the cookie crumbles sometimes. But I've done a lot of movies bro. A lot of stuff. Yeah. Now I wanted to know You know at one time you talk about your finances and it and it went bad. What made the finances go bad? 'cause when you hear the stories, you hear the movies, you hear radio, you hear this. What happened? What was the, the money that was spent on, or maybe somebody took advantage. All Asked, bro, You just was talking about that this morning. I heard y'all talking about this morning. IRS but I I, I bounced right back off of that bro. Thank, thank God for the love of a good woman. My wife is smarter than me and she is the one that was like, don't worry about it, we'll get it together and when they freeze your account and take your money, that is a Whoa bro.


Wow. I was so happy I was getting paid the next two weeks. I was like, I got, I'm in the house crying. I ain't got no money. I they took like 90,000 straight out of my account, bro. Just like wipe me. I was like, Ah, I'm gonna die. I got So My wife was like, nah, just push the car note back, call these people, push that back, push this back and push it back. And I did. And, and And I was able to recover off of it. You know it was a good thing. Yeah, but you gotta pay that IRS baby you better. 'cause they coming for they money. They don't care when it is. What, What is the live mix tape? Exactly. The live mix tape is a journey of music. Like I was saying earlier, it is me coming full circle. These two beautiful individuals that you see behind me through all the singing that Carrie pps, that Sherwood Brown Jr.


They do all the singing. I do all the rapping and we got a full band and we take everybody on the musical journey and we just have fun. We do everything from ll to Cheryl Ly to Rick James, to Nicki Minaj. We do everything. You, you gotta hear them to sing man. They Monsters man. And If you In the New York area. He's gonna be at sobs this Friday and Wednesday. He's in Atlanta. So If you are in the area. Friday sobs Wednesday, Atlanta. Definitely go check him out. I see you were in Boston a couple days ago. Yeah. Yeah. How was that? That that was Boston was all right. But You know what was live. The cities that you don't think alive are the cities that's live Pittsburgh. Crazy.


St. Louis. Crazy Philly came out heavy. They was, they was crazy. Nashville was crazy. And the first time we did Atlanta was ridiculous. Yeah. That was cool. You know, I, I was gonna ask you, how do you feel about these hip hop like media personality lists and do you think You know icons, like You know the big boys, the Sues, the Angie's, even yourself. Do you think that y'all should still be on them? Because I feel like they gotta have some type of other all time hall of fame list for y'all. I don't even think they should put y'all in on on those things anymore. Yeah. I You know what I, I think everybody's list is everybody's opinion and everybody's always gonna differ with whatever list they come out with.


Who's the greatest that did this? Who's the greatest that did that? It's funny 'cause we was just having a conversation. 'cause I just recently heard somebody was like, I think Tank said Chris Brown was better than Michael Jackson did or something like that. And I was like, huh. Ridiculous. Yeah, it's just ridiculous. And I think now people do because everything is so social media, people do stuff for clickbait. Mm. So I think everybody that has their list is their list. My list is always gonna differ from their list. Somebody's always asking me who's my top five rappers of all time. I get the same answer. I don't have one, I don't have one. This, this, I go by errors. But I just can't say that this person is better than this person or that person's better than this person. 'cause you always gonna leave somebody off somebody that's dope.


Like somebody might say You know used to be Jay-Z Big and Nas at one point, right? Who the better Jay-Z. Big Biggin. But how do you leave 3000 out of that? How do you leave Black thought off of that? Cats Tupac back then Tupac back then. How You know. How do you leave most deaf off? It's just too many. Right? So everybody listens. Have your list. It don't bother man. I Think it's feeling too, like to me growing up, driving to school every day and hearing what's up y'all. What you gotta say Who's on the phone with Atisa and Jay Atisa and Dre. It is moments that you never forget. Right. But there's some kid out there that never heard that moment and their moment is good Morning. USA Yo. Yo, Yo Yo, Yo Yo Yo You know. And and it is generational because I don't think they actually understand what it was and what it meant to people You know.


Yeah. It's all generational. Like we, when I was a kid, we had our thing You know listening to Z 100 early in the morning. Then I had my time for the generation. And there's generations of people that listened to you guys every single day. It's just a generational thing. It doesn't make one thing better than another. Right. It's just what we had for our generation and our time. And now it's somebody else's generation and their time. The stuff that my grandson listen to is not the stuff that my daughter listen to. Correct. You know. I only understand it. It's a whole vibe, grandpa. I'm like, okay. He is whack. I like the Mount Rushmore conversation though because I feel like they are founding fathers, founding You know mothers Who Soldiers we absolutely stand on.


Right. So if you're talking about hip hop media, Mount Rushmore, you gotta be on. Gotta be on. Well, thank you. I would hope so. Have to. Who's sitting there with you though? Who would you say Is sitting with you? Well, Dre is definitely next to me now. Well, y'all are package I think. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. So that's one. Y'all are package. Y'all are one. Who else is There on the Mount Rushmore of hip, hip, Hip per media personalities? Oh geez. Damn. I can, I, I cannot leave. Angie Martinez. Gotta have. Of course. And I can't leave Flex off. I can't leave Funk Flex off of there it is. There's no way You know. Especially if it's If. you talk in New York. But this country is so big and there's been other people in other cities that have done wonderful things. Like we got the roll call from the Baker boys Wow.


In California. I had to call 'em and ask him, can we, can we do this Steve Smith try to give it to us? I was like, I ain't stealing nobody's stuff. Let me ask them. Right. And they were like, yeah man, y'all go ahead. I was like, all right, bet. Let's do the little twist to it and do it our way. So You know what's my man name? Ah, Daniel in the room. Dan, what's my man name that from Kday back in the days? You know I'm talking about Greg.


Hey. Hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night. The Million Dollar Hikes baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some Stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart to Roger P. Henson Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on.


Now back to the Funk Hybrid Nation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your getaway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the Great Outdoors. Plus with an available toing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent forward wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while victory on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure Cargo


NFL week one. It is finally here. And a new season means new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sportsbook, an official sports betting partner of the NFL. Are you ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking a player to score a touchdown. Let's go Score big with DraftKings. Sportsbook the best place to bet touchdowns. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app. Use the code Bobby Sports. Put in the code Bobby Sports and get $250 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks. You heard that right? And get one month of NFL plus premium on DraftKings. That's right. DraftKings The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 and Connecticut Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void, New Hampshire, Oregon, and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/ft Ball. NFL plus premium offer available only to new and former NFL plus subscribers. Additional NFL plus premium terms at nfl.com/terms.


He is big in LA on, well Kday was the first am all hip hop radio station. He's straight pioneer this stuff man. Wow. What would you say now? Julio G right? No. Julio. I used to work with Julio on pick up Julio too. What would you say as a, who would be the Other one though? You said who? Greg Mack. Greg Mack from Kday. Greg Mack. Mac from K Greg Mack from kd. Who would be the other person on the Mel Rushmore? I I, I don't sway Big boy. Sue. Definitely big boy. Yeah. Flex Angie, me, Dre. Y'all. Y'all made your mark man. You made your mark. You deserve to be on there, bro. Would you not put Wendy on there first? Wendy? Oh yeah. Wendy has to. Wendy, I'm sorry. Forget get Wendy was forget Wendy started the radio.


That's right. Yeah. Wendy definitely. I was gonna ask she was no disrespect Wendy. You definitely That. Absolutely. I was gonna ask, as a OG listening to different radio personalities, what do you like and what don't you like when you listen to radio? I Don't like the radio. I don't like the faking the phony. I like the authenticity. I I listen to y'all. I like what y'all are doing. And because you're authentic and you say what you feel and you mean what you say You. know what I mean? Y'all didn't get shook at all when Birdman came up in there. Y'all didn't get shook at all. Y'all just looked at him like Word. Okay. You really think it's that easy? Huh? So You know the, the time you check that. Who'd you check for saying something crazy about your wife? This is Samara Samara. Oh shit. Who?


Tyree individual. Ty. Everybody. Everybody. Yes. That's what I'm talking about. But that's who I'm, that's who I'm as a person. And I can. So who you are, 'cause I've known you for a while. I've known Charlemagne for a while. I just met you Lauren. Yeah. You just met me. Who y'all are is what we hear on this radio. Mm. And that's what I respect. I don't respect the fakeness now. All of that. Y'all don't, y'all never say my man, this my man that. Because y'all know this business. You've been in this business You know all that stuff is fake man. These people, your people, why you could do something for 'em. That's right. Then when you can't do nothing for 'em no more, they ain't your people no more. Correct. So that authenticity is what I respect and what I like. And the fake and the phony. I don't, I don't have any room for that in my life.


Well, Was it more beneficial to be friends with artists back in the day? Because I remember what No. Okay. No, it, it still ain't no. My friends now are the same friends I've always had. But I think my, probably my closest friend, I was closer to the reps than the artists. Always been closer to the reps than the artists. Probably my closest friend and was probably Pac and, and heavy, heavy D was very, we were very close. Rest In peace. Heavy. Yeah. Rest in peace. Heavy. I just see his daughter just got his catalog back. That's dope. After the fight for so long and she finally got the, the catalog and everything back. Yeah. Did you ever think of suing the NFL when they took the whole Come on. So thing from you. I ain't have to bro. They paid you Absolutely ain't that good. Wow.


I have to Yeah. What six figure ranges. It was nice. It was, it was nice. Yeah, it was great. Alright. My daughter got a master's degree. That's all I gotta say. Okay. What school did she go to? She went to, she went to Montclair State and then she got a master's degree at William Patterson. Let me Google how much that took. Nah, we had, we had to reach out. Yeah. Yeah. We did a little reaching out. Yeah. I was scared because it's owned by Disney. And I was like, damn, I ain't gonna be able to take my grandkids to Disney World. Be a big picture. Head love up there. Do not let this fool in. But it worked out. They tried to say they, they started, they know the answer. It was too Blatant. Yeah, it was too. It was a blatant it was a Blame theft. A blame. They even wrote it the same except they put, man.


Wow. I was like, all right. Nah, we ain't gonna let y'all get over with that. Not at all. Do Do you believe the New York nineties hip hop scene has been properly documented? No. No. Not yet. Not the whole scene. Yeah. No. No. Nobody's, nobody has done that yet. They've, they've properly documented certain parts of it. Right. They, the, the whole tribe part and the You know, but nobody's delved into mom deep and big and Jay and Nas and all the cats and Black Moon and, and Wu-Tang and all that stuff existing at the same time. That film hasn't been done yet. You know. So it hasn't been documented correctly.


No. And radio at the same time. Yeah. What New York Radio was back then was incredible. Yeah. We bursted on the scene. There was no other all hip hop radio station in New York City but Hot 97. So when we used to have these parties and we used to You know, oh, we number one again. And, and, and then we'd pat ourselves on the back and I'd be like, number one against who we competing against us. We the only ones here. Why are we happy about being, let's beat everybody and then we can say we number one You know. So it was that time was special and when you're living it, you don't realize how special that time is. It was just so much going on. So to answer your question, no. Nobody has documented. I wish somebody would was because there's so many different parts of it.


Fashion, right? Yeah. Right. The fashion was crazy called Kaine and Fubu Bu April Walker All Boy Bar Var. Right. 5,001 Flavors is what they was doing and everything, all that was happening at the same time, the parties cross colors. Chris Lama doing Cancun every year. We used to go to Cancun. Yep. That's where that the one mistake Chris made. And, and all of us slept on this. We did. Nobody trademarked. What happens in Cancun stays in Cancun. Vegas took it and trademarked it theirs. Wow. Wow. Yeah. That was, I was saying what happens in Cancun stay in Cancun because ev debauchery was happening in Cancun, bro.


Everybody was smashing everybody. So it was like, this is Cancun. We not bringing this home sweetheart. I know we had a good time in Cancun, but we home, we ain't Wow. It's not happening no more. I know you live in Minnesota. I'm never come to Minnesota. So you originated the block list. We, we had fun. We was walling. Do you feel like, I mean, 'cause now a lot of that fun gets turned onto people, lawsuits are happening, all that when you see, I understand it now, but, but when you see that like all that happen to like our legends like a Diddy and You know Russell, like different people. How do you feel about that? Because I know you had said one time like, I feel you can't take away what Diddy's done. I mean for music Wise, he can't take away his legacy. Yeah. Right. But what he did to Cassie that we saw on camera was atrocious.


Absolutely. And deplorable. And he should be ashamed of himself for it. Now the rest of it, I don't know. Have I been to Diddy parties? Yeah. Did I know what time to go home? Yeah. Have I hung out with Didi? Yeah. Have I had fun with Didi? Has Didi always treated me with love and respect? Hell yeah. So all I could go by is what I know about Sean cos what I saw deplorable and despicable and disgusting. And as a father of four girls, Diddy would've had a problem if that was my child. But I can't erase his legacy and what he did musically and what he meant to music. And I think he's learning a hard lesson right now. That these all them people that you thought was your people, they was never your people.


So What should happen to Diddy now? 'cause we talk about his legacy, right? You know people talk about forgiveness, people talk about he should lose everything. What what's your thoughts on what should happen to somebody like a Diddy? I think if there is something legal, let the courts play it out. But in a court of public opinion and morality, that's something totally different. And he hasn't been convicted of a crime. So the man is innocent and told proven guilty. And I would hope that somebody would feel that way about me. But I think he has to make amends for what we saw. We saw a video. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We saw a video can make amends for that. It happened. What's my man name? Ray Rice remember used to play for Baltimore. He did the thing in the, in the elevator and You know he didn't get to play professional football anymore.


So I think You know Diddy got some soul searching to do and he's gonna have to make amends for what we saw. Can he make amends for that though? Like how do you do that? Like after something like that? It's super public. It's at this point his reputation is what it is. Like how do you come back from something like that? I've never been in that situation, so I can't answer that question. But it is, it is gonna be tough the first, you gotta take care of what you need to take care of. As far, if I was in that situation, I don't know how or what I would do. I would think I would just have to rely on my God and, and just take everything one day at a time. But I would definitely try to make some amends for it and probably get some counseling for it. And what you said is true And I don't understand why people can't explore that. Like your emotions do be complicated when situations like this happen because Yes, what he did is disgusting.


Right. But we still can't act like we didn't wild out the all about the Benjamins and we didn't You know love that whole bad boy era at some point. Nah, we, we played one 12 in the show. Man, you, you gotta do the mace part You. know what I'm saying? Humble. You won two hub. You can't erase that. That's fire. I mean you're, you've never been in a situation like you said, but when I hear y'all talk about separating the man from the music, I feel like with r Kelly people instantly like Station stopped playing songs and all that stuff. Stuff stopped playing them people. Bang r Kelly and they Called. Yeah, but I'm just saying like, there was like a corporate like movement around because his music or Kelly, but it was different Track to what, what he was doing. Yeah. Like when you hear about what he's doing, you hear AJ ain't nothing but a number. It seems like it is a different, the music was about that Man.


That was a good song. That's so bad. I see. I think also with, I think, and this is gonna sound crazy, I think Diddy was, I don't wanna say more relatable, but he was more in tune to hip hop. I would see Diddy, we would go to Diddy parties. He was more, I know Diddy, I don't know r Kelly You. know what I mean? So it's a little different when you're dealing with people like that. Yeah. Yeah. And with Rob, with Diddy, you're not hearing nothing about underage You. know what I mean? You're hearing about wild parties and you, you're hearing about what happened with, with Miss Cassie Ventura, but you're not hearing about him taking advantage of underage girls and boys. And that's what we got from Rob. With Rob. It's all bad though, but You know It was, that was an open secret in the music business for years.


Really. That's what Rob's preference was. Yeah. Wow. You Ain't heard that before? All the, I mean I've heard, I've heard people say that. Yeah. Yeah. It was an open secret. But I mean, why do people, why do people allow that? I guess He was making money. Mm. People allow a lot of stuff when it comes time to make money. Right. I wanted to know You know back to the radio where you were talking about white program directors and white people running the industry when Hot 97 flipped to hip hop. Right. And of course hip hop is our culture. Did you ever feel a way that the bosses were white and they were pretty much telling us what to do for our culture? I I, in the very beginning of Hot 97, I can't say that I've ever felt that way because they were always in tune to what we were doing and open to listen.


It wasn't just like this blanket that when I went to Steve office, it said something to Steve. Steve would always listen when Tracy was there. If I go say Tracy, I think that we should be doing this, that and the third, Tracy would always listen. And if there was a corporate reason why we couldn't do it or there was a financial reason why we couldn't do it, she was, they were always open to listen. So I never felt that way over there. I never felt like I wasn't being heard. Even though this was the music that we grew up on and the music that we gave to The World, I never felt that, that I wasn't being heard. 'cause it's the same way at MTV. Everybody that was my boss at MTV was white. But I can always talk to Ted and Peter and they will always fight that good fight for me. Dre and Fab.


I, I love Tracy. Tracy was was the one that made me do. Yeah, Tracy Was great. Salute to Tracy. Shout out to Tracy. How did you approach on TV different from your approach on radio, television? Well, radio is You know this radio is is automatic. It's, it's right in front of your face. It's like soon as you walk out the house, whatever you said, people gonna repeat back to you. Television, you do your job, you act. And they may see it later or they may not see it. It may air this day, it may not air this day, radio is the most immediate thing because people get, you get it automatically and they're in your face and that's it. Mm. So radio, I approach radio differently to television. 'cause television, most times I'm on tv I'm acting well if I'm doing radio, it's just me.


Is it true that you were only making $500 a week the first week of Yo? MTV Raps? Yeah. Hell yeah. The first eight to maybe a year. Yeah, first year. Yeah. Wow. Because they didn't know what to do with the show. Fab was already there. Thank God for Fab Fab Fab F Freddie. Yeah. Fab f Freddie. Okay. He decided I You like Fs was there? No, just that was happen. No, not That Fab. There's another fab before Fab, right? It was Fab F Freddie. Got you. He was already there. He got on in in 88. So this show blew up. They wanted to do a daily show. So when they decided to do the Daily show, Dre And I got the opportunity to audition because Peter knew Dre Peter Doherty, God rest his soul.


Executive producer knew Dre, Ted Demi knew me. And, and Ted called me in. Ted had the foresight to put me and Dre together. They had a thousand dollars a week for a host. Got you. So Dre took five. I took the other five. It it, it didn't last that long. We got our money. What was the biggest check you got? If. you don't mind talking from radio or tv? The biggest check that you got At one, one time. Just like one check in my hand. A hundred thousand. What you was doing from that was from that was from tv. I had an opportunity to do a late night TV talk show and they gave me a hundred thousand dollars check in my Hand for a few episodes or like, No, it never is, it never air.


We shot the pilot at the David Letterman Theater and it was a good show and everything was a go. And then they called me and said, oh, we decided to go with Keenan Ivory weighs, but they gave me a hundred thousand. I'm like, fine. I mean, Keenan is a great guy. They gave me a hundred thousand dollars holding fee, so I was fine with that. That's when they hold you, like for a year. You can't do nothing else. Like you can't do another talk show. And they just handed me a check for a hundred thousand. But Dre And, I went from $500 a week to a quarter million dollars a year. Wow. After the first year Yo on TV wraps. Wow. Each, It feel like back then it was more about hip hop culture than money. Than hip hop business.


Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Money. I think at some point money ruined hip hop in a certain way. Why? 'cause it, it was about the culture. Like you had to be nice, right? You couldn't just get in. Like, you couldn't just go and, and, and You know wet, like the water hurt, heat hunt, hunt a wet, like the water. Wow. I'm so young and traumatized. I'm like, that's, she rocking. She Rocking. She's so young, she rocking. Water, water's flowing, and I'm flowing. So You know, you had to have some kind of scale, right? If, you came around with that, you might get beat up. Right. Right. And told to get outta here. Right. Wow. So you had to have some kind of skill level. But once the money got involved and everybody started making money, and you saw death row, a hundred million dollar company, you saw bad boy, a hundred million dollar company, you saw Rockefeller, a hundred million dollar company.


You saw Ruff Ryders a hundred million dollar company. Sooner or later it transitioned into we just trying to move units. We just trying to sell records. We streaming now. So everybody You know with Soulja Boy, which is another one of my favorite interviews y'all ever did. Drake. Drake, Frank. Oh, then I found out that that was true. You Know what's so funny? You brought up, so I remember being in New York, I forgot what year it was. And you was on going on a Soja Boy ranting, hated Soja boy. Hated hated son, boy. And we cool too. We cool right now what he did. What Was your issue with Big Draco Back then?


After the first couple of records? I just thought he was trash Yo. Boom. Yeah. I just thought he hated that. That's a hot record though. But guess what else I missed out on? Y'all not even gonna believe this son. What? Mike Kaiser. Y'all know Mike Kaiser? Of course. Mike Kaiser came to Hot 97 and played Get at Me Dog for me. And I said, it's the worst record I've ever heard about. You got it. Whoa. I I missed out on that. So I missed out on Big Draco too. So I apologizing. Damn. I missed out on it. I told that Your age when you told him that. Huh? When comes I was like, man, you bucking. I'm like, man, he barking. We already got a dog. We got Snoop Dogg. Why we need another dog? And then he was the beat that it that was used was the old Knickknack Paddy whack off of EPMD. I'm old school. You don't bite nobody else.


It's beat. Yeah. You don't use it again. And then we went to Westchester County for a hot 97 Hot Shot basketball team we had. And that DJ dropped that and them kids lost. Lost it. And I was like, ed, you was wrong. You was wrong on that one. What other things I didn't think Social Boy was gonna last. What other things did you miss out on that were like, now they're like, we look at the moments like, oh my God. Like that you could have been a part of, or could have been a first one. My daughter, my oldest daughter, Tiffany, I should choke the crap outta her. Lloyd Banks was in her homeroom class. Oh wow. Giving her the G Unit mix tapes before they were signed. Wow. And she never once said, ed, their dad hears this group called G Unit that's floating around and fifth was from South Side.


Jamaica. Queens. And. I. I'm, but Would you have done it back then? 'cause Fifth had beef with everybody from Queens. Absolutely. I would've did it. He Liked that type of stuff. That was, that Was on Dick Kick. Right. Because a Lot people, You know, stood away from, I probably Try to squash the beef. I would probably went to Black just, and like Yo, just man, talk to Preme, man. We gotta stop this man. We gotta get this kid going, this kid going. Matter of fact, y'all need points. What y'all need, we, let's Do. Yeah. My daughter, man, she did not tell me banks was in her class. And here go the crazy stuff. He went to August Martin. My daughter went to August. Martin, come to find out banks, moms was in my homeroom class at August. Martin High. Wow. Yeah. Wow. I seen banks last week. What's up to banks. I seen them Shout out to banks, man, banks.


How's the game evolved since you started and and what, what changes have surprised you the most? I think the changes that surprised me the most is we don't know how people getting paid from their music. You know the streaming thing. I, I hear a lot about it. Like, this person streamed this many streams. And I'm like, so how they getting paid? And then I saw Snoop complaining about he don't even know how he get paid off of his, his stuff. I always thought that we would have hard copies of music. Like it's, it is easier to say this person sold, actually sold. Right. This person is popular because they actually, people go out and consume and bought and paid for it and, and took it with them and live with it.


Like when Get Rich or Die Trying came out, we was running around the city trying to find somebody that had it. You couldn't find it in the record store. So I, I think what shocked me the most is, is, is the streaming and probably the lack of balance in hip hop. The balance is not there. It it, the love is gone. Like you had, even if we had, even if we had Kayah Right? We still had Latifah and Light and Salt and Pepper and it, it was always a balance. If, you, If you had NWA, you had some conscience over there, right? Most Italian qua. Yeah. Public Enemy, right? Yeah. Yeah. Tale Quale. The, the balance is just, is gone.


Why You think that is though? I don't know. I I, I don't know. Some people say it's the, the record companies. I, I don't know. I just think it's what people think they need to do to get on nowadays. Yeah. Because I feel like the conscious artists are there, but the controversy and like the other stuff breaks through. Yeah. So we just, they don't get the light. They don't get the You. know what I mean? You gotta be like a cult fan of someone who's conscious nowadays in order to know they're there. Right. Like the J Coles. Right. Like, well, J Cole breaks through though, but Yeah. Still gives the balance. Yeah. He, he does the balance. The cats like crit them. They, they, they give the balance. Rhapsody is one of, I've been telling people about Rhapsody five years ago. Absolutely. I love Rhapsody. She's, she's the Balance. The three T, 3D Nats. I love that young lady.


They give the balance. The Lola Brooks. I like Lola. There's a lot of young artists out there that I really like. But we need a, we need more of a balance. How Do you feel about the new wave of music in New York? The like, sexy Drew? It ain't for me. You don't Mean, So you not with the Uhuh. I mean, I can't see you dancing. It ain't it ain't it ain't for me. You gotta understand what's for you, what's not for you. Right. And And I get to a point now where I'm like, okay, that's, that's for them. If that's your vibe, that's your wave. Cool. Because I remember my father used to get at me about hip hop. He like, that's crap. That deep, that deep, deep, deep. Anybody can do that. I'm like, dad, it's music that ain't music.


So the way I don't get in the way of the young artists coming up, do your thing. God bless you. Y'all make way more money than we ever made so good. We open the door for y'all. Go ahead, run through that door and keep the door open for the next generation. Absolutely. Because y'all ain't going understand the next generation. I never thought I'd see the day You know. When you see a cat be like, who, who? Jay-Z. If Jay-Z wasn't a billionaire, they wouldn't know his music. No, that's real. That's really You. know what I mean? Some, Some people No Shade to Jay-Z I love you Jay-Z No. Some people be like, nah, I don't Listen of that. Some if it, if it wasn't like, some people know him as Beyonce's husband. They don't even know a lot of the stuff. Like I, they don't know he ever made a record. My niece knows him as Beyonce's husband. I think that's crazy. That's Insane. That is insane. Shout out to Beyonce too.


Send me some of that new whiskey you got coming out. I drink Burger. Well, tonight Case Tonight he's gonna be at sobs. Love ATBs. What time tonight does it start? Get your ticket right now. Seven O'clock. Seven o'clock. Ed Lover presents the Live Mixtape band. We rock a straight hour and a half. It's New York, so we might do two hours tonight And it's all good music. Come on out guys. It's date night. Bring Your Girl Ladies, bring your Fella. They have food there. It could be a Ladies Night Out. They recreate some of the biggest records in hip hop and r and b. Ed Lover does the rapping. They do the singing. So I can't wait to, we wish I, if I wasn't not town Vocals. We got Mr. Shirt with Brown Jr. On vocals and we got a hell of a band, man.


A bunch of really talented young cats. Man. We appreciate you for joining us this morning. Thank you, man. I appreciate y'all having me, man. I'm on The, Breakfast Club. Look at this. Absolutely. Listen, you, you one of the icons whose show do we stand on? So That's right. I appreciate you, man. And I always appreciated the fact that when Power 1 0 5, let me go and y'all came in. Y'all never crapped on me, man. And, I really appreciate on that level. I appreciate that. We wanna do Things that we want to do. Things that you Did absolutely You. know what I mean? We've been trying to figure out a movie for long, long time to stir something up. Now what about The? Breakfast Club, man, why you about to? I'm like, I'm me, me and Envy from the same hood son. I said, you ever heard The Breakfast Club say anything bad about me? No. Then I ain't gonna say nothing bad about The, Breakfast Club And I. So y'all do what y'all do, man.


And shout out to Jess. Congratulations. Yeah. Me and Jess did the essence last year together. She's a joy to work with. Man. We had to fight so many of your listeners when we first started. Oh man. I'ma tell you. I'm gonna tell you one of your biggest listeners who was on our head football. Warren Sap. Oh, Warren Sap was on our head. Warren Sap. Warren. Sap was Warren on our head. Between who of these young punks on the radio? Warren Sap was, oh My God. Yo when I, when I first got the power and we flipped power from the RB from jamming 1 0 5 to Power 1 0 5. That's the same calls I took that morning when we flipped the stadium. Where's such and such? Where's this person at? Who's that? I don't wanna hear. No Ed Love hit Dr. Dre on the radio. So it's full circle man.


Shout out to SAP though. Yeah. All right, well it's The Breakfast Club. It's Ed Lover. Good morning. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club. Hey. Hey Gavin. Round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Hikes Baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrence Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The Million Dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on. Now, back to the Funk.