
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required. Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke. Break This Christmas.


So You're Her, right? You're the boxer Experience. The incredible true story. As long as I'm boxing, I'm Gonna be Okay. A Claressa Shields my baby. Going to the lip, Let's go. Critics are calling the fire inside and inspirational. Knock out crowd pleaser. If I'm Been trained for this gold medal, I'm gonna eat exactly what the man gets. It's a monumental achievement. I've been working My whole life for This. The fire inside, based on the incredible true story rated PG 13 may be inappropriate for children under 13 only theaters everywhere. Christmas Day,


wake that ass up early In the Morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. We got the brother Corde. Welcome back. Hey, What's up y'all? How y'all feeling? What's up brother? I feel good. I got a third Breakfast Club interview man. That's that's tight man. A lot of people don't get to the third one, man. Yeah, that's True. Yeah, that's true. I ain't never thought about that. Well how you feeling? Happy holidays man. Nah, I appreciate y'all. I'm feeling good man. You know, just landed this morning, so I'm good. I feel like the Crossroads, which is your new project, I feel like it should be in a lot of rap album of the year categories. I concur. Yeah, I agree. Why do you think it's not? 'cause all the black people got fired at Atlantic, so it ain't no team. Jesus, there ain't no more To put down.


Oh my goodness. Look at fake. You know what, what, what God has in store for me. No man can get in the way of. That's right. And I think post album marketing is just as important, if not more important than pre album marketing. You know what I'm saying? Like, I've had albums to where they really get their legs like six months later after it comes out. You know what I'm saying? You still, you got a tour, you gotta, I mean the album's been out a month and I'm doing this with y'all. It's gonna be a bunch of new people who may not have even known I dropped something that see this. So I think post album Postle marketing is just like super important, You know? You know, We had a boss man Dilo up here and he said that he values reaction over sales. Okay. So what do you consider successful?


This album or any album? I would, I guess it depends on how you define reaction. So, but I guess how people, I don't know. 'cause I try not to put like too, because I'm an artist And I'm sensitive about my shit, right? The quote Erica. So I try not to put too much like re I guess thought or energy into reaction. But it, I, I'll be, I'll be alive. I say it don't feel good when people are like, yo, I love this album. I've been getting a lot of that amongst this album. A lot of people telling me it's my best work. I'm seeing it online. A bunch of people rock with it. But for me it's when I'm performing it, that validation for me is when I'm performing it and people are like reciting the lyrics to me.


People are coming to see me when I'm out and about and people are coming like, yo, this line like just really registered with me. Or like, this song really connected with me. You know, me and my family talked about this. And so that, I guess that's the validation more so. So that's Success to you when people know your stuff, listen to your stuff, your core, you don't need a number to sh to make it successful or do you No, just more so I think to the point I, we just made earlier and even the boss Delos point is just like, people liking it, people enjoying it. It does feel good when people enjoy your music, right. As a artist. Like you gotta have, can I curse? Yeah, yeah. Okay. You gotta have a sense of like not giving a fuck. You gotta like, when you in there creating and you put it out, you be like, yo, you gotta think like, I don't give a fuck what people think.


Like truly that's the only way you're gonna ever put anything out. Right? But it at, at the same token, it feels really good when people actually do like the work that you're putting out. So that feels good to, to get such like positive like feedback from real people and fans that's out there that I'm meeting in real life and like fans online. But then also again that, that validation for me is when I'm performing it and people are rapping the lyrics back to me coming to see me perform the music. So that it's validation comes in a multitude of ways. For sure. Why is it called the Crossroads then? You said it's your third time up here, this also your third album. Yeah. And this is the crossroads is that does this has something to do with your personal life, how you feel, at what point in your life are you right now?


Yeah, I feel, Do you think he's dying or something? Oh my God, beat This is not About the bones, the and Harmony. This is the crossroads can mean a number of things, Sir, But, well I did sample the Bone th intro. Yeah, yeah. On the intro. But, but more so for me it WI had to pay homage. If I'm gonna call the album The Crossroads, I gotta bring some bone thugs in it. But for me, just more so it's like when I was making this, the crossroads represent for me is like not necessarily know where I'm going. And when I was making this album, I kept saying I'm at a crossroads. I'm at a crossroads, I'm at a cross. I say it like on like seven different songs before I even knew the title of the project. And so I'm like, why I keep saying this to music, am I at a crossroads?


And so like, You know, quarter life crisis is like a real thing. Quarter Life crisis. Yeah. Do you never heard of that? No. You know, I think somebody, I forgot who it was a, a artist made a album called Quarter Life Crisis. I can't think of the name of it. I don't think it was like a really big album. But like I looked at, it's a thing, it's, I don't know if it's a thing, but I seen it there and I, it's a thing, right? How old are you Now? Like 30? No. Oh my god, I'm 27, bro. The World thing in The World to be 30 Midlife Crisis. I mean, I'm a fresh 27 too, but, but that's a, but even that 27 club, You know, not to speak that energy. I'm gonna live a long, prosperous life.


But yeah, just more so the, the feeling of unknowing of where I'm going next. You know what I'm saying? And that's an exciting thing, but it's also, it's fucking scary, honestly. So that's how I came up with the cross lines. I don't believe in vision boards and stuff like that. Like, I mean, 'cause You know, they always say you can tell you you god, your plans, but he might, God will laugh at you like you're a good plan God plan for you. Yeah. We plan God laugh. That's right. Yeah. That's a, a proverb. But I think it's a Yiddish proverb. But I say all this to say, yeah, I definitely make vision boards. I do like a planner at the end of every year, beginning of next year, I've been doing a, I write in my little notebook where I journal a a lot. And honestly, yo, I knocked out a bunch of stuff that I wrote down.


I, I did like a thought bubble of goals more so at the end of last year. And I knocked out a bunch of those stuff. Like one of my thought bubbles was like to have a song with, with, with Yay. Formerly known as Kanye West. That was on my thought bubble. And so yeah, I do vision boards, I write down goals and dreams and stuff, but I haven't done a vision board since 2018. So I, I literally thought about that like a couple days ago. I'm like, nah, at the end of this year I'm gonna do another vision board. But I always like write down my goals and stuff for the next year for sure. But you and that even with that, you don't know where you want to go. Now I do know where I want go, but it's more like just an, you can ha you can have an idea of where you wanna go, but where you actually go. It is sometimes the difference. Yeah, sometimes you write on the money, like, yo, I want to do this, I want to do this this year, this, this and that.


And then your path can be like, well I did this, this, and that. But actually that wasn't right for me. You know what I'm saying? So God brought me here. But what I've learned is too, was like what's meant for you will never miss you. That's right. No matter how hard you try to fuck it up, You know what I'm saying? What was never meant for me, excuse me, what's meant for me will never miss me. You know? How has Your life, how has your life changed now that you have a child, right? Because your daughter's one years old And a half. Yeah, one And a half. One and a half years. Yes sir. So how, how has things changed as a young father? Yeah, For me it's more having a respect for my time. You know what I'm saying? Being more like disciplined when it comes to my time. And also having more respect for other people's time. You know? 'cause I'm like, I want people to respect my time. 'cause I got kids. I, I can, You know, when I leave the house, it needs to be something important or something that I love to do.


Something that's fulfilling fulfillment for me is going into the studio, enjoying good times with friends. You know, my job is, I mean, You know, this is essentially part I, I want, this doesn't even feel like a job to me though, to be honest. But I say this to say, yeah, you don't Even take your coat Off. Yeah, no, exactly. It's a fresh coat. But I say all this to say, yeah, when I leave the house, it has to be something important, You know? So it just really has me focused on like time management and versus before, like I'll be, You know, as an artist, like you'll be in the studio from like 9:00 PM to 6:00 AM one day. Then the next day it might be like from 7:00 PM to 3:00 AM So you're kind of all over the place versus like, when, since I had a daughter, it's like now I'm in the studio from 9:00 AM to 6:00 PM six days a week.


And then three out of those six days I come back to the studio from like 10:00 PM to 4:00 AM. So it's more of like a regimented of me like recording and stuff. And I think I'm more productive now because I don't take my time for granted, You know? Don't That feel like work though? Like if you set like work hours, nine to six. 'cause creativity comes all times a day. All times a night. Like, Yeah, that's why I do that. That's why I do three times a day. I do it at night too. But I've noticed all the most successful artists that I've talked with or linked with, they work like that. Like Pharrell, he works like from like 9:00 AM to like three. Like, he works at like a nine to five. I seen somewhere, Eminem is in the studio every day from nine to five. He takes a lunch break at noon. You know what I'm saying?


A bunch of other successful artists, I know they're like on a regimented schedule because where I guess motivation is low, that's where discipline kicks in or inspiration, You know, is low. That's where just like discipline comes in. And what I've learned too is like every verse that I write is equity. You know what I'm saying? Whether that verse makes the album or not, that verse can be used for, let's say somebody wants me on that song, I could use that verse for that song. I could use that verse for like a movie sync, a video game, syn. You know what I'm saying? And so me, I I really, it doesn't feel like work to me above all else because like, I love doing this. Yeah. Like, I love like being in the dojo, if you would, You know, And I switch up the times and locations of where I cook at.


Like, I might like rent outta Airbnb for like two months, bring all my studio equipment there and we just creating outta there. I might, You know, I I I find creative ways to get creative. I saw one of those crazy YouTube videos and, and it said, it said, why Core Day's career hit a crossroad album. Flops horrendously. Yeah. Do you feel your, well you just said it, you feel you're at a crossroads, but do you feel like your album flopped? No, because like probability of that, it's like some white boy in Indiana. Not that it's a race thing, but it's like the truth of the people that run those. And like if you look at channels like that, their whole channel subscribes to a bunch of negativity. That's right.


That's like, that's like what they're about. So you can nitpick every artist in music, you could find something negative and nitpick at where like they lack of where they lack in some department. You know what I'm saying? But no, because like I had other albums that didn't have like a strong first week. But again, my tour end up doing super well and then later on it grows and becomes like a larger thing. Like why spend all this time focusing on one week, one week we gonna spend all this time focusing on one week when there is 52 weeks out of the year. Like, you going to just give up on the album because like, it didn't have a super strong first week. You know what I'm saying? Excuse me. What I'm saying, and I think I get compared to like mega stars, like my first, like if you compare like a court, a first week sales to like a Kendrick Lamar, first week sales of like, of course there's a discrepancy, but when it comes to like my actual peers that do the type of music that I do this, like, it's all like a balance.


It's there, we're all at doing the same comparative numbers, You know, even though comparison is a thief of joy, but just, that's a whole nother perspective. But yeah, no, I don't, I have no worry about what some white man says about my career. What's your Relationship with Wayne? I see Wayne on a, on a project a Couple times. Oh, Wayne is the one I've got. I've gained so many gems from Wayne. Like, honestly, like when it comes to creativity, when it comes to creating music, when it comes to like, he, he gave me some gems that like you have to treat every single song. Like it's people's first time hearing you. And it sounds so simple, but it like lit a fire under my brain of like, nah, son.


Like that is, yo, it's so simple. But it says so much of like, what happens is I've been blessed. I have like a core audience in the core fans that like rocks with me no matter what I put out. But that can also become a hindrance because you, in the studio you like, yo, my fans gonna love this regardless. Like no matter what I do. Versus you taking that approach of like, I gotta make a first impression on people. I gotta treat every song. Like it's people's first time hearing it. It makes you like really like, want to give it your all. Yeah. If you, if that makes sense. And wanna make sure like, yo, is this worth hearing? You wanna make a good first impression and the fan that way, the fans that you already have, they're gonna be like, oh my God, this is the greatest thing in The World. And for somebody who's like 50 50 on you, who may be, okay, I heard a song, I heard a freestyle, I don't know, like that hear a song then or album.


Then they like, oh nah. Like they legit, You know? So I think that was a huge thing I learned from Wayne. And also like that work ethic just by just, he teaches by, by doing, You know what I'm saying? Like his, I've been able to be blessed to watch him up close and his work ethic is like incredible and his love for music. It, it, it just never goes anywhere. And you understand why he sold like 300 million records and been, he's like hip hop's Michael Jackson, if you would because if you think about it, there's not that many people that were like child stars that went on to become superstars and more successful as they get older. You know what I'm saying? Ha Ha. Have he ever told you why he likes to collaborate with you?


No, I don't ask. I didn't ask. He got some songs on this album. Yeah. Nah, nah, I don I don't ask. But I mean he definitely like give me my props and my loves of just like, yeah, you want, he, I mean he says I'm a killer, You know what I'm saying? He's like, nah, you a killer. Like, why? Like you scary. You know what I'm saying? So he's like, yo, you are a killer and you scary. So I, I would assume that's why You know, how Many, how many songs y'all got in the vault together? One joint. We got one un like unreleased joint. Okay. Yeah. But it's, yeah, that, that mentorship and that guidance is like, is you can't put a price tag on that. How'd y'all meet? I don't like how you whispered that. I guess something. But how'd Y'all meet? How I didn't whisper nothing. How'd y'all meet? That's what you wanted to hear. I Didn't say it like that. I said, how'd y'all meet? Actually he had a good job Court.


They just ignore him. Good job. Yeah. Nah, it's all good. I I didn't You've done this before. Yeah, yeah, exactly. It's not my first, You know, obviously we said what I was finna say Damnit. Oh yeah, yeah. How we meet. I did a, a interview with, he had a young money, not had, he has a young money radio. Oh, apple, apple music. Yeah. So we started with that. Then I got his number, he shot me his number through there and it's just been like back and forth since then. You know, I think we Gotta stop saying things like the hip hop Michael Jackson though. Yeah. Yeah. Only because Wayne is Wayne and he's a all time great. I think sometimes when we make those comparisons it puts unrealistic expectations. 'cause I don't think people realize how big Michael Jackson was.


I think y'all generation says that shit. Yeah, but y'all really don't realize how big Michael Jackson, I mean he sold a hundred million records off one album. They had to Be there a lot. And a lot of 'em That's my point. Weren't there for That point. Yeah. You know what I mean? To sell a hundred million records off one album when people had to get up and go to the store. That's also a, a different thing. Going back to our earlier points with like how albums are consumed. Because when Michael Jackson sold a hundred million records, 100 million people or 30 million people three times, like people, you had to actually leave your house and go to the store. That's right. To buy a album versus now like, like the Spotify Apple music streaming equivalents. You gotta stream a song has to stream 1500 times to count as like one singular unit to where you can have like 500,000 people all streaming your music once.


And it equates to like, I can't do the math on the top of my head, but like, not like a high number. So I say going back to the original point of Dwayne, You know what I find comparison is the easiest way to describe something. You know what I'm saying? Like, comparison is like the easiest way to describe something. So just my more so point was like, it's like being a child Star, being and growing to now. Yeah. And being even more successful and better as an adult. You know what I'm saying? So that was the whole point. But yeah. Now Michael, I'm, I'm a huge Michael Jackson fan. I, but I was born in 97, You know what I'm saying? So that was like what his story. Oh Yeah. Like, You know what I'm saying? So Yeah, yeah. Like Invincible.


I was there for Invincible. That was like one of those. So I love, I Love Invincible by the way, that album, he got the, the flow tree join on there, the butterflies. So what do you think about streaming? 'cause I, I see you, you broke it down so you really thought about streaming, right? Yeah. And like you think about it, if I stream your full album Yeah. And I only stream it once, that doesn't count as a sale. No. Which is wild to me. You have to stream it 1500 times it count as one, which is wild. So, so what, what's your thoughts on the streaming process and, and have, And I know you signed, but would you ever say, You know what, I'm gonna go direct to consumer. Yeah, for sure. And You know what? It's a bunch of like, I always have these, 'cause I love music, I love hip hop. I'm always having like, not always, but I have these talks like amongst my friends of like the difference or like even amongst other artist friends or like the pros and cons of being an artist today versus like, let's say the nineties, right?


Like in the nineties, even early two thousands, they made a lot more money off like actual act Off actual music. Off the actual music because it was physical sales. You know what I'm saying? So where like again, when you sold 1 million records that mean 1 million people bought it and it was let's say $10 a copy to where like, yo, you're actually making so my bad to go into tenure. So back in the nineties, two thousands, right? They made more money off the actual music, off music, sales, publishing, et cetera. But they weren't making as much on ancillaries, like touring merch, brand endorsements. So today we had like, I was in a Coca-Cola Super Bowl commercial as Corde. And I say that to say like I am, like in the eighties, nineties, you had to be like the, like Michael Jackson was in like a Coca-Cola or Pepsi.


Pepsi Pepsi, yeah. Super Bowl commercial or like, You know, commercial, whatever. Right? So I say this to say back in the nineties, they didn't have too many like, ancillary opportunities and they weren't making as much money on shows and stuff like that. Today we make more money off shows, festivals, brands, et cetera. But it doesn't make as much on the actual music because the way music is scaled is like kind of cra I don't know. IJI just don't know. I'm not gonna act like an expert on it. It's just like super complicated but pros and cons to both, You know, it might even out and balance out, You know, but it's, it's different Now in the song. Oh six Dreaming. Yeah. You talk about your mom and her musical dreams and how she tried out for making a band and American Idol.


Yep. And you sample with one of her old songs. How she feel about that when she heard it? Oh, She liked it. Yeah, she liked it a lot. Yeah, she definitely liked it. 'cause it's just like a, that's one of my favorite songs. 'cause it's obviously it's close to home, but it's like a story of irony of just like, and also a story of how like you can love something so much that it gets passed down to your kids whether you like it and whether, You know, you have an influence on that, like outwardly or not, You know? Yeah. And so I, I love, love it again 'cause it's close to home. It's a story of irony and it's just hip hop of like, yo, I sampled one of my mom's old songs and y'all telling the story. I mean she definitely got her pub and points for sure. She ain't charge me. I made sure You know, she eating off that.


You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So she gotta a just do for show. So I, I say all this to say, yeah, nah, thank you. I I I rock with that song a lot. Ain't you kind Of glad she ain't make the band? I know you aec static. She ain't make the band right now. You say, you say that on the record, you, you said, I can't remember what the line was, but on you said, you basically said you think Puff is a victim of his own karma. He made him run six miles and your mom didn't make the band. So do you really, do you think that, do you think Puff is a victim of his own karma? Because you said look at Puff now. I, That's one way they, it can be interpreted, it can be interpreted in a bunch of different ways. You know, it just depends on like what lens or what air you listening to it. But so What'd you mean by the bar?


You know what? To be honest, like that bar was something I was so like hesitant on saying because like above all else, not even above all else, like above all else, I'm a human being. Right? But with a, being a human being, I'm, I'm super pro-black and like publicly, I don't ever wanna speak bad about another black man. But damn, this nigga's making it hard, You know what I'm saying? Like honestly like pause. Oh my God. Oh my Super Pause. Crazy. Yo, my goodness. She said Puff is making it hard. Crazy. Yo. Wow. You know what I'm meant by that? No I Don't. Cor no We don't. No. Hey nah nigga, we ain't finna do this. We ain't finna do this. The pause, the pauses that you have, that's facts.


He got some pauses. So I say this to say, go back to my man, let's leave this shit alone, man. Like there's no right answer to this shit. Right? I tried to motherfucking joke around this shit, You know, but y'all some profess, but yeah, to my point, like I don't ever wanna publicly speak down on another black man, but like, oh, You know, like, fuck You got a song on the album with Kanye? You talked about it earlier. It's called No Bad Juice. Why would you do that? No Bad Juice. Yo, you crazy man. No bad. Yo, you're crazy. It's called No Bad News. Oh, news. Yes, you're right. I'm sorry. Yeah, Yeah, it's called No Bad News. How was that? Because I know he's on your Mount Rushmore. Yeah, I mean, bro bunk Juice, bro.


Yo, That's what I thought it was called. This might be a typo, I'm sorry. Yeah, yeah, yeah, it could. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean that's definitely a dream come true bucket list. What'd you learn from that session, Man? I mean, yo Ye's. One of the, the, the goats, like he, I had a different hook for that song and he sent over notes and like instead of saying this, You know, say this. That's what I just said. Yeah. Yeah. So let me finish. Okay. Okay. My bad, my bad. That came up. You been, you been throwing me like I know, I know he messing with, You know, you just told, You called it no bad news. He wanted to call it something else. No, no, that's not the title. There was no back and forth over The title.


But yeah, basically like, yo, this, I mean point blank period is a genius, creative genius at the highest level. What can I say about him creatively that he doesn't already know and that we as The World doesn't already know, but definitely a bucket list to work with him for sure. What kind of space is he in right now? I, I can't speak for another man. Okay. You know what I'm saying? But were y'all together in the studio? No, no. Nah, we weren't all together. It was all remote. So I don't want to, You know, speak for another man. I love the record all alone. Oh, thank you. What Do you think could fill that void of loneliness for you? I don't know. 'cause it's funny about that song too, because I actually had sampled like, it was this like Korean jazz artist who did a cover of that song.


But like the person who owns the master like hates that person. And so we went back, went back And I found like the Luther sample, which is like super dope too, that he cleared that Luther don't let you curse on this shit either. That's a whole nother story. But yeah, so I guess what fills that void may my family. Okay. You know what I'm saying? First and foremost, I could've went straight to that. But being around my family definitely like, You know, helps that enjoying life experiences with my family helps fill that void. Because I mean, being a generational curse breaker is, it's a lonely road, You know what I'm saying? It's not for the week being famous or a artist with a platform that that shit is not for the week.


Like you said, You know, earlier, like somebody's always gonna have something to say no matter what people always gonna have, especially in the zeitgeist of this earth is like negativity is just like, it connects the most, You know what I'm saying? Unfortunately. And so, yeah. So at times, You know, you can feel alone, but for me feeling that void is like, You know, being around family, being around my daughter and enjoying life and making memories with them and building my own tribe of like community, You know what I'm saying? Because I feel like in hip hop and black people in general, not to speak for the, the general consensus, but there needs to be a lot less competition and, and a lot more community. I can speak on that for hip hop for sure. Like I love the competitiveness when we going at it, You know, when everybody going at it with the bars.


'cause that's, that's the genesis of hip hop. That's the heart of hip hop. But as far as just like, You know, sharing knowledge, sharing information, resources, connecting, I feel like there needs to be a greater sense of community, You know? So Yeah. I, I wonder about that often. I I I sometimes I think it's, it's too many of us to ever have a, a sense of community. Like you'll find your tribe and amongst your tribe you'll have community, but black people aren't monolithic. You're talking about 40 plus million people. Yeah. I don't know if you can ever have community amongst 40 plus million people. What does monolithic mean means that All of us aren't the same. Okay. Yeah, I thought so. I just wanted to make sure. But yeah, I mean, and that's the beauty about bl being black.


Like, I think you ever heard of like RDC, they're like the comedian, they're like a group of comedians and shit online. Oh yeah. Skits and shit. Yeah, they're funny. But they have this thing called, like they have this con that they have in, it's like a festival if you would in Austin, Texas. And it's basically like a safe place for like black nerds that love anime. But it's like, yo, like that's, you wouldn't think if you're just like, not wanting to think, but I'm just like, yo, the fact that you found like your niche audience and made a safe space because it's like 30,000 people there and it's all people that love like anime and shit like that. And so just going back to the point of just like, You know, community, I don't know, I, I, I think community is important and find it, you don't have, you're never gonna find one person that agrees with you on 100% of everything, or one person that likes 100% of everything that you like.


But finding a community of just good people that look like you or don't look like you, but have the same morals, values and on the same wavelength. You know, I think that's super important of just finding, creating your community of like-minded individuals. And I think in hip hop specifically, like, I guess lyricism or substance driven artists like that, I, I can sense that's something that needs to be like builded upon, You know? Mm. Had a question, Jess. So Yeah, I did have a question a long time ago. I see. Yeah. I know that you, you said you like to, You know, be with your, your baby girl, your daughter. Yeah. How are you and Naomi though? We Good? I just seen that y'all had a big night like a couple nights ago at Jamie Fox.


Y'all was at something. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Nah, we good man life, y'all Know, because y'all don't post each other so much. Yeah. People even speculate about that. Maybe they broke up or anything. That speaks to what you was talking about, about just everything connecting negatively. Yeah, for sure. Me honestly, like I am a super private person. I am like, I try my best as much as I can be. Like when it comes to my personal life to be super private, like as much as I can be, because some stuff you gotta keep for yourself and when you allow like outside opinion, when you let in outside opinions can be family members, You know what I'm saying? And that can get in the way of stuff that's important to you. So man, when you add The World to that, that that's a whole nother thing.


And so I try to be as private while speaking on it now, but I try to be as private as I possibly can about like my personal life. Like, You know, even with my daughter and, You know, yeah. My relationship and stuff. Do you feel like, oh, go ahead. Do you still talk to the YB and crew? I talk to Almighty JI don't really talk to Namir like that, to be honest. Okay. Why? I don't know. Like, I, it's for me, there's no matter what Namir got to say about me publicly, there's always a level of respect and appreciation that I have for Namir that like nobody can ever get me to like talk bad about my mirror, You know what I'm saying? Because like, yo, that dude threw me the oop And I caught it and dunked it. He, he, she shined that light on me.


And I'm like, for, I'm not even saying this to be like politically correct, it's just the god's honest truth. I'm super grateful for him. Like he changed my life, You know what I'm saying? For lack of a better word. And so, like I said, he shined that light on me, You know what I'm saying? Threw me the oop, You know, I caught it, windmill it and I'm, I got so much love for him. Like I talk to Namir mom more than I talk than namir, You know what I'm saying? Like that, that's how that is. So yeah. I Was gonna ask you, will Y'all have a talk you Talking? Yeah, for sure. Like, it'll be like random, like birthdays and, You know, stuff like the, the distant relative is like the best comparison for communication. Like I remember when I did Coachella like two years ago, I wanted to bring him out for that 'cause I'm like, yo, that'd be crazy just on some stuff. But he ain't want to do it for whatever reason.


Not saying it was like any bad blood, but yeah, nah, like I said with nah mayor bro, like I got so much like love and appreciation for him that again, even if it ain't the same way, it's nothing that he can say to ever make me forget like all the love that he has shown me. You know, I was Gonna ask how, how do you deal with social media? Are you on social media? Because between your girl yourself, if she has a bad game, they blame it on you. Yeah. If you have a bad album, they blame it on her. So it's like how do you deal with that as far as mentally and even in your relationship? Well, it comes down to like, I've truly, like, I don't give a fuck bro what people think because people, I've learned too that internet isn't a real place.


Like it, it has influence, right? It does have influence, but it's, it's not a real place and people are always going to say something. People nitpick anything apart. Like literally people always find something negative and the most positive stuff, Charlamagne, you can do a toy drive and give away a hundred thousand dollars worth of gifts. And if you got a cameraman there, niggas going be like, oh, you just did it for the camera and let's just say you did, you, you overlook the positive part of like, yo, this nigga just gave away a hundred thousand dollars worth of gifts. You know what I'm saying? And so people always gonna have something to say and the sooner you realize that is like, bro, y'all can all suck my dick.


You know what I'm saying? Pause. You know what I'm saying? But, And it's crazy that nobody ever brings that up for the negative stuff, right? Yeah. Like somebody can just be online flossing, have the money phone to their ear, doing it for the camera. Yeah. But nobody ever says you just doing that for the camera. But anything positive, you just doing it for the camera, it makes no sense. Yeah. Nah, I, I totally agree with that. Yeah. Nah, it's all I mean of The World. Nah, the state of it does it. My, with me again, I'm especially It has to be for your your girl because it's like they attack everything and it's like, damn, leave her alone. Yeah. For me, like I, I can't speak what like she feels, I ain't gonna speak for her, but I, I'll be the worst PR person for her. But I, I say all this to say like for me, like again, I am an artist and I'm sensitive about my shit.


And with this album like, yo, it's been like people been fucking loving the album. You know what I'm saying? Like, it's been across the board like, yo, I really fucked with this album. It really connects with me. But I'm at a place now to where you don't create, I was, I was doing a stream with, I'm Dante, this kid, I'm Dante black streamer, super dope, super funny. And like I was telling him like, bro, like even with these streamers, and not to say like I'm all knowing and shit, we figuring this shit out day by day. But it's like day their next move is based on what the fucking chat is saying. You know what I'm saying? They're like, they what they say, their whole mood is based on what the chat is saying. I'm like, I get it. That's your job. But like you can't live like that.


Not just The screaming.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with a nice cold Coca-Cola copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola company.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


It is Ryan Seacrest here. There was a recent social media trend which consisted of flying on a plane with no music, no movies, no entertainment, but a better trend would be going to Chumba Casino dot com. It's like having a mini social Casino in your pocket. Chumba Casino has over a hundred online Casino style games, all absolutely free. It's the most fun you can have online and on a plane. Live the chumba life at Chumba Casino dot com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus Terms Inc.


How Do you feel when you switch to Geico and save on your car insurance? It's like getting right out of bed late for work yet your hair looks immaculate. No blow dryer, no comb, no sculpting gel. Just a flawless look as if you walked out of your house and straight onto the cover of a men's fashion magazine. Good morning Steven. Oh, have you done something new with your hair? It looks amazing. They don't have the slightest clue. You were half a asleep drooling on your pillow not 10 minutes ago. Yep. Switching and saving with Geico Feels just like that. Get more with Geico Though.


Yeah, there's people in general. Nah, they will look at them comments, them YouTube pages and it will influence every single thing they do. Yeah, I think the most power that you can give yourself in this era is to disconnect from all of that and have opinion or create art and not even worry about what anybody on social media is gonna say. Nah. 'cause they're always gonna say something. That's right. It's always gonna be negative. And so what I've learned is, let's say even back to an album, like if people I've learned to like not give a fuck because let's say every, everybody loves this out. Like, like again it's been like really positive feedback on this album. I fuck with it. Nah, thank you. Appreciate it. But let's say you drop an album and everybody's like, this is the greatest shit ever. This is a classic.


You can let that get to your head and create an ego of like, oh I am as great as they say I am. Then your next album people might not love it and they're like, oh this is shit and it can, it can fuck with your confidence. Like damn, maybe I am shit. Like they say I am. And so when You know who you are, nobody can tell you who you are from my experience. And so that's why it comes down to like, I don't give a fuck with people think whether it's great or bad, You know what I'm saying? And it's like, yo, like I can sleep well at night. You know what I'm saying? I know I put a a bunch of work in in the music And I can live with that, You know, no matter what the outcome is. Now it gets tricky when like, if you be honest with yourself, you like, damn, I coulda put more time and effort into this.


I could have put more thought and energy into this and then people don't like it and then it's like, yeah, damn the niggas might be saying some shit. You know what I'm saying? But if you like truly put your all into it, your heart into it and like people are like, yo, this shit, You know, it's like, yo fuck him. Like suck a dick. I'll try next time. You know, Paul, suck A dick. I'll try next time. God damn court. You know what I meant? No I don't listen. Oh my God. Listen. Do you Question I have, by the way, I've been hanging with my little brother and them, they some young niggas, they like 20 and so my paws radar has been like through the roof. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And meaning like I pick up the P I'm, I'll usually pause myself first and others. You Got gay ears Pause, it's fun. No, no, ain't nothing ho ain't nothing homosexual about nothing on this part.


If that's somebody's prerogative, that's all them. But any who, what would you finish? I got gay ears. You got gay. Everything honey, you got more. Get his bro Uhuh, he got more. Get his Hey, live your truth brother. By all means. This is, this is a safe place and we are, he's protecting we an abundance of love. That's right. And joy for you no matter, You know what you like to do in your free time when you Write because of the mother of your child. Yeah. Question your lyrics. For example, like when I hear pray is pray about Naomi. I try to make my music as from my heart and relatable as possible. And also I answer that with, I just let the music speak for itself.


It's a lot of insecurity you're showing on that record. Then I just, I let the, because I'm so, and also too, because I'm so vulnerable in my music, that's why I don't do too many interviews. Like I, like I said, You know, this is my like third time on here. You know, we have a rapport now to where I I I can't come with y'all with. Well I can, but like, I'm not gonna come with y'all. Not to say there's anything wrong with people that do this, but I'm not gonna come with y'all with a list of like, shit to not talk about. You know what I'm saying? So I, I say all this, You can't, when you got a bar that says you, you, you never gonna be in interviews and not be authentic. That is true. Mm. That's a bar. But so I say this to say because I am to be authentic, right? Because I am so vulnerable and personal in my music, it's some stuff I'd rather not go into detail and overexplain it, You know, because it kind of is like a magician revealing the magic trick, You know, the trick.


So yeah. Do you feel like sometimes being like the boyfriend overshadows being the boyfriend of her overshadows you being corde? Nah, 'cause I was corde first and like, I'm, I'm very confident like in myself, like as a, I don't really like to pop my shit, but like I'm a super successful like young black man bro. You know what I'm saying? Like, I'm wealthy, I'm blessed, I do it. And above all else, I'm a man of God and I'm a pro, not prideful, but I am a, a very unapologetic black man. You know what I'm saying? And I say all that to say yeah, no there isn't. Alright. Alright, well, oh I got some more questions. Oh, okay then nigga We here baby, we here.


Don't try, don't get the 30 minute one nigga Never see it with Juicy J. Joking you, you, you say you might see me stressing over blessings that I prayed for. Yeah. And I wanna talk about that line because I overstand it. Yeah. Like expound on that for people. Like bro, like this shit is stressful bro. You know what I'm saying? Like people can come into an interview and be stressed out based on the questions that they're getting. Like you just asked me about two super controversial top. Not to say that's a bad thing, but like one can view that as like fucking oh my god. Stressful. But what going, I pray for let's leave it alone my for bringing it up. Don't even bring it Back. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. We, we going, we gonna leave that in this seven minute mark.


But I, I say all this to say of like, yeah you might a nigga do be stressing over shit. I pray for, You know what I'm saying? Like, I pray for, You know, to, to quote me meal, not to bring it back. You know, I pray for times like this. Right, right, right. And if you really a killer and you really love this shit and you really dedicate it to this craft, it's not for the week. It's not easy bro. It's not easy. It's not for the week. It's not easy. I I over understand that. I'm super blessed, bro. Like some days when I'm stressed out, bro, I, I I do retail therapy And I go shopping. I know that's a lot of things that people can't do, You know what I'm saying? But what's the most difficult thing you have to deal with? Because people look at your life and be like, you, you popping. Yeah. You, You got a great career.


Yeah. Great family. You living family, You got a Kid, I'm handsome. You like never forget that y'all gay. Why ain't say that first? Yeah. Six feet tall and shit, You know, super handsome. We get it, we get it, we get it. I was waiting for somebody to say it, but you handsome. Yo, you handsome appreciate You play gay on the radio. I'm not really gay. I'm, You know. Yeah. What else I was finna say? Damn. I was asking what bothers you the most outta that? Oh, honestly, it can't, Most difficult thing to deal with. It's the thing that's like whatever's currently, presently in front of me. Like at that time it's not like, oh my god, this kelberg, You know what I'm saying?


Y'all might be too old for that reference, but like, it's not like one constant thing or one enemy. Not, when I say enemy, I don't mean like person, I mean like thing, what is a Dinkle bird? I can't even, I'm, I heard a Dole bird. Okay. It's a, a fairly odd parent reference. It's this cartoon. Oh I got But that was like the nigga Timmy's Turner's dad like arch nemesis. So it's like, but that was the same nemesis every episode. So my bad, I didn't read the room. No, no it's not for us. No, no, no. Ain't nowhere near 30. He Told us that earlier. You still by cd it's fine. And you put us onto something. Yeah. Nah, for real. So I say this to say it's never one constant enemy. It's always just some, it'd be some different shit every day.


Like literally, You know what I'm saying? Like some different shit every day. And so you have to conquer that and you have to be bigger than your, your issues. You have to be solution based. And I try and one thing I've learned to be is like solution based. Let's make the most outta any given situation. And that's why I am as successful as I am and why I'm gonna get to where I want and need to be, You know, in life. And so yeah, it, it's, it's some different shit literally fucking every day. And you just gotta be, and that's for anybody in life. I know it's a million motherfuckers that may watch this or listen to this. It'd be some different shit every day, no matter what stage of life that you on, you just gotta be solution based and like, You know? Yeah. Just try to be as solution based as possible And it causes levels of anxiety in you.


Right. Because You know it's a blessing from God. Yeah. Then you feel like you're not appreciating it. Yeah. Then you feel like, damn is God gonna take it away from me? 'cause I don't appreciate it. It's not that I don't appreciate it, it's just stress that comes with it. Nah, that's a fact. I mean, heavy is the head bro. Heavy is the head and yeah. Heavy is the head and so you gotta, You know, if you ask for what great, You know, not the, I I was trying to, not to quote fucking Stan Lee, but You know what? Great power and platform responsibility come, You know, great responsibility. And so when you ask for massive things, you gotta be pause, you gotta be ready to deal what comes with it, You know what I'm saying? Be ready for the responsibility of it. And so like My therapist told me there's no either or meaning that you can't have cord a's success.


Yeah. Without having cord a's problems. Exactly. And any, yeah, exactly. Now you did post a picture of yourself in Lu I was just trying to ask them about, and you put hashtag free Luigi. Yeah. People were mad, mad at you about that. They are, They assume the free Luigi, Who is people who is this target demographic of people that's Mad. Who? These people? Because I didn't know that nigga. Are you mad nigga? No, I'm joking. No, I'm joking. People were mad at the free Luigi, because You know Luigi, if it's the same Luigi. Yeah. We don't know. He's the gentleman that killed the CEO of UnitedHealthcare. Yeah. I ain't know my nigga. Luigi Mario brother was locked up, man. Yeah, Yeah. You kid. Yo. Okay, but Anyw who, but yo, I'm just in a space now, another big thing that I've, and like the, like one crossroad I've gotten past is like being super, I feel like, because I'd say I've done a lot of things that I wanted to do thus far, right?


And I know it's so much more that I gotta do. I'm still on this, this journey. If you look at all my albums, they all represent a journey from The Lost Boy to the Crossroads. It's all, if you look at, it's all a journey. 'cause that's kind of what life is, right? So on this particular moment in my journey, I felt as though in the past I've been a little too, like scared to be canceled, for lack of a better word, or fearful to say what I really feel about certain shit. And because of like, protecting what I've built, You know what I'm saying? Like, when you've built and saved up millions of dollars, or like you, you've built up a bunch of shit, right? That, or a brand or whatever the case may, may be a company business. Like you wanna protect that. And sometimes protecting that causes fear and you to move through fear.


So I've kind of entered into this space now of like, yo, I, I'm a creative first. I'm a artist first. And I gotta just say what's on my mind. Like, You know, don't be an idiot. You know what I'm saying? Don't, don't be dumb, You know, but like, yo don't be as like politically correct and like scared to offend anybody because you're just going to be bland if you're just like, oh, I don't wanna offend this person, or I don't wanna offend this person. I don't wanna make this person mad. You know what I'm saying? To where like, I've been doing that hella like in my creative, and so I wanna do that shit. Like, yeah, I just thought that shit was funny. I mean, bro, You know, he, I don't wanna speak on that too much, to be honest. And I don't say you thought it was funny. No, No, no. Not that was funny. But I don't think he is a monster.


F like, You know what? I'm gonna say this, this is, this is gonna be my politically correct answer, but it's also my authentic true self. So this is the, I'm not gonna say this a medium, but authentically me as a, a individual, I am not well researched enough on demon montross of the healthcare industry and what the guy that got killed had to do with it. I just know that the American healthcare industry is fucked up. So I don't wanna speak on the assassination of that particular individual without doing my proper research on what that particular individual had to do with the overall scope. Too late of the Fucked up. You already put free Luigi too late. Well, you picked a side, You know, free that nigga.


Well, your, Your initial caption was, do you feel guilty on vacation? What? Explain that. Yeah. Because Yeah, I do. Because not, yeah, it's just like you there and you're kind of thinking like, okay, what could I be doing? What else could I be doing? Like working versus like, You know, You know, just chilling. But sometimes you gotta, as a artist too, you gotta live life to have shit to talk about or else you just gonna talk about, I'm in the studio all day working, nigga grinding bars is life. You know what I'm saying? Like, you gotta live life to talk about it. And so, yeah, man, like again, this is a, this whole entertainment business is like a journey. You know what I'm saying? Like, when you first started to where you're at has been a level up, a journey, You know what I'm saying?


Same to all of y'all. You know what I'm saying? And so I, I'm recognizing and sometime that difficult point, it's all these self-help books about how to get from zero to 100. But you kind of gotta figure out yourself when you reach that first major milestone of big goal about how to get to that next level. That's some shit you gotta figure out. Like through trial and error, through mentorship, through community, or through, You know, fucking up. And so, like, like I said, like I'm super blessed, bro. I can acknowledge the fact that I'm super blessed. I thank God every day literally. But I, I still have a lot more to do. And I know the work that that takes, the dedication that that takes and the thick skin that that takes. Pause.


A good book that you can get is the big leap. Okay? Conquer Your Hidden Fear and Take Life to the Next Level by Gay Hendrix. That's really his name. Okay. And it's a fantastic book. It tell, it's for people who are at a hundred who are looking to either stay there or get to that, that next level. Well see, that's why mentors are important because I just said there isn't a book that exists. And You know what's funny? Yeah. Quest, quest Love put me onto that book a couple years ago. Mm. You know what's funny? I was watching y'all interview with Nip a couple weeks ago. Rest Feast and Nip. Yeah. RIP Nip and that had me pick up the way of the Superior man. Ooh. You know what I'm saying? So I've been reading that and well, I bought the book, I read like four pages of it, don't, You know, whatever.


So look at the audio. Yeah, yeah. Now I, I, I enjoy reading 'cause I like highlighting it to where like, I like to go back to it and shit, but yeah, no, so yeah, each one teach one. So thank you for that. I definitely picked that Up. Another line on Never see it. You said you would never see me partying with the Michael Rubins. Yeah. Why is that? So look, let me say this, right? He has this, it's, it's crazy because he has this program called Reform that actually got that that does amazing work, honestly. And it got a bunch of people out. It actually got like some of my closest friends outta jail, like straight up outta prison. Like got him an appeal. Like they do amazing work, right? So I will wanna start off by saying that, but I mean bro, it's just, it's just going back to that place of me being a free creative.


I'm not going in the studio. It is like, yo, this shit just seem a little off. You know what I'm saying? But You know, it's crazy. I actually, I've never met that nigga before. Before I said that line. He's not In one, he's not a   You Know what I meant? Oh my God. A   my God. You Know what? Oh my, just ignore that. You, why you nitpicking me man? Damn. You just wanna be correct here. Oh my God. Anywho, you never met him before. Yeah, yeah. So I never, when I said that line in the like again, so going back to you fucking up my train of thought, yo, yo go, can you get fucked? Was question. I like, damn, it is impossible for me to, so, so going back to my point Earl earlier of like, I just wanna be a free creative, You know what I'm saying?


And say what I feel. If I think some, and that includes humor, You know what I'm saying? Some of my favorite rappers had like social commentary through humor. And so like I've always done that since the very beginning. But when I got lit and shit to lose, I stopped doing it as much. 'cause I didn't wanna burn bridges, You know what I'm saying? And so I say this to say, we all, it's just me fucking joking. I see some shit online, the behind the back hugs. I'm like, yo, that shit is crazy nigga, You know, see me doing that. And so, funny enough, and again, acknowledging I did wanna acknowledge he has this program called Reform that does amazing thing, right? So when I said that line, I have never met this nigga day in my life. One week after that song come out, I meet this nigga and he's, hell cool when you read it back at a commander's game, did he hug you?


Huh? He hugged you? Nah, I ain't say behind. I just said, did he hug you Man, look that I said what? I said I ded him up. He hella, he's actually hella fucking cool. And like I said, the work he does with reform is amazing. And so I think as an artist I can acknowledge that he does amazing his, his, his program Charity Reform and I'm sure he does a bunch of other amazing shit for community is great. But then also, yo nigga, that shit is funny. You know what I'm saying? You Talking about the line, you talking about the line. Like I just, no, fuck. No. And he's put a lot of money in black, black people's pockets. Yeah. Like I, I just had a, I had an interesting conversation with Lil Baby recently and he, he was talking about that And I think that, You know, sometimes people just really go where the information is.


Yeah, no, exactly. And he's, he's one who, who shit it from even like, I only met this dude one time and he was like, like I, again, I felt kind of bad after meeting because You know, when you see shit online and you're just like, I'm making fun of it. But then when you actually meet the person, they become a real person. And so, which is also what fans think of fucking artists. So, You know what I'm saying? It's like a duality of it. So not, I met him and he became a real person, but like when I met him I'm like, oh wow. You're like, you're really, you're the complete opposite of what I thought. You were like, you cool. That's Why everybody's at your parties. 'cause you're super Cool. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, so You would go to one of his parties Then? Nah, I can't now. I still, I Can't, I still cant be Vice Naomi, but not you Then she, I don't know.


I'm not gonna answer that. I don Know if I, If I commit any crimes, I'm committing with this nigga. He ain't gonna talk about an interview. He might rap about it, but he ain't gonna talk about it at All. Yeah. Yeah. That's funny. That's worse Now rapping about it and fucking talking about it. Shit. Did you Ever connect with Dr. Dunbar? No I didn't. No. Okay. Yeah. No. Why would he have to, He was dating a white woman? No. Never in life. No. Alright. Never in fucking life. But not to say there's anything wrong with Bunny hoing And shit. I'm just saying I wouldn't do that at, You know, whatever. But what, what niggas do with, You know, they time is what they do. No, I remember when I made some comments up here about Naomi. He did?


Yeah. Said what? The, what fight? How am I tripping? I don't know, but oh, I was getting his number. Yeah, Because he wanted her to play for her national team or something like that, or it was something like that. I see. You see how easy, how He killed. He made it seem like It was bad. Like He turned into Ice Cube Said Woody. Well I would, If he, he's just misinformed. He just doesn't have all the information. Yeah, we don't, let's not pull it up. Okay, pull. Let's not pull it up. I know. This is crazy. What fucking, this is the same. Y'all ain't get these niggas new laptop. I'm sorry. The thing is, There's a lot of great history that has happened on that. So nigga I had to take fucking HSAs on this shit. And y'all still using this shit, Man. Y'all Should be a fucking ashamed of y'all self.


Ain't no y'all, I got Apple. Yeah, I know Jet Shit. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Y shit is straight. Gotta keep it classic like a mpc. No, now you in the studio you get more. Yeah, yeah, I get those little red dot. Okay. Yeah Man. But so I had this idea, so I, I wasn't aware of that, but he probably just was misinformed, but I had this idea of having him in a music video and Yeah. That I had this idea of me having him in a music video. I like that. Yeah. Yeah. So that's, but I, man, look, You know, I, I gotta see what he said, but You know. Yeah, but I felt, I, I agree with a lot of shit. You know, that says like 50%. Oh yeah. He was talking about representing Jap, her representing Japan in the Olympics.


That's say didn't wanna hear it. Oh God. He hear, You know, the producer just texted it to me Wasn't these niggas are messy. They just like get on it, get on it, Close it. Y'all see how play I'm right. I not only took the laptop, I switched closed it. That will be working bro. Who, Who is she? Afeni put me onto what that means. I don't Oh, that's shy. That's my donator. Oh yeah, yeah. Okay. Got you, got you, got you. Gotcha. You gotcha. You producers didn't send him that one you can see Yeah, That's a as name. It sounds like a, The producer was probably a white man, huh? No, We don't have no white man. That'd be a damn shame. You think Dr. Obama would come up here so much if we had white producers? I Got white cameraman. He's Not white.


No, I'm joking. I'm sorry. He is white. No he is not. What is he Italian? Italian. Italian is white. That's a different kind. It's like off White mine nigga. He's Puerto Rican. Yeah, yeah. Not that it matters. Okay. Not that it fucking matters. We all, we all love each, You know, I'm love We all, I got love. Hey look man, I got love. I got a lot of white court fans And I love all of them, You know what I'm saying? I got a lot of love for, You know, everybody on earth, You know? Okay. I, I do have one last question I guess. Oh God, no, no. Come on. Can I just put no album is fantastic. This, this, this just a personal thing. Let's Leave on that. No, no, I'm talking want you. Go ahead As a man, what did you do to help your lady get through her postpartum?


Hmm. Oh my God, I just, for The men though, if you don't gotta get personal with her just for the men. Yeah. What do men, what should men do? And I got four daughters, but what should men do in that situation? Especially young men that are a quarter life crisis? Yeah. Yeah. I would say, I don't know. I want, I don't want to act like I'm the perfect person and be given advice. So I'm the perfect example of what to do is just be as present as you can and be as understanding as you can and be a man, nigga. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Alright. Yeah. Just yeah, be understanding, be as understanding and yeah.


And be as present as you possibly can, You know? Well, let's listen to something off the album. What you wanna hear off The album, man. I don't know man. Let's do Saturday morning. My fucking with you, You Fat Chain Broadway. Let's do that one. Oh my God. Oh my, this is crazy Luther Rock wave. Love Rob. Yeah, no, I, I fought Rob. No, people misunderstood that line. I think though. What is that? To misunderstand? I'm dealing with a lot of problems. I don't know if y'all can relate. Feeling like raw wave. I got a lot on my plate. He didn't mean full. Oh, he not saying like, yo, he said he a lot of responsibilities. Yo, when the black Scully go on man is crazy. Yo smash, Yo, who, what color Air Forces did this man? Yo. I mean, but that goes back to like my like freedom as an all like me expressing like my sense of humor and my freedom as a, like this is hip hop double Entendre.


Yeah, it is. So I say this to say that goes back to the point I made earlier, like me just being as free as I possibly can versus me like worrying about what people think. But I mean, bro makes dope music obvious. Fucking absolutely. You know what I'm saying? Great artist. So yeah. Yeah. He, You was saying like, he just always stressed out about some shit. I think the bar is like, my bad, I don't wanna do this to you j it is like, yeah, it's like it it is there. It's there very is there for sure. Like, can I leave now Please? It's, I Tell you, I respect my time. I tell you respect my Time ta He's so funny. And we realized, yeah, it's there. It's Like, no, all jokes aside, Cordier is dope. I've always thought Corde was dope. Nah, thank he one in ones. I, You know, when I, we was having this conversation recently. Nah, thank you. When Nyla was playing, he was doing pass talks.


He played something off. He was supposed to come Now he was, I think he was like a month ago, he was supposed to come and we was talking about it before he got here, but he canceled on the, because I was just talking about like, like the new big three, I don't wanna say big three, but like the, this new era of artists. Yeah, Yeah. Because You know Kendrick and Cole and Drake, that's the last generation Yeah. For this generation. I feel like you gotta put your, your name in there personally. Nah. Yeah. It is there for sure. I appreciate that. Absolutely. That doesn't warrant all the shit you've done before, but non fucking with you. Nah, thank you. Nah, thank you bro. And I, I'm glad. Yo, this is, this is great. I I've had a, honestly, despite the jokes, I had a, a good time on here, so thank you y'all for having Definitely. Nah, nah, I'm gonna come back man. I'm always talking About Rods plate. Talking about gay years. He's like, nah, I'm good.


Oh my God. The crossroads out now. Yeah, I know, right? Let's get Into the joint right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. It's score day, Y'all. Good morning y'all. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


It is Ryan Seacrest here. There was a recent social media trend, which consisted of flying on a plane with no music, no movies, no entertainment, but a better trend would be going to Chumba Casino dot com. It's like having a mini social Casino in your pocket. Chumba Casino has over a hundred online Casino style games, all absolutely free. It's the most fun you can have online and on a plane. Live the chumba life at Chumba Casino dot com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus Terms Inc.


Hey everyone, it's John, also known as Dr. John Paul. And I'm Jordan or Jo Ho. And We are the Black Fat Film podcast. A podcast where all the intersections of AAN are celebrated. Ooh. Chat. This year we have had some of our favorite people on, including Kid Fury, ts Madison, Amber Ruffin from the Amber and Lacey Show, Angelica Ross and more. Make sure you listen to the Black Fat Fan podcast on the iHeartRadio app. I have a podcast or wherever you get your podcasts, girl. Ooh, I know that's right.


Hey, y'all. Emini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records Executive produced by Questlove, the Story Pirates and John Glickman historical records brings history to life through Hip Hop Slam. Another one gone. Ba bam, another one gone. The cracker to bat and another one gone. A tip A cap because another one gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the city bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing. Check it. Get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning in to historical records. Because in order to make history, you have to make some noise. Listen to historical records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.