
Take a deep dive into the stories, making the news headlines across The World, the news Agents. We are not just here to tell you what's happening, but why for me, Emily Mala and Me, John Sopel with Global's Award-winning podcast. The news agents dropping daily, covering everything you need to know about politics and current affairs. And the News agents USA in the race for the White House, Listening to the news agents on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search the news agents to start listening.


Hi loves it's me, Paris Hilton. I'm already excited for you to listen to my new album Infinite Icon, and I'm even more excited for you to listen to it On Vinyl Welcome to the Bad Academy. Every vinyl collection needs a crown jewel and no jewel sparkles. Brighter than an autographed baby pink edition of Infinite Icon. Order the LP signed by yours truly@shop.paris hilton.com. That's hot, sponsored by 1111 Media.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break


Gear up for outdoor adventures with a 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree, you've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The. Breakfast. Club. Yes. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Jess is out on maternity leave. So we have Lauren LA filling in and we got a special guest in the building. The legendary, her book is out right now. Who's that girl? EVE. Ladies and gentlemen. E Eve. What's up? What's up? Morning y'all. How you doing? Doing welcome. Good morning. Hello. How you feel? Hello. How you feel? I feel good. I'm jet lagged, but I'm good. Oh, you just got in like Saturday and my kids with me, so Yeah. But good, happy to be here. You got the memoir out, man. Yes. That's, who's that girl. One thing you tell folks right out the gate is how much you initially hated the name Eve. Could you explain that for the people who haven't read the Book yet?


Yes. This is the first time I got this question, actually. Yes, because I thought I was cursed because I grew up Jehovah's Witness, my grandma's Jehovah's Witness and religious and Eve was the one who made the evil happen in The World. She gave the apple to Adam. So I actually literally for years thought that I was cursed having that name You know it's only, I grew up drove witness too. But you're the first person that ever made me look at that from that perspective. 'cause most people just say Eve was the first lady lady. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, I felt like, well damn if she's, she's responsible for evil. Like, 'cause people used to say to me when I was a kid like you, oh, you, you gave Adam the, gave Adam the apple. Like literally. And I'm like, that's crazy. Why would You know say that to a kid? You know ma'am, don't You know also like yes. Like I don't fucking know him.


But yeah, no, I really did think I was cursed. But then you grew to love your name. Yes. Eve Jahan. You found out What it meant. Yes. Jahan means universe. Eve means First Lady. And my mom was obsessed with Sha Jahan that built the Taj Mahal and she changed a letter and then I was like, wow, Eve Johan. Like that's a big deal. Like And I. Yeah. I love my name now. First Lady of the Universe. First Lady of the universe. That's really powerful. What point in your life was that switch from I hated it to now I'm embracing it. Like how old were, were you? I was honestly even thirties, late twenties, thirties. 'cause I was still And I. Don't know. I was such a tormented person within myself. It took a while. It was years also that I just didn't trust myself.


And I talk about in the book, like with drinking and stuff. I just didn't trust myself. So it took a, it took a while. How was Reliving all these memories? Right. Because a lot of these stories I feel naked. You gave it up. No, you gave it up. I feel real. You talked about a lot In this book. I talk about a lot in this book. I definitely, we reread stuff. I definitely was like, do I really wanna put this stuff out here? But I was like, I think it's important. I think it's important for myself. I think it's important for my kid. I don't wanna bring any of my shit onto my kid. But, and it's so cheesy to say, but You know. It's, it's what's that saying? What you, what you, what you reveal. You can heal. Yeah. What You don't heal, you can't reveal.


Yes, exactly. And it's like, I just feel like I need to shed some of that shit and yeah. So what Was the most difficult thing to write in the book? What was the hardest part? The hardest, If anything. No, there was, yeah, listen, I tried. We was edited kind of. And then I was like, fuck it. Lots of it. I, I think being really vulnerable. Vulnerable about my drinking for real, because I talked about it when I was on the talk. I, I talked about it. Yes, I had an issue, but I don't even think I actually admitted it to myself. Also, the fact that I had, had, I had this ectopic pregnancy when I was on my, my sitcom that I never told anybody about And.


I actually did not even recognize it until I was ready to get pregnant with my kid. Hmm. So I never even dealt with it at all. So that was really hard. What made you deal with it now? You felt like there's other women probably dealing with it. A hundred percent. A hundred percent. And the frustration of being a woman and And I talked about this the last time when I was here with, with the crew of Queens. And we talked about, well I mentioned about in endometriosis and having fibroids and shit like that. And how doctors just don't listen to you and having to go get a specialist to find out that I had that And I think it's just important. There's so many women that are suffering with infertility and lots of, definitely lots of black women.


Lots of my friends are still suffering. So yeah, I think it's just important That, I know that that was back in 2006. Yeah. And I've actually been through that. Oh wow. At time. Yeah. So when I, when I heard you talk about it in the book, I was like, oh shoot. Because it's, it's like, it just happens. Like you don't even know what it happens. Yep. After that happened when you were looking to have your baby that you have now. Yeah. Were you a bit nervous about like if it would work out? Oh my, oh my God. Would you be safe during the pregnancy? Like what were your thoughts? I was so nervous. I was so an and And. I'm an an anxiety written person, which is why I drink and smoke so much weed to chill. Try to chill myself out. I was so anxious. I was so nervous. And I talk about it in the book, how I was like anxiety master level when I was pregnant on the set of Queens.


Because I was like, here it is. Okay, I'm working, which is great and I'm so grateful and blessed. But is it to the detriment of my kid? Like, am I gonna lose this baby? Like, I was literally going to the doctor trying to hear the heartbeat just so I could feel calm on set. So yeah, I was scared. I was really, really scared. Yeah. You know, it's crazy when you younger and you don't know what anxiety, And I guess You know depression is. Yeah. We all have those coping mechanisms 'cause they're all around. So whether it's in the lifestyle in the hood, just growing up you see family members drinking and then I know hip hop didn't Help. Oh yeah, no, hell no. What the fuck? No. Have another drink, Smoke some more. Ah Yeah. Smoke some more. What the fuck? Oh, you crying. It's fine. Have a drink. Like, no, hell no.


Because everybody was doing it also. Nobody was using these words. Nobody was talking about anxiety nor they was talking about mental health. Nobody was talking about depression. That's right. Like literally it was just like, all right, well you'll be all right. You'll be all right. You'll be all right. Like I that it, it was what it was. Was what it was. When You realize you had a problem, like you just like what made you say I got a problem? Honestly, my DUI. Mm. My DUI was the time that and not, not even just the moment of the DUI, it was when I couldn't drink. It was when they told me I had to wear the ankle thing. And I had ankle thing for drinking. Yeah, because what was it? You know back then they were giving out them fucking things for some reason. In LA Ankle. Yeah. The ankle monitor, for some reason they were giving 'em out 'cause they could tell through your blood weirdly that If you were drinking.


So I had 56 days where I couldn't drink And. I was so scared of that 56 days because I couldn't remember a time where I hadn't drank. So I even begged my lawyer at the time like, can I go do community service at a hospice? Can I go like I'll do anything? And she was like, no, this is what you have to do. And it saved And, I, And, I. Say this in the book. It saved my life because it was the first time and a very long, actually not even a very long time, it was the first time I ever sat with my fucking emotions. Like actual, why am I drinking? What am I trying to cover up? Why am I trying to numb myself? What is the problem? And I had to sit with my shit. And. I cried a fucking lot. And. I needed it. I needed it. So what Was the biggest moment in when you were sitting with yourself?


What was the like biggest thing where you're like, dang, like I'm, I'm really dealing with this. Yeah. I can't even believe this is something I have to deal with. Well, 'cause I lived in LA too, so I had a psychic lady. And. I say that 'cause You know how it is in la. But I believe in all that shit. I don't care. Some people are really good. Is you a medium or a psychic? Yes, A medium. A medium. Okay. I had a medium. And you still have one to this day? No, I don't. But If, you know somebody gimme, was it scared? No, no, no, no. Go ahead. No, because so it, she was very like, And, I, And, I. Take it for what it's worth. I take it, for what it's worth, she was very good. She wasn't the type, she wasn't scary. She was just like, she just could read you. And it was more like energetically, she was just like, at one point I would call her for everything 'cause I didn't trust myself.


And one day she fired me. She called, called her and she was like, no. She was like, you are depending on me for too much. She was like, I have to let you go. Really? And I was like, oh shit, she's good. I didn't even know Therapist. Most people would've kept that money rolling. No, she, and that's why I know she was good. My Friends who got fired by their therapist are like really messed up. So how did you get fired by a psychic? I know because she, what did you call, what was that called? I literal, I wouldn't even, honestly, I would be like, can you come do an energy clearing over here? Can you come do that? And she was like, at one point I called her And. I was like just in this dark place and she was like, You know what you need to do. I am not responsible for you. You have to figure this out. And this was during that time, the DUI, this was all that shit where I was just trying to figure shit out.


And I. At the end of the day, you cannot look outside yourself. It does not matter who it is or what they do. You have to look within. And that shit sounds cliche now too sometimes. But it is the fucking real, it's the realest thing ever. So yeah, it just forced me to sit with myself, talk to myself, go back to my roots. Go pray. What was that You know what, what I'm saying, like What was that moment in LA that you were about to talk about when that was like the, like the really big dark moment that you got into? It was just, it was me crying on the floor. Depression. Crying. Crying in the closet. Like literally and calling her like literally calling her. That's why I brought her up and just being like, listen, I need you to help me figure this out. And she's like, no, no, I'm sorry. Like you need to figure this out. At that time What were friends, family, associates.


So my other issue is that I push people away. And that's another thing that I realized is emotionally, I didn't grow up in a family that really talked. We didn't say I love you. We didn't say I hate you. If shit was bad we screamed. Also, you just knew you were loved. So I really just didn't know about, I didn't know communication. And. I always felt like my mom had me young. So I feel like we grew up together. So I always felt like I needed to be independent. She raised me very independent, fiercely independent. So I think I was just like, I need to deal with the shit on my own. Plus I'm a Scorpio. Like I think it has a lot to do with that. Like, I don't know. So how are you as a parent now? Because I think my parents probably Charlemagne's parents.


Yeah. Those older parents were always, they never really show much love. They never said I love you. No. You knew it was there. Yeah. They You from Philly too. And I'm from Philly, Feisty Philly. Like, listen, you better just get on with it. Like, so how were you a mom? I'm a fucking smother mother. I am a mom. I'm like grandma cousin coming and he's already like, mama like, get off me. But I am so And I was actually scared that I wouldn't connect. I swear to God. I was like, And I. My sister-in-Law told me that too. She has three kids. And she was like, don't feel weird. 'cause some women sometimes just don't connect immediately. And I just thought possibly because of the way I grew up, maybe I won't be You. know what I'm saying? And it makes me emotionally 'cause like, so it's just, it's a freedom.


It's so fucking nice. It's so fucking nice. And I fucking like I'm just gonna, he's gonna be fucking spoiled and he's probably gonna get away with a lot of shit. But, sorry. Are you, are you raising him out of fear or love? Ugh, now that is a good question. Love for sure love. But I, I tackle with fear. I tackle with fear. So yeah, You Know. But you, but you want him to be in a position where he really calls mom regardless of anything. A hundred percent You know. 'cause he, even growing up, you'd call your parents when you had to, had to. But now my son who's, he's about to be 21, he calls his mom for everything. And I love their relationship.


Yeah. Because I know that if something happens, mom got his back. You know. Yeah. Nah, that's real. I do because I couldn't talk to my mom about and not, and it's not her fault. Like my mom, me and my mom now are like, it's not her fault. That's how she grew up. Yeah. I was scared of my fucking mother. Which is fine. I think a little fear is important. Yes. You know what I'm saying? She was probably scared for you growing up. Hundred percent On Murder Street. Right. Hundred. So, so that's why. But I asked would they really raising you out? Are you raising 'em out of fear of love? 'cause Yeah, our parents raised us outta fear because they didn't want us to end up in bad situations. A hundred percent or end up like them. Like my Dad. A hundred percent. A hundred percent. No. I look at And, I, You know. I look at where we live, where I'm at. Like I wake up, I walk down the street sometimes like, damn, I live in London. I'm from Philly. Like it's crazy. Like I still think like that I'm 45 like You know.


But I also appreciate it. I also feel like I am greatly like thankful. And I'm also greatly thankful that my kids' life is so far removed. You Know what I'm, you shoplift every now and then just to You know course I Gotta keep you. You better not Never. Never. Now another good part in the book is the unbeknownst to Jay-Z, he put a battery in your back. Yeah. Early. Yes. Yes. It's funny 'cause that was one of those things that we were like, do we put this in there? 'cause You know how people get, but it's nothing bad about that. I didn't think So. You know, it's, it's one of those things where it was a very amazing phone call that I needed. That was one of those. I always felt like I was the underdog anyway.


And he wasn't saying it outta malice or mean, that wasn't about that. It was facts really. It felt like he was trying to temper your expectations. Yes, Exactly. But I was like, huh, okay, let me see. I'm gonna show you. Yeah, it's all good. It's all good. And, and, and it went on to be fine. But, and, and like I say in the book, we all have that person that something no matter what industry or whatever You know what I'm saying? We all have that thing or someone says something they don't even fucking know that you're like, okay, I'm gonna use that. No problem. One of The dope things I love is, is you talk about your big brothers in the industry, right. Because you don't really hear that that much. Yeah. And how rough rods and oh my god and all them You know kind of was your big brothers to make sure they protected you.


Talk about that a little bit because nah, in this industry you hear so many crazy stories. But yeah, they were showing up with knives, guns, and everything they needed to, to make sure you were safe. Listen, I was so fucking protected. I'm, I'm so forever grateful as well that Ruff Ryders is the crew that I come from. They respected me, protected me, celebrated me, allowed me to be me at all times. And yeah, if they had to shake a nigga sometimes, I dunno, They had to Philly come back out. If you. I, that was One of the things I was wondering about. That's why I was so excited to meet you. I was like, I wonder how mu how Philly she still going Be No Philly. I never, that can never go, that can never ever go.


I do say words now and then I will say my man is there. He's from London. I will say 'cause for the, for my baby, I try to keep shit co like consistent. Yeah. So I do say rubbish sometimes. Okay. And, I do say jumper. But Philly is always, always, you can't take it outta me. You can't take it outta me. Your Baby's a bit older now. I know. I saw you talk about exposing your husband to like Eve from Philly. Yeah. Like whatever. How do you, like, are you having those conversations with your baby yet? Are you, is he back and forth to Philly? Like, are you doing that exposure too? Yes. No, he comes back and forth to Philly. We'll be there in a few days. He was just there a few months ago playing with his cousins. Like And, I love that. 'cause it's a different vibe. And. I love that. And. I feel like he needs that.


And it's gonna be such a rich childhood for him because England is so different. Yeah. Does he have accent, his cousins accent? Yes, he does. He says garage. Garage. He says garage. Wait, he says join. Wait, I need to start teaching him that now. Yeah. You know. And the, and the things fall apart chapter you said, did you feel like the spirit of the rough riders died with DMX? God bless the dead. Yes. When, when that rr chapter of your life cloth, did you, did you feel a sense of grief with that as well? Yes. Yes and no. Yes. In the sense of obviously with X because of XA hundred percent, but no, in the sense that we've all kind of gone off and been doing our own shit for so long in between all of that.


Because You know before he died, may he rest. We were supposed to do a Rough Riders tour. We had been talking about a rough riders tour. So yes and no. Yes and no. Always wanted to know the Ruff Ryder's record. Right? Yeah. The remix. When you were on it, did You know what it was? As soon as you heard that record, break that down. When, as soon as you heard Ruff Ryder's anthem and, and, and And I Don't know. You know what I knew. I knew it was a fucking dope verse. I did know that. I was like, nah, this, this is, this is, because this is the thing. The way that they had us all in the studio, it was healthy competition. So I knew that verse. I knew it. I was like, this is the verse. I didn't know what it was gonna do from there, but I knew that I was holding my own.


I didn't really feel it until I heard it on the radio. And I was like, wow. That's what I sound like, like And I didn't sound like they were carrying me. Like I knew it. Like, I was like, okay, I'm supposed to be here. Absolutely. Yeah. Was that that moment that I'm the Hip one, that was that moment that on the radio, that was that moment. Yeah. Yeah. I was gonna ask you get tired of telling the same stories over and over. Right. Because listening to your hip hop stories. Yeah. Since you've been up here and since we follow you, I know the stories. Like I know the Maye story. I know the ladies We're grown, the story. I know I'm 46. I've been around. That's a great story. So Lauren, who's 32, is brand new to her. You get Tired. And I knew, I knew the Maye story. I'm from Delaware, so we, the way we connect with not to Delaware different.


No, but Eve it's right there. Like we fly into Yeah. We literally cousins. Yeah. So I knew that only because of that. But there are a lot of people, I saw people reacting online when you, when like episodes of the book were being picked up. Who didn't know that? Does that freak you out at all? Like when people were like, Some of it You know what, like it's new. What's, what's annoying to me? I was talking about this the other day. It was annoying to me is yes, like I've talked about the stripper thing, right? What's annoying to me about it though is that people fixate so much on it still that I'm like, bitch, I was 18. It was, I was two months. It was two months. And. I was lazy. And the craziest thing about that is not that I was stripper, I was just saying this yesterday, is that I was rapping with my titties out. Like that's the crazier thing. And on top of that, not Craz In 2024, that's what everybody not crazy yet.


I Was a trendsetter. I was a trendsetter. But, but on top of that, the revelation of that is the situation that happened with the conversation and that no one ch chooses to go there and say like, oh damn, that was a dope moment. No, she's just a fucking strict. Like, bro, are you serious? Like, so that annoys me. And I. Actually that was one of those things where I was like, do we put this in the book again? But then I felt like people who did know my story might be like, oh, well why she ain't talk about that? So yeah, I don't know. Yes, it gets annoying. But that's, I think that was another reason for doing this book, because I'm like, these are the stories. Yes. There's some shit that I have already talked about. I will go deeper on that and then now I'm good. Mm. Now it's time to move on.


But It's also because Mace got a new resurgence with the It is what it is. Shows. So that's what it, That's what it's Yes, that's true. That's true. But, but no, crazily enough people don't even say his name to me. They just talk about the stripping thing. Really? Yes. Like it's crazy. Yeah. And Basically, basically was just telling you, you don't have to do this. Yeah. I mean, he was literally telling me, he was just like, what do you wanna do? He was, he was the first person that really asked those questions where I was already questioning why am I here? What the fuck am I doing For the record though, every man says that to the baddest Griffin in the club. Technically bad. Yeah. You Don't have to do, the girls do it too. I'm like, that's me being there. Like, so what I do that to do outside of here? No, but I do that as well. Me too. Like, yeah. My friends be like, please put Lawrence Cash app away. 'cause she just be, because I be like, dang.


In nursing school, all of y'all in nursing school. School Now. You know Now the TV show Eve. Yes. I I the name of the show was Eve. Yeah, but your character's name was Shelley. I know. Why, why? That's what the network wanted. And then they was like, oh, like the Cosbys where it was, they were the Huxtables. Oh. But his name was Cosby. So everybody knew the show. Trust me. I tried to fight him on that. I never thought about that. Never thought about that was the Cosby show. They, I, they, I had to, I tried to fight him. That's another part of your life I feel like doesn't get talked about enough. Yeah. You had a sitcom literally You know what I mean? Yeah. That did well. Yeah, that did. Well. I was very, very lucky. It did well. And I didn't take it as seriously as I feel like I should have or could have.


Take A deep dive into the stories, making the news headlines across The World the News agents. We are not just here to tell you what's happening, but why for me, Emily Mala and Me, John Sopel with Global's Award-winning podcast. The news agents dropping daily, covering everything you need to know about politics and current affairs and The news agents USA following every twist. And turn in the race for the White House. Listen to the news agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hey, gorgeous. It's Paris Hilton. Get the party started with my new album, infinite Icon out now and stream the new single Bad Academy Welcome To the Bad Academy. I wanted this album to be an escape. Take people to a happy place where they can heal and party in equal measure. And most of all, be your own unapologetic icon. Listen on iHeartRadio and visit infinite icon.com to order the album sponsored by 1111. Media


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder, your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus, with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds in an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature. With seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while venturing on new terrains. Seize the thrill. And start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent. All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


The summer is heating up. So the next time you pop open a Coca-Cola or Coke Zero sugar. Prepare for ice cold drops from Coke Studio. New music from your favorite artist and their latest hits with drops from new jeans. Carol g Peggy goo usher, and Tyler plus live performances at the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke, a Coke zero sugar 12 ounce can and unlock magic music moments all year long, no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility, and prize. availability@kochurl.com slash Studio usa. Promo Corp Wright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers. Working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global. Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


And I. Talk about that in the book. I don't believe in regrets, but probably that's my only one of my only ones where I just didn't take it as seriously as I could have. What would you have done Different? I would've shown up to table reads. Not coming straight from the club. I would not be having after parties in my dressing room. I was, yeah, but I was the youngest on set. And I was trying to figure out how you, you were a real rapper. I was a real rapper. That's a real rapper. Stuff like, literally like I was having after party, we would come from the club, go to my dressing room and then I'm like, damn, I gotta be on set. Like, and didn't, not realizing like how many people, how many the crew You. know what I'm saying? Like, so I just, I really would have done that differently.


Yes. Does Eve care about the industry at all at this point in her life? No, not really. Yeah, not really. Not in the same way. Definitely not. I think because I did go through so much torment within myself that now it's kind of PTSD to a certain extent. So I feel like I, that's why I do dip in and out because I know, I think it's, I think it's healthy for me. What was the tournament? Because you, You keep talking about questioning yourself. Yeah. Second, not second guessing yourself. And now torment, like what was it? It It was all personal shit. It was all personal shit mixed with, I don't think, I think at the time I probably was depressed, but I just didn't know it honestly.


Which is why I did drink as much as I drank. But I just didn't understand it. I just didn't know it. And, I also did have no one to talk to about it. Mm. And the times that I would go cry to people, they'd be like, you be all right. Like You. know what I'm saying? So then I'm like, well, what's wrong with me? Like literally, okay then maybe I'm, I don't know, maybe I'm not supposed to be here. It was a lot of that kind of question. Am I truly happy? Am I only doing and is this what I'm supposed to be doing? And then I think, yeah, it was, it was a lot of my own personal torment. It really was. Yeah. I've gotta ask about You know the, the kept woman comment, right? Oh God. Like people forget who you are and all the things that you did that I've Been working for a long, long time. What does that, where does that come from?


Like EA Kept woman And this that I'm like, do y'all know even the work, did she put in A woman lying? There is nothing wrong. She's not one. No, There's Not. Listen, If, you could do it If. you get great. God bless you if that's what you want. And that's who you are. I have zero personally, I have zero problems with it. I think it is a disservice to who I am and what I've done and what I've built for myself. That's why I have a problem with it. Like, yeah, okay, yeah, I married this dude. I'm not gonna marry a broke dude. That's real. Like, but he's not, I think people also have put on him more than what he is. And he's not that we, we do stuff for each other together. Like he's just a dude I fell in love with. Like Let Google his, he's a billionaire, right? He a, He's not a Billionaire. Oh.


'cause that was always the headlines I saw. Like even I'm like, and that's Why I'm like, no, he's Not a billionaire. He, man, I'm looking it up man. Come on, hurry up man. Listen, He's a bird by the way. He looks at Millions. You know. Lord, No. But at the same time, like no, I'm not, I'm not kept. If I didn't wanna work it'd be fine. But it's, I just who I am to the core, to my DNA. Like I just, it's just who I am. And how was the transition to London like? Yeah, when you decided to move to London, you had to be Mother You know Cheese stakes. It was one place though. You tried it. It was one place and it was good. And they were from, they, they did have amarillo's bread, which was the good bread.


But then I think they shut down. Okay. So how was moving to 60 million by the way? 60 million. Million. Where the billionaire thing came From? I don't know. I think maybe 'cause he's white and British. I don't even know. Said it. Literally no clue for me. I swear to God, And I never fact checked that. I just maybe 'cause he is white and British. I thought it swear because I was like, I'm be honest, I never fact checked. It was a bad guy. Y'all fact check. I never said it. It was you And then it was, remember when Rihanna was with the Oh yeah. Those, they had like photos of y'all like I girls, we can do It. No, they was like, Girl, we can do it. For real. There were memes. Yeah. That's why I remember how much money I thought he was worth Was because No, no, no, no. So that was the transition to To moving to London. No cheese, steak. What else? Yeah, no, it was hard.


The first two years were really brutal. Definitely And, I still have moments where I miss like conveniences and things. I know British people, I love you 'cause you different. You good. You use the you warm. But some of them ain't warm cold. Some of them could be cold. It's hard to get in there. Like it took a minute. It takes a minute. It takes a minute. And it's still weird and different. But I've been there 10 years. Like it is actually home. Like so, so When you get a presidential race here, you'd be like, all right, I'm just gonna stay in London. No, but I'm still voting from that. I already put in my like absentee. Make sure y'all get my absentee. Like, because it's important. 'cause I'm still American. I am American. And. I do care what happens here. Because at one, at some point I wanna come back with my kids. So he experience, I want him to go to college here.


Like that is my goal. Like I want him to come back. And, I, pray by then that the country is what it needs to be For all of us. Can you imagine being Eve's kid in college? Your dad, we already thought your dad was a billionaire. Your mom is Eve and you just pop up in college with this crazy accent that people gonna love. Yes. Saying John, like it's gonna be, he's gonna have a great time in college. My Little babe, We gotta talk about NYU. What are you doing with NYU? Yeah, so I am Professor Jeff Cooper. No I'm doing their Steinhardt residency. Year residency. So basically I get to teach whatever I want or just come and just, I won't say vibe 'cause it's more than that, but it's like conversations about who I am, what I am, what they offer. And then we're gonna do like a big event in the spring with, with some of the students from there, the musicians, everything like that.


So this is a huge deal for me because I mean I never knew this was even available. Like I would've never even thought this was something. So I'm very, very honored to be there. There. Yeah. What is it called? Res residency? What is it? Scholar in residence. Scholar. Scholar. Resident. Scholar residents. N nyu. Yeah. So you, do you have to be there or will it be I do. So Zoom or No, so the, I have to do two. I'm doing my first event next Saturday. Just like meet and greet. And then I do my first official one in November. So you Have a curriculum and everything? Yeah. First official one in November I'm gonna do one in London and then in the spring back here. So, and then if I wanna continue then we'll see what happens. But yeah. When you're here, does your family, like your husband and all you guys kids come with you or The baby is here, but my husband is doing gumball, which is how we met his, his rally.


It's my first one I haven't done in 10 years. Wow. But, and that in Asia. So Hi baby. Yeah. I don't know. You Y'all met on the gumball Rally. We met on the gumball 14 years. You were driving On the gumbo rally? I was driving on the gumball. Yes. Yes. That's a long drive. It's 3000 miles in seven days. Every time they Ask me, I'm like, that's too much. I know it's a lot. But you need a co-driver. Just get a dope. Get even get like two. Look at me selling it. Listen. Two co drivers. Somebody for the music. Somebody to make sure you could drink one night and then the next person drive. Like If. you wanna do it? I will map it out for you. Okay. I promise. It's something I feel like everybody should experience. I wanted to do it and then broadcast from from the different countries, different Mornings.


No, I'm telling you do it. And. I swear. And I'm not even saying it just 'cause I'm his wife. It's one of the best times I've ever had that when it, then when that week comes around, like I'm really sad. I'm missing it. Like really sad. But I mean, Bumby does it every year. No, Bumby Does it. Yeah. My big bro, like he does it every year. So please do it. Y'all should do it. Y'all should do it next year. I know that's right. Y'all do it. I can't commit to that. The way my anxiety set up. I don't know. You can drive. It's not a race. It's a rally that's look at me. But there's A lot of people go. It's lot for, it's a lot For him. Oh yeah. It's a lot. Lot. It is a lot. It's a Lot. Do you get bored because you are creative You know what I'm saying? Yes. You're an artist. Like, okay. Okay. So what do you do when the boredom sets in?


No. Well because I don't drink or anything like that anymore. I do, I have an occasional drink. I ain't smoking weed in London. No disrespect to anybody in London. But it's dirt. It's just different. I don't know the right people. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I know one dude that smoke, but I don't even know. Like, I'm cool. So I, I've stopped. I've stopped. But yeah, no, I, I don't know. My son is everything and then I chill. Like I do chill. But I did say this to a friend of mine. I'm not doing anything creatively to feed my soul. I mean this book helped a lot. Just writing. 'cause I shout out to Kathy by the way. My, my co-writer. She's amazing and has her own credits and amazing books on her own.


But writing, doing this process with her actually helped me a lot. And we are already thinking about the next book. So yeah. But I do need to do more creative things to feed my soul. I believe that You, you still write raps at all? I write poems more. I went back to that 'cause that's where I kind of first started. That being said, we are talking about, because this book also falls around the 25th anniversary of my first album. Oh wow. So yes. Let that be Eve. So we are talking about reworking stuff to put it out next year. So there will be some new stuff next year. If, you Rework stuff or like do anything music wise. Would you add any of the new girl artists To anything? I definitely want to, I definitely, we still talking about it. Talk to Top three. Go-tos. Ooh. Yeah. I dunno. That's hard. I ain't even gonna lie. 'cause we've been talking about it because ultimately I, I don't wanna do anything that looks like I'm just jumping on some shit just to jump on it.


I feel like it needs to be, it has to be organic and right for those, those kind of the rec those records. So we're still figuring it out. Yeah, I feel Like you and Rhapsody would make a lot of sense. Ooh. But the interesting thing about Eve, like Eve, you, you're such a one-on-one. Like even now, I can't think of anybody who I would compare to Eve because she Did sexy rap. But then she did the positive rap. She did the women's empowerment rap, but then she also did the, I think thats why it's hard to think about who put put on stuff to be honest. Thank you. The Demeanor of like coming outta Philly is just a little bit different too. And it's girls coming outta Philly. Like they got Rocky. Yeah, Lee Mazen. Like there's girls that are trying to come outta Philly, but they haven't hit like a sexy red or like a Ella yet.


So I don't know if, if the Genre, I mean I'll be, but I'm, yeah, I don't know. I mean it's to figure it out, we need to be dope to do a whole Philly, like female. I always wanted to know what the thought process was back then. Because when you came out, like, I'm just thinking about it. You did, you wasn't in in, in a, in a, a single A box, right? Yeah. You did the sexy rap at times. Yeah. But then you did the women empowerment rap. But then you was, I don't even Remember Eve doing sexy rap. She just was a fly chick. No, but I Think it said the demeanor was sexy though. Yeah. It was very much like EVE. Yeah. I don't think, yeah, lyrically I don't think I really went there. But when it came to maybe like Yeah. Style. Yeah. That She didn't Have to force it. It was, yeah. It wasn't forced. Yeah. Was that, was that, was that forced when you thought about it?


Or was that something that you was conscious of doing or that was just Eve? It was just me. It was just, honestly it was just me. It was what I wanted to show. My easiest album I think was the first album. 'cause I feel like I was writing that album my whole life. It was the other albums that I literally had to think about the second album. The third album. But that being said, I kind of just did what I felt. I kind of just did what I felt like I wanted to do. Yeah. It wasn't no rhyme or reason behind it When You did Love Is Blind did was the label behind it or they was like, this is totally from what's out now? I was shocked that they were behind it. I was actually really shocked. Especially that early in my career with Ruff Rodders. But they were, they were completely behind it.


I think once I added the third verse where I also popped them like it also, you Killed them and killed them. Banana. Yeah. It was like, I think that was fine. But yeah, they were totally behind it. Yeah. Well we, I know you said earlier that you guys have been talking about a reunion Yes. Before DMX passed. Yeah. Would You con or would y'all consider doing something like that now without him being here? Or you feel like it couldn't be done without Him? I don't know. I would leave that up to DNY to figure out. I think that would be up to them. And if they wanna bring us together, I've, I'll always be there. Of course. Yeah. But I think it's more up to them to figure it out. Yeah. You know. You know. In the Hollywood chapter you talk about going to the Church of Scientology. Yeah. Could, could you explain to the people what the hell made you do that?


You bring All the girls? 'cause I got invited by somebody who, I was like A rap legend. Female Rap legend you say? Yes. That I was like, well If you are going. I just need to see. Plus I'm very much Bart Simpson. Like I'm very much, I will touch the fire just to make sure it's fire. And I, who, when the hell else am I gonna get into the celebrity Scientology Center? I was scared as shit the whole time I was in there. I did not eat the food that was like, they are gonna fucking brainwash. Yes. And brainwash me. You gotta break it down. When you walked in there, what was it? Was it, You need to go by the book, but people Rabbit was crazy. Was who was the rabbit? I don't wanna say because I don't even know if it's she's, I don't wanna out nobody because I don't even know if she's still doing it.


So only for those reasons. Cha, that shit was crazy. And I was hungover. That was the other thing. I wa I remember that. That's why I was so stressed. But it was very weird. You definitely gotta read that chapter. It was very weird. So you walk in or is there like access codes or like What? There's people with you. There's like people everywhere and every, like there are people everywhere watching everything and there are special people to walk you to the, it was, they all wear the same thing. Like it was crazy. Was It one of those things where you felt like, since I'm in the industry now, I guess I should be doing this? 'cause this is what people in the industry do. Well I was more curious because of this person. We had kind of had a light like friendship.


It wasn't like a, but because we were getting to know each other. So I was curious in that way of like, oh, interesting. Why? What made her do that? Let me go see. Meanwhile, obviously I'm still on this, what am I doing? What's going on? But I quickly was like, this is not, it's not for me. No. You told your family about that. What'd they say? No, like my mom, I'm like, you breaking all the rules of mom and grandma wouldn't have been with the psychic or the search. No, I know. No, they wouldn't have been with it. Like my grandmother for sure, my mom now, she's like, whatever. She's like, you are who you are now. Like Crystal's and sage. She knows who I am. But back then, no, no, no. But your mom's still in the hall though. No. Oh, she not?


No, my mom's not. My grandmother is still. Grandmother is. Okay. Okay. My grandmother is still waiting for 140. 144,000. 44,000. Yes. She still slip. You wash towels in the wakes every now and then. No, she's actually good. She leaves. She honestly, she leaves us alone. But that's her thing. It's all good. You know what I wanted to ask you. In the Evil Destruction chapter, you talk about your time with aftermath and Yeah. You know when you got dropped from the label, Dray didn't even bother to call you. How was when things came full circle, you done blew up and y'all ended up doing, let me Blow Your Mind. Did y'all even, did you bring that up to him? Like, You know You ain't even called me When you No, I didn't even need to. I remember before we even did Blow Your Mind, we did the Source awards. And I was like, yeah, I'm on the same stage as you with the rough rods.


Like, so it went from that to Jimmy being like, y'all need to get back in the studio, do a song. And it was kind of just me being so extra, extra Philly. Mm. Like, yeah, okay, well let me hear the beat. Let me hear the like so extra. Like, so we never ever discussed it, but we also knew Listen Dre is one of the, the greatest like Right. So I knew he was gonna get it outta me. I just, I made it hard. I made it hard. Yeah. You were the album. I was gonna say the album. The book is out right now. Who's that girl album? Who's that? Girl? And I. Appreciate you for joining. I do one. No, thank you for having me. I got one final question about who's that girl? Yes. Who? Who were you at the start of this book? Yeah. Oh, that's a Good question. Who would you say you are?


Oh, that's a good question. At the start, I definitely tried to write it like an interview and Kathy actually checked me on that 'cause she was like, look, I don't wanna take you back to trauma, but you need to emote for people to understand where you're coming from. So I think I was slightly guarded and then as I went through it and I'm getting, I don't know why I'm getting emotional. It's okay. Go ahead. First time somebody ask me this question, you home. I just feel like all that shit that I had on like one of my healers used to call it an invisible backpack of shit of other people's shit. Of your shit. I'm like, that shit's off. And listen, my life's been great.


This is, this is not a book about being like, fuck that. This, this is not a book. This is a book about me realizing how, as much as I say I was in this personal tomo turmoil term. Turmoil. Turmoil. Turmoil. Yeah. Turmoil. Turmoil. How determined I was to believe in myself to get to a certain place. And that at the end of the book I was like, damn, I'm proud of myself. So yeah. Alright. Word. Who that girl in memoir. Gentlemen out right now. Thank you for joining us this Morning. Thank you. I did not expect tears to on like at all. But thank you for having me. I'm Glad didn't fall. We ain't got no tissue.


Ain't no y'all just be hot in the corner. You could let it flow. We need it for the content. Hand The tissues right. Let it throw in. All right. It's The, Breakfast. Club. It's Eve. Thank y'all. Thank You. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


Take a deep dive into the stories, making the news headlines across The World The news agents. We are not just here to tell you what's happening, but why from me, Emily Mala And me, John Sopel with Global's Award-winning podcast. The news agents dropping daily, covering everything you need to know about politics and current affairs and the News agents USA following every twist and turn in the race for the White House. Listen to the news agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hey gorgeous. It's Paris Hilton. Get the party started with my new album, infinite Icon out now and stream the new single Bad Academy Welcome to the academy. I wanted this album to be an escape. Take people to a happy place where they can heal and party in equal measure. And most of all, be your own unapologetic icon. Listen on iHeartRadio and visit infinite icon.com to order the album sponsored by 1111 Media.


What's up? It's me, Don Toliver. If I could describe the whole ultra open earbuds, I think I would describe it as very seamless. It can definitely be something that you can style. It's like earing candy. Check out bulls.com for more.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Here are those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouth watering waterfall. Irresistibly, tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide


Residents at BrightView Senior Living. Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior, independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.