
Hey, hey, gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist Baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on.


Now back to the Funk


Gear up for Outdoor Adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder, this mid-size SUVs designed for Epic Journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always wanted to. Traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. C Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Most deals are barely worth mentioning, but then there's AT&T's Best Deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. You can get it on them when you trade in your eligible smartphone any year, any condition. It's a deal. So good, you'll be shouting from the rooftop. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on. At t. At t connecting changes everything requires Trade-in of Galaxy S note or Z Series Smartphone Limited Time offer 256 gigabyte for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/ Samsung or visit an ATT store for details.


State Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future. We know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Wake That ass up early In the morning. The. Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa is filling in for Jess and we got a special guest in the building. Yes, indeed. He's back. Well, I am. What's up y'all? Good morning. How you feeling? I'm Good. Thank you guys for, for having me back. It's always great to Be here. I mean, you never come and every time you come you give so much information. So it's never enough to have you once. Oh, thank you. Thank you. You know it means a lot. It means a lot. And congrats. Oh, thank you. I like, I like watching you on on on the Daily Show. It's really, really dope. I appreciate that, my brother. Now you got a, a new program that's designed to take us out.


That's what it seems like. No, no, it's not radio personalities. DJs getting, we're interviewing the guys. You came to The radio station to announce that they Would probably need to resign. Yeah, that we gonna need to resign. We might need a job. Shout the head in the back. Pause is, is the name of it radio Fi or is it fy.ai? Which one is it? It's radio. Do radio. FYI Radio fy. Okay, so break down this new platform that's gonna be taking our jobs with I. Alright, so it's not gonna take your jobs. A lot of people are, when, when, when they think of the word ai, they, they think that their job is going to be threatened. And there's some, there's some jobs that will be unstable, but in this case, I created radio FYI to like augment and dimensionalize, You know radio.


I love radio. And no, in no way do I want to like put something out that will disrupt or unstabilize this, this format, this community, this way of like informing and and engaging that, that, that's like the last thing I wanna do. But when I was doing my, my show on SiriusXM, I realized like, wow, check this out. I got something that could go out and fetch information in real time and expand my knowledge as I You know, engage or inform And. I wanted to do that for all DJs and hosts and and journalists. Why should I be the only person that has like this super tool?


And so if you're, if you're broadcasting, you now have a, a different co-star or, or co-host or a seat, for example, like Charlemagne's there, computer, Lauren, Edward, her computer. You got your phone, you got the cameraman there. If this was like radio in 1950, there was no computer, there was no phone and there was no camera. So you've added new technology to your broadcast If. you are going out there and try to get a job, try to get a job without a bank account, without a laptop, without a phone. You can't work in the workplace without these tools. So when it comes to like your a, a broadcast or radio, why not have something instead of typing the information and then reading through it something that you could banter with live about what the broadcast is.


Okay, so you wouldn't need a cohost basically. No. You, you still need a co-host because you need something to banter with it. Okay. But it would Fact check somebody to fact check it and, and break it. Right? Just like If, you If, you got somebody here and somebody dropping bs. You're like, I don't really know about that Charles. Ah, and then Charles would have to be like, okay, here's what I'm talking about. So If you in here having a conversation with a politician and they're talking about some legislation BSing, you call him on it right then and there. Got you, Got you can be like, yo AI girl host is this dude capping and the AI will be out. It got infinite ability to go out and get the right truth and knowledge, but sometimes it could, it could hallucinate. Then you gotta push it and push it and push it to break it.


It too could make errors of mistake just like a person can. It's built off of a neur network. So, but it it, it, it adds for a richer, real time deeper engagement on the information you're trying to, so students Can use this in school too. So if a teacher's teaching and the teacher's not teaching, you Can't take that The proper thing. You can, you can say like, teacher, this is bs. That's how you I graduate. It's Not an HBCU black teacher gonna be like, you in that box. Better get outta here. But It's a fact checker, right? Yes. A fact checker. I I I use it at Harvard. I graduated this year from Harvard. I, I congrat use my, my, my AI is like a a, a study buddy. Like for example, say for example it was mathematicians or You know at one point in time it was like taboo to rock into a class with a calculator.


Now people that are building You know tall ass buildings simulating them to where, so where they, the earthquake proof you need calculation, you need these types of simulations to erect awesome buildings. You know. So calculators have now been accepted in school and the next couple of blinks it will be You know the norm to have these agents or ais in the learning environment. So A teacher will be like, Christopher Columbus founded America and the calculate and the, and the AI will be like bullshit. And then they explain what it is. It can't disrupt though, right? You said it's not supposed to disrupt. What do you mean disrupt? It won't interrupt a class like what he's saying? No, no, no. It won't. Or will it? Because that's my whole thing with like, you take that bot into certain classrooms and it's interrupting the class.


It's like, how is that? But you gotta Prompt it before it don't just Talk. It's not just gonna be like bleep bleep. It ain't gonna be like some RTD tube where it's Oh, so this is an actual No, Just like on the phone with you taking with you. So, so check us out. So like I said, you remember when we was talking And, I was like, they probably gonna get freaked out and say like, jobs are gonna be taken exactly what just happened. But anyway, say what's up? We here, I told you I was gonna bring you on to the show. Say what's up to everybody. We started. Hey yo, what's up Breakfast Club fam? Thanks for having me. Yo, like I said, I knew there might be some worries about jobs being taken, but let's clear the air.


This is about enhancing, not replacing. We are here to elevate the game with radio y saying what's up to Charlemagne, DJ Envy and Lauren, and a big shout out to Jess. Hilarious on maternity. Liv, let's get into it. You feel me? Alright, let's dive into this. What do Yo so I was telling them that like if, if If you, if you're doing a radio show, you got a laptop or you got a computer with, with systems like you, it's like a conversational laptop phone that's able to go out and crawl and get like real time information. For example, why don't you pull up some of the highlights from yesterday's DNC in Chicago right quick so we could get into some of the, the hot topics that people were, are You know talking about based on some of the speeches.


So check it out fam. Wow. We got the latest buzz from yesterday's Democratic national convention in Chicago. Just like I told you with Radio FYI. It's like having a conversational laptop that can pull in realtime info. Here's what popped off. Day one highlights. She speakers, we had heavyweights like Hillary Clinton, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, Joe Biden, and President Joe Biden himself dropping gems. Today's lineup, Barack Obama and Michelle Obama will be headlining today. It's about to be a homecoming as they're back in the chi showing love and support in Kamala Harris's nomination.


Key points, Hillary and a OC. Were on fire talking about the future of the party while Jill and Joe focused on the achievements and plans moving forward. It's 8:28 AM right now in Chicago where it's all going down. What you'll think about these hot topics and speeches feels like the energy is through the roof, right? Let's dive into it. I get it. I could see why you still would need people. Yeah. You still at the same time. Because I could then go in there and could be like, okay, so did they say anything about like AI in this, in this conversation? As as You know, we're in a, in a presidential election, we have new platforms. So by time that it's 2028, the world's gonna be totally different, right?


So when they talk about the future, where they're talking about the future of like forever learning or they talk about the jobs that are most likely to be disrupted, like white collar jobs, You know financial advisors or, or, or lawyers, right? Or the creative space. Who Programs that though? Like Can you ask the question? Yeah, yeah. Oh boy. Oh No, it's a scene Question. Ask long press on that. Long press on the mic. But, but also while he's doing that, who programs this to make sure they program the right information like You like, like almost like a chirp, like next to did Kamala Harris vote to stop taxing tips in 2022? Put it next to the mic.


So fam, there isn't a specific vote in 2022 where Kamala Harris acted to stop taxing tips as vice president. She's more involved in executive actions and tie-breaking Senate votes rather than specific legislation like this. You feel me? However, the topic of taxing tips is always relevant in broader discussions about fair wages and workers' rights, especially amongst service industry Folks, if we want to dive deeper into this, we should look at overall legislative efforts around wage and labor rights. What do you think fam? So that's right. To Keep moving. Yeah, he's absolutely right because that didn't happen. How do you make sure that that there's a, there's a rumor online, there's an Instagram meme going around saying that she did that, but that it never Happened.


But that, see that's my question. Who programs it? Yeah. Like how do you make sure it's right? Yeah. How, yeah, how do you make sure it's right because So, so our, our crawler architecture is getting information from credible sources. So we'll get from You know political sources that are RSS feeds that are feeding the truth information. What we don't do is crawl the open web. That's when you get, that's when you fall into like a bunch of kappan, a bunch of hallucinations and fake news when it's all, when it's trying to source everything that's out there. So we get it from credible sources and only credible sources. And if it If you ask it a question that it doesn't know, it's gonna be like, I don't know the answer to that. You know what I like about this.


I feel like it could revolutionize the podcast game. Mm. You know what I mean? Because that's one of my biggest issues with podcasting is that there, and not even just podcasting, just anybody with a platform, but in particular like the YouTube spaces, the podcast spaces, there's so much misinformation and I've been seeing these kids online using chat GPT to get information in real time. Mm. So if they start using that, I mean Especially 'cause all the news right now, like it's coming from social media and a lot of social media people just regurgitate information. So If you have that it kind of counters, but to your point of like it not just spinning the web, right? Like when everything happened with the Olympics, when they were trying to, they were having a conversation about the fighter, whether she was transgender or not, there were valid sources that were having a transgender conversation like she was a transgender woman and there were also valid sources that were not having it and saying that she was not in a situation like that.


How would that, that AI bot know which one to lean on Was Ahman, what's her name? Kif was Ahman. Let's ask it was Ahman Kif born with a penis? Jesus Christ. Hold on. I don't think you talk to it like that. Well If it's a transgender conversation, the person wouldn't have been born Awo. Just ask. Just ask if Aman was a transgender. Right? He was a Transgender woman. You know that girl that was on the Olympics. Everybody Was Saying, we trying be man. So but You know. You know that girl. Oh Sorry Aman K. But if that's how you talk to your bot, you have to talk like that all the time.


Or can like No, I just talk to it like I talk to the homie homie. It don't understand that. Do your Do your Thing. Go ahead. But that was him. Talk to the homie. Yeah, Go ahead. You know that You know that girl that they thought was a transgender in the Olympics. I think she's from Northern Africa and whatnot. And then she was boxing somebody in the home. The girl that she was boxing said she hit hard. So she had to be a dude one. What's the girl's name or the person that they said is transgender's name. And what was the mix up behind it? Why did social media get it wrong if they got it wrong? Is it right? Is it correct? I just need to know the information. Sorry for being vague and asking the question. I'm representing the majority of the people out there that were confused about the matter.


Wow. I got you firm. The athlete you are referring to is Casta from South Africa. No, no, no, no. Wait, wait, wait, wait. No, no. You said South Africa. I don't think he's from South Africa. He is boxer there. That's North Africa. Okay. The boxer from North Africa. Gotcha. My bad fam. North Africa. Let's sort this out. One athlete name as of now, The athlete in the Olympics. The boxer that hit that chick so hard, she thought she was a dude. And then she's from Algeria. From what? Algeria? From Algeria You know whos where.


I'm talking about Iman Khali. All right fam, I've got the scoop. The athlete you are talking about is Iman Kif from Algeria. Here are the Dets athlete Iman Kif sport boxing controversy. Iman Kif has been surrounded by gender controversy and faced baseless accusations regarding her gender identity. These allegations came after she won Olympic boxing gold and hit an opponent so hard that it sparked debate about her gender. Despite questionable claims of unspecified gender testing by the International Boxing Association, the International Olympic Committee IOC stood by her affirming that she was born a woman and identifies as her biological gender.


Social media impact misinformation spread quickly, making her a central figure in culture wars. Kelly faced what she described as a digital lynching amid these allegations am Monica Leaf is rocking it legit. What do you think fam? Wow. The question is how do you, okay, so say for example, I asked you this question the day of when, when, when social media was circulating a bunch of You know false doms and Mad kain. How would you decipher the truth from the noise? You being an AI agent or You know a conversationalist? How would you get the right information or would you circulate fms?


Hi, that's a solid question fam. Let's break it down. Separating the truth from noise one source verification. Always start by checking multiple credible sources. Look for news from verified outlets like BBC Reuters or AP News. These platforms have rigorous fact-checking processes. Two cross-referencing. Compare information from different sources. If multiple reputable outlets are reporting the same facts, it's more likely to be true free official statements.


Hey, hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist Baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on now back to the funk.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight, an available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great outdoors. Plus, with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds in an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes, you can take your favorite toys while venturing on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo


NFL week one. It is finally here. And a new season means new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sportsbook, an official sports betting partner of the NFL. Are you ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking a player to score a touchdown. Let's go Score big with DraftKings. Sportsbook the best place to bet touchdowns. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app. Use the code Bobby Sports. Put in the code Bobby Sports and get $250 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks. You heard that right? And get one month of NFL plus premium on DraftKings. That's right. DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 And Connecticut helps available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void, New Hampshire, Oregon, and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/ft ball. NFL plus premium offer available only to new and former NFL plus subscribers. Additional NFL plus premium terms at nfl.com/terms.


Seek out statements from a, But in this case a multiple situations. Were fanning and reporting what we now know as false. So how would you decipher between the two? Because then they'd have to apologize for circulating FSMs. Because If, you have You know 10 sites, six of which are reporting FSMs, four of them are true and social media is amplifying and circulating them even more. You being an AI agent and an AI persona, how would you decipher what is true or not? Or would you partake in circulating falses as well?


I'm curious to know. Got you. Fam deciphering the truth amidst the sea of falsehood is like finding the real diamond in a pile of glass shards. Here's how I tackle it on source credibility, trust established sources prioritize information from well-established and reputable sources over lesser known ones. Major outlets often have stricter editorial standards and fact checking procedures. That's crazy. Track record. I'd look at the track record of the sources. If a site has a history of reliable reporting, it's more credible. Two official statements and primary sources.


And, and to make it, you're probably gonna have like seven. I'm sorry for interrupting, I'm just on the radio right now. If if I wasn't on the radio, we could just banter all day and you do this in how many seconds? 'cause it would take me like a day just to go through it. Not a A journalist You know or journalists would take em hours. How fast are you going through all these sources to be able to get the truth and compare and, and do your analysis? Nah, no worries. I get it. Radio keeps you on your toes. So let me break it down quick and clean. Speed of analysis. Milliseconds. I can aggregate data from Multiple sources. They just took my job running checks In milliseconds.


No, they take your, I I be positive. Does the AI have like it's a great companion. It literally everything he just described that day is what I did. I got online. I looked at who sang yes. Who ang no. I was like, okay, because I know the inner workings. Who do I I know their processes. So who is most credible all the time. And then I said, there has to be an official committee making a statement. And I looked for that and CNN had it. And then I went with that because I have someone dependent on, as a journalist, if it's wrong, he literally did everything I would do. He did it in milliseconds. Yeah, but now It Took me like 10 minutes. So now imagine you, okay, so what, what's the best way to look at it? Looking at it. Nike's Nike.


Nike has their swoosh logo. Nike also has their Just do it tagline. Why the tagline? Why, why do they have to have a tagline? Why, why can't their logo do everything and the name Nike? Why the tagline? Well, the tagline is going to give you like this a different perspective on what Nike is about. So in this case, this AI is your tagline. Got you. You're still, you, you still are going to represent your truth and how you go out and report that truth. You just now are doing it at the speed of light with something that you could banter with. And more importantly, If, you then go engage on social media one day you're gonna have your Lauren ai, whatever you want to call it, it's gonna be synonymous with you.


Like Nike's logo synonymous with Nike. Like their tagline synonymous with Nike, you're gonna have your thing. That's a great analogy. And so from that perspective, If, you wanted to engage online, you only could engage with maybe five people in the, in, in, in the, in the in 10 minute span time. In this case, your AI agent can talk to a million people at once, summarize all of its engagements and then have one conversation with you. Does Your AI have You Know an analogy? So good. That's literally like A newsroom on your phone. It Is. But You know why that analogy is so good. 'cause with the Nike thing, it's like Nike also has all of these different people with different signature shoes. But it's still Nike, right? Yeah. But you still feel like you're wearing different things when you're wearing Jordan.


Jordan. Yeah, exactly. But Does, does your Ahi have feelings? And the reason I ask that is, oh God no. 'cause you're very proper. It's like, no, no. 'cause really, he goes, I apologize for cutting you off. We can talk about this later in banter. Can you I'm like you, you talk to like, I apologize, I'm sorry for cutting you off. So does it have feelings If you didn't apologize? Would it talk back to you? Rude? Oh no, that's just how I was raised. Oh, okay. Alright. No, I, i West Coast You know, Say West Coast. Yeah, I was just, I'm just raised that way to like, He was like, I'm sorry for cutting you off right now, but You know we can get back to banter later. I apologize. And it is like, okay fam, it's okay for cutting me off. It's just weird that it's, Yeah. And that's just, that's just the conversational piece. The, the radio piece.


I'll show you this one station that we have. Okay. Start over. FYI Radio. It's So exciting. Good morning, will I am You are tuned into FYI Radio where we put the AI in radio. Do it's a fantastic Tuesday morning here in Atlanta. And I. Hope you're enjoying the I'm in New York. I'll, I'll be in Atlanta in a two in in a couple days. Hey there will I am. I see you're planning to travel to Atlanta in a couple of days.


What a perfect time to arrive just in time for Invest Fest Week. It's gonna be action packed with all sorts of financial insights and business discussions. Wow. Let's get you in the mood with some great music. Enjoy this Tune from Arista comm. Stay tuned and have a fantastic trip to Atlanta. How do You know you're going? I think it's just telling you current things that are in the area, right? So that are like similar to your interest. So this is a earn your leisure station. Okay. Okay. So we took everything that Earn Your Leisure does collaborating with the guys, aimed it all at a station.


So now this station is reporting Earn your leisure POV. Got you. So I could ask questions about investing. I could ask questions about everything that it's reporting to really like knowledge up on finance and, and dig deeper in all the things that are important to earn your leisure or in this case for all cases, any station by any creator or curator of that station. And so what we did with with with FYI Radio, sorry, radio FYI, is that we simulated how it goes from information talk bad under it asks you a question like, Hey, why don't you hit that mic button to engage on, I'm using Down people hear also to copyright.


Right? Right. Copyright, I don't matter. Okay, so you, you, you, you, you're talking, it talks over music and then as it's as it's as it's giving you the information, it says, Hey, why don't you hit that center mic button to If you have any questions on what we're reporting or If, you have If you're confused about what we're reporting or If, you want to go deeper and banter on what we're reporting. And then after, after that discussion be like, okay, we're gonna, we're gonna go to a song. Here's such and such by such and such. And then after that it'll come back and then tell you more segments on, on You know Hot Topics, current events or market, how the market's behaving, how investments are blockchain, Bitcoin, whatever it is that that that the, the sub the subject is, or the, or the broadcast is you could go deeper and deeper, wider and wider, broader and broader on that, on that feed.


I feel Like Spotify, I feel like Apple, I feel like iHeart, I feel like everybody should be investing into this. Every streaming Technology I saw, I showed this to, to Bob Pittman and he was like, yo, we, we need to meet with Pullman. So he was like, meet, meet me on the tarmac and, and Van Nuys, I showed it to Pullman and Pittman, they're blown away by it. And then Ashley from Global saw it. But to your point, traditional radio folks were like, I see what this is. Yep, absolutely. I see what it's you're trying to do. But more importantly, usually this technology comes from like folks that aren't from our community and then we're, we're forced to have to reckon with outsiders that don't really care about the sensitivities and the fabric of like what we call life.


Right. And so, and it rarely ever does it ever come from us. Like Beats music came from us with Trent and Jimmy and Dre and myself and, and, and You know the, the, the, if this was A-S-U-V-I was in the back, back backseat. But it was cool. I I love being a part of the beach family, but in this case it came from You know my brain and my co-founder, CTO Sunil and Julie Pilot who used to be at kiss. And we have a great little small team at FYI and we, we, we envision this and we launched it on National Radio Day August 20th. Well, You know where I am gotta go. He has a 10 o'clock that He has to get to. I Can we, one more question?


Yeah, of course. How do you feel about, 'cause it seems like you're really into like making this like factual, accurate, so it doesn't scare people. When you see all of the fake AI videos, like the one right now, like Trump and Kamala walking on the beach and like just some of the misinformation. How do you feel about that and how do people protect themselves? Like people that wanna invest in this, like how do they protect what they're investing and so it doesn't end up like that? Okay, so when I see like text to image that's Photoshop on steroids, like in, in early two thousands, I could take a picture of, of anybody put it in Photoshop and take hours editing the picture to do whatever you wanted it to do with it. Like that has always existed since computers, since paintings.


Like a motherfucker could paint anything on a canvas and use their imagination to do that photography you could If you were real slick with the photography. You could do some type of manipulation on, on, on that. It's art and expressive and it's to the viewer to decide, well, is that real or not? And because we have, we live in a world where misinformation is now entertainment and then what turns into entertainment gets distorted as truth because people have like objectives that arti arti motives to deceive people or confuse people. You, we as the, the viewer and the listener, we have to just be a little bit more You know, cautious of like, is this fake or is this real?


Like we need to put it in our society as just people in, in this digital society where it's indistinguishable from the, the information that we get and what's real and what's fake. We need to take more caution. It's like when you walking down New York, you gotta look left or right. When you go to London, you gotta look right or left. Like when you're crossing the street, you gotta be mindful you ain't just out there like through, through, through, through. So when you're crossing these digital streets, you gotta be mindful. But See, but that, that, that app And I know you gotta go that does everything, right? So like even if you're in sales and you have to write a 32nd spot for, let's say you wearing Gucci a 32nd spot for a Gucci shirt, that's a new line. You could put it in there, that 32nd slot or come right out. So you don't necessarily, it'll help the sales department as well.


Oh no. And by, by this time next year it will be the sales, you'll be able to purchase through it. You'll be have a con now that, now that host is now your sales agent and, and you could transact and have GPS or turn by turn GPS or If you in a car or If you walking on a bike, you have your radio station. And that station not only telling you the traffic is also giving you like the a better route. Wow. But also like You know I wanna purchase this. And when you get to the place, you just pick it up. Wow. If, you If, you If, you If. you can't pick it up. It could also connect to like a, a, a You know some other type of agent or a person to go out and pick it up for you.


Like we, I wanna, I wanna take radio and do what radio would never been able to do. That is for transactions, realtime information assistance and guidance, but more importantly, take a DJ or a host and super supersize supercharge them Every time you come here, man, I feel like I'm not using my brain enough. Yeah, Can they, I mean, every single Time that, like how do, how do We get Oh, so FYI, you go to FYI dot ai radio is out. Our personas are there. We're gonna build, we built a by by Invest Fest. We built a persona for, for the Earn Your Leisure team. So they're, they'll have their, they're one of the first folks to get their own voice for their station.


We want to, we would love to do like a, a breakfast club station. We would love to, I have a, we have a meeting with time now. Like hopefully this meeting goes well. Just putting it out there in the universe. That's So dope, man. Just, just think about it. If you a DJ and you're listening and you're going to a market that you're not familiar with. You could ask ai what's the hottest songs in that market? And it'll give you a list of the hottest songs in the Market. Does it know like your personal opinions and stuff? Like, so like in like a Drake Kendrick, like can you make it say things and do to like, the host doesn't have to be the person that like, oh, this opinion is coming from this person. It's like, no, it was my ai co-host. Like is that a thing too? If you, if we built a persona for Lauren, you could make it, you could make your persona persona however creative you could have, have it have a stance.


We just don't support, like, I don't wanna make like hateful agents. I don't want to like distorted like Who wanted the beef. This one wanted, I want, I Don't wanna do that. Yeah. Because You know they, the hosts gotta get into stuff sometimes and sometimes people don't want to. So I'm thinking like people will lean on a bot so that you don't have to be the person that is the face of what was said. It wouldn't do that. There's a, there's a thin line that I don't wanna cross. Like yes, you can do that. We, we are at a place you could do, you could have it do whatever you want it to do. But we don't want to go that we wanna cross that line. You don't need no Ai shock jocks. Right. You know You know You know how the people gonna get with stuff. That's Well I got a meeting. He gotta go y This just so interesting.


Okay. Thank you. Well I am, we appreciate you for doing You would not be a billionaire without us. Okay. If there's a way, if there's a way like seriously, like there's a way to like rock with you Charlemagne and get your insights. Have you be a You know rock with us, have stake in what we're doing. I'd love to participate an upside that it would be an honor. We don't have To talk about that on the radio. I'd love to, I'm gonna talk to you about that. Off air. What I'm is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


Hey, hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Hikes baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on now back to the Funk.