
I'm Julian Edelman. I'm Rob Gronkowski, And we are super excited to tell you about our new show Dudes On Dudes. We're spilling all the behind scenes stories, crazy details, and honestly just having a blast talking football. Every week we're discussing our favorite players of all times, from legends to our buddies to current stars. We're finally answering the age old question. What kind of dudes are these dudes? We're gonna find out. Jules, new episodes drop every Thursday during the NFL season. Listen to dudes on, dudes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Jess is on maternity leave. So Lauren LaRosa is filling in and we got a special guest in the building. The icon living. Yes. Miss Erica. Bad dude. Welcome back. Peace. Peace, peace. How you feeling? How you feeling? Exquisite. There you go. All right. Yeah. Well, we, I don't know if you noticed last time you were in here the art wasn't up, but you see the art now. Look how you syn it though. Y you got queen mother blessing the whole room. That's right. I gotta pull out the pussy then. What? Well, You, you got bottle pussy on There. It's my purse. You got the incense.


I got it. I've been burning, I've been burning 'em incense since you dropped them. She said she need the pussy. She said she need the pussy. I saw y'all two together at the awards. Yes. Yesterday. Congratulations on that too. Congratulations on receiving the cf d Fashion Icon Award. Oh, thank you very, very much. Super. I have no idea what that means, but super proud. But I feel like you deserve all the awards, so congrats. It's, they say, I found out it's the Oscar of fashion. Really? Yeah. So that, that award means a lot to people in the fashion industry. And thank you Syd. And to us as artists as well. You know creators who are, I love Art Melly, Trying to You know, evolve our, our culture.


You know. So that means a lot to be recognized. It's always felt like you had a effortless style. Do you really put a lot of thought into how you, how you Dress? Sometimes. Okay. You know. Sometimes I do and sometimes it's just grace blow that it just happens. Yeah. There you go. You not supposed to blow out incense. They old Google. Don't like that. Why? You tell me to blow out. I'm, I'm kidding. But I'm not kidding. Okay. So I'm just trying to say it's not me. The fire Alarm's about to go off. It ain't on me. We got so much of this at the house. Y'all do? Yeah. When you first put it out a couple years ago. Absolutely.


Now, you said during your speech that this was an award that you wanted for a long time. Yeah. Was that true that long? You said as A Childly Since You know, I didn't even know that you could get an award for that, but just wanted to be recognized for the canvas that I create when I go out. I mean, it's really important to me. It's my therapy. You know I can't leave without having my, like I said, in a speech shit together. You know. It's just something that came with my head. You know it's a, a nagging thing. You know. Make sure your shit is together. And sometimes when I don't try it really hard, it sometimes gracefully comes together.


I guess maybe 'cause of my intention, the fashion gods gave me the keys out here in these streets. Well, you get it from your mom and grandma Pops. Definitely my mama. Okay. Yeah, definitely. Colleen Wright. They used to call her Twiggy in high school after the model because she was just so original and she had bleached her hair white. She was a really skinny kid with big eyes. She's really creative. Yeah. And, and how difficult is it for you to s have so much of a Fashion Sense, right? Because you travel a lot. How much luggage do you have to carry? How much do you go shopping? You seen my luggage. I know that's, but that's what I'm saying. You carry a lot of freaking lugg.


Like your, let me lemme explain. Her luggage has her own bus. Wow. Well, I'll explain that. I'm here for it. When you're your own stylist and your own makeup person and your own hair person. And then I do the band's wardrobe and You know they're just instruments and all kinds of things. So I carry a production. So I like to see the vision all the way through and have my hands in it. There's a word for that. An artist who has their hands in every aspect of the, the work of the vision. It's called a aur, I think A-U-T-O-I-R Artur.


And that's, they de describe it as an artist or a visionary who has a, an idea and has to see it all the way through in each department because they, they have the ability to do that. So, So you write a song and You know what the video gonna look like. You know what you gonna wear you. Yeah. Okay. Wow. You talked last night about your best friend who accompanied you to the awards, Alfredo and Alfredo and him introducing you to a lot of the fashion houses and stuff like that. Were fashion houses, houses always like open and like rushing to support you and all of your creative ideas? Or did you have to, was there a fight? Because I, a lot of artists talk about it being a fight, trying to get into the couture houses. You know it was, I I I was out since 1997.


And Social Media was really the opening to a lot of these relationships because they could now directly get to the artists where they probably didn't know how to get to the ones that they wanted to feature before. Right. But the first person that reached out to me was Tom Ford. Mm. Tom Ford wanted me to do a, a perfume at White Patchouli, which was his natural incense flavors. What Year was This? This was 2002 maybe. Oh, okay. 2002. Yeah. So that's Tom Ford and Tom Ford's from Texas as well. So we kind of formed a, a bond.


And I guess as I evolved my style other houses or artists. 'cause it's really the creative director. Yes. Who is the person? He is the, he is the house at the time. 'cause his vision is trusted most. And they started You know, kind of paying attention to You know the, the Giness or the Freeness or the hobo Chicness. It was, it's been called all kinds of things. But yeah, they, they caught notice. And next was Roberto tci. And he was the creative director of Givenchy at the time. And that was my first full campaign.


And he let me co style with him and put things together. And I think it just after that I was kind of You know. I was on the radar for, for certain things. Definitely the page to go to if you want to know what's next. Right. Yeah. And how do you pick, like last night you were in Tom Brown or the other day at the CFDA awards. You were in Tom Brown. How do you pick which designers in which houses now you wanna work with? 'cause I'm sure they're all banging. You can do anything you want now. Right In I, I picked Tom specifically for this event because he's the chairman of the event. Yes. And he's, he's also a very, very good friend of mine. And his art is just so amazing. So I thought since I was being honored, I would also honor him by wearing one of his pieces.


And I chose one from runway and a, a really beautiful architectural shape. Real pretty And I said. But I need something futuristic ancient to go on top. You know. And I saw this ai, I think he saw this post this morning, I'm not sure. But I saw this AI rendering of this, this headpiece, And I reached out to the person, And I told them, this is really beautiful. I would love to challenge a designer to bring this to life in, in, in the, in the five D World. Four D world. And he said, okay.


So I called a friend Chris Habana, who does a lot of crafting and amazing jeweler. And he said yes. And he had three days and he pulled a team together and they did some, what do you call it? Some renderings and yeah, they, they did some, put it in a machine. It's plastic. You can make a gun with it. You can make a house with it now Printing, 3D printing, right. Yeah. He, they did some 3D printing to try to really It is, it's amazing. It's amazing. Do you remember where you were at when you got the call for that you was getting the CFDA award? I was at home and my agency forward forwarded me the, the email.


I was like, wow. Okay. It's good. It's good. That's good stuff. That's Good. Did you immediately know what you was gonna wear? Did you see that vision? Absolutely not. Okay. Absolutely not. This thing was three weeks away. Yeah. I didn't know I was gonna wear it tomorrow at that time. You, you've done capsules before with people and, and collaborated. Have you ever thought about just Straight up, I like how you trying to talk low and soft just 'cause everybody, you don't even talk like that You know I'm saying Gotta calm down Every time she I Don I be In the vibe. Put you in the vibe. Yes. But I was gonna ask You know I will never blow out an instant again either When it comes.


You ever thought about doing your whole line like a full clothing line for America Badu from Ruda to TDA and everything in between. And I. Have thought about that. I I had a chance to practice that with Marni and Francesco Risso. We did a collab Mar and Badu last year. A lot of things happened for me in fashion last year. Right. You know, there were the last two years, it was my first fashion week. So that's when I really started to catch the bug. And I met Francesco because we went to the Met Ball together and we drew up some things and talked about some things and had a capsule line that came out.


And these sleeves are part of it. The collab was everywhere. It was. That's so funny. Yes. Everybody was in y'all collab and Marni, that was your first fashion week? Yes. Oh, like you attending or like what do you mean by that? Yeah, it was my first fashion week in 2023. Yeah. Wow. My first, and that was so during that time that, that collab is when you No. 22. Is That collab, the collab when you got to work with your daughter Puma too, with Marni? Or was it a different Yes. Okay. Yes. And how did that feel? Because like, okay, we see LeBron and Brony on the, on the court and they're like, You know, but like, this is your lane and now your daughter's coming into it and y'all are working with a fashion house.


Yeah. How did you feel just doing that with her? It was surreal. It was a dream. You know, because Puma's such an individual person that I didn't know what direction she wanted to go in And. I still don't You know. She's, she's 20, so she's kind of finding her way. And sometimes when your kid is an artist, they don't want to follow your shadow. Yeah. They want to find their own thing. You know. But she was cool with supporting me and standing beside me and she was like, mom, I don't care. You know. This is for you. You know. So I wanna back to, I don't feel like nobody can dress like you if they tried.


Yeah. Well, yeah. Like what happened with the line because You, you what they got to do what we talking about. Because even I feel like a line, I feel like, I feel like everything you do is spirit art even down in your fashion. Yeah, man. So I don't know if you don't embody that spirit, I don't even know how that would Even Sure man, you are such a wise person. You really are. Ever since I've met you, you tap into things so well. Yeah. I, I approach everything the same way. It's a feeling I feel. Yeah. Yeah. So would you do your own line? Do you want to do your line or that's not something that's in your call for right now? Absolutely. Absolutely.


Would you have the time for it? Oh yeah. I would make time. I'd make time. This is my last fashion question. Why she, she, She got a water with a fashion award this week. All Right. I didn't know. I didn't know if you wanted to get to other stuff. I've Been trying to get this award since I was sick Because look, I'm locked and loaded over here. So Ask me everything. I've been playing with paper dolls, trying to make sure that people You know really appreciate my, my work. It's kind of like putting, putting your picture on the refrigerator. Mm. So your mom sees it and you never respect your mom to say nothing bad. So it's such a shock every time. It's always new when people are disrespectful and mean and all people Disrespectful and mean to you.


Oh Hell yeah. Who I fuck 'em up. Who You told somebody that the other day. And I tell somebody the other day. I feel like you gotta feel like you going against like to do that to you. Who? I mean they try it You know what I'm saying? But I'm anointed and protected. And I don't have a heart. So they, they can't You know they can't penetrate me. What you mean you don't have a heart? I'm joking. Oh, this Is something I don't care about this. Put the PenFed and paper up. You don't have to take notes about this. I saw online you were doing some interviews just after the awards and you were wearing some Jordans. Yes. Were those there were, that was a Jordan Virgil collab? No, it, it wasn't. Okay. It was, that's not true then. Because they were saying it was like a unreleased club.


It did, it was an unreleased one. But it wasn't Virgil, it was shoe surgeon. Got you. Okay. Yeah. People just give you like, how did, how do you get your hands on people online were going crazy over the collab. Yeah. And they were trying to figure out where, like how you even got the, the shoes Right. Showed up at my door one day. Yo, Yo. I was like, yeah. I was like, Yo, all my fashion block pages are literally, literally trying to figure out Yes. Shoot y'all zoomed in on and everything. I zoomed in. So, because I'm like, I don't even see any of Virgil's, like You know he has the things that he does. Yeah. When You know it's him, I'm like, I don't see none of That shoe. Hers to get busy. Yeah.


Mm. Yeah. Yes. Go ahead. Yeah. Maybe, maybe. I'm not gonna say nothing about that. Why? Okay. Nothing. What, What, what, what? Damn. Yeah. How'd you feel about that? It was my first time, so I'm joking. I'm Joking, I'm joking. Oh, See, I'm trying To throw, I'm trying to throw, throw, throw off the audience so they'll know what I told you. Oh. 'cause I was sitting here like when to hear your answer. I don't know what you just Said. Nah. We'll tell y'all another time when the news come out. That's right. That said how you feel about that Now you've always been an artist that's sensitive about your shit.


You told that a long time ago. But you said in your speech at CFDA that is scary being a artist in the Social Media era. Yeah. So how, how, how has Social Media made that critique worse, I guess? Yeah. It is scary. I mean, I've heard my own kids be afraid to express and share their art. Ery Badu is scared to share their art and express themselves because the, the audience is so vicious at this point. And they have such a huge appetite for blood and they want people to be disciplined and humbled and punished for their success almost. That's right.


It's what it seems like. So that's why You know a lot of kids are afraid to You know, share their work or share their art or feel like they have to come in, come at it with some kind of armor on. And that armor doesn't allow for the art to truly express itself, in my opinion. So it's a, it's a scary time for, for art. We didn't have to do that. We didn't have to deal with that. You know, you heard the few little comments and things, but those weren't strong enough to penetrate a strong person. But these things are now, because when people come at you in numbers, You know we've talked about group think so many times.


It's what it was a prediction that I made with Windows. Window seat That's right. In 2010 Group think would overshadow art. And it is right now. Yes. Because people can, people can, I think it's very smart to get at the, the channels and even the whole, instead of getting at the, the, the bloggers and the people, we see artists penalizing the, the, the channels themselves.


And I think that's the smart thing because that's what has to change. If that doesn't, if there's no place to do that, then, then it won't be done. I agree. Will it get back to that children are You think, Huh? You think it'll ever get back to where people feel comfortable releasing music? Or not hesitant because of the amount of people that go at them? I mean, we see it in everything comedy. We see it in movies. We see it in just regular conversation. People are afraid to be quote unquote canceled. Yeah. It's kind of like, if if if it's eating, if it's feeding season You know you're a little bit more cautious to go outside. You know squirrels are not gonna try to run free and not be cautious when it's lion season. You know.


So it's, it might get back to it if, if we really want kindness. Kindness seems kind of boring to people. That's right. You know what I'm saying? It's kind of boring. There's no, there's people don't feel that there could be some kind of dope of being released from, from being kind or, or being Right. Does that make you hesitant to release music? No. Not me. But You haven't dropped in 14 years. 14 years. It's 14,000 10, 20 15. 2015. You, I can make you put your phone down. Yeah. 2015. That's 10 Years. Oh, the, the, okay.


The 10 Years Bling. Yeah. But an album you ain't put on an album since 20. Well, well one reason I don't have to is because I am a performance artist and I've been doing that constantly for the last 30 years. Eight years out, eight months out of the year, all year round. I do it. So that's what I love to do. I only put out albums when I have something to say. Like, I have something, yeah. Something pressing to, to say or push out. But I'm, I am, I have more than enough space to get my, my art out on stage.


So it's not totally necessary to put out albums for me. Yeah. I would just love to see the, the like the, the vision of God has shown you. 'cause like if you look at your catalog Right, your catalog literally has predicted where we are now. So I can only imagine the stuff you creating right now. How far into the future you, you see things. Mm, me too. I mean, I'm writing right now. I got a project coming out soon. A a full album? Yes. Wow. But I can't tell y'all about it. Ask the question. How Soon though Niggas be Biden? I Just got, I ain't gonna, I just got goosebumps though. How soon? It's gonna be soon.


Soon. Like by the end of the year. Soon or next year? Soon. We'll see. Yeah. It's an important one. It's a collab album. Oh, you want another artist, Someone? Yes. You are not gonna say, who are you? You get Andre 3000 a rap again. He's a Guy. He's a guy. Just so y'all know. Wow. Do I think he'll rap again? I say, is this gonna be the collab album that gets him to rap again? And also you can answer. Do you think he'll rap again? And and why would you say, is this gonna be the collab album? Because you, you're assuming that it's him. Yeah, I am. I'm asking. You can assume whatever you want, but I don't know. I mean, I don't know. I don't think he has to.


He's speaking with, with that instrument. It's the same thing. Mm. It amit the same kind of thing. Yeah. The way he make us feel when with bombs over Baghdad is the way he makes people who are ready for that feel. It's the same thing. It's his energy that's, it's just air. It's his win. I feel it. That's the rap You know to me. He rapping to me. That's true. Yeah. I went to go see, I went to go see the new blue, new blue stunt tour when he performed in Brooklyn. Yeah. And I felt very fulfilled. Me too. Very fulfilled. After it was over, I felt fulfilled because he was, he was fulfilled, he was happy.


He was doing what he wanted to do at his own pace. There was no urgency. You know to be right. He was happy with making mistakes. It was cool. I really enjoyed it. And I love improv. So I was happy he had a chance to get up there and express himself because, I don't know if you understand it, we have to do this or we, we may be sick or something. Artists who use their art as therapy or use their art as a coping mechanism, You know, helps me with all of the things that are off balance.


I have to do that. So seeing him being able to do that, 'cause I'm assuming that he may feel the same way I do. It's just such a blessing to have that platform to do it. You know, I could see where y'all are Twin Flames too, because he was on stage and it was one part of the show where he just started going, making all kind of noises and the crowd was answering 'em back. And then he goes, I wasn't saying shit. I was just fucking with y'all Last night. He pro pre or I keep saying last night, I don't know what date it's coming up, but he presented you with your C-F-D-A-I-A Fashion Icon Award. Yeah. On the way did like, I know you, you reached out to him to have him present to you and you guys had a conversation.


He was saying I I did. Well, well it was a kind of tricky thing. I actually reached out to Tiana Taylor because I think she's next. Wow. Okay. Yeah. I think she's, I think she has a really good grasp on art and fashion, functional art. I'm really impressed and inspired by her. But I asked her and I'd asked Andre before, but he didn't respond. And then they came back and told me after I asked Tiana that Andre said Yes, And I had to figure out how to do both You know Maneuver that.


Yeah. You know. 'cause that meant a lot to her. Oh yes. So I wanna tell her I love you so very much and I'm so happy that we are friends. And I. Hope that that did not bring a wedge between us in any way. But that's Andre 3000 girl and Your best friend. You gotta talk to people. You gotta talk through people to get to him. No. Oh, you just said they came back. My sister. Oh, okay. Told me that. He Responded. Got you. Got you. Nah, nah. Well, sometimes You know. Depends. You know how busy he is. Yeah. I, I'll I'll follow proper protocol if I have to. Yeah. How do you handle the challenge of balancing like your personal expression with the expectations that your fans in the music industry might, might place on Erykah Badu?


How do I do What? How do you b how do you handle the challenge of balancing like the personal expression with the expectation the fans may have? Like they might expect you to show up a certain way all of the time. It's fun. You know. It's, it's part of, it's part of the art because this, this career is an art. It's what it is. There's an art of longevity. There's an art of conceptualizing. There's an art of building a persona. There's an art of knowing when to divvy the art out, knowing when to pull back. It's all an art. So what the people feel and think are very, very important. It's a major part of it. 'cause they decide who and what you are.


I like to surprise them. I like to give them what they did not know. They, they may have wanted from me because I, I hope that I'm doing whatever I'm doing presently as well as I was doing what I was doing in the past. Hmm. As said artist, when did you realize that you didn't say that you didn't give a fuck and you said you're gonna do what you wanna do. You're gonna put out what you wanna put out. You don't necessarily have to fit in the box of every artist. You don't have to follow the platform and said, this is it. Take it, leave it. When did you get to that point In the contract negotiation in 19 97, 95. It was never a film.


No. I mean I was, I didn't have to do it. You know and they didn't have to do it. You know. I figured it was a partnership. And I was doing the record label a favor. Wow. I knew who I was. I knew what I was getting ready to do. I had a mission and nothing was going to infiltrate it. Not even my own fear and doubts. And I'm still on mission. Best work is still in me. And, I have not accomplished whatever that is yet because there's still this feeling of of use and greenness and growth. Yeah. When did you realize you was on divine assignment in your life? I was little. Yeah.


I always thought I was very, very special. Very anointed or narcissistic one. 'cause I just believed it. I always have. I no, nobody can tell me that, that it's not true. That I have a mission. And. I am I am anointed And I am special. And I am blessed and that's why I choose Service


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks the dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-Wheel Drive, the Kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information seen Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


I'm Julian Edelman. I'm Rob Gronkowski. Guess what folks? We're teammates again and we're gonna welcome you guys all to dudes on. Dudes. I'm a dude. You're a dude. And dudes on Dudes is our brand new show. We're gonna highlight players, peers, guys that we played against, legends from the past. And we're just gonna sit here and talk about 'em and we'll get into the types of dudes. What kind of types of dudes are there? Gros. We got Studs, wizards, we got Freaks Or Dudes. Dude, we got Dogs Dog. We'll break down their games. We'll share some insider stories and determine what kind of dude each of these dudes are. Is Randy Moss a stud or a freak? Is Tom Brady a dog or a dude's? Dude, We're gonna find out. Jules new episodes drop every Thursday during the NFL season. Listen to dudes on, dudes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts


Over anything. 'cause I know things, some things come easier to me than they would to someone else. So I already know. When you look at other artists without saying names, do you see it in them? Like they're selling themselves out. I know they're different. Do you see it that in a lot of artists, like they're selling themselves out for a check or selling themselves out for a label where you see they can go something different. Do you see that a lot? Envy? I don't know. I don't ever look at that. Yeah. Selling themselves out for, I don't know. People do what they have to do. You know. And it's not a race. We don't all have to be at the same understanding at the same time. You know everybody, all artists don't have to be responsible for your kids.


You know. So I don't know. I mean, people doing what they have to do. I remember needing money too and, and, and doing things, strange things with a piece of change. You know, like performing in venues I didn't wanna perform in or Yeah. So I don't know. I can't judge that. But what do you think about that? I think sometimes they gotta realize the assignment. And I. Think we all go through that sometimes. Yeah. Realize why we're there. You know. And what made me think about it is You know when j Cole jumped into that beef Mm. And he came back and said, this is not for me. Mm.


And You know his assignment. People ed on him and said this, that and the other. But that was his assignment. And you can't be mad. That's his assignment. Right. Even me as a fan was kind of mad. Well, he was on mission, right? He was on a mission. Yeah. He realized it. I understand that sometimes I, I believe that You know, being on mission or your assignment is not always to do something heavenly and great and good. Sometimes it's to create some chaos so that you may shake things up. Fertilizer is put into a pot to disturb the roots. It's poisoning them so they have to move. So yeah. Can't really judge it. You don't know what somebody's mission is. 'cause it, it all counts. It's all matter.


And you don't know what journey God got them on. That's right. I mean you don't, you don't get Malcolm X without Malcolm Little. That's right. You don't get Erica Badu without, I'm trying to think of a street name. You don't get Erica Badu without Butcher Knife. Betty. There You go. Butcher Knife Betty. That's my new moniker. Everybody. When, when you said that you was a, you knew you was of service, did You know what that was gonna look like? Did You know it was gonna be music? Actually, I didn't not, but I don't consider that the service. Mm. I consider music my privilege. 'cause I'm using the audience as therapists, a thousand million therapists to get my idea out or my thing out.


Services are the things that I don't charge money for that I do because I feel like it's the right thing. Not because of a promise of heaven or, or, or accolades or a trophy, just, but because of integrity and the connection between two people. You know when people hear this, they don't believe that and nobody believes that. And and it's so strange to me that people don't believe that that kind of human can exist. You know. They don't believe it. I wonder why I, maybe it's strange.


Is it strange that I don't need anything back? Or I don't ask for anything when I pray? Is it strange? I Don't think so. No. 'cause I, I, I think to me prayer is for gratitude. I find myself when I'm praying. I'm just saying, thank you And I guess coming from where I come from a dirt road in Moss Corner, South Carolina. I, I I'm, I always felt good. I feel like whatever God has given me in that moment is what I'm supposed to have. And. I'm grateful for that. Yeah. It seems like it's becoming more of a general consensus that we don't need anything.


We are realizing that, that we don't need anything. And the the, the biggest gift we probably need is peace of mind. You know. And I'm rewarded with peace of mind when I do service for others for free for nothing. Just because it's the right thing to do. Peace of mind. That's what we, that's what the Green juice for. It's what the yoga for. It's what the music is for. What the singing is for the money is for Bitches is for Yeah. At 1.2 kids and husband and House and Cars for we are looking for peace of mind. And that's how I get mine the most service.


Do people take advantage of that though? Sometimes. Absolutely. Absolutely. But that's none of my business. Absolutely. Yeah. Were there points like Bag Lady I was saying earlier in the room that I remember when Bag Lady for me started hitting differently. And I was listening to it and it was like, Ooh, I get it now. When I was younger, I was just listening to it 'cause it was played in my house. And I love the song. But I, I literally remember that feeling for you. Were there points in your life where you had to be like, Ooh, I get it. Like I feel it Bag Lady or like was this song Yes. Of service for someone else? You mean feeling my own song? Your own feeling, your just even before Bag Lady was created.


Yeah. Maybe there was a time in your life that You know created or inspired the song. When did you get outta the bag lady phase or what did that feel like for you? I Trying to say she has a lot of baggage, so she's trying to see if, did you have a lot too? Or was it just a Song? What I'm saying is, what I realized is, number one, with my mom, I always, I never understood why she couldn't be happy about certain things. And then I got older and I'm like, man, you carrying so much stuff. I tell her all the time, like, just let that go. Like we, we can handle that. Recently A couple of men have told Lauren that, that she needs to Heal. Needs to heal. We're not doing this with Queen By A couple of men did that to Lauren. They said, I'll spin the block, but you need to heal. You need to work on yourself. Who said this to you? First of all, the two people that said it to me, they ain't even, they probably can't even spell Hill.


So that's, So what y'all think about the two guys that said it to her? They Right, I think they Right. Was she on a journey? I told it all The time. She's on a journey. And the two men that you respect, One of them I respect Told you that you need to work on yourself. Yes. As an insult or as encouragement and love. The second one, I think it was a insult and deflecting the first one. I think it's All about the Intention. Yeah. The first one I think it was like, he really cares. Like that's why when he said it, I was like, okay, I hear you. And I'm in a point in my life now where I can do the accountability like I can. So Does he need to work on himself as well? Yes, He does. Did does he know? Yes, he does. Okay, cool. Second one. Really? No, like it's, He really know he gotta work on his self.


Oh. I don't even want nothing to do with that man. Like it's, it's bad. But I ask that because like, I just feel like as I got older and realized how much you do care, especially emotionally sometimes Yeah. It weighs into other things and it closes doors or it cuts off relationships or you just miss out on good things. And I'm, every time I listen to that song, I'm like man, how did she know that people was gonna need this? I don't know. You know. I was writing what I felt You know in my heart and You know. I did hear it later. And I. I talking to myself, my future self. What was, where were you at at that time in your life when you were talking to your future self? Like what was the transitions you were trying to make? I think I was transitioning out of a relationship where I was not happy about it.


Yeah. And realizing that I had to leave some things behind, some parts of me behind. So it felt like a funeral of sorts. You know, like, because you have a part of you has to die every time you evolve you gotta leave it back there. You know you want it 'cause it's familiar. And a lot of times we like to resort to the familiar, even if it's toxic. You know. So you have to leave that, that corpse, that beautiful old, you has to be left and you have to walk forward and not look back. That's the hardest part. Not leaving the people, but it's leaving your always and you.


Yeah. It's A lot of discipline. It is. It's When did you get to the point where you knew you? You had, when did you get to the point where you loved every version of yourself though? I don't know when that happened, but I definitely do. Yeah. I look forward to waking up and getting to do things, getting to experience, getting to test out my kindness. You know, I prayed for kindness. I was like, I wanna practice kindness. You know my last big whatever meltdown we were going through, 2020 or somewhere. I just wanted to practice kindness. Two or three days later I went to the airport.


My ticket was wrong, my bags got put somewhere else. They were left on the tarmac of all bags. Mine, the lady was talking to me crazy, asked me, are you, this is first class you can't put your You know that whole routine. It was everything that was hard. So I was assuming that the creator was saying, well here, practice on this. If you don't practice kindness here, I'll give you some things to practice on. 'cause you just don't get to beat that. How did that work out? Worked out great. Some parts When the last time mama wanted to pull out a gun though, At the airport at The, But I just settled for having my fist balled up like Arthur and yeah, I, I got through it 'cause I kind of, it took me a little bit to realize what was happening.


Like, wait a minute, I just, okay, I see what I see what this is. I see what this is. You know and yeah. I really don't see you getting outside of your vibe, your zone. I, I I What, What vibe do you think I got? I'm yo Erica about. Tell me about it. I Don't, but every time I see you, you just seem mellow, chill and at peace. I, I don't, This is the place to be mellow, chill, and at peace. There's no reason in here to, to be any other kind of way. If anybody else comes on, y'all show without this, call me. Just shine a light on that.


You're also playing Lucille in the Netflix Yes. Movie. The piano lesson. Were you a fan of the play? Absolutely. Okay. I went to HBCU, Grambling State University. I was a theater major. I was a thespian. So we did a lot of August Wilson material, Lorraine's Hand, Lorraine Hansberry, and a myriad of, of black authors and playwrights. But we did do that play as well. And Lucille's part is very tiny You know. But the most important role I played was composing music for, for the, for the movie Malcolm Washington, who is Denzel's son, is directing.


And he called me and asked if I would put together some music for it. And I called my very good friend Daniel Jones. God rest his soul Saved journey. Daniel Jones. He came and put some beautiful pieces together. 1930s And I wrote lyrics over them. Wow. And they, they'll u they're used in the movie. Mm. The piano lesson. It's gonna be on Netflix. So before we get this collaboration album, I think November 8th, right? November 8th. So before we get this collaboration album, we getting original music on this soundtrack? Yes. Ooh, ooh. Yeah. 1920s, thirties. So it's, there's acquired taste, period, Piece type, Period.


Peace type. Does acting, does acting feel like restricted to, does it feel like it's restricting you in any way? Or Does it No. It just feels like work. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. My touring and music doesn't feel like work. But acting does feel like work. I can't even see you on the set. It feel like you, you don't seem like the hurry up and wait type. Like you want to be doing something like Yeah, I do. I, I, I got something. I'm gonna bring a easel and some paint. I'm a You know. I really miss my kids being little. That really took up a lot of my play time. I just wanna play all the time, make something, play paint, do something. And I'm a I have to carry everything with me to make that happen.


Like if I'm working on a movie set, 'cause they are long hours. And I should be reading over my lines, but I always wait until it the last minute. Yeah. But no, I don't really dig that too much. Being a actor in a film. I like theater though. I think that's a, a wonderful place. I like the immediate connection between you and the audience. And, and you only get like one take to do it when you on that stage as a Yeah. That's it. That's Live. That's what's beautiful about it. Yeah. One stop. Denzel's, he's producing the piano lesson, right?


Yes. Was he involved? Like was he He he was around. Okay. But he, he stepped back and let his his children work. Yeah. What do you learn from your children now, now that they're grown? Ah, so many things. Like I told you guys, there are definitely improvements on my design. Puma is at a place now at 20 that I was 30 before I was at her level of understanding and emotional intelligence and compassion for people. Integrity, discipline. Yeah. I was still a, a child kind of 20.


I learned a lot from them. And, and they aren't very judgmental You know, so they just kind of go along with whatever I do. We never had rules. It was just do what I say. And they did that and watched me You know. I never hid anything from them. So yeah. They're, they're turn, they're having their turn at showing me and teaching me patience and severity. Mama, you gotta say what you feel. Feel what you say. Tell that nigga this. That's Mars. They Telling you That That's Jay electronical little girl Mars. Yeah. They, they will, they'll tell me he can only be so kind now.


Da da da You know. And our f favorite saying is a alistic saying that severity without mercy is cruelty and mercy without severity is weakness. So we try to walk that line. You know, kindness isn't only being You know, appearing nice. Kindness is all also telling somebody to, to beat it. That's right. Con yourself. Could you still, could you write a old the hip hop now in 2024, like based off this era of music, would hip hop be the love of your life right now?


It still is Always. Okay. You only have one. Love you. You are lucky just to have just one love. Who am I quoting? One love. One love. Yeah. Houdini. Houdini. Yeah. Yeah. And who did, who did it over? Nas. Nas. Yeah. Okay. I was just trying to see if it was some B boys. B boys anymore. I'm from New York Time. That's my, I'm saying I, I'm saying You know. Y'all were looking at me like why you asking that? That's No, I didn't ask that. I knew. That's simple arithmetic. I, Dude, it was, Yeah. The relationship evolved though, or changed because relationship changed Between me and hip hop.


Yeah. It has not because hip hop is still here. It's recorded. It can never go away. Nobody can take it away. It has been recorded in time. Hip hop will be televised. Hmm. It is down. It's, I can access it at any point in time. So it, it's there. Yeah. So I feel the same way. How do you feel about people having a conversation now about it being like the third like most popular genre behind with Latin music? I think in country. In country music. Like how do you feel about that? 'cause like, I think hiphop Yes. Hiphop at one point. Go Ahead. No, it's not third, it's first. I'm talking about all over the planet.


Everywhere I go, gossip Australia, New Zealand, Argentina, Africa, Mexico, everywhere I go we are praying to different gods of different names of God. But everybody is nodding their heads and agreeance to the one kicking a snare. It's hip hop is like, it's the religion. It's how it, it is what brings us all together. The World. Yeah. Nah, hip hop is is the biggest. They know that. Oh, they talking about Sales, all that stuff.


Sales. Sales, sales. Sales. Not culture sales. Oh, okay. Okay. Like culture wise they wouldn't even be able to understand it to ring it, but Nah. What made J Dilla so brilliant? We gonna get you outta here. What made him so brilliant? Yeah. What made him so Brilliant? His approach to music was authenticity. He was authentic. That's what made him different. He had a metronome and he was true to it. He done never used the quantization button. He never quantized. It was always his inner metronome. So the snares were live usually when, when we produce, we are using a kick in the snare button and we push a button called quantizing.


It puts it on the grid on the two and the four. So it's the same all the time. Yes. Which gives us a certain swing depending on what, what feel you want. I never knew that Dilla feel was his feel because it was always live. So He would do maybe a couple of quantized things. You know he had a little tricks here and there with the snares. But for the most part he was very simple and un quantized. So for four minutes he would actually play the beep. So the snares wouldn't necessarily be on the Yeah. Which is amazing. 'cause it's feeling Not, not necessarily faced over feeling all the time. Sometimes he would just play the, play the kick in the snare live or play the, yeah.


Kick and snare live and do the high hats live all the way down. Gotcha. Or the shakers. 'cause those, those are laying back. So his beats laid back. I don't know how to explain it, but he had a laid back. He was on his own beat rhythm and he brought, he brought all of us to that place. I never Knew that. Yeah. It was a certain hump that he has. Can't be explained. But that's what made him so special. And his choices and samples and his collection of music. He was a historian. He was also very, you have to be mathematical, but I told stories before how when I opened this refrigerator, all the Coke cans would be lined up like straight.


So symmetrically, I wouldn't want to get one. You know, but I don't drink coke. No. But You know. I had to make that clear As you sipping your green juice people. That'd Be another PE people. Crazy. That's Another endorsement Now. I seen the beehive. The beehive chased you a little bit for a little bit. Where's the beehive now? Twitter. Where I ain't seen it be hot in a long time. And I love, peace. They don't know. I like it. Love fees. They're my totem.


Yeah. We ain't seen 'em lately though, have y'all? I see. No you Ain't. See they gonna tear me up. Yep. They, you gonna see 'em tomorrow. See 'em tomorrow. I like the tweet when you said, Jay, you gonna let this woman in these bees say something. Jay, you gonna let this woman in these beads do to me say something. I don't know why people think take things so seriously. It's just my sense of humor. That's right. Yeah. I love Jay. When you saw the cover though, knowing that there is the inspiration, like, does do, do those inspiration moments, are you feeling like, oh my God, they saw what I was trying to do. They love it. They still doing it. Yeah. Or do you feel like, oh, that was mine.


Like don't bite it. Ah, I have to be very careful with this because my children are watching me and that generation is watching. And as much as we love our art, it doesn't belong to us once it goes out in The, World. However, though you can't, you can't manage what people are going to do with the art. You can't manage whether they're going to duplicate it or do another interpretation of it or just enjoy it or use it as an inspiration.


You can't manage that. But you don't have to remain silent about it. Yeah. You can if if if it makes you feel a way you should say something about it. Yeah. But outside of that, there are a lot of artists that get there. You can tell their style, their approach, everything from you. And you do see that. Does that bother you or do you look at it like, I put my art out there and it is what it is? Or do you mind only if they don't show you respect and love and say, well, it came from here As I mature more, I have less of a need to own, own something.


And the more I let go of it, the more I am acknowledged. Isn't that something? Yeah. The more I let go of the need of that, then you get a call and say, Hey, we want to give you an award. That's how the universe works in my world. So I, I saw that And, I was very proud of that award and proud of that moment because I had let go of some things that were no longer evolving me thinking. And, and then there it comes. They give, they give, give it to you because I became it. Because they don't give you what you want. They give you what you are. Gotcha. Yeah. Ooh, that's a ball.


Y'all heard that one. Wow. My last question. I feel like everything you do is spirit art. Like I said earlier. Is it even possible for you to do any type of art without divine energy being involved? I don't think so. Even if I'm not aware of it, it's always involved. Yeah. Something, there's something, I know what it is, but there's something we floating on that's given us life choices of some sort. Yeah. You know, we're born, we're told You know once we're born You know our religion was here already.


Our what we are supposed to believe in the tribe, the ways, the hunting ways, the what we worship, how we worship, how we learn, how we cook, how we dress. There's a tribe. And you learn that hopefully you go outside of that. Once you are of age to explore other things because you wanna see if that is true. You know. Then you explore even further. You wanna go outside of that and see how you feel being entangled with another person, another human.


And then after that you go Like entangled, entangled entanglement. Like Entanglement is when two cells meet and Gotcha. Become something. Yeah. So you become entangled with another human in the next phase of your life. Then hopefully you learn that and learn some boundaries. And then now you're an individual human who's creative in spirit. And then you have to learn how to, to, to walk in that humanness, in that spiritualness. I don't know what I was saying or how we got to this, but Because I was asking you, is it possible for you to make art without that divine Energy? Nah, not, not for me.


Because I believe that. I believe that. Yeah. Do you think it's possible to do anything without divine? Not anything meaningful. Not anything meaningful. Yeah. So you, so you think or you feel that there's an opposite of divine? Yes. Yes. Yes. I feel like there's just, I think that You know you have your divine and then you just have, you are human. Right? So we're all spiritual beings live in a human existence. Yeah. So you can do all types of things in the human existence. Right. And you may think they feel good in the moment and they may just Yeah. But it's not lasting. It's not fulfilling. You can You know when you're doing something.


Divine You know when God is your Body feels Has his hand on it. Oh absolutely. Yeah. And you don't have to do much. It just, Your body feels it. You just show up and do what you do and everything around you just move. That's how music and performing is to me. Mm. It's the only thing in my life that is like that. Wow. Yeah. When I get up there, I'm not wrong. I'm not too skinny, I'm not too ugly. I'm not too anything. Everything is right. You got some shows coming up? Mm, I do. Yep. Maryland this weekend. Yes. DC first and second. Brazil on the sixth.


That's right. In San Francisco on the 16th. Yep. And also you can check out bou world market.com if you want to get all types of things like the Funko. We ordered it, we ordered the call though. I think it always sold out on there. Yeah, I know. I've been waiting. Even the eight since We, we don't realize how big the, the fan base is. The reach is. But it's amazing for Me. There's no point in the email list because it's always so out. I bought you guys some Funko. Oh, I have a gift For you too. You do? Yes. Y'all gotta cut it open if you wanna see it. What is It? Thank you so much. Oh, this is the, the figure that you created, right? Yeah. This is the Fun pop. The fun pop. And this is the fun, fun pop is this collective.


Look At this, look at this email. Look at this. This was, I forward this to my wife And I like this. She sent me back this morning. This is so cute. Now we got one. There you Go. So they're a pop culture vinyl toy collected and, and they, they, they specialize in artists or icons not made mic. Yeah. They Specialize in not doing it. You need to put a shelf up there. Put one there on that shelf. Show camera. You'll Get it before me. Myself ain't Gonna let me. Okay. Okay. And she's cute. Yes. J message. So, so this first one they did is the call Tyrone video.


So that we, I actually reached out to Funko to do this because I thought it was important for my kids to have these. They love fungos. That's dope. And I surprised them one day and said, I have a Funko. That's So dope. Like your own Funko. You fuck Yeah. Me. You. Yeah. Well you, This is beautiful. Yeah. That's dope. Well, thank you again for joining us. We always appreciate you. Absolutely. I appreciate you too. No, we do, we definitely do. No, we love you. Value you. Absolutely appreciate you. I, I literally just told somebody last week, I said, I don't play by Erica Badu. Huh? We was having a conversation About Y man. Either or. Envy. There you go.


At all And. I don't care about you either, sis. Thank You. And if something happen, you call me. I got You. I'm gonna call you. Yeah, because Charlotte may be acting up in here. Honestly, sometimes. That's Not true. I don't believe that. Oh, well I might need to. Don't Believe nothing like that. Don't do that. It'd be hard. Don't do that, sis. It'd be tough. He'd be tough. Oh, What is what? That's not true. All you gotta do is just light some incense. He'll calm down. Now we got the Badu pu scene here. Maybe he'll relax. Everybody gonna be relax. I at the house. Everybody gonna relax. There you go. Thank You though. Yeah, within a 30 mile radius, everybody gonna be relaxed. I appreciate y'all Always supporting me. Thank you. Listen, Erica Badu Sister, It's The.


Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Thank you. Good Morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast. Club.


I'm Julian Edelman. I'm Rob Gronkowski. And we are super excited to tell you about our new show Dudes On Dudes. We're spilling all the behind scenes stories, crazy details, and honestly just having a blast talking football. Every week we're discussing our favorite players of all times. From legends to our buddies to current stars. We're finally answering the age old question. What kind of dudes are these dudes? We're gonna find out. Jules new episodes drop every Thursday during the NFL season. Listen to dudes on, dudes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.