
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


On a serious note, I'm still thinking about that one commercial with Tom Brady and Snoop Dogg. The one way they're hating on each other, but when you actually hear them, the reasons for hating someone or something are just stupid. That commercial stuck with me. There's so much hate in this country and it's got to stop. So join us at iHeart and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out. You can learn more by following at what's up with hate. At


and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Wake that ass up early In The morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ nv. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Lord. The roasts here as well. We got a special guest in the building. That's right. Ladies and gentlemen. Lou Duvon. Yep. I ain't gonna be on here too long 'cause I ain't got nothing bad to say. How you feeling? First and foremost, I'm feeling blessed and highly fainted. We not even that kind of show all Anymore. We used To be You don't but on the real y'all act like I don't know y'all Pause, pause, pause, Pause, pause. I'd be thinking about Lou Duval a lot. Right? Why you gotta pause that if it ain't gay? Because I know how you think automatically. No, That's the man. Yes. You fly a lot And with everything that's been going on with all these, these airlines and airports, what's your feeling when it comes to flying?


Because you fly yourself. I feel like the same way y'all feel when y'all see a car accident and y'all pass right by. Hmm. That's how I feel about with the planes. It's, I've been doing it Emini here. I've been flying for a while now. So And you've been flying for a while so you used to it. It's just now it's been on, it's the main topic now. So y'all scared. So it's the same thing to me. But, and you know it's funny, those private flights like yours are the ones that usually crash the most, more than anything. Whoa. Do more the commercial. On the commercial. Well maybe so. Maybe so. But it's all, it's usually the poly there. It it's usually just like the car accident. It's usually the car. The The driver. The Driver. But the reason I bought that up 'cause if you was gonna be scared, you'd have been scared a long time ago. Yeah. Yeah. Emini here. I was scared at first 'cause I was like, yo, I ain't know no better.


And then, And I had a, I bought the first plane I could get and soon as I landed that bitch cut off. So, which be a cut off. It just cut off the engine cut off. Soon as I landed that my first plane, as soon as I landed that bitch cut off at BK. What? You can't jump into what you gotta get towed out the way? No, I landed so I, I'm alive, you know I'm saying my first plane, that bitch cut off. So I learned how I learned about planes and everything just by getting going in head first. So now I'm here to, to teach our own people. How many planes you done had so far? I got three planes now. Mm. What Kind? I got a Cessna. A Cessna Golden Eagle. I got a Baron Beachcraft And I got a seaplane that you laying on water.


Okay. I think the best thing people can learn about UV ball is that everything is subjective. Like, you know, whatever you want your life to be and, and, and you live that life. If that's making you happy, that's it. Yeah. That's pretty much what it is man. That's, I'm one of the few that was able to do what I want to do and be successful at it. You know what I'm saying? Like we created our own blueprint, especially me and me and him as far as the content and all that. We was one of the first ones. They Don't remember that long time ago. Yeah, it's But it's True though. It's true. You know what I'm saying? It is true. We, it wasn't nobody doing skits and all that besides, remember that skit we did in, in the mall with that boy singing and we just cut em off and it, it went viral before they was calling viral. We just do all type of skits, you know what I'm saying?


So just to see how it evolved Now it's dope Hood, state of the Union. I, I, when I, yeah, We was the first podcast for Real Hood State Union. I remember one time I was in New York from South Carolina And I text g Finn. G Finn told me come to the radio station, come here before I even got the job. And when I walked in he said man this was kinda like Jack was here. He said man, my boss been watching you and du ball hood State of the Union all day. Yep. So just to see how content and all that evolved now it's beautiful. It's a whole lane that wasn't there for standup. You know what I'm saying? Like now we call comedians just people that do social content. When I first came up I used to hate on all this. So that's why I called myself the, I'm I'm really one of the real, the oldest young nigga.


You was 40. I did. She thought you was Way Younger. Yeah. I thought you were way younger. You thought I was way younger. Yeah. I thought you were probably like 40, 41. No, I'm 48. I'll be 48. 48. I say I Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Emini here. That's 'cause I've been around so long you've been seeing me in it. Consistency. That's why I try to teach these young comedians. It's not all that stuff cool. But just staying at it and staying consistent. You gonna be right here. I'm living proof. If you watch me, I'm the blueprint. I wanna go back to one more question with the planes. Okay. Did The, does the wind change at all? 'cause it Seems like yeah the wind works. The, that's the scariest part recently. That's the scariest part is the like you could control everything else but that wind and that the weather, you never know. So that's really what I pay attention to everything. If I see that red up there on that, on my app, I ain't flying.


The red mean. The red mean that's real. We the wind is green. Real bad weather. It's like you got green, yellow, then red. I fly in the green 'cause that's just rain yellow ain't flying. What does yellow Mean? Yellow is still, you gonna be bumping and jumping and, and actually I done had way more turbulence in big planes in my plane 'cause I don't fly in certain shit. You know what I'm saying? But, but for the most part it ain't that bad because the wind's stronger than it used to be when we was growing up nowadays. And it's safer. That's way more room out up there. I ain't finn what you mean? I ain't finna run into nothing 'cause and like, you know how you seen like what them planes collided? Yeah you could see it. You could see them planes and you got the air traffic. Air traffic control. That's What I was saying. The helicopter should have seen a big ass plane.


I think he just got so used to it. Like you get you, you get comfortable after a while and so you just, you just be flying and, and you normalize it and then you forget. I was told that that's a normal route that the helicopter takes even though that was a trainee. Yeah. That it's like very normal. Same thing with Kobe with the helicopter. I think he su did that route so much. He used to it like say if I'm flying in the rain, I'm used to flying in the rain. So if something happened, it'd be surprising to me too. You know what I'm saying? So it's, it's just like anything random, just like your car just, we gonna get used to it. Just like deaths. We got used to it after a while and it's normal. I don't wanna get used to planes Crashing. You fly Like Yeah I used to car crashes. There's way more car crashes out here. It's normal. You just, it's new to us.


Just like everything. Do you fly the planes is what you're saying? I I got a pilot. I got a pilot on salary but but he can't fly. I can't fly. I just don't fly that much now. You know I Heard you ranked the emergencies and I'm like just a, just her able-bodied passenger doesn't know the colors of the emergency. I used to be a flight attendant so when I heard you rank the colors, I'm like wait, not so you do fly the planes. Yeah, I know what I'm doing. Like okay, I know what I'm doing actually. And, and the main reason I do this is just 'cause I learned that people don't listen. They follow. So when you do something they follow. I'm living proof that after shit y'all see on social media, they follow me. Mm. Especially with the traveling and all that. So they underst So when you, so when you understand that you just do shit to help us as a community.


And that's what I do with whatever I do. I, I look at shit. I be like what do we need in the game? We need more pilots. We need more flying. We need them to understand. So what's the best way to do it? Become that, have you and you are what you see. So you see me, it makes, look we having this conversation. He's been calling me since he still ain't got a plane yet. I don't know but he don't fly enough so he probably don't need it. But if you fly enough you, you probably won't do it. Have you ever had a landed emergency? And if so, like what rank you laughing back then? I told he knew about that. I've had a red emergency. Yeah, I actually did. There was one time we was flying back from Ohio and the whole instrument paddle went out. That's where all the, the, the stuff at. Right. It went out. And once that go out you ain't got no communication or nothing.


We couldn't talk to air traffic. Nothing. You gotta fly Manually. Right. Nothing. And not only that, the window froze up. Mm. Like, like a refrigerator. Damn. So we just flying like in a a ice can just floating. Just flying Jesus and just flying and flying. Now you by yourself? No, me and the pilot. Just you and the pilot. Me and my pilot we just flying and they was in there too asleep though. They didn't know what was going on. They were back in the back sleep. So we flying and flying. So he was like, should we turn around Now I know we up north and it's colder and you know you could on the on the wings, you can get the wings get frozen and that's how you stall. Right. So he was like, she would turn around. So in my mind I'm like we should keep going down south. It's warmer. It's warmer but it was the middle of the night so it ain't going to get warmer no time soon.


But I'm like, we get lower and so we got lower. Only thing we had was the compass and the shit. That's it. The compass. We went by the comic kept going low and called on the regular phone. Got to where we can get on reception low enough to where we could talk on the regular phone. And then we landed. And then once we landed the next day, that's when Kobe died. That's when we found out Kobe died. Wow. It was the same the same night. It was the same night. You know what I'm saying? So that was my, that was one of my my the scariest moments. I had a couple scary moments but that was the scary one. Like oh shit, this might be it. I asked you this when you Told me, but what was you thinking when you, when you was in that moment? I was like damn, this time ago. I don't know.


It's just like it's, you Can't describe, I don almost had near death experiences a couple times, especially when I got hit by that car. Just, I don't get scared in those type positions 'cause I understand we going to die but at the same time I just, I kind of knew I wasn't, I wasn't tripping, you know what I'm saying? I wasn't tripping but my pilot was tripping more than me. You know what I'm saying? He hugged me, was crying and everything. But no man Because you don't know Emini here. It's literally like when you're in that situation, it's nothing you can do. Like what are you gonna do? Jump out the plane. Ain't no Nothing you can do At that point. And you, you said that your team was in the back sleep And I be telling them all the time, there's a lot of things that go wrong with planes and the pilots just figure it out and the passengers sometimes never even know. And A lot of it's got to do with just, just keeping your composure, you know what I'm saying?


Like people don't understand like that, what's the word that when you just nervous in the motherfucker? Anxiety. Yeah, anxiety and all that shit. That shit real. Like especially in those type of moments if you can't control yourself. And I learned that from scuba diving. That's what got me be able to, you be Just doing stuff, you Do everything you don't Follow. I do but I thought some of it was just for like Instagram videos. You just really just be Calling. No, that's really my life. Oh my life. You said you just doing It for Instagram. Just for the Gram Emini here because you're content creator. You know why that? Because the gram took it like that. Yeah. And that, that's why you see everybody doing it for the Gram instead of looking at like, I'm doing this to show us we can do other things. Not white people. Shit. This is people shit. You know what I'm saying? So that's why I do it like that music. See okay, you got a couple of records, a couple of gold records.


Do it anymore. I still do. I I put out music all the time. I put out music for the ecosystem. That's what I do. If I feel something that that need to be do I throw it out there? You know I do it for the love and for the people. That's what my stuff is. Mm. Best life is my mom's song. Best life is everybody's song. Yeah, well it's just you as admit it when you get old. Yeah. Well so she was, when this is not to make this dark. It's a good moment. Okay. When my mom was going through her cancer battle, she would play that song all the time when she was having a bad day and it would like lift her. She loves that song. It's God man that and Ludicrous move Get out the way As God man that the Mu, that song, there was a blessing used, used from God through me. It ain't got nothing to do with me. It's all through blessing. Just to see how it's change people and still changing people and still affect powerful.


Tell About the Kool-Aid story when Kool-Aid was passing. What about and you played it for him? Oh yeah. When he died, like right before he died he had, you know they had a thing in their mouth And I, and he was about to pull it out like he was about to pull it out. Like don't do that in front of me. But he was, And I was like, you want me to play something? He was wanting me to play lovely day and smile and after I played smile he pulled it out. Mm wow. And I walked out. Wow. Yeah. Damn. Whoa. Okay. What, oh you were talking about being the first to do a lot of stuff Sexy red. I know you was bringing her outside a long time ago And I know people bring this up. Charlemagne mentions it a lot of times too, that you were one of the first to be like pushing her and like you were booking her for some of the days that you do.


Yeah, I did. Now looking her like right now today when you see everything you be feeling like told you like how you be feeling. I Just be proud that she ain't the first one. I do it all the time. I don't take credit for shit like that. 'cause I feel like that's what we supposed to do. But I feel like I always, when especially that's why I say I'm the oldest young man. 'cause people used to look at me like that. They used to say he too ghetto, he too hood. But I know like I could see it. So when I saw her I was like nah, she got it. And that's why I was like, and people was like man don't bring her the Duval that like she is Duval Day and she came there and rocked it and just to see and it ain't me. She did it all herself. So Emini here, she deserve everything she got. I like seeing her do, even if she fell off tomorrow, she still won.


Oh yeah, she won that life already. She won. She outside. She came to Duval Day and we do Duval Day. We doing Duval Day this year too. So y'all make y'all coming. Well yeah. Well Emini here one more. July 11th. That's what we making. It's official July 11th Duval Day. Make sure y'all go watch the contract. That's a movie with me and Gabrielle Dennis. That's, that's like one of the first comedy romantic comedies about threesomes. What? It's a romantic comedy about threesomes. How do you have a romantic comedy about threesomes? Watch it and you'll see it's on, it's on all black. Or you can also watch it on whatever bootleg. You know like whatever Five stick you got. Listen, July 11th dub ball day. That's right. Listen, 93.3 to beat Jacksonville. What's happening? What we doing? We out there breakfast? Fuck. Come on, we out there.


Wait, after Saturday? Yep. Yeah Saturday. Oh we coming today July 11th. Jacksonville. Make sure y'all come to the wheel ones tour. We we lit out there. That's right. Its the second, second tour the second season. I'm coming for real this time man. I promise you don't come into this Jumping Emini retreat. That's what I see. You got all the women out there. Let's move on to the next story. Retreat is a good time. What question you guys see? I like to hear the, the new people. Last questions. I got a lot. You talked about the DEI too. Well first of all, did you, was it on purpose And I was it on purpose that you, for me, I feel like when things happened, I wanna go to see what you tweet about because you have a take but you make it funny. But if you read through the funny, you really have a sharp take on things.


Okay. Do you do that purposely? I like that she really pay attention to me. Go Ahead. Do you do that purposely? Like is that like the, you know, I used To do it purpose. Now I'm programmed into doing, it's just natural, you know what I'm saying? It's like you program yourself to be good. You naturally be good. And that's what I do with my tweets. So anything you see me do, I don't put that much thought in it because I put thought in it early on in my career. So it's just second nature to me. What's One thing on IG you just can't stand or one person that you just can't stand on ig? I can't stand people that complain. That's the only thing I don't, that's, that's my pet peeve. People complain and that's all I see. People complaining about stuff that they can't control. You know what I'm saying? That's my pet peeve in life and everything. He Said the person though, who's the person? Oh, I ain't got no person.


No I Just say personal things. That shit ain't gonna work with me. We ain't finna have no type of no type of clip baking in this interview. We, We, I wouldn't never do that. No way. That's your, that ruined my life. And that's Friend. We don't be trying That's that's your friend Over there. Yeah. We gonna be knowing this shit gonna go click baby. Then three weeks later it go by. Oh Lord have mercy. Shit. Like we did not think that was going to rip. What's your issue with sexy backs? Huh? What's your issue with sexy backs? You mean big backs? No, he got, he said who was Sexy Back? You said a woman with a sexy back is dangerous and you gave an example of a sexy back. Like so How is that an issue? That's a blessing. Emini here that in a good way Lauren. No. Oh well I took it like, well dang you gotta Get a sexy, see that's what your problem, you taking it the wrong way. That's the problem with social media. Y'all interpret how y'all want interpret.


Well You only reading it, you Sexy da. I said how say the tweet again. Say this tweet again. A woman with the sexy back is dangerous. And you gave an Example with a sexy back. Explain how you took that. I was Like, well dang Gotta be dangerous. Like we dangerous. That's why we gotta be dangerous. So you, So you saw that. But then if you go to my Instagram, I got a thousand women showing me their sexy backs. I ain't see the Instagram Post. See that's the problem y'all take it and running just that's, that's, there's so many. That's the main thing that I get problems with. Most of the people that that find offensive to something, they took the wrong way. That's really all Emini here. I wasn't offended. I was just saying I Know, but I'm saying even taking, you didn't take that as offensive but you took it the wrong way.


I did drop it in a group chat. I'm like dang, He meant dangerous in a good way though. I get hell like she can get you caught up type time. He wasn't talking about You. You know how many tweets I done got like that, that women that got offended by just from that. What else? I ain't finna say The big back. Women want you to show them some love too though. They want I can't do it. I can't do it. No. You had posted a y back. No that wasn't a y back. That was like a y but or something. You was like, no man should come home to this. Nah. Yeah, I don't like, no. Yeah, that's that. Who was it? Who was who? See the picture? I didn't, I didn't see, see I didn't show the boot. Man should come home to this. So why? What is is? It's a flat boot. This is the butt. You can't even tell what it's Yeah, I don't even know what asked. That's Oh yeah, the butt starts here like part Damn.


That's how you know it. That's how you know some bullshit. Nobody should come home to that. But people Be coming at you like in real life people be running up on you like, yo, why you Like, nah that shit just be on social media got ain't nobody coming up. What? At one time. I think you told that story though. Nope. Yeah, I did leave alone. No, I told it on here. Let's leave it alone. Leave it alone. Alone. But yeah man, God is good. Question one Question. I've been DEII was DEI before DE I've been supporting people. That's that's not doing, that's not, that's still coming up. You when You shop black, you're not worried about all the Us I shop for for people that's still trying to come up. It ain't gotta be black you, I feel it. If you trying to come up and you still like, everybody can't make it like the the regular route.


You got me, you Posted that the DEI blackout happened and it was easy because you don't buy nothing. No. Yeah. All y'all invested in boycotting companies that have removed it. Huh? I didn't, I didn't say all that that, that don't sound like me. That's what I'm reading. I'm like, You can't find a tweet. Why I said all that? What you say? Because you don't buy nothing. Anyway. I Emini here, I'm rich broke. I don't, I buy what I wanna buy. I buy, I spend, I spin, but I don't spend like how people just spin on random stuff. So yeah, We appreciate you for joining us, brother. Appreciate your job UV all ladies and gentlemen, he left without getting in trouble. It's The Breakfast Club. Good Morning. Wake that ass up in the morning.


The Breakfast Club Pizza of the planet, Charlemagne tha Godhead. And I want you to know from Curtis, 50 cent Jackson and the executive producers of Power comes the explosive new season of the Stars original series Raising Canaan. In the riveting fourth season, slates have seemingly been wiped clean for Canaan Rock and the rest of the Thomas family. However, in the eye of the storm when very dangerous obstacle looms large, unique is alive, unique mix of volatile and violent return as he hunched to upend the lives of the time family. Don't miss the season premier raising Canaan March 7th, only on Stars in the Stars app.


Ready To celebrate the magic of live music. South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival. With hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days in over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxsw.com.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.