
Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing massy seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway, because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive an all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moonroof, ambient lighting, Bose, and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


I wanna take a moment to give a shout out to our sponsor. Stand up to all Hate. This one is important to me because, you know, we joke, we debate, we go at each other, but hate. That's not it. If you see it, stand up to it because there's no reason to hate use. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools in this fight. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate, speak up and call it out. You can learn more by following at what's Up With Hate on Instagram and TikTok.


Hoop fans. The most exciting month in college basketball is here with underdogs ready to fight their way to the top and establish teams defending their titles. It's time to lock in your picks with my partners at DraftKings. All right, now, right now they're offering all new customers $200 in bonus bets instantly after betting just $5. So all you gotta do is this, download the DraftKings app right now. Sign up using code TBC and bet the unexpected the Crown is yours. Now live the thrill of live betting DraftKings has you covered. BET on live games, right as they happen. Making the game that much more exciting. All right, now if sports betting is not yet available in your state, don't worry about it. You can still join in with DraftKings. Pick six and have the shot to win cash prizes. Download the draft King Sportsbook app now, and new customers use my promo code TBC and bet just $5 on any wager and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. That's promo code TBC only at Draftking Sports book.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Yep. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club Charlamagne, the Jets. Hilarious. Lauren LaRosa is in filling in for DJ Envy. And we got a very special guest in the building, man, one of the most gifted actors of our generation. Probably the most gifted Mr. Jonathan Majors is here. How are you, brother? Good morning, All family. I'm doing good. Yes, I'm doing, I'm doing a lot better now. Okay. Hi. Good to see You'all. You Look good. Yes, Man. Thank y'all. And I appreciate it. And you're just officially tied the knot. Yeah. How does it feel that you, you know, it feels good. You finally locked down your Coretta. Oh, How does it it love it. I love it. Bring It, bring it.


Come. It. It's, It's beautiful. Yeah. You know, it's, it's the ending of a chapter and the beginning of a chapter. And I'm at a place where Emini here, we got married on the 18th. That was a couple days ago. Yes. A couple sleeps ago. And it happened when it happened. 'cause when we planned it, yeah. But I felt worthy of her. Mm. Ooh. You know, hold on black man. Hold that one. Okay, I'll hold it. I felt worthy of her expound on that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It, she's an in incredible, incredible woman. And I had to get to that level, you know, spiritually, socially, emotionally.


I had to mature a lot. And she caught me at a time when I was in a, I was in a bad way. Yeah. You know? And I was very upfront about that with her. Mm. And she said, all right. Got on a plane and came to New York City and sat with me on the, on the couch and held me when, you know, when it was all going down right at the heaviest place. And the more I got to look at her, I was like, damn, I love this woman. You know? And then when marriage became a thing, when it was like, I'm gonna marry her, I said, wait, but marriage is, that ain't, that ain't no joke. You know what? Emini here. And I had to really evaluate myself even deeper, you know, if I was to, wed this particular woman, and she just helped me grow so much.


And, And I wasn't, I needed to be worthy of her and be worthy of her patience and her time. And that she wasn't wasting her time on me. You know? So I had, I couldn't waste my time on me. And so I had to get myself right. And then we did it. Yeah. Yeah. And the journey continues, you know, like, like the marriage is happiest day of my life. Yo, He is like, smile like That. Yeah. I see the globe. God. Yeah. What type of work did you put in? Oh, brother. You know, to be, to be the man that, you know, she, she was worthy of Mm. Had to get my mind right. You know, I had a lot of, I just had a lot of, a lot of shit that was just piled up that I, I never really dealt with.


You know? And those things hindered me socially, emotionally, spiritually. Even the relationship with, with my God, you know, was, was not where it needed to be. You know? And she being such a strong woman of God, that became clear that I needed to work on that. And so, Emini here, y'all seen the movie. And, and, and y'all, y'all y'all know me. You know? So I look at something like that and it's like, alright Jay, what you going do? I'm an actor. I appreciate the word you said, man, I trained for 11 years nonstop for acting summers, whatever. I'm an athlete. I lifted, I ran, I did that. And every time I did that, I had, I had a team of people around me to make me, to make me worthy of those jobs and that occupation.


And I didn't do that for me. You know, I didn't do that for myself. And so, the process of becoming worthy, you know, for her, I thought, well apply the same thing. You know, I had eight different acting coaches, eight different, you know, I went to two different schools. Do the same thing for yourself, brother. You know? So I did, you know, the court helped me out with one of them. The court. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And I, I love, I love, I actually love those guys. You know what, Emini here, I love that situation. I've always spoken to my, my therapist. You know, I'm a, I'm a stick with it, you know, and, and do the, the peer counseling, you know, when all this is, you know, I got, yeah, I'm on my, oh man.


I'm on my, I'm on my last, I'm on my last one. Mm. Oh, your last session or Like last one, I think, right? Yeah. We're getting, oh, we're getting close to the end. But yeah, I'm, I'm gonna stick with it. 'cause I'm seeing you, you know, other, other people come in and that's beautiful. You know, so I, I'm gonna stick with that. My, my pastor, you know, Darius Daniels at Change Church. Incredible, incredible man. You know, mentor, friend, life coach, you know, my other personal therapist, the men's group. I started, you know, the business. I started, you know, all these people that can just go, aj, you know, they go from pulling my coattail to being like, oh, oh, he, that's different.


You know what Emini here. You know? And so just keeping those folks around me to, to help keep me upright, you know, and, and me right back to me, what it is I'm doing. You know? And I, I feel I'm smiling 'cause I'm in such a great place. You know what Emini here, I'm, I've just never been, I just never been so happy. You know? And it's hard to say, but I don't think I've, I think I've, I had facsimiles of happiness growing up, but, but never happy. You know, there's moments, brief moments here and there. Yeah. You know what Emini here saying, oh, you got Ja wicked. Oh, you doing this wicked, oh you doing this wicked. You know? But there was a part of me all that, all that hurt, all that trauma, all those things I needed to work out, you know, that wouldn't allow that, you know.


But now we got those out. Now, now we're getting those out of, out of the system. And a lot of them have been identified. And if you can't see it, you can't change it. And so some was thrown in my face and some I went and found, you know? 'cause I felt confident And I felt supported to do that. So that's the process. Happy for you, brother. Thank You brother. Did you, did you ever feel like through any of that, like you were scared or nervous that like, Megan would be like, yo, this is too much for me all the time. Did you, yeah. What was that like for you? Yeah. All the time. Well, as I said, sis like I told her from the jump, like, this is gonna get crazy. This is gonna be wild. You know what, Emini here? Yeah. But When y'all in it, and it's like the press. Yeah. But when we're in it, like, where, I'm sorry.


No, I was gonna say, because she, she's also a name. And so I think that there was a lot thrown on her as well, because people were like, Megan, good. Why are you doing this? Like, what are you doing? Yeah. Yeah. I had a lot of that. You know, I had a lot of you sure. I had a lot of Emini here. Emini here. We're in a relationship, now. We're in a marriage. You know, I, I'll keep it straight. We had moments of like, Hey babe, it's cool. You know what, Emini here, I love you more than I can imagine. But you gotta, you know, your ship's going down, you know, you better. I'm Jack, you know what Emini here, you let go of me and you go get it. You know? That was a big thing. And she took so many, she took so many hits, you know, because of it. You know, she took, I don't think she mind me saying like, yeah, she wasn't in the, they weren't announcing it, but like, she lost endorsements.


Oh wow. You know, we got uninvited to stuff, you know. Wow. She got uninvited to stuff because she had shown just how down she was. And they knew if Megan's coming, Jay's coming, you know, I'm coming. You know? Yeah. She's just an incredible hit, you know. And then just walking around, you know what, Emini here, like, a lot of our, a lot of our work, 'cause you guys know, is like socializing, right? Yes. You know what? Emini here. And, and We asked her that when she was up here as well. You know, like the same question that Lauren just asked you. Yes, ma'am. Did you ever feel like that was too much? And she said, no, she knew that lady had God, that lady. Yes. Yes. She talked about you with, with the same smile on her face that you have, you know? Yeah. And strong, yeah.


Very strong woman. She's stronger than me. You know, she's stronger than me. You know, she kept me up and continues to keep me up Emini here before we walked in here, she, she was praying, come on, come on, come on. I said, oh, yeah, yeah, let's Do, and now I understand the Coretta understand that I do. Amen. Because even though, you know, there's a lot of jokes that came with it and a lot of things, you know, you, you actually did a lot for me on stage. I'm a comedian, so I used the jokes a lot. Yes, ma'am. Yes ma'am. But Hearing you talk about that, you know how she, she praised with you for you, she flew to New York to sit there and you cried in her arms. Like, you know, it just always, it just also shows the backbone of black women can be, you know, that's important.


Yeah. Key word. Black woman though. Black. Black. That's, that's the only thing you can't say. You can't use the term Coretta for a white woman. Facts. Do you regret that? Facts. Facts. You know, I've seen people say you are at a career crossroads with this film magazine Dreams, by the way. Phenomenal. Pheno. When I say a phenomenal film's, I give Magazine Dreams, a 10 outta 10. Wow. I, I, I, I, I wish they would've stuck the land in just a little bit different. And it is like, you know, when you watch it again, this is like little technical stuff I've been like, I wish they would've explored that a lot, a lot, a lot more. Right, right. But brother, the job you did in that movie, my God, how hard was it to get the character of Killian Maddox outta you?


Tell us a little bit about the character for then. Tell us how hard it was to get him outta you. Yes, Sir. So, Killian Maddox is a aspiring bodybuilder. He, he moves to The World a bit as far as his mental state. He's a, he's a bit different, right. He's a bit different. And as the, That's an understatement. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's An understatement. That's an understate. He's a unique character. I, I, I would say we've not seen a character, especially, you know, we, we'll keep it straight here, right. We never, we have not seen a black actor, male or female. And, and if we have, you know, someone holler at me and let me know, Jay, you misspoke, blah, blah, blah. You know, now, And I'll take it back. But I was Gonna ask you, I was gonna ask you who's comparable, but go ahead.


But to my understanding, Emini here, I've not seen our demographic. You know, someone who is from the African diaspora participate in a film that had a protagonist that got to live in that odd, unique, beautifully unique space. Right. You know, as the, as the film goes, you, you find out, you know, some of the reasons of that. He's dealt with incredible childhood trauma. But his dream is to get his pro card. The pro card is like making into league for a bodybuilder. And he's working hard to do that. And as he's trying to do that, he's dealing with the trials and tribulations of his uniqueness and also of his blackness, of his size, of his gender.


You know, all these things come into play. And so he is, as, as he's aspiring and working towards that, he has to deal with a lot of, a lot of stuff. And, and ultimately he's trying to connect. And the last little bit is he's infatuated with essentially the, Hmm. What would you say? Yeah. The, the, the top of the top. You know, this guy named Vander Horn, who is the, you know, top bodybuilder, that's his aspiration. And the thing about that, which is interesting, is that he is a, you know, six, five herculean white god.


And that's something that he has to wrestle with, you know, this idea of the American dream and celebrity and fame and all these things. And, you know, there's a lot, there's a lot of movie there. You know, I think that's the best I can kind of put it out there. But he, he's trying, and he's, he's striving and he's trying, you know, to do better. And he's trying to use the tools, but he can't really get there, you know? But ultimately, well, you guys will see, well, you guys have seen, but Yeah, how much of it, because I, and that's, that's why I asked, was it hard to get the character outta you? How much of it was acting? How much of it was actual projection? Mm mm mm You, You wreck stuff in the first like 20 I, I like you distort. Like, you tear stuff down fast. It, it happens Fast. That's, I said, based on what you told us us about your past traumas, how much of it was acting a projection?


Well, act acting, is acting's a Emini here? I'm sure Emini here, you're a comedian, you know, you know, we're using ourselves. Yeah. Right. We're using ourselves a lot. And then there's the idea. It's a craft. You know, like, I can't just get up there and be Jonathan and, and tell a story, you know, Emini here, I can, I guess what, that's what we're doing now. But as far as the picture's concerned, Killian Killian And I have similarities in many ways. But ultimately, you know, he is a fictitious character that was made. But the raw materials of him absolutely came from the mind of Elijah Bynum and myself, you know? And so that, that Emini here, I don't wanna segue to Elijah Bynum, but I will say, when playing the protagonist, there's no way you can't use what you have.


You know what, Emini here. And so the picture was made three years ago, nearly now. And a lot of the things that I've come to understand about myself, were so unresolved. However, in acting, right? And in my process of acting, you are using the subconscious. Yeah. You're definitely using the subconscious. And because of that, I go, oh, well, I think I understand what Emini here, Emini here, there, there are scenes that completely mirror moments in my life. Mm. You know? Yeah. You know, the, the, I'm sure we'll get to that. If you guys ask the question, I'll answer it, but Yeah, I don't wanna give too much of the movie.


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So, but, but, but the, the answer is yes, there is, but, but in the acting, it's not necessarily unprocessed. It's, it's, it's unknown things that make themselves relevant through the given circumstances of the play. You know, I grew up in the theater of the movie, you know, and so, yeah. Emini here, if it's not in you, you can't give it, you know? And sometimes you have to go find it, and sometimes it's there and, and you don't realize it's there, you know? But that's not the one you wanna take home with you. No, no, it's not. So that's Why I was, as I was watching it, I'm like, how much of that did he take home that ended up ending up in his real life?


Especially in light of the, you know, the situation that you had. Right. I, I would say, I would say in this case, like, honestly, 'cause here it is honestly like acting so Stella Adler, right? There's all these acting teachers, right? But Stella Adler has something very, very, very clear growth as an actor, and growth as a human happens simultaneously, right? And that is something I really lived by, and something I really understood the difference with the, with this picture is it asked so much of the actor, right? It has so much of the craft that, so if this is the craft, right?


And then this is the actor. This film made me grow so much as an actor, right? But in doing that, I realized, oh, I was so stunted as a human being, right? So, so, so the answer is no, I didn't. And also I do it for a living. Like I know how to shake it off you. Like, I have a very spiritual practice with, I got my hand up, I have a very order something. Ain't got no way here, Jonathan, you know what, Emini here, I have a very spiritual practice when it comes to acting, you know? And so if anything, if anything, it's not that I took anything home, it was that I, I was accessing things subconsciously that as all actors do subconsciously, that Emini here, the, this guy still was like, no, I know how to do this.


Okay, you did it. Wicked. Done. Put that back away. Put that back away. Put that back away. You know what, Emini here. And that's what happened, you know, same as all, same as all pictures. And yet life goes alone, you know? So at this point, I can't say, you know, if, oh, did you carry that Emini here? I've not carried Montgomery Allen home from Nas black man in San Francisco. I've not carried, you know? So I don't, I don't know if that's, if that's the case, but I don't know, you know what, Emini here. Got you. Yeah. Were there ever any days on set where you felt like, like meltdown or breakdown? Like, was this ever, was it ever hard for you to film triggered any of this? Triggered? Did you feel triggered?


Triggered, Triggered. Once triggered, once there's a scene. Yeah. And ah, there's moments like you, you say, oh, they're inspired, right? There's, there's a moment where something has just happened to the character. Something's just happened to Killian and Elijah Bynum and all his wisdom. And that's a talented, talented brother, man. We had just finished the scene And I was still, I was still up, you know what? Emini here, that's what I call it. I was still up, you know, and Keely was still operating, and he's always operating when I'm at work, you know, he was still operating, still operating to the, to the point that he came in and said, Hey, we can, you walk out the trailer.


So that should let you guys know what, you guys know, what the scene is, walk out the trailer, and then just process all of that as you're walking out. And this is something that when it's not on the script, right, it's, it's no language. So I can't essentially use a target to, to, to keep my engine going. Right? So I have, I'm living in my imagination and for whatever reason, and, and now, you know, two and a half years later, I understand the reason, right? But I got up, I walked out the trailer, and Adam, our beautiful DP, was right in front of me. He said, just walk out and let that happen. Right? And I didn't know anything was gonna happen. You know, though, I was still hot. I was walking out And I, I just felt it's, it's kind of like heat for me when I'm working, right?


Like it's, I felt all this heat come up. My, my, my feet got hot and then my face got hot And I went, oh, oh, I'm glad you asked, because that was the moment when I realized I was walking out. Or maybe, I'm just realizing now that wasn't killing crime. Mm. Right. That was, that was me crying. Ooh, You know what, Emini here, based off the, yeah. Based off, I'm trying not to get away, but, but based off the revelation you, you gave this week Yeah. About being abused. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Got, got got. Gotcha. Gotcha. You gotcha. You gotcha you. And Wow. Yeah. I guess in a way, that was the, that was the beginning of like, oh, okay, cool. I was, I got hypnotized, and then that opened up all type of shit. Mm.


I was gonna ask you, because I had read that article that you did with, where you talked about being abused. Now that you're revealing, or well, you're revealing it to The World, but you're dealing with, because of the therapy and different things that you're doing, all of this internal stuff. Like, are you right now having to go through a different process of like, figuring out who you are again? And how does that affect you as an actor? Because like, you know, like, you know, all right, this is the character. I'll come in, I'll do this. But like, now you, you talking to your mom about stuff she didn't know, you're talking to your past about stuff they didn't know. It makes you, I don't know, like, do you feel like you're like kind of reinventing who Jonathan Majors is because of things or Rebirth?


Rebirth, yeah. Emini here, like, only tattoo I have, which my pastor mother was like, you grown, you groan. Do what you want. And, you know, but yes, it's definitely, there's a moment now where I go Emini here. I just, I, I was, I was saying, I was saying the wifey, you know, like, like I just feel different, you know? And this was la this was probably, you know, two weeks time ago. Ooh, Tommy moving this probably just two weeks ago. I was sitting there And I was like, I feel different. Like, I just feel different, you know? And there is like, I'm, I'm gonna do a couple pictures this year, God willing.


But I am nervous. You know? I am nervous. Nervous That what? You don't have it the same anymore, or I don't know what's gonna happen because You're dealing with the trauma, Talking about the audience. Because your Gift, your gift is your gift. I told you the other day, your gift is gonna make room for you. 'cause you just too, you too gifted that to deny Thank You, brother. Yeah. What is the fear? The, The fear is, well, what? Yeah, yeah. Let's keep the buck. Like, yeah, I have fear that like, is it, I've made so much more space. You know what Emini here. And it's like, oh, is is he gonna hit the same? Like, I know the craft. I know that, you know, And I don't know the craft, but I, I study the craft. That's what I was wondering. And I read that article, I stay in it, you know, and it's like, but it goes back to growth as a human, growth as a artist, right?


I go, okay, so the artist is, the artist outgrew the outgrew the self outgrew me, right? That led to chaos and hell, right? But the work was wicked. Hmm. Right. The work was good. I Just say wicked. But the work was good right now. Now what's gonna happen when the work that I've done And I continue to do on myself, now it becomes worthy of the audiences, the scripts, the stories, the characters I play. What's gonna happen to this guy? Mm. You know what Emini here is he going to, I dunno what's gonna happen. I will say this. I'm nervous, but I'm very excited.


You know what Emini here, I'm very excited because like, there, I've, I've got, I've got no, you know, I don't got that, you know what? Emini here. So I'm like, cool, I got it. I'm like, I was thinking about Usain Bolt, right? Usain Bolt. I was listening to a podcast and they were talking about Usain Bolt, the fastest man on the planet is the most jollies man on the track. He's funny, he's laughing, he's doing his thing. And then he, then he's the fastest man on the planet. And I go, oh, oh. That's the, that's the vibe. Like, I can be serious about what I do. I can, I can apply my craft. I can really dog myself in the craft. That's the game. You know what, Emini here, if you wanna make something for people, Hmm.


My opinion is I wanna make something for people that they understand. I care, right? I care if I'm playing a bodybuilder, I care about the bodybuilding community. If I'm playing Jesse Brown, you know, from devotion, I care about his legacy, his family. I apply everything I have into that. Right. But you can also laugh and joke on him. Be have a good time. Absolutely. You know what Emini here and like, and like, that part, that part, I did do those things, you know, I was nice and jolly on set and this and this, but there's a part of me that just wouldn't allow myself to, you know, I've never seen a movie I made, you know what, Emini here too hard to watch. No. You know, it's funny, the more, the more I, the more I think about it, I think there was a part of me that felt unworthy Of being on the screen.


Well, unworthy of, of, of like, like, that's, that's, I made it for them. You know, like, like you made that art for the people. You struggle for the people, you know, in the art form done now, you know? And so I never, I never got to close the loop in a way, right? I never got to come back to the, to the community. I never got to come back to the audience. You know? I know they loved the, or they didn't love, you know, the character or the movie, but I never got to stay connected to them. And that, and that's really the biggest part of this. I don't wanna sound like, you know, there's Rebirth, that's a word. It's on my neck. I can say it right? This Rebirth where it's like, oh, connection and help.


That's the game. You know what Emini here, connection and help. And not just playing, you know, the movie star role and like getting trucks for the crew and, you know, sending flowers, which all comes from my heart. You know what, Emini here. But then when they come and say thank you, I couldn't receive it. I couldn't receive love. You see, I could give it, you know what Emini here, but I couldn't receive it. But then love that's being given and you're not receiving is that, is that love? You know what Emini here, like, Are you, you know, rejection is a common theme of this film. Oh yeah. And then that's what it sounds like you're describing now, like you're afraid of, of, of rejection. Like when Killian's boss says to him, nobody knows you. No, nobody knows who you are. To me, it dismisses everything he wants, you know, the recognition, the being seen, the magazine dream, so to speak.


So how much does that moment increase, you know, Killian's demand for respect, and how, how much did that hit home for you? I think in that moment, in the, in the picture where he says that, you know, 'cause he's on his, you know, Kellian is, Kean is always riding pretty, he's idling pretty high. Yeah. Emini here, there, there is, there is, there is always a sense of like, I am always in the room when I'm acting. Right? There's, it's the, it's the most, mm, here it comes, it is the most unsocialized, the most pure version of myself that, that I bring to the art form.


It's, it's my 9-year-old self. Right. You know? And, you know, as, as, as the article speaks about, and this and this, like, you know, my life changed a little bit. Nah, my life changed a lot around, you know, the ages of eight to like 14. You know what Emini here. And that's the kid that was pure and honest and you know, worthy of love and sunshine and playgrounds and all that stuff. You know, that's where I'm operating from. But around that time is also the time that things shifted. And so when that man says that to me, yeah, Kellian has his brain going. It's like, oh, you know, and he does what he does, but there's also a part of me that goes, you know, my dad left at that time.


You know, so you go, that's that sensitivity part. Your work, you all, we all have to work from that child, right? We all have to heal that child. Right? And so in that moment, you just let that child go and he takes it, he hears it, and he responds. So yeah, I definitely heard it with Killian's ears and my ears, you know, and the response is the response in the picture, you know? So, yeah. You said you never watch your work, you didn't watch Lovecraft Country? Did I watch Lovecraft Country? I I saw probably 35 minutes of Lovecraft country. Crazy. It's a 10 hour, it's a 10 hour thing. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Damn. I seen it four times. You ain't watching. Thank you. Si four times that Thing, you know? And it's, it's also twofold, right? It's also the fact that I, I grew up in the theater, you know, I do theater, hope to do a little theater this year here in the city.


Yeah. I do theater. That's just not a part of my upbringing. You know what, Emini here? Like, like watching, watching tv. Yeah. Okay. Well, not necessarily watch. Well, I also grew up on the country, you know, in the country. You know, it's like my entertainment was throwing outside, you know, throwing glass bottles at the, at the trash thing. You know what? Emini here, that's what we did. You know? Or go hanging out in the creek, you know, by yourself. You know, like just chilling, you know, outdoors, outdoors outside, you know, and reading books, you know. And then when I matriculated into the drama programs that I went to that I don't, I don't care what I look like, I don't care what I Emini here, I care now, you know what I'm saying? I have makeup on. It's crazy. You know, Emini here, never, I never wore makeup. I don't wear makeup in pictures. Right. Never wore makeup in a movie, you know?


But, you know, it's, it's a new game now. And I was like, all right, cool. I still have to say that it's just not a part of my, it's not part of my art lineage. Right. To watch. I think it, you know, as I move into directing, when I'm producing things, Lovecraft Magazine Dreams is the first film that I produced with my production company. Tall Street. Amazing. Which is dope. If I wasn't in the picture as much, I, well, yeah, I definitely would've watched it, you know? 'cause 'cause now it's a different part of the, the art form. Yeah. You know, but as an actor, we don't, I don't, I don't watch myself, I think all the Leys out there in North Carolina, school of the Arts grads and actors, just actors, you know, who came up in the theater, go. Yeah. That is a, that's a novel thing.


Yeah. We watch our auditions, you know, to make sure they're wicked dope. But you don't watch, you know, to me it can get you in your head. I don't, you know, don't, don't invite, you know, criticism. Yeah. You know, when it comes to the art form, you know? Yeah. Because you'll probably Break yourself down. Yeah. I get you. Well, definitely, yeah. Especially in the audition process, you know? Definitely in the audition process. Yes, Ma'am. When you talk about inviting things, And I was sitting here thinking, 'cause I heard it was two, two questions I had for you, just listening to you, you, when you talk about the projects that you have coming up, I thought about like, the fact that right now you're on this press run. When you sat down with Kevin Frazier and you said wifey, and then the story came out about you guys being married. It was like, oh my God, he's married.


But then on another hand, it was like, he announced this because all this other stuff came out. Mm. The Rolling Stone article with the audio, you right now are working and moving, but I feel like I don't even, it's not on purpose, but there's so many things that are coming at you. How are you dealing with all of that? Because being married is such a good moment. Being able to get back to work is a good moment. But there's a lot coming your way. What's the daily like, whew, I can do this. 'cause you've done the work on yourself at this point. Amen. It's the work, you know, and it's God, you know. And also, like in our family, like we've been through it. We've been through a lot in a, in a, in a, in a short amount of time. You know what Emini here, like we are, we're war buddies and husband and wife, you know, and best friend.


Like, but for real, for real war buddies. Not like, oh yeah, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. We've been through it. You know what Emini here, and we'll continue to go through it, but something that we really talk about And I like, we can't let, like, we gotta live our life. You know what Emini here, like Yes. Everyone in this room, you know, is in the public eye, right? Yeah. If I didn't do something that I had planned by the way that I had planned months ago, because there's a, there's a, there's a, I'm, we're having a bad day. You know, one of us are having a bad day or, or, or I'm having a really bad day.


I would not get up in the morning. You know what, Emini here, I wouldn't get up in the morning. So, so who, who's gonna dictate my life? Who's gonna dictate my happiness? Yeah. You know? Well, me and God, you know, and, and whatever white people is feeling that day, you know? That's right. My mother this ring. 'cause your mom, your mom married you guys. My mother married us, right? Yeah. And that was that plan too. Wow. Like, that was originally, that's how you want everything to set Up. That was always the plan, right? Like, and this, my wedding ring is eng engraved. It says my love of life. Right. This was engraved six months ago. No, probably, probably. I wish she was here. She's here somewhere. She ain't gonna be mad that you Don't know this.


Right. She get mad about that. Okay. You had it done a while ago, was with you? Yeah, we had it done a while ago, six months ago. Oh, we had it done April 24th. Right. But in Hawaii, you know, after I spoke to her father and we had more chats, I spoke to her father twice. Love you, pop. Yeah. And then we had to plan for, you know, the mo the movie, you know, Tom at Briarcliff was like, we're doing this man, you, we, we, if you feel ready to go out there, you're gonna go out there. Yeah. Right. What else am I gonna do? Because even that gets overshadowed, right? Yeah. Because the way that when people talk about this movie, it's like, oh, it's his comeback after such and such. But you've been working on this for years. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But, but it, but it but the comeback.


Oh, yes. So yeah, mom was already coming. Tom had already, Tom had already, we had already had our chat. You know, Tom is Megan's dad. Oh, no, no, no. Tom is the owner of Briarcliff. Gotcha. Guy who was distributing our family. Right. Okay. Mr. Good is Megan's dad. Yeah. So, so yeah, we had already had it set up, and my mother, who's a pastor or day minister, was coming out for the, it was such a big thing that that magazine Dreams was coming out. Mm. And my mother had not come to Premier. My sister had come to Premier. My daughter had come to Premier. Still gotta get my brother out to one.


But my mother had not come to Premier. And so we had already planned once we had the date, okay, mom, you're coming out on this date. And then from that point we were like, all right, cool. You're here. Bring your stuff, bring your gear, whatever, whatever, you know, stuff you put on to marry folks. She, because she also married my, wait, did she marry all of us? Yeah. My mother married my brother and she married my sister. Wow. And now she married me. And so, yeah, that's that. We now have a tradition in the family. So there was no question Mom was gonna marry us. Very intentional. You know, very intentional. Do you have an idea of who is creating this targeted attack? Because let's be clear, I think it's a targeted attack. Emini here, when I look at, you know, you got a charged with misdemeanor assault and harassment. We see you on video running away from this woman relationship.


There's the optics of the big black man, you know, white, white, blonde haired woman. And it's like every time you're about to do something, right, like the Hollywood Reporter article comes out, you start hearing this good news about Magazine Dreams, then all of a sudden this audio leaks and the audio Was from 2022. Hey, come on, man. Yeah. Hey, come on. Crazy. You, you, you gotta know that there's somebody targeting you because everybody deserves redemption. There's people out here screaming for other folks to get redemption that have done way worse. I've been accused of Way worse and have been granted. Yes. Listen, God's Emini here. Listen. Let the streets talk. You know, let the streets talk. You know, it's very, again, I got a whole wife to deal with, you know?


Right. I got, I got a bunch of, I got a 12-year-old daughter I gotta get to and spend some time with and, you know, show her some, show her more stuff. You know what Emini here like, but You know, you, you could be getting granted a lot more grades. I even think about like, Marvel. Marvel, you know, they had controversies with guys like Jeremy Renner who plays Hawkeye. The guy who played Nemore had some things, but they was so quick to part ways with you. Robert Donny Jr. Was allotted grades. Like, Yeah, Emini here you play the hand, you dealt, you know? And it, and it is not over till it's over. You know what? Emini here, like, it's not over till it's over. You know, there's just, that's one thing I know. I love my wife. I love my daughter. I love my family. I love this art form. And I trust in God.


And I know for a fact what's in me right now. Emini here, I'm on fire inside, you know, I'm on fire. You know, the next time I hit a set, I can't wait to, to tell that story. To spend time with the crew, to promote that film, to get out to the people to come see you guys again. And I have no doubt in my mind, you know, that it's going to happen. I don't know when, you know, though, we have, you know, we have things in the works, but, you know, Were those rumors about Marvel bringing King back? True. Man. Here's the thing about Marvel, right? You don't know until you know, you know what? Emini here, you don't know until, you know, I will say this though, of all the characters I played, right?


King carries a certain novelty and a certain challenge for an actor that I would, I would, I would, I would, I would, I would love to play it again. Yeah. You know? And so when I hear people talk about it, as long as the streets are talking, as long as the fans are talking, you know, there is a, there's hope. You know, because look, Disney is a, look, we all grew up on Disney. Maybe, maybe not. That's right. Yeah. You know, but like, they got us, you know, they got us, you know what? Emini here, like, we're locked in. You know, I love Disneyland. I love Disney World. You know, Hercules, you know Robin Hood. These are things we grew up on. You know what, Emini here, I, I love it. And when I was invited to the Marvel Universe to play, you know, for all characters, king, I loved it.


I miss it. I wanna do it again. The, the, the, the role is incredible.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play, and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah. Don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes, everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college, just starting in your field, or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. Stay farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities, and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been, because like a good neighbor is State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


Before we get back to it, I wanna take a second for our sponsor. Stand up to all the hate now. You know, we joke, we debate, we even push buttons sometimes, but spreading the hate, that's never the right move. There's a difference between keeping it real and just being reckless. Let's do better respect each other and leave the hate out of it. There's no reason to hate, even in my household, I have six kids And I don't let my children use the word hate. There's no reason to hate on anybody. It's always better to uplift power and make sure that we support. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to all Hate. If you see someone getting hate, speak up and call it out. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools there is in this fight. And you can learn more by following at what's Up with Hate or show your support by posting the Blue Square emoji and using the hashtag. Staying Up To All Hate on Instagram.


And TikTok Is, it is unique from any other role I've ever played because of the, the, the, the lexicon of characters that this man, this character gets to play. I absolutely would wanna do it again. You know, if there's a way I would love to be there, but, you know, again, that's in God's hands. That's in the hands of, you know, the, the Disney Corporation and, and the shareholders and all of that. And you know, we're in a divided world right now. And so holler at me. I'm here. You know. How was the letter that you wrote to Marvel to Kevin? What was his last name? Ah, Kevin Foggy. Kevin Fog. Kevin Fa How was that letter received? I don't know how it was received, you know, but, but I, you know, I, I've got his info.


I know it's him. You know what? Emini here And I sent it to him, you know, and he's a, he's in the, I'm sure he was in a tough position when I sent it to him. It was, it was long after a lot of this stuff, you know? Yeah. I I, I really like, I really, I love that man. You know, that, that that specific individual. I really love him. You know, I've got nothing but love for Marvel. But Yeah. You know, I, I, yeah. You know, I didn't hear back, you know, but He treated you like Brad Van Horn. No, he, you gotta watch the movie magazine dreamt Believe you just said that. That was good. Listen, I, I I, I I want ask you about that.


'cause it was such a one-sided relationship with Brad Vander Horn between Killian and Brad in the movie. Yep. And, you know, you kept writing them these letters. Yep. And he, he thinks he has a connection with Brad. And it's almost like how fans feel today. Like, they have a sense of access to celebrities that they don't actually have, but social media makes them feel like they do. Have you ever had a achillion in your life? Because you out here with your shirt off all the time, showing up the trash? Yes. Yes. Okay. Yes, yes, yes. It's, it's a delicate balance, like being a public figure, right? As we all are in this room, you know, or even just being spoiler alert, everybody's a a, a public figure. If you have an Instagram, yes, your shit is out there.


You know what? Emini here. So like, it's all, it's all about being kind, you know, like Yeah. I've dealt with that multiple times, you know? And it's like, you, you, you have to set boundaries. Mm. You know, and you have to be kind. But you also have to understand that these individuals are also the individuals that allow you, that prop you up to be this public figure as it were. So it's a delicate balance, you know? However, you know, everybody just understand boundaries like, you know, understand you. Like even if I know you, you know what? Emini here, like you and me, if I text you bro, and you don't text me back, I'm not coming to the studio. You know what Emini here, I'm not coming to the studio like, Hey Charlotte, it's your boy. Hit me back, Emini here like two days later, urgent Negro hit me back.


And if you don't hit me back, then I'm gonna go around the other way and be like, Hey, call This man, See what's going on. You know, I'm not showing up to your house. You know what, Emini here, I'm not doing that. You know? But, But that's because I have boundaries. You have boundaries. That's right. You know what, Emini here, I respect you, You respect me. You know? So Yeah, I've dealt with that. And but how much Do you owe to the fan? The fan or the fans? Fans? Yes. Well, I, yeah, I guess I said fan in this particular situation. Right? This Guy kept Writing you in that, in that regard. Here's the thing, you know, I think every, everybody's different, but I love my fans. I love them even more. Now, you know what Emini here, I think that anything you ask me to do, you know, within reason I'm gonna do it.


Like I'm gonna do it. I don't mind. You know, I'm just built like that though. You know what? Emini here, like, we're a team. I understand that you, you know what Emini here. And I also understand like, like, yeah, I got fans, but like, I'm not so and so and so, and so, you know what? Emini here, I'm not, you know, Timothy Chalamet, you know what Emini here? Mm. Where it's like, that's just, wow. You know what Emini here. Like, like yeah. I'm me, you know, and I've got my demographic, I've got my team, I've got my marble fans, my Creed fans, my this fan. I love them. You know what Emini here, I love them. You know, if they step over the line, that's why you got security. Yeah. You know what, Emini here, you know? Yeah. What made, how did, did Zeus Network become the home for a magazine dream? That's a beautiful story. That's a beautiful story.


So I just got done doing Hollywood unlocked our brother and friend Jason Lee. So Jason Lee. Yeah. What up Jason Lee? I'm coming, bro. Don't trip. I'm coming. Pause. You know, Paul, I always say Paul because of Jason, but shout to Jason. Thanks bro. Thanks bro. Thanks bro. Thanks bro. Thanks bro. Yeah, Jason Lee reached out to, to us and was like, Hey man, we wanna do this. He took a, he took a, he took a shot with us and we did the, we did the award show. And then we found out, I found out through the award show that Lemi at Zeus was kind of like operating the whole thing.


You know, like he was sponsoring the whole thing, you know, supporting the whole thing. We had a beautiful night, you know, a very healing night that night for the family, which was, and for myself especially. And then time goes along And I get a phone call. This is after Briarcliff had already picked it up, you know, it is what it is. You know, like people have their opinions. They go, Hey, yeah, I don't want to, I don't want to help anymore. You know, we lose the money and then, you know, a certain amount of the money, right? Tom, Tom holds steady as he always does, but you know, we lose the money, a certain portion of it and we need it. Or the film's not coming out, you know, it was like, it's just not coming out.


And I literally got on the phone, you know, baby was like, Hey, you know, what do you think we should do? I'm like, I don't know what you think we should do. We put a list together. We were like, you know, ah, no. Yes, yes, yes, yes. That happened. And then I had a meeting with Jason, me and Jason and his buddy Robert. We just sat and chatted and he said, yeah, you know, I got an idea. Lemme run it by you. He said, yeah, you should hit him. So we hit Lemmy, right? I called Lemi directly, literally big shout out to Lemi and Zeus. I called Lemmy. The meeting was at 9:00 AM I called Lemmy at 12. And I got back to the house after training. We sat there, I texted him, he texted me back. I told him what the game was.


He said, I'm in. He hadn't seen the movie. He said, I'm in, I got you brother. Right? When he was transferred, deal was done. Wow. Like that. See, that's what I like to hear. That's God. When somebody tell you, yo, I'm in. And then they put their money where they mouth is immediately Site unseen. Wow. Sight unseen. He, I got you. Wow. I got you. You know? So Emini here, big ups to Zeus network and Lemy and all his team, all his soldiers. Like that's a, he's the real deal. And we need that it within the culture, you know what Emini here, like we need someone that's gonna go, I'm betting on you. You know what Emini here, I'm betting on us. Him, Deon Taylor, The World, Deon Taylor. We need that look. Yeah. You know? Yeah, of course. You no deep. Yeah. Yeah. I'm tripping. I'm tripping. I'm, I'm thread together. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm tripping. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. But even the award show that moment.


'cause the award show happened and then the meeting with Let Me Happen. Yes, ma'am. Like the award show moment. I think it went so viral Emini here, you were very emotional and people got to see that, but it was like publicly the first time after everything that someone was like really taking a major chance behind you. Like, this person deserves to be able to come back and say his piece or whatever. Yes ma'am. That alone, like when Jason first called you for that award, how did you feel like, were you kind of hesitant? Were you So much trauma, you know, so much trauma. When he called, I was like, Emini here. I was so small at that time, you know, inside, you know, I was just like, I was just starting with my, you know, Avengers of therapists and pastors.


You know what Emini here. So I was still working a lot of things up. And when he called I was like, man, that ain't gonna happen. Yeah. You know, like you get the first endorphin hit, the dopamine, like, yeah, okay, cool, cool, cool. But no, that's not gonna happen. They, they gonna let, they are not gonna let you do that. You know what Emini here, but Jason, all the shit. Yeah. But even Jason, even Jason was getting caught Emini here. He had resistance. Right. He had resistance and, and he's listening and he knows what I'm talking about. I'm not gonna put his business in the street. He had resistance. But Jason Lee said, Hey, I'm gonna get this done, bro. I got you. I'm gonna get this done. You know? And I go, alright bro, you know, we have calls.


Everybody's on a call. What do you think about this? What you think about this? What you think about this? We write the, we write the speech. Speech is like, well, you know, the speech ain't gonna work. You know, I ain't gonna come up. You know, it was crazy. But Jason was, I believe in him, I believe in this, we're gonna do it. And he did it. And he did it. You know, and, and Bringing Ms. Vincent into it. That was everything. Was that, what was the planning around that, that, how early on did that happen? Or did she say, Hey, I wanna be involved? I, I can't speak to that in, in super detail, but I do know that Jason, Jason had a real conversation with her and she understood the situation, believed in redemption, believed in, you know, helping, you know what, Emini here. And, and she came and she did it.


And she, she did it. I felt that, you know, I felt that, And I'm so grateful to her. You know, I love her. Lemme ask you a question. How have your views on Hollywood chance, 'cause you said that you're not Timothy Charlemagne, but Hollywood was setting you up to be that next golden boy. Like, they all acted like they loved you before the scandal, and then as soon as there was some smoke, they was off. You do, you take that personal Two years of reflection, you get to sit back and just kind of go, okay, what's the game? You what Emini here, because let's be honest, like, if anybody doesn't think that it's an industry, it's an industry. You know what Emini here and money is involved And I don't know, it's, it's, every, anyone in Hollywood, anyone in entertainment understands that like, yeah, this is a town.


It's a town that goes up and down, up and down. You're hot, your coat, you're this, your that, you're this, you're that. But to be, you know, in such a position, you know, with so many allies, friends, studios, all of it, you know what Emini here, like, it was all there, you know? And then to watch it go, it was just a very clear understanding that this is a business. You know what Emini here. And there are some personal things where I go, Hmm, that hurt, that hurt me. You know what, Emini here, that hurt my bank account. That hurt me. You know what Emini here does it change my perspective? I was always talent forward.


I was always talent forward. I want to make sure that I'm, I'm doing the best I can in the role I'm doing in like that, that's all that mattered to me, you know? But I, I saw it more, you know, in tandem, you know, when I'm looking at what's happening, what was happening with Megan or, you know, the, the, the amount of pressure and heat and, and shame that was trying to be thrown on people who did stick with me. You know, my agent, Ilan Ruly, he's a dog man. He stayed, man, he fought for me. He, I just love him. You know, he's my brother, you know, he, he is my, my brother, you know, Alan Ruth, I love you, man.


But when I saw what he had to deal with, I was like, damn, that's crazy. You know what, Emini here, like, I don't, I don't want that. And the industry as whole, it's like, look, the industry changes so quickly, you know, I, I am optimistic, you know, I can't stunt and be like blah, blah, blah, but I'm a realist. And I go, yeah, yeah, yeah. That hurt. You know what, Emini here. Yeah. Does it change my perspective if I knew it was always a game? You know, I'm quoted saying that before. That's the game. You know, I, I, I remember, and Lauren, you probably know, but I, I remember there was an article that came out and it was just a bunch of different people, you know, saying you were emotionally abusive to them and, you know, oh yeah. Verbally abusive and you know, they, it works with you before. And it wasn't a pleasant experience when that came out. Did you ever look at any of that stuff and say, okay, some of that might be justified. I might've been an asshole in that situation, That article, you know?


Hmm. Because they were talking about from college days. So you're not the same man is what I'm, yeah, yeah. Well, there, there's, there's some. Hmm. How, how, how to come at this one. Everybody's entitled to their opinion. Yeah. Watch this as far as, I'm just gonna, I'm just gonna tell you some facts okay. About school, school and this. I went to North Carolina School of the Arts And I also went to Yale. And I was at Yale.


I was on a full scholarship. We all were, I was also on a Lloyd Richards scholarship. Our brother Lloyd Richards brought in August, Wilson Camp, all that stuff. Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful man. Rest in peace. I was a recipient of that. When that information happened. When that, when that, when that started being said, that's when I went That's, that's, that was hard. 'cause I go, this is Yale University. Where's the writeup? If all of this is true, where's the writeup from my administration, from my dean?


Where is it? That was the only thing in which I got involved. 'cause it was supposed to be family. Right? I got involved and went, show me, show me, show me the paperwork. I not my lawyer. I hit my dean And I said, show me. He said, no, there's nothing there. I still have the email. You know what Emini here do I still wear my Yale cap? Yeah. 'cause I went there, you know, my class, you know, I love them. I love them. And I understand, I understand. I don't agree with it, but I understand, you know, and all off record. What went through your mind when Michael Ailey had picked up?


Megan, I wanna see you. I wanna see you answer that one. I wanna see When did this happen? Is this in the movie In the street? No. Talking about real life. When y'all was on the red carpet, remember? And Michael, he came up and said hello to Megan and the clip that they had online. Yeah. He picked her up. The clip they had online. You was just standing there and people would say, y'all, I know he was Saudi, but there was the part of y'all shaking hands before because he didn't speak to you too, but Yeah. Oh, I remember this. I remember this. I remember this. Yeah. I love that pretty man. Look at him. Pretty eyes lifting up my wife. It's all good. No, no, no. That's my brother. That's my brother. Yeah. Emini here. What, what went through wrong, inappropriate, Away to hug somebody's wife. Well, Emini here, we all work. We, They weren't married. They have a, they have a, they have a beautiful friendship.


Yeah. They have all these things, you know, like, and, and respectfully because like, we have real life and then we have what everyone says about our real life. Right. And, and as you all know, we have to navigate between those two things. Right? Gotcha. If the things people say about our life actually make their way into our lives, then the people have to be mature enough to address it. And Brother Ely, who I've seen many times, we did a workshop together at Dion's Place. Michael Ely was like, Hey bro, my bad. You know what Emini here? And I was like, respect. Yeah, respect. You know what Emini here, because I was like, this man trained for Creed. One of them blows. Michael's done. But That's all love. It's, it's all love. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. I have a question about the movie.


So in, in Magazine Dreams, your relationship with your father is insane because of the thing that him and your mom And I don't wanna give away. It's all right. It's all right. Yeah. With I'm with you, I'm with you. It's rough making eye contact relationship With you, with your father. But in real life too, you talk about your dad leaving your life and some of the things you dealt with after that, channeling your real relationship with your dad and then bringing it onto screen. What did you pull from specifically? And what did you purposely say? I don't wanna pull from this because I don't wanna revisit that. If it's in there, right. If it's in there and it's, it's conscious, you know, that's the job, right? You gotta use it. I used Emini here we can, we can we'll get, we'll get to Magazine Dreams, but Michael K. Williams, who actually played my father, right?


And my brother, my brother Michael K. Williams, who played my father in Lovecraft, he was dealing with it all day. Right? I was thinking about my daddy issues all day, right? Because they were just boom, around top of each other, right? In, in Magazine dreams. Yeah. Same thing. You know, you, you, you go, okay, you like this, I like this. Cool. That, that's something that we say, oh, you get that for nothing. Right? You get that for nothing. Right? And in your work, you go, okay, cool, this man is in love with this woman. Cool. I know what that is. I'm in love with my woman, blah, blah. Okay. I get that for nothing. Right? Then the details and the specificity of that relationship are, are drawn out through the, the actual characterization and, and The World that we're in. But I just want, I just wanna be clear sis, you talking about like, 'cause 'cause dad's not in the movie.


No, He is not. But I Know that. Great, great. I just wanted to make sure we're on the page care of your grandfather Of grandfather because they're dead. Because I didn't get through the movie, but I had to look up the grandfather. I don tell, I'm Saying he's giving away. That's why it was hard for me to ask a question because you gotta give so much set up with it. But I was basically asking, because it's such a messed up situation that you're in taking care of your papa and then paw paw, and then in real life you talk about y your dad and him leaving you and your mom. Hmm. Like I've heard you talk about that a couple times. Yep, yep, yep. And then your mom came to this to see this movie. Yeah. Yeah. And I know mom had to be like, you know, like there's some trauma probably with her too, that came back in. Saw That, saw that. Yeah.


Yeah. Yeah. I think every time you have to touch something, you kinda wanna make it connect. You know what Emini here, you wanna make it connect and, and you know, my father, my biological father, my dad, you know, I don't wanna hurt him. Right. But I love him, you know, but, but we experience something that could have been avoided had he not done what he done. You know, what Emini here done what he did, do what he done. Yeah. Come on. Y yeah. Thank you brother. Me, you know what Emini here. So, so there's that. And so you, 'cause what, what what we're talking about is a shared trauma, right? Between what Kellian understands and what happened to him in his world and what, what I understand what happened to me in my world in that, that the visceral abandonment, if that makes sense, is something that I can always connect to.


And it's something that I've experienced and something Achill Achillion does experience. And so in that, in that monologue, right? Where we're going through it Yeah. O obviously the images of of, of my father, you know who, lemme just be very clear. I love my dad, you know, I love him, you know, for the man he is, you know, but it is what it is. You know what Emini here, and it's, it's up to him to it to fix that. You know what, Emini here, I understand that, you know, you make a mistake. It's up to you to fix it. You know, something wrong with you. It's up to you to fix it. So, you know, standing by dad, standing by. Nah, you know What? I'll tell you something, man. When, when you, once you, if you actually, And I, I'm, I don't know if you have, but when you actually have conversations with your father Yeah.


And he tells you about his upbringing Yep. And his childhood Yep. And the things he went through. Yep. I guarantee you'll end up giving him more grace. Yep. Because I remember my father telling me that he went to therapy two and three times a week, and he was on 10 to 12 different medications for his various mental health issues. And he tried to commit suicide. Yeah. Back in the day when I, when he told me that. Yeah. It just, it just allowed me to give him so much more grace. Yeah. And I think sometimes we forget our parents had a life before they were our, were our parents and Currently had lives while they were our parents. That's right. Yeah. You know what, Emini here. So like, and, and we all know like, bringing a child into, bro, thank you. Like, like I, I completely agree with that, you know, and, And I'm, and I'm on my way to that. But I was about to say you at that place yet though.


It's Just, but it's just that like this is, this is the Rebirth. This is the new, this is the, this is the new bop. You know, this is still working. Like my big brother says to me, Hey dog, you know, and straight up, I've heard that before. Right? But I go, Megan said it to me before, you know, and it's just like he speaks to my brother, he speaks to my mom, he speaks to my sister. You know what Emini here, I'm just the eldest son, you know, the southern eldest son. That may mean something to some of the listeners, right? That's different. You know what Emini here and it's like, it's a different thing. But, but then it's not right. Like that chat, that's something else. Right? You speaking from your hurt there. Right. Hearing you now. Right. You helped me. I go yeah. Damn.


You right. You are right. He makes me think about the character Killian, right? When you're watching the film, the angry black man persona, whatever you want to say it is, it's all justified, you know, being the way his, he lost his parents, what his grandfather's going through. You know, all of that. But your trauma's not your fault, but your healing's. Your responsi responsibility. Correct. And I think by the end of the movie, that's what he learns. That's what I wish I would've, y'all would've explored a little bit more because we saw the problems. Yeah. But where it was the solution. I'm gonna watch the Emini here. Not promise this. You were gonna let us take time to watch the last three minutes of the picture at some point together.


And wait, we gotta stop talking about this. This is a spoiler. You know what, Charlamagne watched the movie because listen, he is, he, he really watched he been talking about this since yesterday. Look, he be up here lying to everybody about listening to the albums before we come in here, interview people. He done toast. He look people dead in the eye. I watched the show. Didn't I did not watch the show. He, you watch this movie called me. Yo, you need to watch. Yo, this is, this is great. This is greatest role ever. And I'm like, this how you know he is in here expounding a brick. I love That. Guess what Jess told me when I said you should watch Magazine Dreams.


Hmm. I will. But I'm, let me finish watching Tyler Perry For work. For work for Word. Look, look, we go ahead. Go ahead. I was paid to do a review on the movie. Yeah. Because, you know, I be doing reviews. Look, magazine Dreams is one of the best movies. Hey, Zoom paid Jeff to watch the movie. We love our Brother. We love our brothers. Tyler Perry. Check for Jeff to watch the movie. I get it. I get it. It Wait, I have another question about your dad. Yeah. Has he seen this movie? Y do y'all talk often? Has he seen the movie? Do you know A little text here and here and there. Okay, so Emini here, like need to FaceTime him with his nude daughter-in-law.


Probably need to do that. Don't they? Always got a n Yeah, I'm right there with you. Gotta do that. But no, he's not, he's not seen it. Emini here. I didn't send him a link or anything out. But look, I know my dad, like, He didn't hit you after the, the interview that you did and where you talked about the assault That no Emini here. But that's the thing. Like, I should probably holler at him. I will, I'll give him a shout. 'cause I, 'cause I I tabled it. Well, I tabled it the best I could. You really did With my mother beforehand, right? Oh, so before that article came out. Yeah. Yeah. I had to, had to. Yeah. You know what, Emini here, And I, And I tabled it a little bit with my sister, but I, I need to table it with my father.


'cause you know, it, it's a lot. You know what Emini here, like something I was discussing with, you know, some of your colleagues, you know, journalistic colleagues rather, you know, when you are, when we are quote unquote public figures, like your healing has to happen publicly, does it? No, I don't believe that. No, no, no, no. That's a question mark. That was a question mark. Does that happen publicly? You know, like, like That's why I was wondering why you chose to reveal that right now. 'cause you have so much other stuff happening. Yeah, Yeah. Well, and, and bringing your dad into, And I, not to cut you off Yes sir. But I thought it was, I thought it was very vulnerable of you. But I don't know if I would've had the courage to do that right now in your life because you're moving past so much stuff because you, you, you bla not blame your dad, but you, if your dad was there, you felt like you would've been protected.


And that's heavy for everybody. Mm. In the situation. Your mom, your mom, you said your mom apologized to you after that for not being there to protect you. So it's heavy for everybody and then it just stirs up so much more stuff. Well, here's the thing. If you don't stir it up, something's gonna happen. You know what Emini here, like, like I, it had to be done. Right? It's funny 'cause in the, in the interview we were talking and because of the work that I was doing, you know, quote unquote behind the scenes when we got there, it just, I had been talking about it. Oh, okay. You know, and, and with my fam, with, with, with, with Megan.


I had been talking about it with my, my counselors, you know, and my therapist. You know, it was there and it would've been inauthentic in that moment. You know what, Emini here for me not to touch it. You know what, Emini here, I would've done myself a disservice. You know what Emini here and was it brave or this or this or this? No, I don't, I don't see it that way. You know, I saw it as when your pain outweighs no, when your needs for healing, your needs for healing outweighs your pain. Right. You'll heal. Right. And in that moment, the healing was right there.


The pain was right here. Right. But the need to heal was greater. And I said, I I gotta I gotta say this. You know what Emini here, we talked about fans, we talked about people who, you know, people who just admire someone. Right. Admire me wholly. If you're gonna do that, yeah. All of me, you know what Emini here, what Emini here. I'm not afraid to show it to you. Hate me. Right. But hate all of me. You know, I'm not playing that game. But a fan can't do that because he doesn't know he or she doesn't know you. And your whole totality, they only know what they, but They think they do. Yeah. They think they do. And, and, and there's no gimmick. I don't wanna, if, if, if there's a fan of mine who's experienced anything that I've experienced in my life, right?


My job as my, my, my mission as an, as an actor and an artist and a human being is to like, let me help you. Let me help you carry your cross. Right? That's what you guys are doing for me right now. You are helping me bear my cross. Right. I got that from my brother Will. Right. As well as what it's all about my job. Our job is only to help someone bear their cross. We can't bear it for them, but we can be there for them. Right. He said that to me. I went, oh, I understand that. So if you are a fan, right? If you know me and you've experienced something like that and you see that, okay, this has happened to him and this has happened to me and he's doing this, it's not impossible. A lot of, a lot of the comeback, a lot of the Rebirth feels impossible because nobody has ever attempted it before.


Yeah. You know what, Emini here, no one's ever had the allies. Not, I don't wanna get you in trouble, but no one's ever gotten the allies with their friends or their support or the, you know, I want to demonstrate that, you know what, Emini here. Yeah. Well, but you see, here's the thing. You don't throw your people away. Like you don't, you don't, you don't look at a person and say, man, I'm not, I'm gonna reduce them to their worst moment. Like, I, I knew you before this. We worked on a project together that broke down profits with Audible. Apparently it's in the finals for some Got nominated for a a, a Audi for best drama. But it's just like, okay, he had a situation. Listen, we assess the situation. We look at the situation, we see what the situation is.


Is he not? Is he not, can he, is he not above redemption? Can he, the redemption isn't for everybody. Like we always have to talk about cancel culture. But what about redemption culture? You just cast him to the side, say fuck him for the rest of his life. Nah, I don't agree with that. Well, obviously you don't. I saw you running down the street from a white woman. I saw it Running from Running for his life. Running from, okay. All the training you needed to do for Creed three was in that moment. Listen, There was a movie, I don't know if you, I I saw it. It was a movie. It's called The Actor Who Got Chased Around the City. And this it was on Tub. Tub, yes it was. Why you laughing? It was on Tubby Know what You talking about because we on two B two now. I know. Just I know what you're talking about. Go ahead, go ahead.


Okay, so this is a movie the Director of Brilliant Alvin Gray. I don't know if you've seen it. It's a good movie. It's called The Actor Who was chased around the city. He actually was gonna name it The actor who was chased around the city by the white woman. But he, that was too long. Chose to Yeah, it was too long. You need to watch it. Yes ma'am. And it's good. Yes. You Know, might trigger you or I was gonna say or not. 'cause you, you know, you might No, no, no. 'cause the redemption for him is in the movie. Oh. So you okay. And I just gave it away. But you need to watch it. Amen. Yes. And I only got a couple more. He may love you. His name is Alvin Graces from Baltimore. He makes films based on Amen. You know, controversial points. And I'm Sorry, is this a real movie?


It's a real, oh my goodness. There's some things on TV that get like, you know, this is a real movie. Oh yeah. Wow. Yes. Yes. She says, you gotta rap. You, I just got, I really got two more questions because, you know, I want people to go watch Magazine Dreams. Absolutely. And when you watching it, I wonder if Killian's character is so frightening because of how real it is. 'cause we all know men, especially black men who suffer from untreated mental health issues. And with him being so obsessed with bodybuilding, a way just to run from his trauma. Yeah. It, so it covers it, right? It covers it, but it also releases it.


Right. But there is the, there is so much there that he can't, he can't get out. So he's searching for validation. Right. I wonder what would happen to Killian if, if someone just, wow, if someone just spotted him. If someone just saw this man lifting all this weight and came and helped him lift it, maybe that would change everything. You know what Emini here, maybe there wouldn't be a Killian Maddox had he had some type of connection, some type of love. Mm. You know what Emini here, like he, he's pro that the whole movie in a way is about the acknowledgement of his trauma.


Right. Him trying to work through it, the trials and tribulations of that. Right. And then how he, how he ultimately deals with it. Right. Not to give too, not to give anything away. That was pretty, pretty esoteric. But you understand what Emini here. Yeah. Yeah. Yep, yep. And there's a scene in the movie where he says, I'm I'm just tired. I'm just tired and I'm sick. And I wonder if, if he meant that physically or mentally or both. And I also wonder, and this would be my final question, how, how that line applies to you being that you've dealt with so much publicly because you know, you promoting the movie so you can put on the brave face and you just got married.


So, you know, you're happy in this moment, but I'm sure you had to get emotionally exhausted throughout this process. Well, here's a moment of the subconscious coming to the screen. That, that line, I'm tired, I'm tired, I'm tired. It's not in script. Wow. Yeah, it's not, it's not in the script. I'm sick is in the script, but I'm tired. It's not, you know, so I was so clear to me, looking back now where my work, my work was trying to signal to me, this, this is where you're at. This is where you're at.


You know, how does that come out? I'm tired. I'm tired, you know, And I was, you know, I was a part of me. Not, not the part that makes art or any of that part, but the, the important part, you know, the self was extremely tired. You know, you work hard, you do that. But yeah, it's not, it's not a matter of the putout, you know what Emini here I could put out, I could do it, you know, and enjoyed it. But this other part's being so neglected, you know, and because of the nature of the film, I try to shoot every film like a documentary. I take it extremely serious. You know, extremely serious. Ah. You know, but, but I do.


And because of that, there's a small, there's a small moment where usually it's lines that I'll say that our marriage between myself and the character, and that was one of them, you know? So yeah, I was tired, man. And Kellian was tired, but oh, I was tired that, that, that part of me that just, you know, felt all that and didn't process any of that. And a 9-year-old boy can't hold, can't hold that shit. You know what, Emini here, You a 30 5-year-old man can't hold it either, you know?


So. Yeah, man, you watched the hell outta that movie. Did. I thoroughly enjoyed it, man. Listen, thank you man. Keep keep doing the work. My brother Magazine Dreams is in theaters right now. Go see it. Go check it out. It's, it's, And I, I can't wait to see all the think pieces in the conversations that your film. Yeah. You know, and remember, redemption is not perfection. My brother. Thank you. Good to see you, man. It's Jonathan Majors. It's The Breakfast Club. Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club


Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could just escape the chaos? Fortunately that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey, it's Rich Davis from Covino and Rich. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability climate side of tundra and experience the uncompromising strength with its available. I force Max Engine and Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high-tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out a Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today, visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals. Or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Top reasons data nerds Wanna move to Ohio? High Paying careers for business researchers, analysts, project managers, and more. So many jobs, you can take your pick. What else does the data say? How about a bigger backyard, a shorter commute, and a paycheck that goes further. So crunch the numbers and our world famous pickles. It all adds up the career you want and a life you'll love. Have it all in the heart of it. All. Dive into the data@callohiohome.com.


Residents at BrightView, senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior, independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.