
Back in 96, Atlanta was booming with excitement around hosting the Centennial Olympic games, and then a deranged zealot willing to kill for a cause, lit a fuse that would change my life. And so many others forever rippling out for generations. Listen to Flashpoint on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This could be the craziest podcast pairing ever. The Governor of California, Kevin Newsom and Superbowl Champ, Marshawn Beast Mode Lynch our politician. What is Politicing even mean? There's bridging gaps with no politics Joined by their friend and agent, Doug Hendrickson. It's gonna be a wild ride. We can change The World podcast by podcast. Listen to politician with Gavin Newsom, Marshawn Lynch, and Doug Hendrickson on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search politicking and start listening.


In 2020, in a small California mountain town, five women disappeared. I found out what happened to all of them except one, a woman known as Dear whose estate is worth millions of dollars. I'm Lucy Sheriff. Over the past four years, I've spoken with Deer's family and friends And. I've discovered that everyone has a different version of events. Hear the story on Where's Deer? Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your horizons. Hit play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast, sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts Sniffy Cruising Confessions. Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to Sniffy Cruising Confessions sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday.


For 10 years I've been obsessed with one of the most bizarre and audacious cons in rock and roll history. We were all facing 20 years and all that good Stuff. The lead singer tried to pull off an English accent and they went on the road as the zombies. These guys are not gonna get away with it. The zombies are too popular. Listen to the true story of the fake zombies on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The. Breakfast. Club. Yes indeed. Of course we got with us today 'cause we got a special guest in the building. Edgar Langa. Welcome brother. What's up my boy? How's everything man? How, how Feeling you man? Little good. How you feeling? Big fight coming up. Yes sir. September 14th against Canelo Alvarez. Sir, How you feeling about it? Amazing man. You know I'm highly blessed man to be in this position. You know I'm not supposed to be here. You know we went through a lot of trials and tribulations. You feel me? And You know we got here man. We did You know all the hard work is paid off. Man. And. I started boxing at seven years old and 20 years later, man, You know I'm fighting the biggest fight of my life.


Wow. Now you wanted this fight for a long time. You've been calling it out. You've been saying it. Yeah. So what, what finally got the deal done. You know I've been, I've been talking about this for years, man. You know, even before we was about to turn pro with my coach You know, I was like, You know we seen Canelo rising and we was just like, yo, listen man, like this the fight that's gonna happen soon. You know something big You know Puerto Rico was just Mexico. And I feel like through my hard work keeping God first You know it happened man. And the man manifesting, you feel me? Like just talking about it, putting out there in the universe. You feel me? And it, and it came obviously. Is it really the golden ticket? People say it is.


Like, is it really lucrative? I mean, You know obviously. 'cause they, they, they say, they say it is the golden ticket 'cause it's money. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. You you not, you not, you're not making the the money you you was making before. You feel me when you fight him, obviously. 'cause he's a You know he's a legend bro. And yeah, You know, but we got the fight from my last fight. You know we became the WBA mandatory. My four Patrick McCorry, I knocked him out in the sixth round. He was a light heavyweight. IBO world world champion. And yeah man, we, we did our thing You know. They was just like, yo, listen, we need a big knockout in order to land a spot for this You know And I came through, man. Big, big, big. Like What, what were their negotiations for this fight?


Or was the first offer accepted? You know what I mean? Because obviously You know to Charlemagne's point. Yeah. It's the money fight that people want. Yeah. Was the first offer the, the money that you expected? Or did, did, did your manager Keith have to fight for a little bit more? Oh yeah. It was, it was crazy man. It was to the point that we probably thought we wasn't gonna fight. Oh. Just 'cause You know because The initial offer wasn't what You wanted. Yeah. And I. This is where I really noticed, like, and at the, at the level where we at now, at the, at the high level, I understand why a lot of big fights don't get made. Mm. Excuse me. 'cause You know are the numbers, the numbers gotta look right. You know. And then it is about the fight then it's about pay-per-view. And it's about a lot of other things. You feel me? So it hit me like, damn, this is why a lot of big fights don't get made 'cause of that.


You feel me? 'cause 'cause of the numbers is not right, you feel me? And then a lot of negotiations behind that lot like phone calls after phone call. Like it was days. Like I You, know what I'm saying? Like I wake up And, I'm like damn we getting in a fight or not. But I was in the gym, I was working, working, working, working. 'cause I knew, I was like, I don't want them catching me off guard. You know a lot of fighters. They start training the day. You know the day that they sign a fight and next thing You know you got five, six weeks to the fight. Like what happened? What now? Not enough time And then you not in shape, you feel me? So I was like, my father was on me like, yo Edgar, this shit's gonna happen. You know whether you like it or not. I think it's gonna happen. So we gotta stay ready. We gotta make sure we ready for this. Are you nervous at all? You know? 'cause it's, it's like you said you grew up watching him and, and watching boxing. He was one of the people that you like watching you idolize.


So it's kind of like, as a kid, it's like playing your LeBron or playing your your Jordan. Do do you get nervous for, for playing one of your, your idols fighting one of the idols at all? I wouldn't say nervous. I'm just excited man. Like, I'm not gonna lie, I was like on two hours of sleep the day before yesterday. I was just going, bro. I was in the gym to the track working. My coach was like, yo, bro, you, you ain't take nothing. No you ain't, you, you, you up, bro. Like they was, they was trying to put me to sleep You know what I'm saying? Like, yo, go, go take a nap. You know we only got two hours. We just, we just landed in New York at 10 in the, at 10 in the morning. I was like, well I'm going man. Like that's it. The fight's here man. The fight starts now. You know And, I.


I'm excited man. You know I'm, there's opportunity to make history, man, You, know what I'm saying? And, I'm from New York. Puerto Rican, You know I'm from the trenches and You know a lot of people's depending on me, You know what I'm saying? And through me, people that never made it to that, to that level, I win. They all gonna win. You know this weekend, You know I just came from, from from LA the Crawford fight. And during the fight Turkey ic, his Excellency tur Ella Sheik put out an offer to Canelo for the bud fight. So in other words, they're looking past you, right? Yeah. He's already thinking about Terence Crawford fighting Canelo Ez.


How does that make you feel? I was upset looking at, 'cause they just kept mentioning You. know what I'm saying? And. I'm like, damn, they overlooking me. But You know it was bound to happen. You feel me? Like I feel like now all my life I've been overlooked You. know what I'm saying? Even me, when I turned pro You know all the promoters didn't wanna sign me. Nobody wanted to sign me. They was like, nah, we don't want 'em. Why you think that Is? I have no clue, bro. For real, for real. Like You know, I went to the Olympic trials. I lost. So we, we were supposed to go to Puerto Rico, but I had a, I had an injury. So we was just like, yo, we gonna turn pro. So when we wound up turning pro, no promoters wanted me, but I stood 10 toes down. I told Mark, I told my dad You know.


They was just like, yo, listen, they gonna want you soon. And when I went in the gym, 'cause nobody, nobody wanted to sign me, right? So I was like, okay, copy And, I more. I'm used to this You. know what I'm saying? I'm used to being an underdog. I'm used to being in this position. And what started happening, I started knocking people out in the first round. Mm. So that knockout Streak started that, that right there. 16 first round knockout streak, right? Yeah. So that right there was like the key start to everything. You feel me? Like, I was like, yo, these people out here is really dunking me. They, they, they don't see my worth. They don't see, okay, And, I started pointing people out. Boom, boom, boom, boom. Next thing You know, I got the city shaking. Our promoters is calling us. Did That help or hurt though? The reason I ask is when you knock everybody out in the first round, everybody expects that every fight.


Yeah. So If, you don't, and you take somebody to the distance or you take somebody to the sixth round, they're like, Edgar fell off. He ain't the same. But you can't knock out everybody in the first round. So did that help or hurt? I say it was a gift. It's always a gift. You feel me? 'cause I feel like God, You know God definitely blessed me with his power, you feel me? And his inner strength that I got is crazy. So, but then it You know, I felt like it was a curse a little bit too. 'cause You know people now all they expect is knockouts now. So they don't really look at, they don't wanna look at my boxing skills. They don't wanna look at me boxing and moving around and hitting. Don't get hit no more. You know. They like, ah, this dude's a bum. You feel me? So I had went five straight fights. It was supposed to be four straight fights, but I went five straight fights to distance.


And yo people have been like trashing me bad You know what I'm saying? On social media and shit. But it is a, is a, I say it's a curse, right? 'cause You know you knocking people out and people get used to that. You feel me? People get used to the knockouts, knockouts, knockouts and boxing's not about that. You feel me? Like the first rounds was cool, don't get me wrong 'cause it blew me up quick You know what I'm saying? In two years, next thing You know, I got Lil Wayne on my phone. I, I start, I'm going to Tracy Morgan's crib. You know I built a crazy relationship with him. You feel me? So, and then You know Fat Joe been with me since before all this. So yeah man, like it's crazy. You know Khalid plant. You said you are an unworthy challenger for Canelo. He said you got a weak chin, lack of experience and poor technical boxing skills.


He said you have no experience against genuine world class opposition. And you struggled against the marginal competition that your promoters have carefully selected for you to maintain your unbeaten record. What do you say to that? He's a hater period. He's a guy. He, he had his See You know it was the thing with him, right? And I told him when I seen him, when I seen him in Vegas, I said, yo, I got a lot of respect for you 'cause you been at that level You. know what I'm saying? Even though you lost, but you been at that level. Like you fought Canelo, you fought Benavidez, And, I gotta give you that respect. You got it, you got to that level, you feel me? But I feel like now he clout chasing, you feel me? He's doing a lot of weird shit just to, just to be relevant again. You feel me? Because I feel like, and a lot of people know, dude don't sell.


You feel me? He don't sound unless he he, unless he's fighting a big, a big fighter. You feel me? So I'm like, you a hater bro. 'cause when it was your time Toan, when it was your time to step in that ring with Klo and all these guys, I never bashed you, I never said nothing about you You. know what I'm saying? I let you have your moment, but you ain't take your opportunity. You feel me? You lost, you got knocked out. So how did that in Vegas, I saw you guys going back and forth on a clip that went viral and you say you was giving him respect. So how did it turn into you guys going back and forth? Because what did he say to you? What was his response? Yeah, because yo brought the end of the day. I'm I'm, I'm a dude man, right? Like I'm from, I'm from New York, bro. I'm from the trenches bro. You feel me? So it's different how you come, you going, if if I'm giving you respect, you gonna respect me. You feel me? And I, I gave him that respect, but he just kept going and going and going.


Saying What though? Yo bro, what's up bro? Yo, you gonna gimme that fight yo? I'm like, nah, I'm focusing on September I got Canelo. Oh, so He was talking about wanting fight you not, but But forget about that If. you don't get Canelo. What's up? I'm like, nah, it's not, I'm not even worrying about that. Like I gotta plan a, we sticking with that? Nah, but he just kept going and going. Oh yeah, but what happened with the spawning? He talking about spawning. And I was like 17 years old. So you At 17? Yeah. And I'm like, but what happened in the sixth round? Fucked up. I fucked him up. I fucked you up. And, I, I, I blew you in the sixth round with a body shot. You ran out the ring. Oh, he started, oh. Oh I'm all right. So that's when You know I got on my New York. So I got So 13 years old when you were sparring with him? Yeah. Yeah. He was a pro already. Yeah, he was pro And. I just turned it up on him.


You know what I'm saying? Like if You know that shit went viral, fight Joe call me like, yo, you sound like a real New York nigga man. When you, when you beat somebody in sparring, is that something you can hold over they head until y'all actually get in the ring? Nah, I don't believe in that You. know what I'm saying? I think with sparring and sparring, you feel me? 'cause you have a lot of off days in the gym, you feel me? Like a lot of times, right? Sometimes the day before sparring you probably got two. You do, you did two a day. You feel me? There's a crazy strength conditioning training. Then you did a crazy boxing training, then you got a sparring exit. So sometimes your body be off, you feel me? So I don't really count sparring. Like there's a lot of guys that probably get beat up in sparring and they go fight night and they shine like a star.


Then you got guys that look like Floyd in the gym and they go fight and they tuck they tail and next thing You know you're like, yo, but where those skills at when you was in the gym? And it's because a lot of people can't when when it's that time. You know when you got the lights, you got the ref. When you got thousands and thousands of fans, You know that that that energy that that light gets to people and sometimes it just dims them. Overwhelms Them. Yeah. Yeah. Facts Is is there any constructive criticism to take from something like Khali said? Like when you hear him, when you hear the things that he listed, do you say You know what, maybe I do need to improve on my boxing skills a little bit or maybe I do need You know to, to move my head a little bit more. Like do you listen to any of that? No, I don't know. No.


You talking bullshit. So You know outside of outside of plant that like you, you mentioned the social media, they've been attacking you saying you don't deserve the Canelo fight. You haven't done enough to, to earn that fight. What do you say to to those people that aren't giving you a shot and saying you don't deserve to fight. Even if, even if quote unquote we would, we I would've deserved to fight. They still would've been talking shit. Yo bro, I'm probably like the top. I'm probably like between me, Shakur, Devin, Ryan and who else is out there that and me. It's five of us that everybody hate and boxing. You heard? And they've been like that for a while already. Feel me? And I'm always be like this bro. Like it is always gonna be hate.


What do you think it is about, about you, You guys? Man, I'm humble but You know with me, I'm like, it's 'cause I'm flat. You know we from New York, but that's us. You feel me? Like people get a sense of me like, oh this dude's cocky. Oh this dude wanna wear, they talk about my jewelry, they talk about my watches. This, that, oh yeah, he, but so what bro, that's New York. Like when you come, but people don't understand that. Only people from New York understand that. You feel me? So people from New York, they could be haters but they'll just hate off my boxing career. A lot of people just hate me overall 'cause of my lifestyle. You feel me? So, right. Does it affect you though? Do you read that and be like, I gotta change this or does it bother you at All? Nah, I don't know. Before when it first started I used to, yo I'm not gonna lie, I went through a little depression, bro. I, 'cause I never received crazy backlash like that. You feel me? After the right when I did the Mike Tyson bike.


Right, right on that gudo. Right. And, and they suspended me and then it was just trashing me bro. For like eight months bro. Why was the People that dunno. Yeah. What got into you that night? Nah. So listen, look. So this is what happened, right? The guy, right, first of all, the guy came in overweight, like three pounds. Cool. He came in on, on purpose. He came in overweight, he did some R guard serious shit. Like came in overweight. He ain't wanna lose the weight. It was about to take like 50,000 from his, from his check. He said, yo, the day with for five, yo, if y'all take 50,000 from me, the fight's off. Mm. So whatever. He came overweight. Obviously I made the weight. But Isn't there rules for that? Like If you do, we have to Listen. His coach did an interview after I beat him and said that they, they tactic was to come in three pounds of weight so they don't gotta be weight drained so they could absorb my punches better.


You feel me? So he didn't get fight. He didn't, they didn't take the 50 grand from him. He kept it. No, no, nah. Top ring had to pay me. 'cause if not he they would've, the fight would've been off. It was Puerto Rican Day weekend, You, know what I'm saying? Tickets was sold, it was a sold out event. So they was like, nah, I don't know You know what I'm saying? So for Those that don't know, the money goes to you. Yeah, a thousand percent. And, and then during the fight, so I got this dude on YouTube that's a crazy fan of me. He broke the whole 10 rounds down. But how dirty and Glo was fighting You know what I'm saying? Like he split me open with a elbow. He was throwing shots. Like when he was throwing upper cuts, he was like, You, know what I'm saying? Throwing, hitting me. All I felt was headbutts and elbows the first four rounds, you feel me? So that was already getting me like upset. And then I told the ref before the fight in the back, we was like, yo, listen, this dude's a dirty fighter so you gotta watch it with Headbutts and with elbows.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. But he wasn't You know what I'm saying? He wasn't warn him, warn him or nothing. So it was just off of, I don't know. It was just almost You know, ah, come over here, come. Were you thinking about Tyson when you did it? Yeah. Over There bro. Like Being from New York, you from Brooklyn, right? Yeah. From Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. So you probably was like, oh, I got so Butcher and from Low East Side. Wait, wait. So you wait. So there's no mouthpiece though. You bit it with the mouthpiece. Never bite, But yo for, for we never, we never, we never, we, I never grabbed him. Like you see Mike Tyson went and grabbed Yeah. Mike Tyson and got It. Yeah. I didn't, I never, I never, I think Mike Tyson spin his mouthpiece piece out, Bite him. It was like an attempt. You feel me? But You know I'm most hated so commission.


Oh yeah. You gonna take her. You you need like, I think it was like seven months. Six months. Yeah. Yeah. Six months. And then they charged me like 15,000 for, for whatever. Did you watch the Crawford Maal fight? Yeah. Do you think Crawford can challenge Canelo? Do you think he he can beat him or, or be at that level with Canelo? I think they pushing it. You know I listen man Crawford is a legend, bro. Like I study Crawford so much. 'cause his discipline in that ring is insane You know what I'm saying? And his IQ is even more crazier. You feel me? So I respect Crawford as a fighter a hundred percent. Like he's a legend, you feel me? He's gonna go down as one of the greatest right in the sport of boxing Canelo.


I think they just, they was just overstepping until now. They seen him fight a guy. That's a real 1 54 pounder that's strong. You feel me? And You know he gave him a tough fight. You know. So now everybody's like, oh, whoa, whoa. Oh, but what happened? 'cause everybody probably thought he was gonna knock this dude out You. know what I'm saying? Right. But when you go up in, wait, people gotta understand that those punches are different, man. Like fighters absorbed the, the punches way different. You feel me? You see like guys like Ben Vitas that went up to 75, they fought, he fought that, that Ukrainian dude. It could even buckle him, you feel me? So, But it's not only about weight though. I mean Maal style is a lot different than than Canelo's, right? Boxing is about styles and he's awkward and hard to time.


Canelo doesn't fight like that. Canelo picks his shots and doesn't move his feet as much though. I know. But He, but remember after the fight, he kept saying how strong the guy was. Right? So if he felt he felt like that guy was strong. Just imagine, imagine a guy like us Yeah. Can Strong and he hits harder. A lot Harder. Yeah. You get what I'm saying? So right there, You know. And then You know you notice that he was just like, yo, listen man, like Canelo got a fight coming up. You know. And he want, obviously he just finished fight so he don't even wanna think about a cut Fight. I still like that matchup for Bud though. I think stylistically still a good fight. It's all right bro. We got, we gotta You Know. Yeah, but obviously You know that's down the line for sure. You, you got a big fight with Canelo. Yeah. Stylistically. Why are you better than Canelo Alvarez? I just think right now, right?


Listen, Canelo's, a legend and You know he been in there with the best. You feel me? Like Floyd Triple G three 10. So we would never overlook Canelo and what he does, you feel me? But the thing is right, me, I gotta go in there. I said this before, we gotta be a little crazy You. know what I'm saying? Like yeah, it's Canelo cool, but I feel like it's my time now. You know what I'm saying? And, I got this opportunity for a reason at the right moment. Stylistically I got everything though. I'm bigger, I'm stronger. I could take a punch. And, I'm younger. You know. Canelo has experience over me.


So You know, we know that with this fight, it's all about iq. You feel me? It's not even physical about this fight. I'm strong You know what I'm saying? Like I got that. They, they say I got that country and bunking strength, you feel me? So I know I'm strong. But he fought strong opponents as well. You know he fought Triple G, right? He fought a lot of guys like a point. He fought a big bvo. But with me, it's the IQ that's gonna change the game. You know. And we, we been, that's what we've really been focusing on is IQ in our gym and working on a game plan to execute. 'cause like I said, you can't go in there like a crash dummy with that dude. You feel me? You can't go in in there. You know. That's, I think that's what Moia did. You know. He went in there just throwing punches. You feel me? They take a punch but there was no IQ behind it.


And you a, a fighter like Kane, you gotta make him think You. Know what I'm saying? You gotta make him think before he throws. You gotta make sure that that You know he's gonna come to fight. So a guy like him, you gotta make him think a hundred percent. You feel me? You can't just go in there and just try to think, I, I can't go in there. And, I got bricks in these hands man. Right? If I land, 'cause he got hit, he got hit by Triple G. He got hit by guys that hang all too. Take a punch. Yeah. You feel me? And he got crazy head movements. So You know, like I said, it's his iq, his intelligence. You know it's gonna be an intelligent fight. Crazy thing is if if If you lose quote unquote you were supposed to, but If you win, they'll be like, oh, he was on his way out. So how do you feel like that? Like it feels like you can't win regardless of who of what you do. Yeah. I mean even you said that if I lose, they gonna be, oh he fought.


But I don't even think it's that. Yeah, they gonna still trash me. They still gonna probably put me trying to put me as a meme on, on, on Twitter, on social media. 'cause that's how much hate I receive. You feel me? So I'm just, I'm just absorbing everything. You feel me? Like I'm just staying focused here because this is the most important thing. Your your mind controls everything in your body. You feel me? Your mind tells your body what to do. So if I could keep this intact and I'm keeping my mental sharp and strong You know and getting ready for the fight five, six weeks, seven weeks before the fight here, I'm good to go man. Like I'm a hundred percent Edgar mentally. Yep. Is dangerous. Now Bud had a hit list, right?


A list of everybody that talked negative about him. So when he won he was able to check off the list. Charlemagne was one of them. Do you have that same type of list of everybody that talks smack and be like, when I win I'm going back to check every last person. Oh Yeah, for sure. Man, I got a whole list bro. I probably got like a thousand people. Name A couple. Name a couple that we would know that that's On that list. That's on that list. Yeah, It's more like bloggers and shit You. know what I'm saying? Like people I see on Twitter, right? What about fighters? Fighters, yeah. Obviously Caleb. Plant. Yeah. Caleb. Plant bitch ass. Benavidez Bitch has his father. Morrell.


That's about it. That's David Morrell. Huh? David Morrell you said? Yeah. David Morrell. Yeah. As a fight, as a for the fighters. Yeah. Them right there. That's the only one I really seen. Like, oh, and probably I seen like a little bullshit podcast. Nobody be worrying about him though. But Terence Crawford staple me. He always be chatting, always be talking shit.


It started with a backpack at the 1996 Centennial Olympic Games. A backpack that contained a bomb while the authorities focused on the wrong suspect. A serial bomber planned his next attacks, two abortion clinics and a lesbian bar. But this isn't his story. It's a human story. One that I've become entangled with. I saw as soon as I turned the corner, basically someone bleeding out. The victims of these brutal attacks were left to pick up the pieces, forced to explore the gray areas between right and wrong life and death. Their once ordinary lives and mine changed forever. It Kind of gave me a feeling of, of pending doom. And all the while our country found itself facing down a long and ugly reckoning with a growing threat. Far right, homegrown religious terrorism. Listen to Flashpoint on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This could be the craziest podcast pairing ever. The governor of California, Gavin Newsom and Superbowl Champ, Marshawn Beast Mode Lynch our politician. What is Politicking even mean? There's bridging gaps with no politics Joined by their friend and agent Doug Hendrickson. It's gonna be a wild drive. We can change The World podcast by podcast. Listen to politicking with Gavin Newsom, Marshawn Lynch, and Doug Hendrickson on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search politician and start listening.


In the summer of 2020, in the small mountain town of Idlewild, California, five women disappeared in the span of just a few months. Eventually I found out what happened to the women. All except one, a woman named Lydia Abrams known as dear. Her friends and family ran through endless theories. Was she hurt hiking? Did she run away had she been kidnapped? I'm Lucy Sheriff. I've been reporting this story for four years and I've uncovered a tangled web of manipulation, estranged families and greed. Everyone it seems has a different version of events. Hear the story on Where's Dear my new podcast from Pushkin Industries and iHeartPodcasts, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts,


Yo is Big Bank. Check out my podcast perspective with Bank on the Black Effect podcast network. Each and every Monday perspective with Bank podcast will feature individuals from different backgrounds all walks of life who come together to share their unique perspective and engaging enlightened conversation. But what you think the biggest disconnect between men and women is? I think the biggest disconnect is, is now there is a role reversal. I feel like almost scientifically if, if there's not a, in my opinion, my perspective, a natural order of the man being the head and the one following the relationship will almost always fail. Unlike my work as a music artist and executive, I unlock diverse thought provoking viewpoints and experiences on a wide range perspective that you never knew you needed. But don't women know off the rip before they hit 'em with the okay that this ain't even me once my feeling change. We for our feeling supposed to change at the same time. Yeah, at the same Time. But You know what I'm saying. But you got, they just want a woman period. Every Monday, listen to perspective with Bank on Black Effect Podcast Network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's good, it's Coleen Witt. And Eating While Broke is Back for season three. Brought to you by the Black Effect Podcast Network and iHeartRadio, we're serving up some real stories and life lessons from people like Van Latton. TMZ was starting a tour. Harvey came and took the tour by July. I'm on TV every day. I endear myself to the audience. He comes in, he goes, we're gonna give you a raise. Think maybe a year or two years after that I was a producer DC Young Flight. It wasn't really no way for us to make income off of Vine like that. It was more so notoriety. Once that popped off, it was like people was following it. And I ain't know how big it was. I ain't know people was doing this on they spare time. I was don't do that kids, that's bad. It was, it was crazy that it had to be that real and that Harsh Bone Thugs and Harmony. Our mission was, we was telling everybody in the hood, we finna go meet Eazy-E We about to come back and do a video. Of course we didn't know. So we was lying like a mother. The little Do we know, we speaking reality and we going to come back with a bus and camera crew And many more. They're sharing the dishes that got them through their struggles and the wisdom they gained along the way. We're cooking up something special. So tune in every Thursday, listen to eating while Broke on the Black Effect Podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by State. Farm Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Steven Nelson. Steven Nelson. Yeah, him too. Do PE is it really be Smoke? Is it real smoke between like you and Benavidez? Or is this like, is Boxing Talk Is Boxing Talk, but like, I don't respect You know. I don't respect them. 'cause they, they, they not good people bro. They, they You know what type of people they are. Like I go to you right and I'll be on your shit. Yo my God Charlemagne the best podcast. Oh my God. In The World, you feel me? And then they go behind your back. They'll leave the, they'll leave the room and like, yo fuck this guy. This guy's a piece of shit, bro. This guy's no good. What this guy, his podcast has his shit. That's the type of guy he is. And I ran, I, that happened to me with Def with Davis Pops. After the fight, Canelo fight, I'm walking into the MGM.


Everybody start bombing me in the MGM lobby going crazy. So I look And I see him, I'm like, oh look at his pops right there. So I went to go run down on him. You know, because I already heard him. He was talking, he was talking shit like a couple months back. So I went to go run down on him. He's like, Hey and You know the best guy right here. This is a good fighter right here, man. You know showing, showing up. He started and some, one of the brothers that was out there You know that was recording was like, yo, you was just talking man, shit about this Dude. Man, fuck outta here. And, I. Look, And I was like, sorry man. Like I know he is the type of people he is You know what I'm saying? He, he's, he's, he's a fucking crab bro. Like You know what I'm saying? I'm just holding him like this dude's funny man. But that's the type of people they are too. And I heard him say something like about the fight.


He was like, it's trash or something is a trash ass fight. I'm like, it's a trash ass fight. But if me and you was fighting, it wouldn't be trash. Right? You talking about your last fight? No, no, no. Me getting a Canelo fight. Oh, he was, oh, it was a trash ass fight. So I, I saw You know before, before your last fight, the last fight was a knockout. But before that you had some fights that went to, went, went to distance, won by decision and they were against people who weren't considered elite level fighters. So would you say the competition got tougher or you just weren't on your A game during those fights? Yeah. You know what happened was, right? I got my coach here with me. That started me in the gym. Right? That started me in the, in in the pros, right?


So I'm, it is gonna be, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna break it down short. When I got to the gym, right when I first turned pro, I told my coach I'm gonna knock people out, right? He showed me how to knock people out, started knocking people out. Now me and him split for, for manager You know what I'm saying? For management issues and stuff. So me and him had a split after like my 10th fight. He wasn't done with me building me. You feel me? Like my coach is not, he's not a coach. He's a teacher. And You know he was taught very well from his, from his father You know they from the Bronx. And I was just getting so much seasoned with, with him You, know what I'm saying? With Mark Fray, he was just teaching me and it's just repetition.


Repetition. So when we separated, right, You know I never as the competition kept You know escalating. We never, I never, with the coaches that I had, we never really like broke down everything, you feel me? And be in that gym and, and work on the IQ You. know what I'm saying? And he wasn't a fan of the first round knock. Cause like, he hated that shit. Like he never told me, yo Edgar, you gotta knock this guy in the first round it was like, yo, we gonna do this, we gonna follow this. We gonna set this guy up. Boom. And the knockout come come. If not, you already know what time it is You know what I'm saying? So he was never a big fan of going into the, into the second round. We always broke these guys down the first round. 'cause If, you look at all my fights, it was slip, boom, dropping 'em You.


know what I'm saying? It was a set of punch. So now when I, when we started this, the competition started getting more stiffer, more You know started increasing. I noticed like I was never, like, we was never going back into the drawing balls. Like after the first, when I fought the on, it was like we, we never went back and studied the fight and You know and just build off IQ You. know what I'm saying? And just getting in the gym and working repetition. I feel like it was just always like getting in the gym and just trained, get in the gym, train for a fight You know what I'm saying? It wasn't never like really breaking, breaking it down or really watching opponents and watching what they do and how they fight. How they move and everything. So, So when you fought in Vegas though, when you first that faced that adversity for first time when you got dropped, right?


That's when the, the negativity came. That's when the hate started to come. What, what did you, what did you learn from that fight outside of what you're saying right now? Like, you felt like training, you weren't doing what you had to do, but in the fight facing that adversity for the first time, what, what were you going through at that moment? Fighting went On. I was fighting. I, I tore my bicep in the third round. Throwing the hook to the body would Be anybody who would've quit. Right? Like I felt, I felt the, I would've, I would've taken him off the fight. Yeah. I don't think I would've Taken him. I didn't, I didn't say nothing in the corner. Okay. But You know what, I'll tell you this though, I tell you this, right? So Pops is in the back saying that you broke your arm and he said he would've pulled you if he knew your arm was messed up.


But you didn't say nothing through that whole fight. I didn't. You wanted to finish it Out? I feel like, I'm not gonna lie, I feel like It was a big one. Big, I feel like I Got, I got hit with a bullet bro. Like, I felt like it was like a bullet wound boom. Like when I, when it came out, I felt, I wouldn't say a bullet bullet's crazy, probably like a stab, like somebody stabbed me in my, in my bicep You know what I'm saying? When, when my muscle ripped. And I feel like that changed a lot too. 'cause I broke his audible bone in three places. Like after this fight. You seen him You know what's crazy. They was gonna stop the fight, I think was in the ninth or the, or Yeah, it was in, in the ninth. They was gonna stop it. 'cause You know, You know how it is in boxing. When you break somebody's audible bone, they, they stop the fight quick. They don't stop. You see when Canelo fought the Billy Joe Sounders and he broke his shit, they stopped it.


They stopped it fast. So I was like, damn, And I been broke. His, his his audible bone in, in like the sixth round or something. You know. So they was supposed to stop that fight 'cause the corner was went to Pops And. I was like, yo, it's crazy 'cause You know I faced adversity. I got dropped. It was more like a off balance shot. I wasn't hurt. 'cause when I dropped, when I fell to the fly was tight, I looked up And, I seen the fucking lights. I'm like, what I'm doing here, And I got tight. And I started banging my gloves. But the, the cut man was like, we was gonna stop the fight. But since he caught the drop, they was like, ah, whatever. Like let's go into the 10th round. But one thing I'll tell you, if Mark was with me, if I was with Mark, I would've been 22. Oh with 22 knockouts. A hundred percent guarantee. Wow. A hundred percent. A hundred percent. Did did you grow up watching like Felix Trinidad and Miguel, Miguel Koto?


Nah, Trinidad. Okay. Yeah. Koto. Yeah. Yeah, because You know Koto was, he was coming out, he became a You know Puerto Rican star and stuff. So yeah, I was watching him, but my main guy was You know Trinidad and Floyd. What inspiration did they provide for you? Just how, I loved how You know with Trinidad four. It was like a, a gathering in my, in my crib. You know, like with my grandparents, my mom, my uncles and stuff, we get together. You know they'd be having the beers out with the flag going crazy You know what I'm saying? So me seeing that right there, And, I didn't, and obviously I was like three years old, four years old. So I didn't know I was gonna be a boxer, you feel me? But that's what made me fall in love with boxing was 'cause of him. Speaking of the flag in Puerto Rico, obviously Puerto Rico You know has a big community that are boxing fans, right?


They love boxing. Yeah. Do you take on that pressure, like to be the next star? Because for, for a moment, you were that guy, like you were going to carry that torch, right? And then you started to get that hate and then they started saying, Xander Zia is gonna be the next Puerto Rican star. Then we found out Shakur Stevenson is half Puerto Rican. So then he started waving that flag. Like who is the, the next Puerto Rican star? Puerto Rican. Wow. His father Puerto Rican. Okay. Yeah. So he started wearing the Puerto Rican tr flag on his trunks and all of that. Yeah. You knew that, right? Yeah. Yeah. So, but are, are you still at the, the Puerto Rican top dog? I let the fans You know, like with me, I know in my heart what what it is.


You feel me? I know like in my heart, I know I'm the guy, you feel me? But I let the, I let the, I let the fans like let them You know what I'm saying? Because they the ones that that wanna put that, you feel me? So And I know that I got a, I got a lot of hate. So it is what it is. I'm not gonna change who I am. I'm not gonna change how I dress. I'm not gonna change my appearances to anybody. Feel me? 'cause they want a guy that You know. You see You know what it is. That that's why they hated macho Camacho. C Macho Camacho is from New York. He was from, from Spanish Harlem. And Macho Camacho was You know. Flashy. Flashy dude. You feel me? And I feel like You know my, my coach You know they don't, they don't really like fighters. Like that's that's flashy. You know, they they, they're like a artist. They like, like, like, like Onel or Lu or something.


You feel me? That's, that's buzzed down drippy. But when it comes to Fighter, they want, I don't know, they let guys like with You know with suits on and You know collar shirts and you feel me? But that's not me. I'm from New York. You know, like we, we grew up different. So I'm not gonna change nothing. But You know September 14th is something You know that You know. I go down in history man. When is the last time you've been, this doubted going into a fight ever? Nah, this is the first time. Yeah, The first. This is crazy. Nah, this is crazy. They saying first round, second round Ko David, I taking all this bullshit. Yeah. What Khali said. Yeah, he not making bread. That's why he tight and look, he just, he just fought at 1 75 and went to Distance Clown too.


That's what I'm saying. Everybody always want to talk, talk to You. know You know You know what it is. They've been chasing trying to chase this dude, you feel me? And me. I just had my feet up hands to my back and the fight just came to me for me. And these guys is doing extra shit. Like trying to You know, provoke Carlo, trying to do a lot of things to get this fight. Well boxing is more than just like what the fans wanna see. Obviously there's the Puerto Rican and Mexican. Yeah, yeah. You know that heritage, that rivalry, that that also helped. Would you agree to that? Helped making this fight, made this fight happen. A thousand percent. A hundred? Yeah. Like a hundred percent. Right. You know what I'm saying? I think that had a major play with it. You know I'm a guy right. That I don't have a title right now, but it's like I do have a title.


Feel me? Like my, my status is like if I got a world title You, know what I'm saying? Like the energy, the, the aura, the You know when I walk into any You, know what I'm saying, into fights, they bummed You. know what I'm saying? Like when I went to the Ryan Garcia de Haney fight, I'm in Brooklyn, they had to put security guards like all around me and stuff. 'cause it was just people running over me You know what I'm saying? So that type of energy, you feel me? And I'm a, I'm a ticket seller. Are you still with Matt Shroom? With Eddie Hearn? Yeah. Yeah. So he helped put this fight together? Yeah, but You know it was Keith Conley, my manager, my dad You. know what I'm saying? That got everything put together with PVC. So they were like, Yeah but You know shout out like I always say You know shout out to Eddie man. So they not match is not involved in this fight on the 14th at all?


Yeah, it is all PBC. Okay. Basically You know what I'm saying? But You know, shout out to Eddie, shout out to match him You. know what I'm saying? Like we definitely You know. If it wasn't You know obviously signing with them, we probably would've never got this fight. Got It. How mu how much has your son impacted your life since, since he was born A lot. Man. Like that's my little twin right there. You. know what I'm saying? It happened so quick. Wait. With my girl You know she got pregnant Quick You. know what I'm saying? I seen her and we started vibing now and then three months, You know she came out pregnant. And I was, I was cool with it. Like And I was a guy that I wasn't really into relationships. Oh, three months after into the relationship. Yeah. But it felt like three, four months protect yourself At all times. Nah, no that no, no, no.


That's what the rep say. Take yourself at all times. Nah, but You know how when you find that one is like you feel like you already know. Absolutely Rip and three, four months. It felt like we was together for like Four years. I don't know. I ain't never find that one in three months. But You know what I'm saying? It just felt normal. Like when she came pregnant, if it was another chick, I would've probably would've been like, I would've been going crazy. Like, nah yo man, nah, I don't know man, I'm not ready. But with her was like, it Meant Ready. Yeah. It was meant to be a hundred percent. So you gonna have some more? Yeah, I'm trying to go for the girl this year. Oh this to go for the girl. And how does that influence you when you go into the ring? Like do you I mean, You know my son looks up to me You know what I'm saying? He loves going to the gym with me. You know he love, he does everything I do.


You know. So now it's like I know I'm a role model for him. You feel me? So now I gotta change how I talk, how I act, how I carry myself even more in the ring. You know. I just look at him man. And, I know that You know this is the way I feed him You. know what I'm saying? This is the way I could provide a certain lifestyle for him and put him in the best schools and be able to afford it. You know, I don't want him to be a boxer. I know he's gonna be a superstar. That's why I named him Chosen. But I feel like You know he's gonna be some amazing in this world. And You know he needs a father like me. You know he needs, he needs that bread, he needs that bag behind him to put him in the right places, you feel me? And to, and to take it to that level. So with that being said, You know just me 'cause of that You know. That's why I'm, I feel like I'm more focused than ever too You know, Speaking of bread, obviously this is a big money fight for you, right?


Yeah. But it's one fight. You, you're not comfortable just making this big payday and that's it. 'cause that's what people are saying. Oh Edgar wanted the payday, but If you were to beat Canelo. There's so much money down the line after that. So so you, you're not going in this fight just for the big payday. Nah, Hell you going win couple of payday. That's his pocket going A couple. Yeah bro. Like people be like all paid like listen man, You know how fast You know how fast You know how fast 10 million, 5 million go You know how fast that shit go bro. Y'all know You know what I'm saying? Y'all got Money. We know. I know. Either Don't but You know how Fast money go, right? I heard. I don't know.


We dunno. $10 go pretty fast. 5 million, 10 million know how much that goes, how fast that Goes. But nah, that's true. You know what I'm saying? You know. Money goes, money Goes bro. So it's like got me. Yeah Ty, you gotta You know what I'm saying? So that's You gotta pay for. So does a a fighter go, you normally go home with like half his purse when it's all said and done? Yeah, probably like 60%. Like 60%? Yeah 60% because like boxing, remember like baseball you get a hundred million dollar contract. That's your bro. You feel me? With boxing you got a hundred million. You gotta pay taxes, you gotta pay your trainers, you gotta pay management, you gotta pay your staff. Promoters get a cut. Yeah. Promoters get a cut. You gotta pay your assistant If. you have an assistant, you gotta pay your strength.


Condition and coach. You gotta pay your nutritionist And all your family members asking for money. You know. But You know I take care of my mom and stuff. So You know that's, that's another So You know what I'm saying right there. Plus You know I gotta take care of wifey too. You know. Right. She gotta get, She gotta get the bags, the jewels. Yeah. So And Pops And Pops. You know. I don't even mention Pops 'cause like Pops is like my You, know what I'm saying? It's like my shadow always with you. You know as long as I'm good, he gonna be good. That's right. Have you worked on, what have you worked on to improve your, your, your, your fighting since your since the last few fights? Because it's Canelo, it's a different beast. Yeah, it's different. I don't really wanna talk about it You know what I'm saying? Yeah. That's why I haven't really been posting nothing up. Like on Instagram training and stuff. You know. 'cause we wanna shock The World on, on the 14th. You know I got so much hate.


I got so much haters. I got so much people to prove wrong. And it's my opportunity. You know, God presented an opportunity for us, bro. Like I'm, like I said before, I'm not supposed to be here. You know. So I gotta take this opportunity and just fly with it man and really stamp my name in this sport and make history. So Shock The, World would be in your, in your eyes, ideally knocking Canelo out, Whatever comes You know. I don't really like And. I never did that You know what I'm saying? Like coming and You know, I probably said it You know to people like, I'm gonna knock this nigga the fuck out. But You know it's a different, it's a, it is different You know what I'm saying? And it's always been different. I, I never going in there predicting a knockout. You feel me? I like it to come You know and if it does come, it come. If not then You know we ready to box 12 rounds. I heard You earlier when you was talking about when you and Plant was having a conversation and, and, and he kept asking you to fight and you was like, nah, I gotta plan A, I'm not thinking about plan B.


So even with this fight going, going against Canelo are do you even write down or even consider what happens if I do lose? Nah, that's not on my mind. Like at all. I know. Yo bro, after this fight, listen, September 14th, right? I fight and my coach told me, who do you want to be September 15th when you wake up in that morning after that fight September 15th. When you in your hotel room and you wake up in the morning, 10 in the morning after your fight, who you gonna be? Who you wanna be? You wanna be a superstar, a mega star in a sport. 'cause you beat this guy, it's over like that bag is 40 s You.


know what I'm saying? Sponsorships. That's it. Private everything. Like your lifestyle, your, your, your family's gonna be set up for, for, for the rest of your life. Or you wanna be a guy that, yeah, I just went in there. I fought Klo, You know I got paid. You know I got paid a couple Ms. And You know, so we took a l you feel me? And with that, that shit just scares me. Think about that You. know what I'm saying? Like that's my, that's, that's, that's what keeps me going. You feel me? Like What about Legacy? Legacy like Canelo outside of the money. Canelo, does he still, I heard he was getting stripped of one of the belts or is he still undisputed at 1 68? Does he still hold all the, he got stripped, right? IBF So If, you were to be Canelo. I mean you, you'll be fighting for three straps that he has.


Yeah. Do you want to be undisputed? Like does Legacy, is legacy important to you? Like winning titles in different divisions? Oh, of course You know that's at the end of the day, that's why I've been boxing for 20 years, right? Like the money, the money's gonna come. You know as long as, as long as You know I'm doing the right thing and I'm disciplined in the sport and I'm doing what I have to do in the sport, the money gonna come. Right. Like sponsorship's gonna come endorsement, all that's gonna come. We just gotta focus on the main prize and that's Boxing You know what I'm saying? And winning. As long as we doing that, everything gonna come You. know what I'm saying? And the Legacy You, know what I'm saying? You focus on Legacy. When you focus on legacy, you stamping your last name into the history books of boxing and You know with me, I got a Big Island You know it's small but it's big.


Right? And there's a lot of boxing fans out there. Probably 3 million people on the island and out 3 million. It's probably like 900,000 boxing fans. Right? You know. So You know I gotta go out there. And I gotta put my name. I've been in the sport for 20 years, so I wanna go out there and put my name with the Grace You know when they mentioned Trinidad, when they mentioned Macho Camacho or Fiddle Benitez. Miguel Cota, they gonna mention my last name. They gonna mention me. All right, well the fight is September 14th at the T-Mobile Arena in Vegas. Good luck. Yes indeed, sir. Canelo Alvarez verse Edgar Balanga, we appreciate you for joining us brother.


Back in 96, Atlanta was booming with excitement around hosting the Centennial Olympic games and then a deranged zealot willing to kill for a cause lit a fuse that would change my life and so many others for rippling out for generations. Listen to Flashpoint on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This could be the craziest podcast pairing ever. The governor of California, Gavin Newsom and Superbowl Champ, Marshawn Beast Mode Lynch our politician. What is politicking even mean? There's bridging gaps with no politics Joined by their friend and agent Doug Hendrickson. It's gonna be a wild ride. We can change The World podcast by podcast. Listen to politician with Gavin Newsom, Marshawn Lynch, and Doug Hendrickson on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search politicking and start listening.


In 2020, in a small California mountain town, five women disappeared. I found out what happened to all of them except one, a woman known as Dear whose estate is worth millions of dollars. I'm Lucy Sheriff. Over the past four years, I've spoken with Diaz's family and friends and I've discovered that everyone has a different version of events. Hear the story on Where's Dear Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your Horizons hip play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast, sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts S Sniffy Cruising Confessions. S Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to S Sniffy Cruising Confessions, sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday.


For 10 years, I've been obsessed with one of the most bizarre and audacious cons in rock and roll history. We were all facing 20 years and all that good Stuff. The lead singer tried to pull off an English accent and they went on the road as the zombies. These guys are not gonna get away with it. The zombies are too popular. Listen to the true story of the fake zombies on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.