
Divorce can leave you feeling isolated, like you're stuck on an island with no direction, but you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step, offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com. Because you deserve a better path forward


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


I wanna take a moment to give a shout out to our sponsor. Stand up to all Hate. This one is important to me because, you know, we joke, we debate, we go at each other but hate. That's not it. If you see it, stand up to it because there's no reason to hate use. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools in this fight. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate, speak up and call it out. You can learn more by following at what's Up With Hate on Instagram and TikTok.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious Charlamagne ne guy. We are The Breakfast Club Law Lars here as well. We got a special guest in the building. We have comedian Ryan Davis. Welcome brother. What's Up man? Now Donelle Rawlins is filling into here. You know, Charlemagne's out. Jess is out. So Donelle is, is is one of our family members. Extended family members don't Expect me to do no booty drops or none of that type of stuff. Be no booty jokes. He's here. Crazy. But how are you feeling first and foremost? I'm feeling good man. I'm feeling good. Your new special Underrated is is out right now. Yeah, man. And it's a, it's a story. You put it together for people that don't know.


Explain how you, you started to do this on your own. You, you shopped it around and yeah. You couldn't get a deal. Nah, I shopped it around. It's, it's funny too, whenever you, 'cause I, I mentioned Netflix immediately when I said, oh, Netflix didn't take it. People go, you know, there's other places I don't think they understand how shopping around goes. Right. You shop it everywhere, you know, I just mentioned Netflix, but it was held for like five months or it was in their hands for like five months. And then eventually they said, you know, no, they passed on it. And by that time, you know, yeah, Donella tell you man, some material has like shelf life. Yeah, yeah. And chef. But what, what I wanna say, this is what people don't understand, like Robbie p Praw.


Robbie Praw is the big exec over at Netflix. And even for years I've been in his presence. I don't wanna make this interview by myself, but we shared the same career paths And I asked him one time, I said, what do I have to do to give myself a better position for, you know what I know people ask him all the time, what about a Netflix special? And he said, Darnell, you one of the funniest comics that I know I respect you, but you have to understand, we tell people no all day. And that's what people understand. You see people that on Netflix, but it's a lot of deserving people. But for some reason it might not have been the time, it might not have been the thing. They might have needed something from the alphabet commu somebody from the alphabet community that year, whatever. But one what I could say, And I, I had a proud moment.


I slipped on your page when you took matters into your own hand. And one of the things I, And I appreciate about you, a lot of people in this business, they talk shit. They won't put their money where their mouth is and they won't bet on themselves. So when I saw you that testimony and you broke it down, this nigga went analytical. Yeah. He had, so what did pie charts and everything? No say numbers you spent, how much, well how much did you shoot? How much did you, did it take you to shoot? It cost me about one 50. 'cause you know, when you choose certain venues and then you have to address the venue. I had to paint the stage. It was several cameras, you know, you gotta get the jib, you gotta get the everything. Like I had to pay for everything out of pocket. So, So when you go to these places like Netflix and all these other places that said no, which made you decide to do it on your own, did they tell you why?


No. Or they just like, damn. So you have no clue why And they didn't spin the block once you did that breakdown online where you showed those numbers A day? No, so many. And that was the thing. It, it went so crazy because it was, it was shared hundreds of thousands of times. So like my dms were crazy and there was a lot of people reaching out who have platforms and things of that nature. But I couldn't see it all. Or even entertainment. Plus I've already told millions of people where I'm gonna put it and what I'm gonna do with it. You know? And to the people who were reaching out, you know, with these platforms, you know, I appreciate it. But at also at this time, this is a great time to reach out to other comedians. 'cause there's a lot of comedians that have my story.


You know, at this point you should, you should put out that you're willing to bring comedians to your platform and give them a space to, to share their art. You know what, Emini here, that's what I wanted. I wanted, you know, whenever I put it out to inspire other people to put their money where their mouth is. Yeah, Yeah. But they're not gonna do it. A lot of people talk a lot of shit. And at the end of the day, like we, we are in a better position. When I first started it was only like A-B-C-C-B-S-N-B-C. And the ultimate platform for specials was the HBO. Right? It wasn't a million things. So there are avenues, but if, you know, in this, in this business, Netflix probably is the most prestigious, the one that people gravitate to the most.


Like this is the platform to say this is one of the greats. Right. And even if, even if you do find another home for it, I know it's something to be said about a Netflix special I think you're deserving interesting to me is Underrated. Why did you choose to name your special Underrated? I think that is, And if you're just joining us, Ryan Davis is here, Donella is filling in for Charlamagne, and Darnell is on his journalist tip period Because He just brought that in real Easy. Real easy. Yeah. I think Underrated describes kind of what my journey is right now in standup. You know what Emini here, I think amongst my peers, they know how I get down on stage. But I think the general public, we have gotten to a point where the skill of standup isn't really celebrated as much as the popularity of an individual.


And I, I wanted to highlight that when it comes to the standup space, you know, I think I'm one of the best out here, like one of the top ones. And I don't want, and whenever I think I'm critic, anytime I'm criticized, it's based off of social media content. Oh. I don't think, you know, he may be this because of the, I've seen clips of something instead of the actual thing that I do. So that's why I went with Underrated. Because Let me ask you do, is Netflix the goal and what Emini here by that is like when you, when you play basketball, the goal is NBA, when you play football, the goal is NFL. You know, when you do something, the goal might be, you know, to own a Ferrari is as a comedian, is the goal Netflix?


I don't think so. I think, I think Netflix put themselves in position with the deals that they did. You know, with Dave and Chris and, and Kevin when they started handing out 20 million, you know, they had surpassed HBO at that point. Gotcha. And then it had been a while since you saw a HBO special. And then that person went on to like incredible success. And that's been the story for a lot of people that you know have been on Netflix. So I think Netflix had surpassed, you know, HBO as far as being a launching pad. So that, you know, I think any creative keeps their, you know, ear to the street and eyes on what's going on.


So you have somebody like Sebastian Maniscalco who he wasn't relatively known like that and he did his, his Netflix special, now he does Madison Square Garden. So, you know, you see stuff like that and you don't see it on other platforms. It makes you go, okay, now I see the influence that Netflix has And I kind of want that launching pad. That's how you think of it. I think that's what made Netflix appear to be the top one. When you say, when you say Underrated, is that your observation or is that the observation from your fans and people that have been following your journey who's saying you're Underrated? You or this the people that you wanna reach out to? Nah, I think that's what I've viewed over the years. I don I don't even think, I think over the years I've seen that people don't even think I'm as successful as I am.


I think it's, I think the narrative on me is that I'm still like, trying to figure it out. That I'm still trying to figure it out or I'm up and coming and I've been like, How successful are you? I'll say the first time I ever saw you, I think it was at, I, I think it was at maybe Chocolate Suns or Laughing Chocolate Sundays Together. Yeah. And I was like, 'cause you, this is the thing, you know my skillset, I come and eat shit up. Right? Yeah. Did you come behind me? I had, I closed. You host It. Yeah. And I was, when I left up, I was like, oh, all right. Do what you gotta do. Yeah. It what it was. And And I don't have a problem with that. Yeah. And like the thing that I, you didn't get rattled. You know what Emini here, you getting rattled. And when I say even when I watch the clips and sweat your composure, you know what I'm saying?


Your timing, you know, and then when I saw you, when I first time I saw you, it's so hard to say somebody's original. I was like, this motherfucker's original, his point of view. He's not talking about everything these motherfuckers talked about. And then when I watch you, I say, guess what? This motherfucker can entertain black, white, Asian or whatever. And that's a point. How do you, do you feel sometimes because you have the crossover ability that people don't connect with your blackness? Man, you know, that you, you deal with that. I'm asking you the question. So these people Know No, it's, it's true. But to but to add on what, what he said he's right.


Right. And the reason I say that is, is I know you as a comedian, but to me it doesn't stand out as it should. Yeah. He's a little different because he's been coming on The Breakfast Club for years. So we poke at that. We make fun of him. But for you, I didn't see it the same. Almost like a, a Hannibal Burris. Right. Where he's huge, but not in our community for se you know what, Emini here. So, so how, how do you deal with that and, and how, how come that is, But that's why I lead the Underrated. And I'm gonna tell you, I'm not gonna act like that's not bothersome to to be Underrated amongst the people. You feel like you relate to the most Black people. Yeah, because I was gonna ask you like, 'cause you said Underrated, people look at you like you still up and coming, like you're not successful.


Like when I say I was gonna ask you how successful you are, but I don't mean for you to like name every accolade Emini here. Where do you think your level of success ranks and like, what is success to you? Because if you can put out 150 k real easy for a special Right. A lot of people don't got 150 K in cash to just be like, yo, I need to shoot this. Yeah. So you you're doing something somewhere. I'm, I'm doing all right. So yeah, I'm doing all right. But that's also because of my fans. I, I went straight to my fans. This Patreon that I'm doing is not new. And I, you know, I don't do the whole flashy thing. I, I'm all about, you know, if my fans believe in me enough to give me money, then I'm going to in return give them a product.


So the special came from that. Me and my, my partner Austin Hall, my business partner Austin Hall, we did a movie. You know, you succeeded, you successful. When you say my business partner, of course you say my nigga My business partner. Yeah. Like we, we doing a movie. Even the, the money that's made from this special is go, I'm gonna shoot my second one this year. You know, it, it's all about giving the people, if they're willing to invest in me, then I'm willing to give them the product that they paid for. Why do you, why don't you think you connect to the, the, the black community as you should? Like I think that the black audience has been trained to gravitate towards certain type of stuff.


Like what? You know, And I'll, we call it dick and pussy jokes continue. All Righty. So Wait For real. Nah. 'cause I think, I think what happens is we have been trained over the years to do what's, what's the move? Like, what's the popular thing to do? Like everybody's gonna be there. So I'm a go, you know what, Emini here instead of, I don't think a lot of people are willing to stand on, I like this person. So I'll go, even if the building is empty, you know, they'd rather be a part of something bigger. People love to be a part of something. And I think if I don't, I don't create that fear of missing out like a lot of people do.


You know, I, I'll sell out a show And I won't show anybody. So there's, so the narrative is the thought that I don't sell out shows. And I always thought that was weird. And then some, like, I remember seeing comments when I would promote shows. They were like, I don't know if the shows sell out, then I might have to pull up. And I'm like, why? Would that be the reason to pull up the reason Pull up. Yeah, yeah. Into a show. It stuff like that always, you know, I think we're always because we're the coolest, you know, kids that we're always looking for the coolest people to follow. And comedy ain't about cool it, it's about funny, you know. And I think once we get back to that, you know, celebrating the skill and the, you know, the actual talent, then, you know, comedy will be back in a, in a good place.


But I don't, I really, I really believe this. It's people like yourself, right? I've been doing it long to you, but I it's people like yourself that I really appreciate. And I really believe that sometime I think will the artist stand up, fade away. You know what Emini here because it's so easy to get caught up in, you know, the crowd work, comics it works from and everything. And you're like, this is this going to oversaturate the market and this is what, what's gonna be the norm? Then I, it's kind of refreshing when I see people like yourself, I'm like, you know what, there will be people that save this art form. And it's interesting 'cause I've heard Underrated come to me. I just really, really believe Ryan. It's is just a timing thing. Yeah. You know what I'm saying?


I think for you, I think all the things you expect you're gonna get, okay, maybe not happen this year, but the trajectory on the discipline you have the work as have, it's inevitable that everything you think you should get out of it. I think. Definitely. And I think the people that follow, you know, that, I'm Gonna be honest with you man, I really didn't have expectations when I went online to just share my story or whatever. I was like, oh, my fans will see this. But then it ended up getting like 8 million views across platforms. I didn't, that wasn't what I expected. I expected, I was like, yeah, I'm just, I hope to get my money back. That's what you Yeah. I don I want people to see it. I hope to get my money back. But I al but I worked really hard on this project man.


Like whenever I went to shoot it, my father had been diagnosed with cancer. Sorry. Yeah. Okay. Wait a minute. I had to stop this right now. Wait A second, wait a second. I'm just, they laugh. I knew he was gonna say that we don't take you serious and you know that talking about his father disrespect. I don remember, see I just to My dad passed away about a year ago And I had a box of what, why nigga you laughing The fuck Up nigga, what's going on son? Isn't that one of the most memorable clips for him? Yeah, I told you No, But I'm just saying you didn't laugh. You just an Endear story.


Son. Your father was diagnosed with cancer too, Man. Not that, but it was just an emotional part. Okay, go ahead. So your father was, I'm sorry to hear that. Yes. I'm sorry to hear that. Alright. But I appreciate your empathy brother. Thank you. So He, it was, and my mom, him and my mom, they had never even been on a plane before. Mm. And they got on a plane to go to Chicago for my special. Wow. Yeah. That was a huge deal. A lot of like, I've like my entire siblings, like all of my siblings, I'm gonna eight, like everybody got out to support it. You know, to see that type of, you know, belief from my family man really meant a lot to me.


And you know, like I said, the success that I don't talk about, like I bought my, the house that I was raised in Mm. From my parents and then, and then, you know, gave my dad the deed on like Father's day and just being able to do that stuff. But I think that stuff isn't necessarily cool. It is Cool. What? No, no, no. That's so Cool's. Just fly as hell. It is, but it's not, it's not what we celebrate as much. It seems like, I Don't you following it who following you? No, no, no, no, no. I'm not saying it's not celebrated. That's what we call generational wealth and the fact that To do that for your parents. See I like stuff like that because it encourages more people to do more of that.


Right. And you know, the reason I, I talk about a lot of this stuff, especially when it comes to generational wealth, is a lot of times we like to show success from the car we drive and and the jewelry we have and the watches. And I'm guilty of it as well sometimes too. But also I like to make sure that my kids' colleges are paid for. Yeah. That, that my kids start off with, you know, my daughter graduated from college And I was able to buy her a home, her first home. So she starts at zero. You know, the fact that paid for my parents' crib. Those are, those are the fly things to me. Those are Fly The fly. The Louis Vuitton shirt that you got on is cool, but those are the fly things and it's, that's what makes me be like, yo, that Brother's a good brother. It's like yeah, how emotional. I, I can only imagine my mom is stage four cancer survivor.


So I can only imagine how emotional it was for you having your dad be there and like, 'cause it's such a, people don't understand unless you been through a cancer battle of like how it weighs on you and how strenuous it is. But to be able to bring laughter during that time. Yeah, I know that had to be emotional for you. No, it Was huge. It was huge. And my father man, he's super proud. Like I'll never, I'll never forget that. How's he doing now? Ah, He's see proud black man. He won't tell you. He won't tell you. We never know how this nigga's doing. You know, we're like, Hey can you give us an update? Oh no, everything's cool. So we never know. You just have to gauge how it looks. Where were you?


And you said you, you are one of eight kids. Yeah. Middle. Where were You? You the middle? Yeah, middle child. I was the middle of seventh. So, so half of 'em support you, half of 'em don't fuck with you. Nah. So, so I, I could did That. My family actually didn't know how successful I was. Really? Yeah. When did they find out? They went like one when they went to the special and saw like I sold out the House of Blues multiple shows and they were like, what? And, and then So You really don't f with your siblings then? No. I know we get in group chat every day. We just don't talk about money. We don't talk about any of, none of that matters. Oh, that changed? Yeah. Nah, it doesn't. Oh it changed Christmas time late. No, we, we've done secret Santa every year and they know whoever You're Spending the limit still To sing.


Yeah. Nah, they know whoever get Ryan is gonna Yeah. They know, they know what time it is. So, but they didn't like I I, I did a show at in Virginia Beach. I did a weekend. I sold out the whole weekend and my older brother was there and he was like, man, all these people here, they probably gonna become fans of yours after this. I was like, they all paid to see me. They already fans. Damn. He was Like, people come to see you like that. And I was like, bro. And I'm talking about this is, I've been touring like yearly since like 2016. This is like 2023. He like lot of going to Vy point. A lot of times people don't acknowledge nothing but the flash.


Yeah. You know what I'm saying? That's all that's, that's what I'm talking about. It's not that people don't appreciate substance. They do. But the audience that appreciates substance I think is a much smaller group than, And I think it's by design. You know what Emini here, I'm not saying that, you know, something is wrong with our people. It's just people love, like when I grew up, MTV cribs was a thing Right. For a reason. Life before that Lifestyles of the rich and famous was a thing for a reason. People want to attach themselves to maybe a life they can't see. And if you look regular to people, they don't gravitate to it as much. I think that's probably the better way to put it. Well I, I I think that's re relevant in our community, you know what I'm saying?


Yes. And it's, it is different. There is a difference man. But, but like I say, to be able to be able to pull an audience, the black side and the white side and don't lose anything. Like some people when they do this shit like you, like, oh when he in front of a white audience, he's this way. When he's from a black audience, he's that way. But Ron has the ability, like, it doesn't matter. You don't see, I know it sounds crazy. I'm saying the same thing. You don't see color, you just see a person as a storyteller that's got the wit hitting you with some stuff. It just, it's a totally different vibe. And it's, it's intentional. I'm be honest with you man, I didn't even know before I, I went to Canada to do a run of shows.


I didn't know my perspective was so black, like African American, black until I went to Canada and ain't no niggas there, there's black people there, but we ain't there. And my perspective was so Black American, I was losing the audience And I was like, I didn't realize that my perspective was so limited. So I started to work on broadening my perspective. 'cause I, I don't wanna leave anybody. Like if I, if you can't follow the joke, I want it to be because you stupid, not because I left you out culturally. Right, right. That all that comes with experience. Like me coming from DC I had a very, very, very strong southern accent And I had to work on DC Ain't in the south.


We, if people, we we, we call that country. We still from DC to New York. I sound the country as a motherfucker. Oh yeah, no you do. Yeah. And I had to work on my diction 'cause I got tired of motherfuckers saying, what did you Just say? So I had to work on that, you know. So how, how important you think that is for you to be able to connect all across the board? It, nah, it's really important. I think I have like control issues. I wanna be understood. If you don't laugh at something I say because you think it's not funny, I can deal with that. But if there's, if I feel like I didn't communicate it correctly, then you know that's gonna bother me. Mm. And then I want to, I wanna fix that.


Like, I don't know, that's just always, that's a thing in my personal life too. Do You remember your worst show? You ever, you ever got booed? Like you remember your worst show? Nah, I've never been booed. I'll always, I'll always remember my worst show though. Worst show. What was your worst show? I invited a crush of mine to the show. She sat front row And I bombed right in front of her and damn. Yeah. I don't think I've seen her since. You haven't Seen her since? How long ago was this? It wasn't that long ago. Like 10 years. Damn. Who was it? Who was it? Like sometimes Who was the girl? No, no, no, no. My brain is somewhere else. I always ask this question when someone thinks about doing comedy, who was it? Was it somebody in your family or life that said you have to do it?


Stop making me laugh. You gotta do it. No, because my humor is a little different And I love the art of comedy. You know, being funny in a space versus being funny on stage is two different skill sets. Right. You there's so much thoughtfulness to being funny on stage. He don't understand that because You So disrespectful. He sure interrupt, but go ahead. He Don't get it. He be trying to throw anything at anybody on stage. I think, you know, whenever you're, whenever you're in a space with many people, a conversation is usually already happening. So the connection is already there. So you all, whatever you're gonna say in that moment is relevant to the conversation.


Right. When you're on stage, you're creating the conversation and the relevancy and it's your job to communicate it in a way that makes them laugh. Right? So the idea of just being funny in your day to day and that's going to carry over. You know, everybody that's a, that's a gift. Very few have, Donelle is funny like that Carlos Miller is funny like that. But there is not, there's not a lot of people who are so funny that it can translate like that. I've seen Donnell walk into the audience. What Emini here. Just guy. They need that connection. Yeah. He force the connection of one. You right. Yo you don't, you don't understand what I'm saying. Right.


Yo. And then he'll put he'll like it's, it's insane. But Lemme but let me ask you, you know, with so many comedians supporting you right? If you listen, like, you know, I heard Kevin Hart and and Charlemagne do the interview and I've heard Kevin support you, you know, support you I guess verbally, do you feel like there should be more support with comedians where they actually help because they have other opportunities Because you know, we all see what's going on with Netflix and some of those other things. Yeah. Which, which are, But they do. They do. I think the conversations aren't had a lot. But Dave Chappelle, whenever I put it out or whatever, he text me, he's told me before, you know, if I need anything I can reach out.


When we did, when 50 was opening, he did the big show down in Louisiana. Shreveport. Yeah. She the Shreveport. I was like literally in Dave's green room and he told 50, if you working on something comedy or whatever, this is one of the better comedy writers of today. You need to book him to do something. Wow. Those things do happen, you know? I like Have you written on shows? No. No. So whenever a time came for me to write on a show, Aaron Magruder actually had reached out to, because they were working on something And I was like, man, the opportunity to work with the creator of Boondocks would've been crazy but it got shelved so I didn't get the opportunity.


But yeah. Nah man. So Comedians are are reaching out and Yeah Like I like so with my special, I got it as a one time buy because Patreon is subscription based And I don't want nobody to feel obligated to stay. But the people who get the subscription, you also get my talk show slash podcast is coming. Kevin Hart's gonna be on that. Wow. Charlamagne's gonna be on that Jill Scott method. Man. A lot of, there's a lot of support from entertainers and they agreed to this before that video even came out. You know what, Emini here and within the industry there's always a lot of support and people, but a lot of us artists aren't decision makers. So they're like, what can I do to, you know what Emini here, they can use their popularity and their platform to draw more attention to you.


But at the end of the day it's still on the decision makers to make that decision. Gotcha. And I'm like, well the decision makers didn't pick me but the people did. So let me do, I'll put my own money up to give the people what they've been asking for. And you know what, with that attitude, it's a slow grind but it's still a grind. You know what I'm saying? It's like you can, it's easy for you be like this, oh I'm gonna do, this is gonna blow. But I think the path that you're doing, how you're doing, building relationships with some of the top people, being respected and being funny, like I say the the success, whatever success you, it's already my opinion. It's already mapped out. It's going to happen. You just gotta stay the course and it's going to, everything's gonna fall into place. Yeah. I think you know what story Because I don't laugh at No, I'm telling you son, it's so hard for me to laugh at a motherfucker And I didn't wanna laugh.


Right. I'm like this mo but it was just like I man it was just a seeing you perform. It was a breath of fresh air. Man, man. Especially from seeing so much garbage and like right now, the biggest thing now, And I'm not knocking anybody doing the crowd work, but I remember when I first started that wasn't respected. Yeah. That side of comedy, it was like I did 45 minutes. Yeah. But you did 30 minutes worth of crowd work. Yeah. But now it's, it's a different thing And it's hard. It's so refreshing to see somebody like yourself. 'cause it's easy. You can't tell these younger guys, they have to follow it. You can't tell them to work on their craft. Because it used to be if you wanted pussy, if you wanted money off of this, guess what you had to do?


You had to be Good. You had to be good. Now you don't gotta be good. They giving money, money be popular. They getting the accolades, they're getting the money before they good. And it's hard to tell a motherfucker you should work on this. We was like, you know, I just made 300,000 on Instagram. Yeah. It's, they don't have that. They don't have the thing to make them want to be better. And that Was, I didn't wanna fall into that. I didn't wanna fall into that. Like I even monetized my social media late. I remember a lot of people like, you're not monetizing, you're just missing out on money. I was like, I don't want that to be my motivation. Until you get That first check, you'd be like, oh Is this easy? Nah. Yeah. When you get, when the, the money that come from social media is dumb. It, it's really dumb. But I didn't want that to be, I wanted to be one of the best And I didn't want, I'm gonna tell you the story that bothers me so much is the Bernie Mac story of why he like, he doesn't have that hour special because he was at a time where you had to be picked.


Yeah. And they wouldn't pick him even though he was so popular amongst us that he would sell out theaters and that other comedians, like when we, when you, you can look at Def Comedy Jam, comic View, bad boys of comedy comedians are doing impressions of Denzel Washington and Bernie Mack. Denzel Washington was our biggest star. And the other recognizable voice within our community that people wanted to do the most was Bernie Mack. And he still wasn't picked. It took him dominating on Kings of Comedy, which he wasn't considered the guy, you know, industry-wise before he really got.


And I just like, I wish that he had the opportunity to self-produce. 'cause that one standup is really all, most people have. But his path, I'm not exactly the same, but it's some similarities. Like even with the testimony you did was like this. Okay, how come what he did was eventually he, he showed you the numbers.


Divorce can leave you feeling isolated like you're stuck on an island with no direction. But you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com because you deserve a better path forward.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career, maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, add to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Yeah. He showed em numbers. This is this, this is this. How does that translate? And somebody finally, they got, I think I forgot who the showrunner, he finally connected with the right crew and then they saw it and he basically was like this, this is what I've been trying to tell you motherfuckers for. Yeah. But I think He feels like, like correct me if I'm wrong, all of that fight shouldn't have happened because from the minute that he hit the mic, we knew he was the guy. And you actually had a quote. I wanted to actually, if you still felt this way, you said Fame hasn't cared about talent for a while now. For A while now. And I don't, but this is the funny part. They moved the goalpost. What you mean they moved the goalposts fame hasn't cared about talent for a while. So, but now they don't even give opportunities to the famous, so it's like, like what do you do?


Like you can be really like what are they looking for? Are they searching for anything? 'cause you can go, I'm really like, I'm really skilled, I'm really talented. Are you got Nah, we're not giving it to that right now. And he was like, this person has a bigger follower than you. We'll give it to you. Well this person has a bigger follower than them. Yeah. We're not doing followings right now. It's like, it's like, what is the criteria I would look, I'll do, I'll do the work necessary to let me know where the, I think that's one of the most difficult things just for us within this space is if you set a criteria, we'll hit it.


But when there's no criteria, now you, you have us like waiting on you to make a decision on us. And once I realized that, I was like, I'm not, I'm not waiting on nobody no more. No You And why about with you and Kevin Durant. Why are you, and why did Kevin Durant got got upset with you? Oh, Kevin Durant. So Kevin Durant loves to go back and forth with people on social media and you know, we had a difference of opinion and I'm cool with difference of opinion. What was the difference of opinion on he said D he said offense wins championships. Which is not a saying has never been a saying in any sport. It was usually defensive. Yeah.


And that's what we disagreed. And then he called me a trash comedian and that's when I knew he wasn't familiar with my work. Damn. This is what I'm talking about. It's certain words. That's the N word in comedy. Yeah it is. Like it don't, ma, it's hard to go back. He could have said Trash anything horny. Yeah. Whack. Those are fighting words in the, in The World of comedy. You roasted 'em man. Trash is horrible. Trash is trash. Trash, trash. That's how my whole day went. Like if you like, you know people now, they set up they tripod, you see they show with how they do their day. Yeah. If that, if th had done that, all you would've saw is me like sitting at a table trash this. He call me trash. But not only everywhere I'm going When you know in the car but when you know.


But you know you're not funny. That's What But that's Where I said but if you know you funny though, it's like yeah, but That's why I think, I think he didn't know. You felt like he ain and you said you had to Yeah, I had to show him. I Oh he don't know And I, let me let show you something. I'm just saying I like to, lemme shout up something tight. I like that. But the thing is like Y asked me about that. Why do you take it so personal? It is the trigger trash Courtney and Whack. When, when Kramer went off at the Laugh frac that year and he just was flowing. Oh the N word. Yeah. Yeah. You know what triggered him? Somebody's yelled out. You ain't funny. That's like what the fuck you talking about?


And especially when you know, you know you're not trash. Why comedians so sensitive Comedian comedians lemme you something to sensitive people. Y'all, y'all roast people. Y'all ignore when everybody else is. You gotta remember Erica Baus said it best. Keep in mind I'm an artist and I'm sensitive about my shit. But Y'all thought so many shots though. So I feel like shots y'all removed from sensitivities at a certain point. First off, I'm not, I don't feel like I was sensitive in that moment. I kept it basketball. I talked about basketball and that. He said I was a trash comedian. He said that he made it personal. I would, I kept it basketball but I was like, since we want to get personal, You wanna be fine.


You wanna be, yeah, you wanna step in the my arena, let's, let's see how you fair. I can't beat you in basketball but I promise you I'm way better at this than you Are. And envy, like you say, well you, you put it in one song. Certain comics aren't like you. Like y'all fuck with everybody like your style. He is not a style of comic that's going to be like trying to roast. Yeah, I don't roast like that. Some people it's Own response for me. You got certain Michael Blackson, perfect example. Michael Blackson And I love him. He's a provocateur. He's gonna push the button, he's gonna cross that line. But it's like a person like Ryan, a person like myself that don't cross the line when people come at 'em like that. It is, I know it's easy. Say why y'all take person because this is our shit man.


Yeah. And and this is the crazy part when they say people take shots, Michael Blackton is a good example. Michael Blackton is roasting you with love. I can run into him in the airport. He is like, what you doing in here? You ugly nigga. Right, right, right. And then be like, yo, we about to go to Ghana in a couple months. You know what Emini here let me know if you've available. I'm gonna fly you out. I'm gonna show you some stuff where I come from. I'm like in Africa, you know what Emini here, that ain't somebody who hates you. Right. He just, he just loves to save You out to Mike Black. Yeah, I had him on my podcast and it is so funny. A lot of people don't know like what he did in regard to his His village. His village. Yeah. During that school. And I was like, why aren't I know you look at him, you and he talk trash. But I'm like, why isn't this being celebrated?


And a lot of people, And I post a lot of people. That's What I'm saying. Didn't even know about it. Yeah. Maybe. I don't know. I think people just look at, 'cause I know what you're talking about, but like when you got, y'all are like, we look to you guys for relief a little bit. Yeah. And I know you talked, there was a sit down that you did where you talked about how comedy, especially black comedy is kind of like the relief for a lot of like traumas and different things. And when I watched that I was like, okay, I kind of get what he's saying. And maybe that's why I don't see, like for me, I look at you as like, okay, you're the funny guy. So when you're being upset about something, it's like why you upset? You the funny guy. Or when you're responding it's like, no, you the funny guy just be funny. But it's like you're our relief. So it's like, it's hard for us to see y'all as anything but that sometimes. And That's messed up that y'all don't see us as people.


Smokey Robinson, people say I'm the life of the party 'cause I tell a joke or two, but take a good look in my face and you see I'm frowning. We as comics, as much as someone going to the show is therapeutic for them, it's therapeutic for us. And the best comics are the ones that whatever they're dealing with in life, they know how to go up, go on stage and talk about the things that's troubling them. Right. On my special, I talk about, I talk about my relationship. I have a fractured relationship with my mother. I talk about that. I talk about that must've been difficult To Do that in front of her. Oh what? Like she, she had something to say but she was there, she supported. So I always love her for that. What does Fractured relationship Mean? Whenever, especially in our community, the woman, the matriarch of the family, you know, she can do no wrong at times and then she does do wrong.


You gotta have that grace. You don't ever disconnect from your mother. And I made the decision not to really speak to my mother for several years. Wow. Oh that's tough. Yeah. And I talk about that in the set. You know what Emini here, the mother of my children almost died. You know, carrying our children. I talk about that. I talk about, that's what I'm saying. I I, I turn those, those things in the levity. I talk about race, I talk about political correctness, I talk about relationships. I talk about everything because there aren't spaces for that. I talk about suicide, I talk about And I think people don't realize. 'cause if you don't go to my shows, you don't know there they've been, there've been many black men who walk up to me and go, you know, I have a kind of a fractured relationship with my mother and there's no space for us.


Nobody's talking about what it is to be a black man in that space. To, to look at the woman who created you and not feel the connection. That's the person we want, the love us the most. You know the people who don't feel that love, where do they go for levity? And that's what I try to provide. But do You give a grace? Right? No, I give her grace. Okay. The reason I say that is, is you know, we came up in an era where, you know, especially black families, it was mind your business a kid stay in a kid's place. Yeah. And they didn't show emotion. They didn't talk about their bills, they didn't talk about none of that. You had to figure it out when you figured it out. Right. So you have to give her that. Like, my, my kids are differently. Like they know everything that's going on. They know when daddy got a bad day, daddy having a good day.


They know when daddy get a big check. When daddy ain't got no check. They know everything because we are more, I would think we are younger parents and we're more relatable. So I As long as you're giving your mom. No, I had to give her grace because my mom's super young. My mom had me as a teenager And I wasn't even a first child. Mm. So, you know, understanding I had my first child at 26 And I wasn't ready. So having my third one at like 17, you know, I couldn't even imagine what, you know, she never had a chance to become an adult before she started raising children of her own. And then Was Your mother, was your mother trafficked? No, she was married. Okay. No, I'm the real only reason I say that. Well, I was on stage the other day And I, through a stage I realized that my father trafficked my mother.


What, what is happening? I, another story. I'm so sorry. What did You wanna talk about? Yes. Sorry. Your business Like, nah, whenever Not your mom got trafficked. Pun nanny. Tell us about it. No, I'm, I'm this is your show so No. So, but your mother had three children by the age of 17. Four by 19. Wow. Four By 19. Yeah. So Was your father a lot older? Was It one of the He's older. Yeah. Yeah, he's older. I talk about that in the special. What Was that dynamic like for you though? Just because Emini here, the relationship ended up fractured, but like coming up and your mom is growing up with you with three other kids, four other kids. It Almost like, that was your sister, wasn't it really Like your mom? Nah, Because you see her as mom. That's mom. 'cause she, we weren't raised like she's, we weren't raised by grandma.


Like my parents were married. They raised us together. It wasn't until you get to like, you get to become an adult. Like I'm 38. My mom was 38 when I was 21. That's crazy. And I had older siblings. That's crazy. That's crazy. That's when I started to see how young she was before it was always, that's my mom. What was the club? And actually see your mom in the club. Yeah. I Man, listen. Did That happen? Huh? No, she Wasn't much of a clubber. Oh, okay. Yeah. But she, my mom is, And I, And I deal with it is so funny 'cause now because I didn't deal with the stuff that she dealt with, it's like I'm more mature than her now because she never got a chance to mature.


Right. She had to be that mom, 14-year-old girl and then turned mom and then never really got the chance to grow herself. 'cause she had to focus on everybody else. And, and at times now I feel like I'm older than her. When She came and saw you, was that her first time hearing the jokes about y'all relationship? Yeah. Yeah. But I've talked about our relationship on podcasts And I never said what exactly it was or whatever she did because it was, you know, that's between us. But the thing is, she won't admit to it. And there'll be people who watch this who know what I'm talking about. When you confront your parents about what it is or what trauma they brought to you or what they did or, and it's not that you're saying you're a bad parent, this is my experience of you.


And then the first thing they'll say is, oh, so I was the worst parent ever. No, I wouldn't be here if you were a bad parent. I wouldn't, I wouldn't purchase the home and give you that. You know, if I thought you were a bad parent, I wouldn't praise you the way I do. If you were a bad parent, this is where I feel like something went wrong in my development And I just want you to see what's happening to me. I'm coming to you because I'm trusting you. This is still me being vulnerable with you. They can't register it like that. They think you're taking A shot. You Do. They think taking a shot. I have a daughter. How does that affect the relationship that, that you had, did you have with your mother?


How does that affect the relationship and you raising your daughter? So my, I have a, a 10-year-old daughter, 7-year-old son. So what I realized is because my parents wasn't affectionate And I felt like I turned out okay that there was no need to give my children that kind of affection. You know, I didn't, I didn't deem affection necessary. Well you know what, in the Korean culture, because I was stationed there, that's Korean fathers, they have no emotional connection with their kid. Their only responsibility is to provide and protect. Yeah. All that. I love you and everything. They are Korean fathers are the toughest fathers. They have period. Yeah. And I, I was, I was really like that my son, you know, he's very affectionate, he's very sensitive and things like that.


And I was just be like, toughen up, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. But I'm like, he's going to, the person he believes will protect him and he trusting with these emotions and I'm sitting here going, get over it. Mm. I ain't even realizing what I'm doing to him. I'm drawing a line of disconnecting with him. He doesn't feel safe around me. Now Do, is that because of the relationship you have with your father? Is that passed on? The generations not, You know. Oh man, my father was my dad. Oh my God. If you have older parents, your parents still here. You might have seen this from your father. You have a father. My Father's dead envy. Yeah, man, I'm sorry to hear that. Yeah, yeah. Dad, I love you. See you. When I get back to Charlotte, I so my dad, oh, Y'all flexing.


Got your fathers all in your life. Nah, It's not a flex man. It is, It is. It's a good flex. It it's my Love Dad. Yeah. It's not a flex. So I I'm happy for you. You ain't hear this one say it either. You ain't hear this one say It either. Emini here, my dad halfway and halfway out. It depend on the day. Yeah. So, so, so he alive. Yeah. So He stop rubbing at this. So my dad, he wasn't very affectionate And I, and you get older and you realize, you know, I remember how my grandmother was And I was like, oh he probably didn't get a whole lot of affection either. But my dad is super affectionate now. Mm. He says, I love you all the time. He calls to see how you doing, he cares and all that stuff.


He a completely different nigga than the nigga I grew up with. Yep. And that took a while for me to get used to. Like, he would go, you know, he would say I love you over the phone and I'd be like, everything okay, we good? Something to, yeah. I never heard my father say that. Yeah. Ah, man. Yeah. My father, I used to go, I love, he'd be like, gone. Yeah. My dad was, he didn't do, he didn't do it like that. But now I'm so, like, I, I kiss my son and my daughter every time I see him hug him every time. We can't get off the, you gotta, we gotta exchange our love use or it's not. So it's up to you to change it. It's up to you to recognize these things.


'cause your, your parents did the best they could. Right. Whether you believe it or not. Even if you like, well, they could have done better what they couldn't see. How many of us actually see the things that we do that we're messing up Somebody from somebody has to tell you. Usually somebody has to tell you how they're experiencing you. You don't get to tell people how they should experience you. Absolutely. Well, How do you want your kids to see you? Oh, I want my kids. I want my kids to respect me And I want my kids to be proud and they're not, they're not proud of me. You Gotta do the animation. Yeah. Yo, I'm telling you, I don't know, once you voice something, not yet anytime, But no one else say they'll be proud.


They'll be proud in, in the next couple of years. Right. And I'm gonna tell you why. Similar to you, my kids, they know, they hear me on the radio, but they don't know what it is. They don't know what it is. When people take pictures, they like, that's just dad still not popping to them. But when they see me on TikTok, So I'm the man, you dead. I seen you On TikTok today. Especially you hit the for you page. Yes. But, but but it be with other people though. I seen you with Drew Ski. I be like, you ain't see me though. But I see. But like when they see me on TikTok and the Man, yo, when Kevin Hart was on here and he said my name, I showed my son and he said, why does he know you? Oh, I was like, he was like, but he said Casana Casana is cool.


And, and like I, when I had done, I had done TV, movies and stuff like that. I'll put it on the TV screen. It didn't mean nothing to them. They saw I had a large following on YouTube. They were like, oh, my dad is really somebody. He on YouTube with a lot of followers. It was sold for me when I did this character on Soul. My son was like, 'cause the characters made it to, and that's how he got to get McDonald's Happy Meals every week. Because that was the joy thing. He was like, my dad was in Soul. He And I remember when, when the Happy Meal discontinued, he said, dad, I got a Happy Meal today And I, And I wasn't really happy. You not happy no more. He was like, you not there no more. Then that's when he went back to not fucking with me. Yeah. Before y'all get outta here, this is, I'm changing gears real quick 'cause I really wanna hear y'all opinion on this.


So I was just, this is breaking right now, not breaking, but a lot of outlets are picking this up right now. Eddie Murphy, he's a part of the no Call Sheet documentary or number one on the call sheet documentary. And he talks about Sidney Poitier telling him to not do dramatic roles in movies and to lead that up to like the denzels and things of that nature. I want, I just wanna hear how y'all feel about that, just hearing it And I can give y'all more context if y'all Need it. Well, my personal opinion on it, if someone tells me what I can't do or shouldn't do, that's gonna put the pack on me to wanna do it. And especially you can't, I understand Sidney partiers thing on that, but you never know like how Eddie wanted to start, you know what Emini here comedy might have been a thing that he connected with, but at the same time he might've been wanting to be considered a more dramatic actor, more opposed to like a comedian actor, Dery.


I think if he takes that advice, we don't get Jimmy early from Dreamgirls and what a shame that would've been. You see what I'm saying? Like you can, you can respect the greatest who ever do it, but just because they're one of the greatest to ever do it doesn't mean that they won't set limitations on you and it's on you to not listen to those limitations. Thank god Eddie Murphy didn't listen to that. I love that. You know what Emini here, that, that's my first thought is, you know, and Eddie Murphy to me is the greatest talent to ever live. I've never seen anybody more talented than that in all facets too. That's what I'm saying. I've never seen Beverly Hills', Cobb Coming, coming to America.


He said He turned down that they were putting together a Malcolm X, he plays guitar and he turned it down because he had basically had been in conversation for, and he was talking to INE and was like, Hey, what do you think about this? And after that advice, he was like, it probably won't do it. Yep. And, and that was, and that's, and but I think when people try to set limitations on you, they're thinking about their own as great as Sidney Poitier is, he probably was thinking about, he probably thought that there were you. You can't imagine, I don't think people can imagine a person like Eddie Murphy. Eddie Murphy is unimaginably talented. He's literally a parrot. He can, he can mimic anybody's voice, he can mimic people's singing voice.


But then he's talented within his own right. Like his standup is magnificent. His movies or blockbusters Saturday Night Live, he showed you I can dominate sketch comedy and, and do that animation. He's mohu in Mulan. He's Donkey and Shrek. There's no avenue that he has not dominated. He has hit records. Right. Like yeah, I understand telling somebody to be, you know, realistic, I guess that's what, you know, maybe Sidney Poitier was thinking, but Eddie Murphy doesn't fall into that. Neither does Jamie Fox. I don't think a guy like DC Young Fly falls into that category is some people in this world who is just so multifaceted and multi-talented that you actually limit the gift they could have given to The World when you tell them to stay in their lane.


Got you. He said that Sydnee said to him, you're a breath of fresh air and don't f with that. Yeah. And then also that's a matter of opinion too. And I don't think that you have to subscribe to that. That's a matter of opinion. Yeah, No, I think, I think it was, it was done. And I, I think he was looking out for him. I, I don't think people realize how, how close you are from a bad movie from being forgotten or a bad performance from being forgotten. It happens. You know, I think also you gotta think about in Sidney's time, he couldn't take a risk on a roll and 'cause if it didn't happen, it was, it wasn't a space for him to come back from that. It's not like Sydnee did an open mic and bombed.


Right. You Got Boo Dad. So you gotta, but I don't think, like even Kevin Hart came up here and said the exact opposite. You know, when he was talking to my generation of comics, he was like, don't make your main thing your only thing. Right. You know, so that's, I just think that's the evolution That resonated with that part resonated with me. That was like loud and clear. That was Clear. I texted him after that. I was like, thank you for that. That was, Yeah. That was something that so many pe and there's so many different lanes. There's so many other avenues That's right. That you can do. I remember one time, remember when they used to do the mix type mix tape awards? Yep. I remember the, and you know, those crowds used to be rowdy as hell and run run DMC, he run Emini here.


Those mix tape awards. They'd be like, yo, fuck you get outta here. I never seen nobody when he went on stage, he commanded that audience. They got completely quiet. Then he was talking about hip hop and he was like, hip hop is not just about being an mc. Hiphop is creating fashion. You have hip hop lawyers and everyth. They don't just limit it to just music happen. Just the mc DJ that's behind the scenes. And I remember one time there was a quote from Method Man. Method man said, I'm tired of being a chump in the front. I wanna be the Mac in the back. Mm. And when Kevin said that, it kind of, all of those things resonated on what you can do in his business. And I hope whenever you know, me putting my money behind my own projects And I will do that for the rest of my career.


Whether anybody chooses me or not, I'm gonna always work toward my passion. And I'm not gonna let anybody slam the door on my, on my dreams. But I want to inspire my peers to do the same. Not just do the same in their own career, but come do it with me. That's right. Let's go, let's go make some stuff together. You got something you passionate about. Let's put our money together, let's get it done. Let's, let's just get it done. You know, easier In our community. Easier said than Done. I'm gonna tell you why. It's easier said than done in our community. Black people love credit. They love credit. Like, like you said, method Man said he want to be the Mac in the back.


Not a lot of us want to be the Mac in the back. Right. Like me, if I did a movie about my life story, people would expect me to play myself. Right. What if there's a better actor than me for this role? Right. I'll move out the way a lot of us won't move out of the way because we won't credit, we rather our face be on the front of it than giving people the best product possible. And that, that comes from, I believe just we go through life in our community without getting the credit we deserve. So whenever we get the opportunity to get it, we want all of it. And we can't move like that whenever we're wanting to be creative.


So I, I just hope that this inspires people to go look for. And It definitely Will. Yeah. Go look at the audience, go look for people you, 'cause you, when you think about it, some of the most popular people don't even do standup. The people you deal upon, if you really want to enjoy standup comedy, they're people. Ali Sadik is killing it. You know what Emini here and you know, you got people like Naem Lin, you got me. You know, even even and All those people been up here by the way. Yeah. And you just gotta, you gotta go search it. It, because they're not like in music, they used to have artists development. They, we don't have that no more. So it's up to the audience to go find us.


But what can they find you? How, where can they find your Comedy Special, Underrated. If they wanna see it, pay for It, man. You go to, you can go to my Instagram. Right. But you go to Patreon, type in Ryan Davis. It'll, it'll come up. Just go to Patreon, type in Ryan Davis, it'll come up. And if you Wanna see him live, he's performing at the Gramercy Theater on April 12th In here in New York. That's Right. And we appreciate you for joining us and thank you Donelle for sitting. Dude. Darnell's actually gonna be at the city winery this weekend. So I appreciate both of you brothers man. Thank you. Thanks. And thank you for Darnell for staying. 'cause Charlamagne and Jess were out today. Ubstance. Yeah. But can I add one thing because I don't even think Darnell even remembers, but when we did, we did the Laugh Factory, he was hosting, I wanted the close shout out to Lonnie.


Lonnie is a tough judge of comedy. Oh My God. We had so many beats back in the day. But we good now. Yeah. She loves you. And and that was the thing, she was like, I need somebody to close. I was like, I can close. She was like, I don't know about that. And then I was like, nah, let me, let me do it. And then I got there and Darnell was hosting. I was like, oh, that's probably why she didn't. So, but the show, it was like me, Darnell, miss Pat, JJ Williamson. Yeah, Sean Jones. It was, it was like they were bringing it and then I did the first show and the second show when Darnell brought me up, he said, there's some people in this game that people don't know. They're like, you don't know who they are one day.


And then the next day they're one of the biggest comedians. I think this guy might be one of them. Wow. You probably don't even remember. But that's how he brought me up. And I was like, all right. I proved to Darnell that I'm supposed to be, well I'm telling, it was like for me because it's again, what year was that? Maybe two, three years ago. Not too long ago. Yeah. That stuck with you. Yeah, that stuck With me. You know, 'cause I'd like whatever people wanna say up there, I know talent when, when I see it. Right. And that room Emini here, the thing that impressed me the most, people could go up there and they could have a good set, but it's the way he did it, the subject matter. And you could tell it was somebody that didn't do the easy route. It's like, this is who I am. And the level of confidence. I was like, that's a bad motherfucker. And I've seen people, they're going in these spots and they feel like they gotta perform a certain way.


They've seen this guy do that, that works for him. But the shit was so original. That's why when you say Underrated, I'm like, well, who's rating you? Well they don't, they don't know. Right. That's what I'm saying. They, they want me being Underrated speaks to, if I was rated properly, they would talk like you talk. Right. Yeah. Well definitely go check it out for yourself so you can see the brother Ryan Davis. And again, thank you for joining us this morning And thank you for having Me man. Darnell. Thank you brother. Yes sir. And you see Darnell. We ain't make no booty jokes today. Nothing. Nothing. We left the hall alone. If y'all see the N NFL uncomfortable. Dang. I got, I missed the booty joke. No, no. Nevermind. Nevermind. Go Interrupt Ryan Davis, it's The Breakfast Club.


Good morning. Thank you Donelle. Wake That ass up In The morning. The Breakfast


Club Divorce can leave you feeling isolated like you're stuck on an island with no direction. But you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step-by-step, offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com. Because you deserve a better path forward


Life is an act of constant reinvention. That's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.