
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


I wanna Take a moment to give a shout out to our sponsor. Stand up to all Hate. This one is important to me because, you know, we joke, we debate, we go at each other but hate. That's not it. If you see it, stand up to it because there's no reason to hate use. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools in this fight. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate, speak up and call it out. You can learn more by following at what's up with hate on Instagram. And TikTok


at t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity you depend on deals you want in service, you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Check out Pluto TV's The Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent, both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series. Like Tyler Perry's Sisters in Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet of phone, all for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream Now Pay Neville. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. EJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special, well we had a special guest in the building. Just one is just running a little late. The first special guest we have is Anthony Anderson. Welcome brother. What's going on baby? How you feel? I'm good. I'm good. All right. Marsay Martin was supposed to be here, but you say you blame yourself for her Not being there. You know it, it's my fault that she has become the star that she is And I don't blame her, but she, she, she Hollywood today. She know, she knew we had to start this at nine 15 and it is now. What, what, what, what time is it? 9 31. She's 16 minutes late. When y'all are filming together. 'cause y'all are in the New Movie together.


G 20. G 20. Yeah. When, when y'all filming together, how do you get out of the rhythm and mind state of, of Blackish? Because y'all did that for so long. Yeah. Yeah. You know what? That that was something that we never really discussed while we were on set. You know, Viola, you know, requested me to be her husband and then they were looking for someone to play our child or children And I told them to hire Marsa and never once did Marsa And I discuss the rhythm that we have had. 'cause we have a great shorthand with one another for eight years and 175 episodes of Blackish. Mm. But, you know, I made it, I wanted to make sure that no one confused that or saw us falling to that pattern just as actors and, and knowing someone the the way that we do.


And I hope we didn't. Did you guys, you guys see the movie yet? I seen some of it. Seen it. Okay. Yeah, they seen some Of it. I, I, I don't, I don't think we did. You know, and that's something that we never discussed with one another, but it's something that we talked about, you know, since we've been out doing press and people ask us that question, Lemme ask you a question as, as a actor. Right. Do you like when interviewers watched the movie beforehand? Because I feel like sometimes I, I try to watch bits and pieces, but I don't try to watch the whole thing. 'cause I feel like I get a whole movie away. Yeah. Ruins it before it comes out. Ruins it. That's you, that's you ruining. Yes. You Probably couldn't keep a motherfucking secret. Exactly. You be, you Be the nigga that's snitching on everybody in the neighborhood Definitely is like, ah, don't let that nigga watch the movie first because you want to talk to the person about what you saw.


Yeah. Yeah. No, actually, that way You have context and, you know, we can talk about this. It just like, yo, and when this, so yeah. I, I like it when, when, when they do, that way we can have an informed conversation about the work that we did and all that. And then you can talk about like, yo, you was whacking this. And I was like, okay, cool. Nah, he don't want to do that. Nah, be honest. Why not? I used to, I used to do that. Yeah. That's the Charlemagne of God that I know. Yeah. But I don't like doing that. No, because I don no, I don't wanna mess up nobody money. 'cause I know how hard it is to get these movies made. Right. And so at least I like the movie to live a few weeks. I No, before you should. Oh, I, I Didn't say shit on the movie. I Just say you knew maybe, Maybe a senior or two before because I didn't just Just Say Shit on the movie, y'all man, I just, yo got When you did this, man.


I didn't believe that. I wasn't a Believ. But when you got, when you got your ass Kicked, I Oh, that was got got you, got you got, you got got I I I'm sorry. I was gonna say I wanted to go back to Black-ish. Right? I know we talk about it a bunch of times, but why don't you think they make more, I would guess sitcoms like that. Like, you know, growing up I had, you know, different World Cosby show, but my kids had Blackish. Yeah. Why don't you think they make more sitcoms like that? Because they do. Well They, They they do. I don't know man. You know, when Kenya And I looked at the landscape of television, you know, at the time before we created Blackish, we looked at what was missing from television for us and we missed shows like the Cosby Show, we missed a different world.


We missed shows. Just even going further back, you know, good times. The Jeffersons all in the family shows Matters. Yeah. Shows That have points of view and, and characters that were irreverent and, and that, you know, you knew where you stood with them and honesty and authenticity. You just can't make that up. You know what I'm saying? What what we did with Blackish was our life. It was me and Kenya. We sat down and we talked. She's here ladies and gentlemen, she's Here. Hello. She's here. How are you? Good morning. I oh my God, it was worth the wait. Good morning. Good morning. Morning. It was worth the wait. I, I'm Gonna be honest with you. He was just talking shit about you.


He Definitely was. She knows I'm aware. She knows Baby. And I told him I created this monster And I I'm gonna tell you what happened before you walked in. Back up for a second. Back up for a second. Just back up four second. I was here talking and Jess realized and like she ain't here, she just threw your motherfucking mic down. Just like that. Hold on. When, when, when we Sure you can use that Excuse Jess. When you watching it, you gonna see her just slam your mic down as I was saying that you're not here. She slammed that shit down. Baby girl. Don't Believe that. See it. I gotta put it back. You see it? No. Hold on, hold on. Oh, there we go. You see it? Yeah. No, that's good.


You good boo? Yeah. Okay. Okay. You Walked into the right time because Anthony was answering the question he didn't want to answer anyway. He Can't be hiding now. Go Shit down. Okay. Go where you are. You talking about Blackish? No, it's just landscape of television. You know, tho those things, you know, just can't be created out of thin air and it's just about us telling our authentic stories and, and, and that's what it was. That that's how it was born. We would all love to see shows in that vein. We would all love to see shows like Blackish and, and, and my wife and kids and Bernie Mack and, and all those shows that I talked about. But you know, they, they come once in a lifetime. I shouldn't say once in a lifetime, you know, once in a, in a generation or whatnot when it's something as great as that because when we, our show was like a breakthrough and it allowed other shows to happen.


You know, you know, fresh off the boat, you know, Chinese ish. Yeah, yeah. Right. You know what Chinese, I've never heard of that. You know, Carmichael show, you know what I'm saying? Not, not, not that it was us that created that, but it was us that created that avenue for other networks. It was like, oh, this is working over there for them. We need our own version of that. And, and that, and, and, and that's, that's how it happens, man. But you have to have authentic stories and you know, with people that people wanna watch and see on television. Right. Both of you and Viola play ex-military in this Yes. Film. When she calls you, you say, okay, I gotta get in some type of shape because I know Viola gonna be in shape.


You knew he wasn't in shape before. Disrespect viol action Figure. I tried. Did you train? Didn't trained at all. Trained for What? You read the script. I got my ass kicked. I was like, I ain't gotta trained for that. But No, no. I, I, I, I, you know, I thought I was, I I thought I was in decent shape to, to portray whatever it is that, that they needed me to do in, in this film. And it was, it was cool. It was great. But yeah, when you get a call from not just Viola Davis. Viola is an ego man. Emini here, you know, when when somebody likes that, like that requests you, you know, you have to show up and show out and, And I believe that's what we all did. Marsai included. Yeah. How was it shooting in South Africa? Because y'all, it y'all were in Cape Town, right?


How was that? Yeah, It was beautiful. I loved it. It was my first time in Africa as a whole. Yeah, you're welcome. Yeah, it was, you're welcome. He like your real dad word. Alright. It was, it Was new. It was very new to me And I, I enjoyed every, every minute of it. And we got to experience it from any different points of view. Literally we got in and it was winter there and summer here, right? Yeah. Yeah. And On the other side of the hemisphere. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So that was a lot. We got to experience like the South African wind storms that they be having, which I had no idea was a thing.


And then we went on strike, then we came back and it was summer there in winter here. So how did That affect the continuity of what y'all were doing? The film? I don't think it was that bad. You didn't even notice? Honestly, it wasn't, it lasted a few months, but it, it wasn't bad. It wasn't bad. Yeah. Yeah. We didn't have to reshoot anything. You know, we, we were able to stop at a, at a, at a great place in the film and come back and, and pick up what we left off. Definitely. And it was up to us, you know, as actors and whatnot to be professional. It was like, all right, well I, I can't go back to eating the donuts. You know, I, I gotta, I gotta be straight, I gotta keep this right. Right. And I'm gonna say, how's it dealing with Anthony? 'cause he's, he's been in your life for so long. Right? And this is when you are a lot younger.


You're 20 years old now. How is it dealing with, I've been through this before. I played these before. Emini here gonna all up. Just be honest. Just go talk to him. Just talk to him. Don't worry about it. Talk to listen. Speak from the heart. Speak from the heart. Speak from The heart. He's always a will forever be like my bonus dad. I love him so much. He's, he's seen me from ever since, basically I came out the wound to now, so it's Not that far back. Emini here I was Your Real daddy had something to do with that. Yeah, I, well, I was eight. Okay. I was Eight. Yeah, That's true.


So it, it's been a minute. And Emini here it was, it was so much fun. And honestly it was filming once again. It just was like picking up where we left off. So, Yeah. But I, I wanna say this about Marsai. Marsai came in and auditioned for Blackish at eight years old. Yeah. I witnessed her greatness. Everything that The World is seeing right now. I witnessed this at eight And I pulled her aside And I told her this and, and, and this is where she is. And I also told her that one day I'm gonna be coming to her and begging for a job. So I just need you to remember this moment right here. So when I come to you, you got my back. And she was like, I got you. Yeah. You feel like you had a childhood marse?


Yes. Oh, oh, for sure. Emini here. It, it looks different for many people. Emini here. I feel like everyone has a childhood. It just looks, it just looks different for me. It was just, I, I've always, even before the show, I grew up around so many adults in my life. I grew up with my grandma, my great-grandma, and like everybody in the house. So, And I was an only child for most of my life. So, jumping into a show that was basically the same thing. Emini here it was, it was nothing new. She had an old soul. My nickname, my nickname for Marsai is Lil Coretta. I gave, I gave her that name at eight years old. Little Coretta Coretta. Yeah. She embodies all of that. Yeah. That, that's little Coretta right there. For sure. Now you promised her a call when she turned 16.


Was that true? This Emini here. Everybody wanna talk about that? And I was, I was curious. I just wanna know you followed through. I did. Oh, you followed through. I didn't follow. No, I promised you call. How old is Oh, I 20, right? I'm 20. Oh. So she need 4, 5, 4 years. But, but first off, she ain't got a driver's license. Okay. I was, I'm a responsible parent. I was gonna say that. I'm a responsible parent. He didn't know that for a minute though. He just didn't, he didn't. You Don't think I keep in contact with your mama and your daddy for in real life? I talked to them, But still they ain't, they ain't like, oh, Marsa got a license. But do you have a license? I don't See that's why you ain't grown. There you go. They grown-ish. Hold on. You ain't, I do, I do have a car though. But she, she doesn't just have a car. She has a vehicle. I have Mm, I have a car.


I have. Okay. But my, I have a Nice, when you ain't got stop, why you telling them what you got? Just, I just, I I have something I The World don't even know. She has license. She has a luxury vehicle with, no, not even a license. She ain't even got a driver's permit. Okay. Just have a driver. You know, we call that, we call that nigga ish. Have you met her real mama daddy? You mean to meet Carol and John? Right on point. Listen, listen, it's, it's there. Whenever, whenever I decide to take that, I, I definitely said I wanted to get it before I turned 21. I like, And I can't be, I can't be legal in these spaces and not You be Really dirty.


You've been in these streets for a while. And, and, and I'm glad she no longer wants the car that she asked me for. So I'm good. I'm off the hook. Oh yeah. No. What kind of car? She, she wanted a purple electric car. I'm not gonna mention the name, but she wanted a purple electric car. Oh, purple electric car. And I was gonna get it for too, I went shopping. No, I literally, I went to the, I went to the electric car place and, and built it for her and all that. Dang. Dang. That's funny. Yeah, I did. Yeah. Nah, what do You have now? I have a luxury vehicle. I was gonna say, I, I take fossil fuel, sir. A lot of it to get from point A to point BI have a black many like sports. Stop. Stop. Why? Stop. It's cute. I know it's cute. The other details. But they don't need the S Right.


He really isn't. They don't need. Okay, go. So tell us about G 20. Talk about that gwa you got, since we talking about g I know that G 20 because I got gimme five. That's right. Tell G tell him it's bulletproof. Like, like the president's beast. Like your mama's car. Tell Miss Bulletproof G 20 is got run flat tires us each G Let's promote. Let's promote. Okay. Oh, I thought we were promoting promoting your, your G wagon. No, let's talk about this movie. G 20. Yeah. You start that starts streaming globally Tomorrow. Yeah. Tomorrow. Yeah. Or yeah, April 10th. Yeah. Globally, we just don't make regional movies. We make global movies. Right. Baby Girl, I wanted to ask you about that, Anthony.


'cause I feel like your international presence has grown tremendously. Have you been intentional about that? Always been intentional about that, man. And, and you know what, it started when, when I started making movies with Jet Lee 20 some odd years ago. You know, the first one was Romeo Must Die. And that really was just on a global scale. And, and then to be able to work with some of the people that I've worked with in almost 30 years, man, you know, with Eddie Murphy, Martin Lawrence, Jim Carrey, the Farley Brothers, Martin Scorsese, you know, and just people like that. It just continues to grow and, and get bigger. Yeah. So it, it's, it's it really been intentional and it is also intentional to move away from the comedy at one point to do more dramatic roles.


So I wouldn't just be typecast as just a fat, funny dude. It was like, no, this is what I do. I've been training at this since I was nine years old. So let me really show you my range and what I can do. Yeah. And so we were, I was able to do that by doing shows like Law and Order and the Shield and movies like Hustle and Flow and The Departed and things like that. All of those were strategic moves. Yeah. And speaking of range, how was it seeing Viola Davis in her action Hack? She's a hack. Hack. What Is Hack? She's S that real action Emini Here. It's An act. No, no. It's definitely not an hack. Let me tell You. No, I said she's a hack. No, I didn't say it's an And I heard you.


I tried to act like I didn't. No, no. They were like, she's an act. I just can't hear real. I didn't know what you said. No, it was, it was, it Was amazing. You've seen Viola cry on screen. Snot bubbles. You know, I'm That we ain't even made a joke about her and her snot bubbles and tears on Blackish. It was, it was great to, to beautiful work. You know, she, we don't talk About viola sn bubble enough. That was like Denzel's glory Tip. Yeah. Yeah. That, yeah. Oh my God. That was, no, but working with Viola was, was was a dream come true. And Emini here she look man, she's an E ego. Yeah. Yeah. It's there, there are only about 18 OTTs in The World. Hmm. And, you know, we got to work with one in, in a very special way.


Yeah. How did that make you step your acting game up? Musty Emini here. Whew. Emini here. Obviously when you, you jump into something unprepared, you just, you just kind of wanna, honestly, in that set, it was the most comfortable set to be in, especially with something that was so challenging and so different. But what I loved about Viola is she is she, she's feels like a family member already. Yeah. Mar going tell the truth. Tell The World how you made Viola work in the scenes that you was in with her. What do you mean? Tell him how you made her work. Uhoh. Tell her, tell him how you made Viola David step her game up. No, listen. That's why Mar I was late. This Is why Marse was late. She said, that's what I'm saying.


I'm dealing with this now. Tell the truth. Tell the truth. Shame and Devil Marse. No Emini here. You would be sitting here if you didn't make an E Gott work and be like, Ooh, I got ooh Chad. Anyways. Yes. See, they ain't, they ain't seen the movie yet. Little Coretta. And when they seen they was at Oh, it was right. It was great because she made viola work in them scenes. When, when you see, when you see the film and you see the, the character arc that my character goes through within her relationship with her mother, it's, it's a story that I wanted to tell for a very long time. Gotcha. And to be able to have that dynamic. You your nail color again. This is the fourth nail color in four days.


No, it's not. No, it's okay. I'm sorry. Go on. Finish your story. Go on. I, I just, I love them. Yes. Yeah. So it, it was, it was very special to be able to tell that story with Miss Viola Emini here. It was, it was really special. And I know, oh, now you want show Respect And I Said Miss Viola. Yeah. Okay. I'm just saying, I'm saying if Miss Viola was here doing this interview, you wouldn't have showed up 17 minutes late. It's all good. That's what I'm saying. We in, we in New York. Okay. Okay. What that mean? I didn't go to sleep last night. It's a lot of traffic. Why did you go to sleep? Because I was outside. You was outside. I was outside. Oh, Anthony, you Outside


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information seen Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah. Don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details


Before we get back to it. I wanna take a second for our sponsor. Stand up to all the hate now. You know, we joke, we debate, we even push buttons sometimes. But spreading the hate, that's never the right move. There's a difference between keeping it real and just being reckless. Let's do better respect each other and leave the hate out of it. There's no reason to hate even in my household. I have six kids And I don't let my children use the word hate. There's no reason to hate on anybody. It's always better to uplift, empower, and make sure that we support. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to all hate. If you see someone getting hate, speak up and call it out. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools there is in this fight. And you can learn more by following at what's up with Hate.


Or show your support by posting the Blue square emoji and using the hashtag, staying Up To All Hate On Instagram and TikTok,


check Out Pluto TV's The Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent, both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series. Like Tyler Perry's Sisters in Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet or phone. All for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream Now pay Neva. I'm Outside. My pickup this morning was 6 45 for Good Morning America. My driver pulled up. I was walking into the hotel. You are Also, you are also a man who just puts a, an outfit on. I got, I got like I understand. Hair, makeup, hair. You know what it is? You What? It's, This is your first Of day saying, is this the last movie that you're gonna do? Not at all. Listen, Seem I Right now? Not at all. I'm used to this. I'm used to. She ain't New Press around, but no Emini here. Honestly, we, we know what the mother and daughter dynamic looks like for many, many people. Emini here. I I go through it with my mom. My mom went through it with her mom.


So to be able to tell that grounded story within this action packed world and Emini here, the super high stakes with your mother being the president. Emini here. It's, it's, it's very, it's a very special thing to tell. Yeah. Just I have a question for you. I'm sorry. What's that? How old is your oldest child? You, you? 12. 12. Yes. Its a son, right? Yep. How was that dynamic with you, you know, Marsai talking about the dynamic between, you know, daughter and mother, you know, you, you, you had a dynamic with, with your mom and whatnot. How was that dynamic for you as a mother with your, with your son? We are very close. We close. He is nothing that he won't tell me now. At first, he, it was a phase that he went through where he was very closed, very guarded, you know, and it took a while.


It took the pandemic for him to open up. Like, you know, that's when I actually sat and got to really know who he was and who he was growing in to be. Yeah. You know what, Emini here. So yeah. We, we, we close. We're really, really close. Dope. Yeah. All right. It's very sweet. Thank you. Yeah. I definitely learned within this time of like being jumping into my twenties and being able to understand my parents more and having more of those like deeper intellectual conversations about just life as a whole. Friendships, relationships and all that. It's like you learn that your parents are, it's their first time living too. That's right. They're Just people. Yeah. They're just people. And they are, that's the first time of them having a 20-year-old daughter and going through these things and, And they had a life before you got here.


And they Had a life. They, there Were somebody before they were your parents and they're just trying to, they had a revelation like that in the movies. Sort of, kind of though. When you realize that viol old was like a real, how would you know? You didn't see the movies? I thought I watched parts of it now. Oh, he watched his parts of it because I don he saw the trailer. I feel like I spoil it. He Oh, snitch. He saw it for you mentally. Like, you don't wanna like, have the interview. It's Hard to ask somebody questions if you've seen it because you give it away for everybody. That makes so sense. I always wanted to don, I get you. I understand. I gotta ride. I get it. You go all away. All right. Yeah. Yeah. But you did have that revelation in the film. Yes, exactly. Which is why I was more excited to tell the story. 'cause I was, it felt like I was going through that in real time. So, yeah. I Wanna know as a, as a just a regular person.


How do you deal with just life with, even with dating? 'cause it's almost like you have two parents. Like does he have to meet the guys too or does he have Yes, I do Have to meet. It's almost like you got two Dadss. I do. Two dads. I met him. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, he's met him. There is someone, right. He drives one of them cars right there, Sir Sarah. They the black door, they know who your dude is thorough. No, they, I didn't say who he was. Okay. Why? You give a clue. Do you have a godda? I do. I do. I was gonna say, and he's a, and he's a firefighter. Like he's, he's Also the same. No, I'm not Dad, basically. Okay. He should be dad. I have multiple that. Listen, I grew up with like, multiple father figures in my life got Called Me said, stop.


Just stop. Do you ever have that? No. It's just, just, you Just let him go. You just take it. You got him Emini here. You can't, you can't stop. We can't stop the madness. You know what I'm Saying? I just turn it on when we together doing stuff like this other than we good. We, he's very chill. We have a great relationship. Who takes more credit for your career? Marcy, Kenya or Anthony? Me. Wow. She'll tell you. There you go. I say who takes more credit? Not who you give more credit for More credit. I was like more credit for my career. Emini here. Her myself. Okay. That's true. True. I got what he was saying. Yes. Yes. I get what he was saying. Like Myself, he's, he, he saw it from a very early age. Got you. And saw the impact. Yeah. You would've heard that. Had you got here on time?


That was at the beginning. I was, I was, I came here just waxing poetically about you. You talking how I saw your greekness at eight when you walked in, there was just a light around you. Yeah. Yeah. There was it. Sure. What does a blackish reunion look like? I don't think it's ever gonna happen. Damn. I'm Mar say don't show up to things. Damn. You putting on this on me. I can't put it on show up. Why not me? No, we, we look, we, we would love To have a, we would love and, And I hope we have a a, a blackish reunion soon. How Long it been since the show ended? Like Two, three years after Almost.


It's going on three years. Yeah. Yeah. I was 17 going on 18, so yeah. Yeah. Usually How close is everybody, the cast? Everybody still keep in touch? Yes. My, my twin miles, he's, he's truly my best friend. We call Him Playboy Cardi now. Yeah. He little Playboy Cardi. He's in his Playboy Cardi era. Love him. He got Dreaded face Tattoos? No. No, not yet. No. Just outside. He outside. Outside. Oh damn. Playboy card. Oh, okay. I stop calling my man Playboy card. Really? He, but no, he, he's my best Friend. I didn't wanna put that on him. We have, we have a friend group, like all together and we are working on some things as a whole.


And did you call him back last night? Did you FaceTime him after we were done? No, I went to sleep. He knows, he knows it. That's cold. I sleep 30 mentally, so I'll be, I'll be turning off my phone. But we talk all the time. How Much did this role scratch you, Anthony? 'cause you know, you said it's, it's, it's a drama and like you all know him for the comedy and you're also playing like the, the, the, the nurturer role. Yeah. Like my man's not an actor. The woman play one part, like the head of the household in this one. No, I'm talk to you like that, Anthony. Yeah. No, I'm not. I'm acting, he's asking questions. I get it. He didn't, he didn't see nothing. So. Right. You know, a again, it goes back to, you know, the dynamic between Marsai And I, you know, not falling into that shorthand that we have and you know, I've been a part of some great films with action in them.


I've never been a part of an action film. And so I just had to be prepared for that to make sure that it was believable. And it's not Oh, that's just Ann up there going through the motions and doing that. So, you know, IIII showed up, you know, a a as I could and to answer your question about, you know, it, it's, it's role reversal. You know, normally, you know, the, the, the, the man is the president of the United States, you know, and, and, and, and, and, and the first lady is being the nurturer. So these roles were reversed. Yeah. You know, and you rarely get to see that. You know, and, And I was playing the nurturing role in, in this character or with this character from my children and allowing the power, not that women don't have power and use that power and have that power in films, but allowing Viola's character to have that power and wielded and not be emasculated by it.


And just understand that I'm standing next to this right here, we are in this together, but she has her role And I have mine. Yeah. So I just wanted to make sure I showed up for that and, and not fall flat. And so people was like, oh, okay. That was believable. That that was real. Could You be in a relationship like that in real Life? I could. I'm, I'm secure in, in my masculinity and my manhood and, and who I am and, and what I bring to the table. So yeah, I could definitely be secure in a relationship. She Would've to have the money and power though. It, it doesn't matter. Doesn't matter. We are a team. Okay. You, we we're a unit. We, we we're working on this together. It's not, oh, you, no, we just, like in any marriage, in any relationship that we have it, it's a give and take. It's an ebb and flow. It's like, okay, I'm here doing this, you're doing this.


You know? So. Yeah. How Did that work for you, Masa? 'cause you the boss, right? You've got your own production company. You are a boss in room. Yes. You know, how would you want the man to show up? Oh wow. World wise. Yeah. I think, honestly, I think it's communication and listening and understanding and a willing to understand. I feel like at times I've had a mul multiple conversations with a bunch of different people. And I think the main thing is them ready to respond without actually listening and understanding what the whole situation is. You hear that race car driver guy And oh God, he, and he's really, he's really great at that.


Honestly, like the, like He great at being a race car driver or great at being what you need in a relationship. Emotional, vulnerable, understanding. No, he is. And, and look, she's not, I get that from, from the two con, two or three conversations that I had with Him. Yeah. No, he's, he's great. And Emini here. I think what's what's important is, is that you, Because if he wasn't, I I was gonna run him off. I was gonna run him Off. He's an embarrassing dad. That's what he just said. Like, Just being real. I'd be, Hey man, you not good enough. But he is, he's, He's he's the best. And look How she smiles and lights up what she talks about. Yes. Right. That's Amazing. He was FaceTiming him in the car yesterday and her car. I was like, oh my God. I had to snatch the phone and talk to him. I was like, what's up Playboy? How you doing man?


So He is your, your your calm. Like, you know, it's a lot of hype around. He's He's my patience. Yes. I was gonna say, how does he, Thats with your star. Yes. Yes. Stability and patience. Yes. Those, those are great things to say about me. Thank you. Yeah, Sure. Patience, Instability. I love you Marsay Martin. I love you too. And No baby. Oh, that's dope. That's My girl right there. Yeah. Emini here. I think that's the utmost I important thing that a lot of men kinda lack is vulnerability. Yeah. To being able to have that emotion to, and have this kind of like, stance as what a man should look like. So what about Therapy is important? Like I got homegirls therapy Is so important.


I got Homegirls that say they refuse to date a guy who's not in therapy or hasn't gone to some type of therapy. No. Okay. Yeah. Or even having the communication. But honestly too, I don't know. I've, I've also seen guys that have therapy that take it the wrong way and it's like, she told me to do this And I'm doing it. Like it's, it's, it can look like so many different things. But I think just being as open as possible to have that communication is, is like the top priority for me. So as long as you're listening and hearing me and know what's going on in my life and reassurance is everything. So My last question, all Of that Is important. I know you got your production company and everything. Yeah. And you've done a lot. She about to ask you Poor a job Marc.


So much more ask. I I I see where this going Years And I, That is not my question. Oh my bad. I did, like when you first told me That you had a production company And I was like, you know what, I'm gonna be auditioning for you. It was like, I'll see you there and haven't heard Anything. It's okay. It's totally fine. Emini here. Shoot the thing that, hey, That's not question. No, it wasn't. I didn't even ask nothing yet. Damn. I wanted to know what else did you want to do? You know, you at a very young age, you've done so much. Yeah, thank you. And you still got a lot more life to live and a lot more career to go. What else do you wanna do? I think seeing how far my creativity can get and how broad it can be.


I feel like what I love about creating TV and film is like you're basically building these new worlds to where it can be in touch to reality as much as possible or not. And I think what, what, that's what I love about just what we do is it can, it feels so real. Yeah. But it can truly be whatever you want. Whatever comes to mind. So I would love to kind of just continue to build worlds that people can live in. Understand and it be timeless. Yeah. And can last forever. Are You gonna run for president? I think, no. I need you to create this world. Okay. Jesus. But yeah, Emini here. I'm, I'm working on my festival right now, which is very world building for me, which is very exciting.


It'll be, what's the festival? It, it's called say Summer Cookout. And it's a, it's a destination type of festival. So the first year was in Atlanta. Second year is was in DC This year it'll be in Houston. Nice. Okay. In August 31st. So what did would be exciting. What did you do there? What do you do? What do we do? It's black owned businesses. Vendors from, it's like Texas based vendors. This year we have performers of course. Nice. That is from, and cater to that community. And it's HBCU centered. So I think that is something that I've always wanted to do. It's a, it's a avenue that I feel like it's so untouched and mostly overlooked.


And I, I am very excited to and also be in touch with, with Emini here. Adults, new adults my age. Yeah. Yeah. You know, going through the same things. Emini here, even though I'm doing this and you see a camera on my face, there is no difference between that person when The camera goes off. So, and it's no phones. It's no phones. Oh wow. The first year we did no plus ones. It was literally come as you are and to be able to have these celebrities and these, these students wanna become them one day. Do something in that light. And they have real conversations at the cookout. Yeah. Emini here. It's, it's something that I've truly wanted to do. And then Emini here, on top of that, we have podcasts, of course still movies coming up.


I have a movie coming out with Courtney b Vance soon. Which is very exciting. So that's Okay. We're not, we're not, we're not, we're not here to talk about those Emini here. We're talking. She said what's next? I'm telling her next. You just told me you could just set other movies. You could just set other movies. So Yes. Right now we're talking about G 20 when Anthony Anderson. Yes. Which is, which is Amazing. And that's the next thing, thing coming Up. Okay. There we go. Just more world building things. Things that challenge me And I used Keep challenge from that. Congratulations on your festival. The hour is almost up actually. Tell me, what do you want to do in the industry? I wanna do Horror movies and comedy horror Movies and Comedy. I got a little drama to me too, you know, I can cry on cue all that. Okay. Just did it on live a couple weeks ago. Yeah.


Soly, she could, she could cry Hook. Yeah. I'm sorry. All that bonnets Acting Bon. I didn't say nothing. What? I didn't say anything. I'm listening to you. You talking to me? Okay. I can sing too. Yeah, You can s that. So I got you. Now that I Know I can sit here. All Marce. Is there a reason that I haven't been invited to your little festival for the last two years? Your little festival. Wow. I love that Festival. I festival is definitely not you, But It, it's exciting 'cause we are expecting like six to 8,000, which is exciting. And you're teaching your Generation how to actually have conversation in the network with people and look people in the eyes and talk in a real way. Yeah. Yeah. That's building a real community. Not that digital social media stuff. Yeah. Yeah.


But you Were Invited. No I wasn't. It's known. You've known since the beginning? No. Okay. She said no. Are you coming this year? No, since the beginning. And are you coming this year? Say, Hey, I need you to come talk to my peer group or two different things. You are you coming this year? They have stars there. And just talking to people that want to be like them. One day. Emini here, what's up? Are be coming this Year? August 31st. I'll be in Houston. Be That's another promise. Let's see. No, only I do. She ain't got nothing else going on. Show up with that purple call. She didn't already shot her. Her Vogue cover shoot yesterday. She ain't got nothing. Oh, you did Vogue yesterday? No, I definitely Didn't. No. I don't know what he so young. It was, he's manifesting. Oh, I thought it was Vogue. I thought, I thought you just had all that under control. Emini Here. Sure. Let's, let's do it one day. You got your own makeup.


I Did a lot of press yesterday though, so. Yeah, you did. We was running around like that. Yeah. Emini here. Yeah. I want to end with this. I I asked Anthony this question earlier, but when y'all film together, how do you get out of the rhythm of, of Blackish? 'cause y'all know each other so well. Personally and professionally, it seems Like it never leaves. It Definitely Not, but It has to. When you, you know, doing something like G 20, I think it, I think it touches back what, what I was saying about creating a whole new world. I think you're building a character for me, I'm building like, okay, where did she come from? What does she, what were the experiences that she went through to get to this point now where she feels like she needs to be rebellious or is this a new thing for her? How new is it? So I think these are all of these, all these questions that I put in my brain before jumping into a role.


Especially someone like Serena who's very multifaceted and kind of just not really understanding. They don't know who, they don't know Who Sena is. Serena. Serena. Talking about Serena Williams. I portray G 20. Okay. Oh, you knew that much? Yeah, when I watched it, I saw that point. Oh, okay. What's wrong with her? But I watched it. Igar was amazing. Lot mentioned her name in the trailer. So I was just wondering. For me, For me it's like what makes her different than any of the other characters that I played. So that's, that's my take on it. And she's dope in it. Thank you. Welcome. Congratulations. What? Yeah, she was a typical step.


Yes, she was. Was I saw it. Okay. Well G 20 Is streaming now on Amazon. Not just streaming now. Streaming globally. Globally. We telling people globally we don't make regional films. That's right. Thank you so much. Marsai Martin and Anthony Anderson. Oh, I thought You forgot about me. She told me to say her name first. Yeah. No She shouldn't. No, no, no. How did I do that? Yeah, you just did. She texted me by showing up the way that you did. They know who the real diva is. I bow down to you. You've earned it. Marsai. Yes you have. Young Squinty is a life earned first on the call sheet. She was the got, she was the reason we got the first three seasons of Blackish on the air. I'm just gonna give it to her. Oh, it's going God bless.


Somehow some way he play your son somehow. So she can send me s Right. S right. I gotta say fiction something and then you gotta put me in. Let's make it a hard flick. You has to be a hard flick. You created by Craig. She did that Emini here. That was all her. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club


Life is an act of constant reinvention. That's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay. A trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity you depend on deals you want in service, you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Check out Pluto TV's The Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent, both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series. Like Tyler Perry's sisters in Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet, or phone. All for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream. Now pay Neville.


Top reasons technology pros wanna move to Ohio. A thriving tech industry with high paying jobs for programmers, developers, database architects, and more. Ohio is the silicon heartland with the top tech brands and thousands of startups too. Shorter commute times mean more time for you. And since your dollar goes further in Ohio, it's like a cheat code for success. The tech career you want and a life you'll love. Have it all in the heart of it all. Learn more@callohiohome.com.