
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing massage and cease to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It, it's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down, the all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


We went from normal life, healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia or a B cell a LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. It was a little bit of a scary drive. There was a time where the storms were really heavy. Shortly after that, I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. St. Jude gave us a hope that we didn't know was possible. I truly can't even imagine not having St. Jude in our lives. I knew that it was really bad And I had a lot of questions, but I knew that everything was gonna be okay. St. Jude saved everything that matters to us. I don't know that we'd have CJ without them. I am beyond grateful. My hopes are I could work with St. Jude. To have hope is to have St. Jude. To have hope is to have your child healthy. And we have that because of St. Jude, You can help kids fight childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in Hope today by visiting music gives.org.


Esta Travel Pass is the most rewarding way to travel. Sign up@esta.com for instant savings, bonus points and perks, like early check-in and late checkout room upgrades and free stays. Choose from 1100 hotels across 13 brands and unlock their best rates when you book with Esta Travel. Pass here today, Rome tomorrow. Join now@esta.com. That's esta.com. Terms and conditions apply.


You know that feeling when you're about to score 30% off, but they want your number. Ugh. Give them your line two number instead. It's a second line on your phone. Perfect for nabbing promo codes without inviting spam to your party. Sign up for every discount under the sun. Then block the junk text that follow you. Get all the perks, but none of the spammy baggage. More codes, less chaos. Visit line two.com/audio or download line two in the app store and get your shopping sidekick today because the only thing blowing up your phone should be good deals.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv. Just Hello Charlamagne ne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. We have Miss Monique Rodriguez. Welcome. Thank you. How you feeling this morning? I'm Great. How are you? Doing well, doing well. She's also got a new memoir out now. The Glory in Your Story, activating a fearless faith to change your life, your career in The World. Yes. Yes. Now you turned a, a kitchen recipe into a multimillion dollar brand. Yes. What was the moment you realized you weren't just selling products, you were actually building a movement? Well, you know, I went into this knowing that I was building a movement.


You know, I created this brand out of necessity. You know, I felt that there was a lack of relatability in the hair care space. There was a lack of great products, healthy products for women that look like me. And I wanted to fill this void. But I always operated with a multimillion dollar mindset. I operated with the mindset of like, I'm gonna be on the shelf with these bigger brands one day eventually. And the day that we launched, which was May 23rd, our anniversary is actually next week. We sold out of every oil that we had and we had a small amount of inventory, about a hundred bottles because I was a small business, didn't know that it was gonna take off the way that that it did.


And the day that we launched, we sought out of every single product. And I knew at that moment like, I'm onto something because I knew that it was a need for it. I love the, the, the multimillion dollar mindset. Explain, explain that to people for those who may not have one. Yeah. You know, I think success is when I talk about like activating fearless faith to change your mind. Success is all about mindset. And you know, I grew up basically in the hood, right? You know, I didn't come from a lot, but I always dream big. And I would look at other successful people and say, oh, they're successful because they're lucky. And I knew that I had to change my mindset and shift from thinking that no, they're not just lucky, they worked for it.


Right? Mm. You know, they had to step out and be bold and go after their dreams and pursue their purpose. And I shifted my mindset from thinking that I didn't deserve success to thinking that I do deserve it. And I realized that once that started to shift my level of thinking And I operated from a level of abundance and not lack more things flowed to me. Hmm. Now in 2014, you were a registered nurse. Yes. So what made you say, you know what, this is not for me, and what puts you in the mind frame to actually create these products? Right. Because people could say, you know, they could take a product and sell it, but you actually had to make it, you had to try it. I'm sure it didn't work right away the first time. I'm sure your daughter was sitting back there. I'm sure you burnt her hair a couple times trying it out. I don't think I burnt it, but you know, she was, she was a definitely a Guinea pig.


Guinea pig. So talk about that procedure and how that came about. Yeah, so actually, so I was a labor and delivery nurse And I was a nurse for eight and a half years. And I became a nurse because my mom encouraged me to be a nurse. She was very traditional, you know, go to school, go to college, do what a real job need to do, get a real job so you can survive. My mom was basically about survival. She had that mentality, which no fault because most of our parents' generation, they came from that type of generation. And even though when I was younger, like I've always had this dream and passion to be in the beauty space, my mom would always tell me like, it's cute, but you know, that's not a stable career. So I kind of like put my dreams to the wayside and pursued what my mom wanted me to do.


So it was never something that like I saw myself doing. So when I did graduate college And I started working labor and delivery, I knew I'm like, this is not a career path that I wanna do for the rest of my life. And unfortunately, after doing that for eight years, I was pregnant with my, my third child, my son. And unfortunately it was a high risk pregnancy. Bless you. Thank you. Bless you. And he passed away from complications. And when you go through pain, sorry to hear that. And something. Thank you. Something that's so traumatic. It catapulted me to live life on my own terms and not to live my life on someone else's dream, which was my mom because you only get one shot at life.


And my pregnancy was high risk also for my life. And I decided to pursue my dreams, do something that I love, something that was purposeful, something that I can wake up and feel like I have fulfillment and joy doing. And I went back to that love as a child being in the beauty space. And I started creating, I'm a creative by nature And I would just go in my kitchen and mix together like different ingredients and study and research, like what ingredients work well on our hair. And I started posting it on social media and while people were following me and thinking like, well what is this girl doing? Like she's posting all these recipes. It was really a creative outlet for me to express myself and to take my mind off of grief, the grieving process.


Oh wow. Yeah. And that's how Mayel became what it is. Where did Mayo come from? The Name? The name. Oh, so that's a great question. I love answering that question. It's actually a combination of my kids' names. Hmm. So I have Mia, Gabrielle back there, Mackenzie, Ariel, my son's name was Milan. It's a combination of all their names and their middle names L So they're my Ls. Mm. Yeah. Did they charge you? They did, because I'm still paying for it today. Like they, they are always asking for something. Right. But you know, they get, they get paid. Well, how Did you go? I, I, I feel like I'm skipping steps And I want everybody to go read the book. The Glory in Your Story. Yes, please. But when you go from the kitchen to actually getting your products on the shelves, what were the steps?


Like what did you do? Like Yeah, so, you know, my way of going into retail was not a traditional way. I started in 2014. We entered into retail in 2016, which number one is very rare for a brand, a small black-owned business to start and not have any type of momentum or leverage and to go into retail. So it was very risky. And my goal was to go into retail year five. I wasn't even expecting to go into retail the, the year that we did. But we had built up so much momentum and we had built up this great community and it got the attention of the retailers.


So our first retail partner was Sally Beauty. And they heard about us on social media and of course retailers, they want to be a part of brands that can add value to them. So you can't just go into a retailer saying, oh, I wanna put my products on your shelf and expecting them to, you know, do the marketing for you. You have to have something that you can bring value or add to their shelf. Mm. And we were a brand that was a disruptive brand and it caught their attention. And then they called us to have a meeting with them. And it was so divine because when we got the call to have a meeting with Sally's, their headquarters is in Denton, Texas. We were actually there in Dallas for my daughter's gymnastics competition.


So we were not there for any business meeting. And I actually almost turned down a meeting because we were there with our kids and we're like, well, we don't have a babysitter to go into this corporate meeting. And they wanted us so bad. They were like, bring your kids to this meeting. So they were like five and nine at the time. Did they behave? And they did. And I told them like, you guys better not say anything. Go in there, sit with your hands folded, like, don't move because this is a really big deal. And I went in there with no presentation, just talked about my love and passion for this space. And they tested us in 95 stores and they said, we're gonna test you out 'cause you're a new brand and we'll see how the brand goes. We launched in February and every store that we were selling in sold out in less than two hours.


Wow. It was just because of social media. It was just because of social media, Instagram at that. Wow. Yeah. When, when you were in your early stages, that early grind, what was harder getting capital or getting people to believe a black woman could dominate the beauty space? Yeah, actually both. You know, those were some of the challenges. I I say this all the time. My challenges were I'm a black woman and black women don't have access to capital. And we actually bootstrapped our company from 2014 until 2020. So we had no big name investors, you know, no one that was, I didn't have a rich uncle, no one was handing us money. We built this from the ground up and we took everything that we made and invested that back into the business.


And when you are a small black-owned brand, you know, we have to like earn our trust with the community. And, you know, being someone that had no celebrity status and you know, I was a, a regular everyday person, a nurse working. So it was hard to convince people to believe that what I was putting out there was actually a real legit product that did well, you know, on our hair. But I just kept focused on the people that did support me, the people that wanted to know more, that wanted to be educated on their hair routine. And, you know, it's, it grows from there. Like your community and your, your evangelists are the best marketing tool that you can use.


And that's how the company grew. Like, we didn't have any money to invest in marketing. We really focused on like serving people and being purposeful in our mission and serving people with like great products. And I, I think that people also felt my passion and knew like, okay, she's a nurse, like she's not gonna do anything to, to damage or to, to harm us. And like we can see the results on her hair. So like we can trust, but it took building a relationship. I think that when you are building a brand, it's all about you're in a relationship with your customers. You have to date them, you have to get to know them, you have to know their needs and understand who they are as you know, the consumers that you're serving.


And then you overserve right. With your brand. And that's how Myel, you know, soared and disrupted the industry. And did you, did, why did you decide to sell it to PG you know, Proctor and Gamble? Yeah, that's a great question. So when we decided to sell, it was all about scale and global infrastructure. When you are growing a brand in order to scale, it's all about access to capital and having the great infrastructure and people to help execute your vision. And so the thing is like, we didn't need to sell, right? We wanted to sell because we wanted to invest in innovation. We wanted to have global reach and we wanted to be able to create more accessibility for the consumers that we serve.


You know, when you look at the texture hair care aisle, it's very, it's a small space. And our community, like we complained that we don't have access to great products. And my whole goal from the very beginning of building Mayo was to build a global empire. And I know that as founders, we did our best to take the brand as far as we could with our resources. And this is a normal trajectory of business. The goal of building a brand is to either IPO or exit. And I've accomplished that goal. And the great thing about it is I've been able to negotiate my contract to where I'm still on board. I'm still making deci the decisions, I'm still running the company, I still set the vision forward it.


So it's a very unique structure that, you know, not everyone sees. And I know the community tends to be scared of brands that are acquired, but it's really a great win for us, especially as a black brand, a black girl from the south side of Chicago, right. To even have the opportunity to have a conversation, a seat at the table with the conglomerate, like a p and g is a huge win of it in itself. Yeah. Because we don't get opportunities like that often. We don't see it all the time. And you know, I wanted to show the possibilities of what's possible. Like we can take the heat, us as founders, I can take the heat of breaking glass ceilings because I know that I'm also paving the way for my daughter's generation so she can build a brand and create something great and have a successful exit because we build thriving communities.


When we build brands, scale them exit, we build generational wealth, not just for us, but for the community we serve. Preach Monique. But let me tell you something, one of of the hardest things to do in life is to explain business to people Who ain't got it. Who don't understand business. Yeah, that's right. That's the hardest thing. And I don't expect them To understand that. How did that affect your business, right? Because people see it differently. Where did you lose a lot of people? Were people hating on it? Did it mess business up? How did that affect y'all? No, when we sold it, did it mess business up? And that's the thing, like when we made the announcement, you know, I really took the time to try to educate the community on the why, like why businesses scale up, why, you know, we become acquired and it's to create generational wealth and so we can have more access to help our community.


So I, I put this whole message out to explain, and while we did have a huge amount of support from the community, Emini here, you know, like the, the bigger you are, the more eyeballs are you, you're also gonna have people that don't like it, that don't understand it. Sure. And I feel that if, you know, there's so much access to information out here, right? So if you really want to know how business works, you can research it, right? And you can take the time to listen when someone's trying to educate you. And I say this all the time, ignorance is a choice. That's right. You can choose to be ignorant when you have information in front of you. And if you just choose to not pay attention to it, then that is your choice. And you have a right to your choice. But I'm gonna choose to focus and educate those that wanna be educated, that wanna understand the why, and also those that want to start a business have an idea.


And what is the trajectory of that? I wanna show that by example because it's not normal in our community. We have to normalize this because when I did my deal, it was, oh, you're a unicorn. Yeah, that's almost great. But it's not great because we don't wanna be unicorns. We want this to be a normal conversation for us. And so it didn't hurt the brand, but you know, I think it also comes with the territory. And I say this all the time, two things. If you don't wanna be copied, if you don't wanna be great Emini here. If you don't wanna be copied or criticized, then don't be great. That's right. It was, did you, I'm sure you saw the TikTok trends of people saying that they lost their hair after you did sell to p and g silently.


You know, did they have something to do with the formula? They said this is not the same mayo, this is not the same formula. And people, you know, it was, it was a lot of people.


Hey, What up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousins latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting BS and massaging leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


From coast to coast, unlock adventure at Red Lion Hotels by esta, where restful sleep friendly service and local knowledge await whether for business or pleasure, spend less and make more of every trip. When you sign up for Esta Travel Pass, you'll get their best rates instantly. Go to esta.com to book your state and unlock their best rates with Esta Travel Pass here today, Rome tomorrow. Join now@esta.com. Terms and conditions apply.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace May is Mental Health Awareness Month. And Talkspace, the leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy. By talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist at Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider, typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare, you'll meet on your schedule. Plus Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members Have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80, that's SPA CCE eight zero to match with a licensed therapist today. Go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80


Saying that they had lost their hair behind it. What would you say to that? Yeah, and you know, hair loss is, you know, traumatic in and of itself. And I can empathize with anyone that has suffered with hair loss. I myself have suffered with postpartum shedding hair loss, right? And I think I want people to realize like, this is the reason why I created the brand, right? I created this brand to serve women with healthier products for their hair. When I made the decision to partner with p and g, it was very intentional. A lot of thought went into the decision making process. This was not a fly by night decision. You know, it was a lot of due diligence done on both ends, my end and their ends.


And we have to realize, like when you think of p and g, a lot of the products that are in our household are by p and g. They are a brand that's been around for hundreds of years that creates longevity sustainability across generations with their brands. So I would never sell to a company that I knew that I thought would harm my creation. Like Mayel is my baby. Myel was birthed out of heartbreak. Like this is something that's near and dear to my heart. I would never sell to a company that I thought was gonna ruin, you know, my brand. So, and that, and the thing is like, people have to realize that I'm also a nurse, right?


Like I lead with empathy, I lead with compassion, I lead with caring about the community that I serve. We would never put anything in our products that are going to damage or disrupt any woman's hair. And the people that are saying the formulas change, the formulas have not changed. You know, if, if people would actually take this time to see our products that were in 20 20, 20 20, right? And you look at now since after the partnership, the, the formulas are still the same. So the thing is like misinformation, it spreads like wildfire and people don't take the time to like do their homework and do their own due diligence before coming to their own assumptions.


But I can confidently say that our products do not cause people tear to fall out. And Also people just be hating. You mean to tell me that after you get acquired by Proctor and Gamble for an undisclosed amount, they know you got that cake all of a sudden it's just all of these TikTok videos online people saying, yeah, the product make my hair fall out all of a sudden. Yeah, it came outta nowhere. Come on man. And it's the same. Come on, we not stupid here, Come on, Come on. And it's like, I use the products. My daughter, she use, look at her hair, her's beautiful. Like we, my family uses the products. Like this is like, I don't take this lightly. And this partnership has always been led with honesty and transparency. And I, I'm gonna be honest with you guys, what people also don't realize is that when you are a smaller brand, a lot of the things that you do can go under the radar because you don't have a lot of eyeballs on you.


Yeah. Right? I've seen brands that are smaller, that have products out and they don't even have the ingredients listed Yeah. On their products, right? When you are a bigger brand, you can't do that. So the level of of compliance and processes and the, the, the level of strictness that we had to be in compliant with to even talk to p and g, the safety regulations were like through the roof. So people have to understand like this is a large company, they operate with the highest level of safetiness, right? And they've even helped us operate even more safer so people can trust, like these products are good to use, nothing has changed. We operate with the same level of integrity.


Everything's the same other than we just have access to more. And you know, also I would like to see all the brands that Proctor and Gamble has just, just my stuff makes your hair fall out. Allegedly the black woman owned product just makes your hair fall out, right? The black Woman, how the gamble been around for years. Years. I would also also say that every hair product's, not for everybody, like what you use in your hair that might work for you or your daughter might not work for me or my daughter. You know what Emini here, that doesn't mean that it, it's because all black people, it's all in people's hair are different. That's the Yeah, yeah. Like yours. Like there's nothing that could work for y All I'm saying is pro Proctor and Gamble have been around forever and nobody's made those complaints, but now all of a sudden, come on man. Of course, of course. Do you think the black community puts too much pressure on black owned businesses to be perfect and they'll give grace to like other billion dollar brands that don't ever even show up for us?


Oh, absolutely. Like Emini here, we, we can see it all the time. Like we see millionaires, billionaires that bill companies exit all the time and we celebrate it. That's the point of business. Like you said earlier, That's the point of business. But when a black person does it, like we tear them down and, and the thing is like, we gotta choose our heart. We gotta pick our battles. We complain as a community that we have a access, lack of access to capital mentorship expertise. But then when we're trying to create these avenues of creating wealth so we can create access to capital expertise and mentorship, there has to be more of us to do it, then we tear it down.


So either you don't want the access or then when we do get the access, you can't tear us down for, for getting that access. And that's why I say we gotta, we gotta choose our heart as a community because we can't have it both ways. Because what happens is we stifle our community when we tear black brands down for doing what other cultures do all the time. We stifle us because now it causes fear in investors. It causes strategics to say, oh, now you're more risky, so now I'm going to devalue you. So me, if I was a different culture, my value could have been more if that risk wasn't there. So all we're doing is we're setting ourselves back because the next Monique Rodriguez that comes forward that tries to do this, they're gonna ask the question.


Like, because they asked me, how is your community gonna feel about this? Right? And now we have to come up with the whole strategic plan on how to relay this mess message in an educational way. When I asked them back, do you have to do this with any other cultures? Their response was, no. Right. So I need you to expound on that, Monique. 'cause I think what you're speaking to is whenever something like this happens, right, like, you know, you do get acquired by p and g, the backlash from social media can be so bad that it makes these companies be like, whoa, should we have done that situation? And they'll think about doing that, you know, to the next person, Right? And that's why it's important that when black brands scale and are exited, we have to show up even more as a community to support those brands.


Because now they're looking at these brands as a case study. They're looking at Mayel now as a case study of like, what happens when you're acquired and does the community still ride for you? Do the, does the community still support you? And again, if if we don't support and they start to see sales drop off, then it, it stifles opportunity for a next entrepreneur that wants to scale. And that's the part we have to realize. And again, to your point, we can't expect people that, you know, don't underst that's not in business to understand business. But again, like we are creating platforms like this to help spread the word into educate. Yeah. Right.


We're taking the time to educate you. So you should stay in your mind, I'm gonna support this black founded brand. Like let's not Just say we support black owned, let's also support black founded brands. Yeah. Right. Because we're all a community. We're all in this together. In order for us to create these thriving communities, we gotta support us, right? Things that are made by us, created by us, not just owned by us. Because you should have the freedom and the opportunity to do whatever it is that you wanna do with your brand. If you wanna stay small and local, you have a purpose to serve. You should be able to do that. If you wanna stay online and serve just online consumers, you should be able to do that. If you wanna scale and exit and be acquired or IPO, you should have the freedom and flexibility to do whatever it is that you wanna do with your brand without being criticized.


That's Right. Yeah. I was gonna ask, you know, besides Proctor and Gamble, were there other companies trying to acquire you? Absolutely. And why did you choose Proctor and Gamble? So we were a hot commodity. So we had lots of strategic companies that were like chomping at the bits trying to acquire us. What made us choose Proctor and Gamble was because, you know, one of the biggest thing was that there were people that looked like us that were in high C-suite level executive positions and decision makers. So people that had a input or say in what we were valued at, had an input to say like, yes, we, this branch should be acquired. We're people that look like us and we also need those type of advocates on the other side of the table that can stand up for us and say, yes, this is a great investment.


That was one thing. And then the, the, their mission of being focused on good and their employees, the longevity of the people that has been in that company for many years. Right. Also shows that, you know, this is a company that has great value and they respected us as founders. They did not wanna take away from the DNA of the brand. They didn't wanna disrupt the authenticity. And they even put in our contract, we wanna keep the Mayel magic, you guys are gonna stay on board, you guys are gonna see this vision through, because we didn't have to stay on board. That's another thing, like I want people to understand, like, we could have sold the brand and left, but because we are passionate about what we do, we wanted to, to continue on our legacy and this vision.


And they allowed us to do so. So they did not, you know, say that we, that you guys have to sacrifice who you are in order to grow. Growth does not mean you have to lose your authenticity. And that's what stood out, you know, with them amongst the many others, you know, that we had talked to, You know. Yeah. You know, I think there's a lot of people feel like, well a lot of founders get pushed out when the big money shows up, so they just wanna make sure that y'all still calling, you know, the shots. And it's not just a black face on like a, a white white boardroom. Yeah, no. Like I'm on Zoom calls pretty much every day. Yeah. Still talking about mayel and product innovation and development and marketing and different events and activations and how we can show up for the community.


So, you know, Emini here, I of course I am the face of the brand. I created the brand, but I'm more than just a face. I'm also the strategic vision behind it as well too. So I have, I make the final decisions on everything that touches the consumers And I do it because I made it that way. So we put like those safeguards in place to protect our brand, to protect our legacy. And You built it with your husband. I'm sorry, go ahead. I was just saying, and it freed up a lot more of your time. So you can do things like write your book and then Im sure delve into other business endeavors and things like that because what p and g also is, is like, like good partners for you. Like they, they take on the bulk of manufacturing. You had to do all of this by yourself. Yeah. At one point, you know, I'm sure you had a team, but that's the part that they take on as well.


Like they make it, I don't wanna say easier, but a little bit more easier to run the whole ship. Yeah. Like they free up a lot of my mental capacity, they go so I can like have the mental capacity to make the the hard decisions, the decisions that matter. And you mentioned something about manufacturing, like we still manufacture our own products. So manufacturing was not even p and g doesn't manufacture our products. That's what I'm saying. Like everything is still the same. Like we still manufacture in Chicago. Right, right. Where I'm from, so Yeah. And you built it with your husband, right? Yes. So my husband, we've been together since I was 16, known each other since we were 12 and 13. And so we've literally like grown up together. And when I had this dream, he supported it from the very beginning.


Like he operates from a very logistical finance operations mindset. And I'm the visionary, the creator. And like when you just merge those two different sides of the brain, you know, skill sets, like we've been able to build this, you know, amazing company and be this dynamic duo duo because you know, we both add different value to the company and different skill sets. A lot of people say don't mix business in marriage. What you say to that? I say the wedding rings says it all. That's Crazy. Crazy. Yours is too. Thank you. You know. Thank You girl. Thank You. You said about mixing business with Yeah. People say don't mix business with marriage. What do you think about That Emini here? I don't, I think you have to know like what works for you and your marriage.


Like I've met some married couples that are like, well we can't work together and they're happier not doing so. And that's totally fine. I don't think there's no wrong or right answer for us. It works well for us because, you know, the things that he does for the company, I honestly don't even want to do. And of course he knew nothing about haircare and products, so he couldn't really operate in my space. And I think if you want to make it work, you have to like take your egos out of it. You know, you can't be in competition with your spouse. And my husband, he was always big on like pushing me to the forefront. He's like, listen, this is your time to shine women, you guys have been held back for so long. Like, I'm okay with putting you out there and letting you be at the forefront And I just helping support you on the back end.


And I just think that it takes a real man to say, you know what? I'm okay with being behind the scenes and you being out there and I'm gonna just support your vision. And him not feeling like, well I'm the man, I'm the protector. Like, you can't be out there. Like, he was very comfortable saying, I'm just gonna support you. And he's done just that. And you know, my mentor told me, she's like, there will be no mayel if it wasn't for you. Melvin and you or you, you and like you guys had to build this together. And you know, it's, I think it works for us and you just have to know like what works for you and have respect for each other, respect each other's roles and lanes and you know, just be aligned with your vision.


Truth to Melvin. He's, he's also a black man too. He's also A black man. Yes. Put That on there. Rodriguez come from. So his mom is Puerto Rican. Oh right. Yeah. I was gonna Say how you black he black but all right, cool. Right. That's a great question. Pick up the book right now. The Glory in Your Story. Yes man. You are an inspiration, Monique. Absolutely. You and your husband Melvin. I really respect what it is that y'all are doing and, and have done And I wish and pray for much more successful. Thank You, I appreciate that. Absolutely. Thank you so much. It's Monique Rodriguez. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


What's it take to be a mentor with Big Brothers Big Sisters? It takes 30 minutes and a cup of coffee, a video game that's two out of three. It takes sharing thumbs up, emojis, clapping, emojis, and loaded nachos at halftime. That's how you make an impact on a young kid's life. So go on, share a few hours a month because mentorship may sound huge, but the truth is it takes little to be big. To learn more, volunteer or donate, go to be big now.org


From coast to coast, unlock adventure at Red Lion Hotels by Esta where restful sleep friendly service and local knowledge await whether for business or pleasure, spend less and make more of every trip. When you sign up for the Esta Travel Pass, you'll get their best rates instantly. Go to esta.com to book your state and unlock their best rates with Esta Travel Pass here today, Rome tomorrow. Join now@esta.com Terms and conditions apply.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace May is Mental Health Awareness Month. And Talkspace, the leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy. By talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist at Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider, typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare, you'll meet on your schedule. Plus Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today. Go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80.


I've seen a lot of stuff over 30 years, you know, some very despicable crime and and things that are kind of tough to wrap your head around. And this, this ranks right up there in the pantheon of Rhode Island fraudsters, I've always been told I'm a really good listener, right? And I maximized that while I was lying. Listen to Deep cover the Truth about Sarah on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts, You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.