
Hey, what's up y'all? This is Eric Andre. Well, they made a podcast called Bombing about absolutely tanking on stage. I tell gnarly stories And I talk to friends about their worst moments of bombing in all sorts of ways. Bombing on stage, bombing in public, bombing in life. I wanna know what's the worst way they've ever bombed or have they ever performed way too drunk or high, or was there ever a time where they thought they were going to crush and they sunk it up? Listen to bombing with Eric Andre on Will Ferrell's Big Money Players Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts Bombing with Eric Andre.


This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island Stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes, but don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca Ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses, but everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing. Karen, where have you brought us? Cancellation Island. Where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Calling all Yellowstone fans. Let's go work. Join Bobby Bones on the official Yellowstone Podcast for exclusive cast interviews behind the scenes insights, and a deep dive into the themes that have made Yellowstone a cultural phenomenon. Our Family Legacy news, This ranch And I protector of my life. Listen to the official Yellowstone podcast now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Ever wonder what it would be like to be mentored by today's top business leaders? My podcast, this is Working, can help with that. Here's advice from Google, CMO, Lorraine Tohill on how to treat AI like a partner. I see AI as an incredible co-pilot. You may use different tools or toys to get the work done, but AI is just the latest flavor of that. You are still the judge of what good looks like. I'm Dan Roth LinkedIn's editor in chief on my podcast. This is Working Leaders Share Strategies for Success. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake that ass up early In the morning, The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJNV, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. We got a special guest in the building. A a legend. God damnit the brother Mike. Appreciate that. I'm serious, Mike. I don't want them introducing you no more if they ain't putting Legend on your motherfucking name. Well, we got the legends Mike apps. How old? You gotta get to be a Legend. Social Security Age. Yeah, You gotta be in the Yeah, I'm getting there. Shit, I Don't think it's about age. I think about what you've done in the game, But done. Yeah. Thanks man. I appreci I appreciate the, you know, compliment. You Don't feel like legendary status. Like you don't feel it like I paved the way like I'm here.


Yeah, yeah. I, I Emini here. You know, I try to use those words, you know, the right way. Legend and all of this stuff. But I, I do feel like I, you know, I put a lot of young comics on, you know, they don't, they don't gimme no props for it though. They act like they don't know me after they get on, but, And Mike Epps, he always supported us early on. He actually did our first skit with The Breakfast Club. You remember that skit? The first skit? That was the first skit. The first skit was with, with you. And, and you did that for us. That's Big man. Andy used to put money in my pocket. 'cause you used to do the April Fools Comedy. Comedy Jam in New York. Remember that? Yeah. Yeah. The, and he used to always get me the hosted at the garden. Yeah, man. So, yeah man. And it, and it feel good to be able to, you know what Emini here, turn on the young comics and put 'em on.


'cause I was once, one at one time Emini here. I used to be standing on the stage trying to get on open up for, for Steve Harvey and DL Hugeley. So, you know, it it's, They used to hate on you? No. Okay. No, no, no, no, no. They, they never hated on me. But you could tell though, you know, when you are an older comic or you are an older artist and somebody new, come on, you know, it take time for them to be like, okay, this dude is cool, you know, or I can work with him because, you know, you don't know how a person gonna turn out. So That I I I shouldn't even have said hate. 'cause sometimes I think that people don't realize how much of a fraternity comedy is it is. And they wanna see you earn your dudes before they, you know, they do.


They share stage with you. That's right. Yeah. But nowadays it's different. Man. You know, artists are getting, they just do a little quicker than we did. We had to really work for that shit. We had to go hit them stages and, and now they got the social media thing, which is good and bad. 'cause you getting opportunities premature. Yeah. Of you working for it. So it could be tricky. Do you respect that or you, you, you feel like they should get their, their dues first to hit them clubs? Well, I, I res I respect the fact that they, it is still a hustle. Right. Emini here to be able to be on the internet.


I still ain't figure that shit out. I still ain't figured out how to really get the money off the internet. Yeah. Like these young, like they on Snapchat and all this shit. I really haven't figured it out. But I respect that 'cause that's the new hustle. But like I said, when it's, when it's time for you to get an opportunity and showing proof, you ain't really been in the gym. It's kinda like you, you, you know, you got, you got muscles, but they didn't come from the gym. But on the flip side, they don't know how to get money on stage. They don't get, they don't know how to get money in the TV world. They don't know how to get money in the film world. That's right. That's right. And it take, and that, that's what I'm saying, there's levels to the shit and you gotta keep on, you know, And I always say, I tell people, man, you know you might have a lot, you might know a lot and it's, you know, it's somebody looking at you like you don't know shit and have a lot either.


You know what, Emini here? Yeah. For everybody that got a billion dollars, bill Gates and them, they pay that shit in taxes. That's, they looking at some black dude. Like, man, if you don't get your little Poor ass Ass out, you right And flexing on these Poor people you poll to me. You know what I'm saying? Now, do you like going out on tour with so many comedians? Do you enjoy it? And if you do, why? Well, you know what? Envy, I, I'm hosting this tour. So these are all young comics that's coming up. Durall Ain Young. Duron Young. Hell No, I don only Durall. I thought He didn't start with me though. No he didn't. He's young to me. Yeah, because he, you know, he, he came up after me. But for the most part, all of them are young comics that's trying to get to the next level and which is film and television and whatever that is.


But I, yeah, it's cool man. You know, I'm secure with myself and I'm secure with my comedy act. I go on tour with anybody. You Give him game during the tour or do you tell All Day? All day. I tell, I tell him all. I had Bubba Dove yesterday just telling him, man, it's good how you transitioning. It is good that you able to transition some comics. Can't do it. Just make sure that you keep focusing on the next level while you, on one level, while you're doing standup, make sure you position yourself so that when you get an acting opportunity, you can act. Because that's what happens a lot of times. A lot of 'em, a lot of 'em blow up. Then they get a movie opportunity and can't act.


So while you doing standup and you coming up, go to some acting classes, man, watch movies. Start positioning yourself for it. I think me and Jess were talking about this before And I was telling her like, like the way that, like even with Martin Yeah. He brings her on his like, you know, different stages. I think that two-way street that you're talking about Yeah. Is really important because they're teaching you while you're teaching them. Right. Especially because like, I, I feel like sometimes comedians who come up the way you come up when they shut out, like the Jess Hilarious the Desi banks or whatever you get so behind the times that you it, it just doesn't come off. Well a lot of times. And I think for, for you guys and what you do, you're trying to figure out social media. Yeah. If it doesn't come off well then fans kind of start to look at you a little differently.


You gotta battle so many different things because they go Yeah, it is what's here right now. So the fact that you Look like old nigga on Instagram, like you can't get around that You Yeah. Who you talking to? Watch your mouth, your Girl. There's nothing wrong with that though. You're older the way you said it though. Whoa, my bad. Of all you up. You said just UV wasn't, No, but listen, when you said Duvall wasn't young, I looked it up. I thought he was way younger. He's 47. But you thought Duvall was younger. I thought Duvall was like not too, I thought he was like maybe 40. Dang. He Gives young energy. But I'm saying I just think that it's dope to see people embracing it because they be hating like a lot of the old heads be hating and it's crazy because they do What a, You doing that Old Head around that word around a lot, lot.


What's wrong With that? Why are people upset about being called older? That's a gift to age and to have what you have. We Not, it's just how you say How you said well I don't, I don't mean it no way. What I'm saying to you is, is that No, I know what you mean. Yeah. I think it's prior to see you doing it. Yeah. Because a lot of people don't. Yeah. Of and you Lied about embracing It. Lot of Yeah, a lot of older guys, they don't know how to, you know, they don't really don't know how to embrace that man. But my, like I said, man, that's what we supposed to do. We gotta keep on giving, handing it down, handing it down to each other. 'cause I'm gonna be in a position one day. I'm gonna need one of the young dudes to put me in a Right. That's what Red Fox and Eddie Murphy put Red Fox in. That's right. He looked out for Red Fox gave him money.


Richard. Yeah. So yeah. Hell yeah. Now let's get messy. What you want to ask me? Oh, How you not got something over Here? Kevin Hart? No, I do got something here. I got those names. We go straight to it. Look, you know exactly what that Is. I was thinking Kevin Hart signed on to be the entertainment all for the paces and fever. You all from Indiana? Yeah. Like Emini here. You you super famous from Indiana, right? And then built a whole community in Indiana. Yeah. How did that make you feel that they didn't call you for that? Well, you know what I thought about it, I was, I was the ambassador for the men's Allstar in Indiana this past Allstar.


Eh, Kev should have called me if he was in Indianapolis because I, I definitely called him when I was in Philly, but he didn't answer the phone. I wanted to call him and say, Hey man, I'm downtown at the Eagles game because I was, we had a show in in Philly And I was calling him to tell him, man I'm downtown Philly. Boy they going crazy at the parade. But you know, everybody got, they different, different things about how they feel. Man, you know who goes to Indiana? I, I'm still trying to figure out who the fuck want to go there and do something in Indiana other than myself. I'm the only fan they got outside, outside of, outside of any, outside of what they fans are in that city.


You know? So, you know, hey man, it's, it is politics and then, and then a lot of times people that are not in a business, like people are not in comedy, people are not in the rap game that run entities. They don't know. Right. They, they think, they think me and Kevin sitting in the backyard drinking iced tea together. You know what I'm saying? So you really can't get upset about it, but it's enough for everybody. Man. You know what Emini here? Yeah. Kev. Kev, he put, he put on, he put on enough young comics and people. So, you know, I didn't get slighted about that, man. It's cool. So Y'all talking though. So the fact that you caught him and you was in Philly, y'all Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


We, we, we, me and Kevin talked man, and, and, and again man, I'm, everything I do now, I put an age on it. You know what Emini here. So I think about it and I'm like, Nope, you too old. No, you too old. Nope, you too old. Too old to talk shit. Too old to be broke. I'm too old for all of that. You know what, Emini here, you just get to a point in your age where you just, Hey man, I'm just trying to get what I can get out of it. And, and you know, but knowing Kev though, I know he gonna reach out for you to do something when he put that together. Oh yeah. Well, well that's what I'm saying. We, I was just on the phone with him telling him that that's what we gotta do. The white boys do it.


Right. They, you already took, look up all them white boys be together doing movies and television together. Why we can't do it. That's right. But we do like the black people do. Like we love fussing with each other too. That shit is fun. Who you blame for that Shit? I guess it's systematically, you know what, Emini here it at it, we cannot get away from race. We cannot get away from slavery. It's just keep on, it's just a thin line of that shit still in the community, man. And if you match it up to back in slavery, it is still the same. You know, they used to take one brother, one brother and put some clothes on him and have him sitting on the porch with a lemonade looking at the rest of the dudes out there in the field.


They still doing that shit. And we, we still ain forgetting it. It is like, hey, if you standing up there with some clothes on and you got lemonade in your hand and you see them brothers out there in the field, they ain't got nothing. You gotta sneak out the house at night man to go get 'em something. Man. That's right. That's right. And, and and, and, and if you the man, if you the man, you can't be afraid to be standing next to another black man. 'cause you scared. He gonna get some shit. That's some hating shit too. If you the man and the, and, and the people, the, the, the, the powers that be is paying you and making you who you are and you not, and you don't wanna stand next to it.


That mean you don't want the powers to be to see them. You trying to, you trying to be, you know that that's what I don't like, you know, ice Cube, I got into business through Ice Cube. I didn't get into business through, you know, and white people like who they like and I'm not, you know, I'm not really like that dude that they like, ah, because you can't rub on my head and pat me on the ass And I don't play none of that shit. So, And I think they figured that out. Okay. This is a nigga we can't do that with. Not gonna do it with 'em. So, you know. Hey, But you've had a great career Emini here. The Upshaw's is killing what they on? They what? Fifth season? Fifth season. Fifth season Up. Fifth season. Yep. You swear by that show they love I appreciate it.


And that came from my idea. That came from an idea that's about my hometown and loosely based on my life. You know, so I'm, I can't complain. I'm, I'm grateful. I'm happy. I ain't got no beef with nobody, you know and shit, man. I'm just trying to continue to live on do what I do. How Many kids you got Micah? Seven. Man, you had to think about that. You say the one you, you said all the ones you played. Not the one don't do that. He say, oh, you think you got some kids out there? You don't know. I hope not. You hope not. I hope not. No, you ain't that kind Of guy. You know. Hey, I'm glad you know that Mike pps, You ain't that kind of guy, but You're not either.


Don't let him throw It on you. I'm not now. Okay. She has a nap time player. What you talking about? Listen, Listen. But back in the day, sh Look, The last I couldn't keep my pants Up The way. All the la the way all the smoke went, just focus over here. I'm trying to keep you in, in good graces. Yes. Yes. So don't lean into what he's doing Right now. Don't lean over there. Mm. You can talk about your old days. Old days. Yeah. They old days. Yeah, they old days. Slinging it like a pistol. Slinging it, man. But you know what though? Hey man, if you could survive anything and be there to talk about it, it's, it's, it is cash money. That's Right. I agree. I don't care what it is.


If you survived it and you standing there talking about it, it's cash money. That's Why we listen to Magic Johnson so heavy now. That's Right. That's right. That man lived a life. What Magic Johnson. Yeah. Yeah. And what, and you'll forget sometimes You forget that he got HIV. Yeah. You see what I'm saying? Some of the women probably do too. They probably like, They not forget. Man, y'all look crazy now. You got a young child too. Yeah. So how, how is being a, a Old Head? 'cause we all old heads raising that young child. Man, I love it. They giving me life. I got a, I got a, I got a son four years old And I got a daughter five. And they give me life Emini here. Like, And I ain't no old type dude.


I can get up and run right now fast as I want to and do whatever I want to do. So Why you looking at me when you said that? Huh? You looked at me when you said that. What, which part? That you not no old dude. No old type dude because You call me older. I, I meant it by like iconic legend, aging. But you realize like you have the, you have it. You know what Emini here, like you got the, I didn't mean it like, but think About it though. You only, you 54, right? You got a 5-year-old. How old you say a four year, 4-year-old. Think about that. Steve Harvey 68. Yeah. Eddie Murphy and is 60 and they look good. That's what I'm saying. They ain't going good. How much life we gotta live Arsenio 69. I think that's Right. Come on man. Over Here too. I didn't mean it that way. Emini here. No, no, no. That's why she's single. She it's all Good.


How old her wig look Mike. Huh? She ain't got no wig on. Thank you. I appreciate it. It is grown from the scalp. You hate her? Yeah, he just happy 'cause his, his face surgery is new so he's still giving one color on the face. You don't get no Surgery's Young face Surgery is young. So that's what he leaning into. I'm like what the fuck did I just walk into talk about how old wig his old face into Yeah. All three of y'all man, I'll stand. I love that, that that interview. That was my best interview, y'all. Indeed. It was only 20 seconds with Birdman. I love that interview. It was so hilarious. All three Of y'all don't say my name no more.


Yeah man. I loved it man. But right now I'm on this tour right now. Shout out to Shout out to BMN Entertainment. You Done with the mask? 'cause I did have some other questions You better ask, Ask you about here. He got about a couple minutes left. He gotta Go. Okay, so shoot. Okay. So dang the, The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond.


Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagine kicks the dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


I'm Hunter host of Hunting for answers on the Black Effect podcast network. Join me every weekday as I share bite-sized stories of missing and murdered black women and girls in America. In America. There are several ways we can all do better at protecting black women. My contribution is shining a light on our missing sisters and amplifying their disregarded stories. Stories like Tamika Anderson as she drove toward Galvez. She was in contact with several people talking on the phone as she made her way to what should have been a routine transaction. But Tamika never bought the car and she never returned home that day. One podcast, one mission, save our girls, join the search. We explore the chilling cases of missing and murdered black women and girls. Listen to hunting for answers every weekday on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I met you all the smoke. You had to come out with the apology after sitting on all the smoke and you talked about learning how to finally get to Apologize too. All the smoke His right. Yeah. When you sat down on all the, all the smoke podcasts with Matt Barnes, what did that even you said that you were, you wanted to get to a point where you were treating women a hundred percent right? Or something like that. Yeah. And I think people took it the wrong way because they've been with your wife for a while. Right? I saw y'all at the NAACP Image Awards. Thank you. Looked amazing. But does that even come back up in conversation in your relationship? Or how does she handle you being able to joke like you just did about things now that that has happened? No, my wife's a grown ass woman. She's, she's, she's the truth. My wife is, is, is is the truth. And she's a grown woman.


She don't pay attention to none of that petty shit. She not petty. She ain't, she ain't no little girl. So yeah, she can decipher when I'm saying something that that that I might not have meant the right way or whatever. She know when I'm talking shit and when I'm, you know, she know me. So I didn't say nothing to really offend nobody, you know. But it is the truth. It take men a long time to get they shit together. That's right. Oh, I know. That's And every woman that's with Aman has gotta be a little bit more patient than we are with them. 'cause it takes a while. It takes a while for man to, you know, get her shit together. It's Emini here. We, we got, we fighting up against so much temptation.


It's like damn. It's like woo. You gotta be a certain kinda guy to, to really survive and navigate through The World. Sean, were just talking about Whoopi Goldberg the other day. Is that who you want? All I want. She, I say she looked good last night at the Oscar. She did look good, you know, because yeah, when she on the view she look a little, little fluffy, but she looked, Her skin was right. Her skin Was right. You know, body looked right last night And I give the OG a compliment. That's, that's it. That's it. Ain't got nothing to do with nothing. Yeah. Aint got nothing. Well lemme find Out. Ain't got nothing to do. But This tour that I'm on, Hold on.


Yeah. Because I, this Is what I came to promote. This tour. This Tour. We, the one Tour we, the one tour I came to promote this man because we got some young bad comedians. And if you in a city and you ain't seen this tour Emini here, probably a lot of y'all probably seen wilding out. You know them little. It is all, all right. Wilding out, you know, throwing a Shot out. I'm just saying they do a tour, But y'all do a tour tour. Nick Cannon and them, they doing a tour. But we do a, this tour right here is, this is the best young comics coming up in the game right now. How did it become like a staple tour? Because like I remember it started a few years ago.


Yeah. But like every year since y'all been doing this. So how did it become like a staple tour? Well, shout out to my man Blake man promoter outta Chicago. This young brother has been promoting for a long time. He does a great job. He started out, before I started, before I came along, he had D Ray. He was doing like D Ray so many other shoes shows in Chicago for New Year's Eve. And they was selling out sometime two and three shows, man, 10, 20,000 people. So when he put this tour together, you know, I came along and like I said, man we come on man. You got country Wayne, you got Lil Duval, you got Corey Holcomb, you got Tony Roberts, you got Bubba Dub.


Man they Call those those Miller Miller, Carlos Miller Mojo. Man, these, these tell me any young comics is better than these young dudes. These young dudes is Great. What's some OGs in there now? Corey's an og. Corey is og. But see I don't think nobody's funnier than a lot of the og Like Corey is one of the funniest niggas on the stage in The World to me. Like raw or he don't give a fuck. Yeah. He gonna say what he wanna say, how he wanna say it, he don't care. And, and, and that's the great thing. We, it's a nucleus of young dudes and we throw in a couple old guys in there, but it's still a young happy hopping tour. You know what I'm saying? So this tour is good man. We was in Brooklyn last night.


They messed around and put us the day after the fight. So we didn't get the crowd. Last year we did 10,000 people in Barclays. Wow. And this year we only did about 4,000. But you know, the fight, the fight kind of messed us up. But this tour and It was weird. It was on a Sunday. I didn't even know y'all was in town. We, We thought y'all were coming up here to promote the, the show promote For next weekend. For next weekend. God. Because I didn't even know. I didn't even know I was gonna go. But then I seen on Instagram was You wasn't gonna go. I ain't never seen, I always go to comedy show. Do you? Yeah. You pop out. I thing all time comedy show. I I was gonna ask, how do you, how do you, well what's the, the worst show that you seen and how do you talk to a comedian about getting booed? Reason I ask Charlemagne toss all the time.


Ain't nothing funny than a comedian being booed, right? Yeah. Then over the weekend I happen to turn on And I see our good friend Darnell getting booed. So how do you talk to a co a comedian after that? What do you tell him? Big brother advice. You know, every show is different man, you know, but getting booed as a comic, that's a tough one. That's a tough one. 'cause it's a reevaluation of who you are and what you do. And don't be no older like Darnell. He's too goddamn old to get booed. Really Wasn't getting comedy. Oh he was, he was judging. Oh okay. I was about to say judging and one of them white boy, gross Jeff Ross and all of him and boy they wasn't feeling it.


Oh Lord have mercy. He think, I don't know. I was trying to, because he ain't, I ain't texting about it. He hoping that he mad that you mentioned that right now. He was hoping that stayed with the white people to get over here. Oh no. Okay. Well You know what? Every day is a different day, man. You know what Emini here and some days you're going to have your, your jokes is gonna work. I could do a joke one night and it blow it, it it kills in Detroit and then I go to Brooklyn the next night and it ain't popping. But it's just different energy. Right. You know, different cities, different energy. But if you do get booed, gotta go reevaluate your set. You gotta go think about some shit that you said and did. Can't get booed again.


'cause that shit will get you kicked out the business. Yeah. What's The toughest city? I know you gotta go but what's the toughest city to perform The toughest city to perform it? It, it used to be New York but I would say Chicago. Chicago 'cause 'cause everybody's funny. Just the average human being out there in Chicago, they funny as hell and they sitting there looking at you like, what you going say Joe? You know that's one of them towns is like they come to criticize your ass. You congrat to your daughter got accepted to New York University for Drama NY University NY New York University. It's New York University, it's NYU N nyu.


How'd that make you feel as a father? Oh man, this is the thing. I didn't graduate from high school. I was in a, I was a special ed student and for my daughter to graduate and go to NYU, It's, it's a compliment. Wow. You know, And I, I had to give her mother props as well. Her mother did a great job with her. But my daughter is running around NYU and that's the same place I ran around doing comedy at In the Village. Wow. Wow. I used to sit in that Washington Park and with no money and watch people and people watch and, and now my daughter's running around that same area in college.


So man, I'm grateful And I just thank God that, that I was able to raise a child to be able to go get an education that's, you know, so That's amazing. That's what it's about. It Is. Because you said you was in special ed. Hell yeah. I, I had, I was in there for a semester 'cause I failed a, a class so I wasn't like Emini here. I failed a, a standardized test. So they had me in one math class that was special ed. It was just one with the special ed because I wasn't in special ed. Special ed. No, you was in there. Nigga Know what you was. I was crazy. Hey man in there for 30 minutes man. Yours was in there special. And I didn't mean especi people, but like don't do that. You went outside with the folks. Just say I didn't eat lunch early.


Just say it's okay. No I didn't. But Special education is not about the the short bus. See a lot of people get it twisted. There are kids that are slow learners. They don't know how to learn as fast as other kids. That's right. That's how I was. I could read a whole book and tell you they couldn't tell you what it was. But you gotta give them kids a break too. 'cause you look, look at Elon Musk. Yeah. This a dude you could damn, you could tell he wasn't doing shit in the classroom. You know what Emini here. But look who he is. Look where he is at. And, and and, and not to big him up or to knock him down, but you gotta give people a chance. You don't know what a kid going to turn out to be.


That's right. That's right. And that's how I am Emini here man. It's, it's so hard to, I run into people who treated me like shit. And I still treat him nice because I know they don't know. I'm like, okay, I'm gonna give you a break 'cause I know you didn't know I was gonna be somebody and I'm gonna still treat you nice because you didn't know. But that also taught me, you treat people who you might not really have it at the time. You gotta treat them good too. 'cause you don't know what the hell going to happen. I don't respect people like that though. I judge people based off how they treat people that can't do nothing for 'em. That's Right. That's Right. So you gotta treat the custodian the same way you treat the CEO. Yeah. I don't respect that. If I see you talking shit to custodian, but you treat the CEO Nice. Yeah. Stay get. That's right.


Yeah. Get your ass outta here man. This is, we are the ones too man. I'm your host Mike f and we going be coming to every local city. We we going to. We'll be in there. Lemme Help you. Lemme help you. Lemme help you. Detroit on the seventh. Come Ohio On the eighth. Fifth. Come on Fairfax. On the ninth. Come on. March 14th. New Orleans, Louisiana. Let's go. 15th Alabama 21st, Tennessee. That's right. Hit him with it. 22nd South Carolina Greenville. 23rd. Seventh, five, seven Ham. Come on the 28th. Columbia, South Carolina. Come on man. And the 29th North Carolina and the 30th. Charlotte, North Carolina. Y'all only got A website man. Go get. Yeah, we got a website but that shit he just did is really going to work.


We Got an envy shout out on there man. You know what I'm saying? How Long Breakfast Club been going man? It'll Be 15 years this year. Yeah. 15, 16 years. Do you know the first time I met him he was working with Wendy Williams? Yeah. Yeah. How Was that? Was he sitting on her lap or? Yeah, he was sitting in the corner quiet. Really believe. Yes, you was on the show but you wasn't saying shit. He Was on timeout that day. And then I looked up again And I seen, I seen you with, I'm like, this dude that was the dude, this motherfucker Got a show And he end up with a show. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Bbl s absolutely Remember that. Yeah. And she had, she wasn't even, man, it was crazy. So, hey man, I'm proud of y'all man. Thank You my brother.


I appreciate That. And I said I've seen DJ Envy before he got in the game. I used to just see you just out and about doing shit in New York. I said, man, long time you guys really came up. You Know, I wanted to ask you, we had Jais up here. Yeah. Jaqui. He said, Yo, You know, yo, What's wrong Mike? Mike came Frank one Michael Front for one second. Did he catch yourself? I believe Ja, that's right there. Jaqui said. And I told him, I don't believe this. He said you told him he was the next Marvin Gaye. Well I, I told him, I said Ja Jais.


I told him he could be. Why you lie to that man like that? Was it a lie? Yes. You said he he he good. He good. Can he sing to you? Yeah. Emini here dancing. Absolutely. He could sing. But You said he, you look at him like Marvin Gaye like, he's like our generation's. Marvin Gaye. I think people were like, I told him Mike was high, man, Mike was, Mike wanted to make you feel good that day. Hey man, let me tell you something man. The man can, it's probably some little girl out there that think this nigga's Marvin Gay and you got to, sometimes you have to. Hey man, I'm, I'm, I'm about empowering the youth. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I'll tell them that they can be the president knowing damn well they can't, You ain't gonna tell none of these little young comedians.


They could be they they could be Richard Pryor. Yeah, I done told all of 'em. Who you told that to? Told that. Gotta go guys got tv. We appreciate you for joining us brother. You done told him all. Man, thank y'all for being nice to me because I know y'all fuck people up. Mike, Mike, Mike cut it out. Mike. Fuck Mike PPS Club Shake coming this year, Club Shaa. Nah, I ain't gonna do no club Shaa because I'm still trying to figure out why. I'm like, I told And I told, I was like, I know Y'all had to sit down Shannon Sharp. Y'all gotta bring some white men on here and and grill 'em. You can't just grill black people. That shit ain't right. You And I know we make money off Clickbaiting and shit, but clickbait them white folks.


Get some of your NFL players that you know was fucked up. Get him on his show because that's real. Kat Williams. That shit he did. It was good but it was bad. It was, it was, it was good 'cause we enjoyed it. But damn man, he hurt them dudes feeling saying all that crazy shit. So we got, man, we got, we gotta balance it out, man. Shannon Sharp, if you listening gets, we wanna see you interview some of them football players, some of them white football players that was in the NFL that was fucked up just to bounce. Not on no race shit. But you can't just interview black men to let them pour out. They all, they pain on televis, on on these, on these podcasts.


Man. That's some bullshit, you know? 'cause we more than just problems. We, we, we everything man. We we got talent, you know, we got families, we, we, we are, we're entrepreneurs. We all of that. So we have to keep shedding the light on the positive part of that. We already, they already, we already got enough negative light. So we want a podcast. We wanna start bringing people on the letter even though, you know, people don't want to hear that shit. But man, let's talk about some positive shit on these shit. On, you know, Like Nap Town Productions, Nap town production. You got good American family that come out on Hulu this Sunday. Good American Family. Yep.


I produced a, a show Good American family with Ellen Pompeo, another Nap Town production. Love Ellen. And Shout out to my team tc, my man Niles. Shout out to Big Shout out to my wife. You know? 'cause that's where it starts. You know, before you leave the house you got to be all the way. Right. So big shout out. Everybody should give my wife a prize 'cause she's the one that's getting me to these TV shows. And you know what Emini here. But yes, it's, I was able to produce that show, man. And it is all white cast based outta Indianapolis. If you ever never seen the, the, the, the movie The Dwarf. That's what it's about. About this young girl who played to be a, a a, an adult, but she was really a kid and they adopted her and she was trying to kill him.


But anyway, Has Cube approached you about Last Friday? He called me the other day. Mm wow. Said we doing just finished the deal. Oh wow. So we doing the Last Friday, man, and big shout out to Cube man. That's another brother that has put so many brothers on, man. Yes sir. This dude man, this dude put so, and don't really get the props for it, you know, put me Chris Tucker, Bernie Emini here, name 'em, this dude gave dudes opportunities. And that's what I'm doing on the Upshaw. Man. I got, I just had Scarface on the show acting. I had Petey Pablo on the show. I had so many comics on the show and you know, that's what we do.


We turn, we, we we turn it on black men putting black men in a position where they could feed they family and build legacies. Have You seen the script for Last Friday? I haven't seen the script. Okay. But I'm pretty sure it's good. And, and we gonna bring in the new comics. We're gonna put the DC Young flies and all of them in with the OGs. It's gonna be a good ass. Dope. Is Chris Tucker gonna be a part of it too? You, Chris is they gonna combine all The World? I don Hopefully we can get Chris Tucker in. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, we need to get Chris Tucker on on that because people still love Chris Tucker. He's still smokey. He laid it down. He put, he positioned me to do it. So Chris, if you listen to it, we need you baby boy. Come on back. You know when y'all start shooting? Well, don't know when we start shooting, but The deal done. The deal's done and the upshots keep watching Upshot, man.


Shout out to Wanda Sykes. Shout out to to, to Kim Fields, the whole cast. I love them people, man. Unfortunately, this is our last season, but I thought it Was seven. No, we did five seasons, you know, but Oh, I thought I Don why I thought already gonna season seven. Is that a Personal choice? When I tell you my grandma mama, they swear by the, they Love the show Love. Oh God yes. Why last season? The show is changing. The kids are getting older. You know what Emini here, it's, it, it it's had it run, you know, and sometime those shows do that. Man, you know, me and Tiffany Haddish have a show now Okay. That we about to do together. Dope. That's like the Upshaw. It's gonna be about a bar like Cheers or Black Cheers.


It's gonna be off the hood. Oh, dope. Yeah. Okay. So, so man, we we gonna keep the ball rolling. We gonna keep some entertainment in your face, you know. That's right. And support everything Mike Ebbs doing, man. The one Yeah, we The ones tour. That's we the ones tour. That's rights. Right? I'm gonna come to like three to tour dates so you know. I didn't mean to call you. Yeah. Come on. Yeah, come on. Nah girl, you ain't gonna take that serious. It's Mike Epps, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in The Breakfast Club.


Hey, what's up y'all? This is Eric Andre. Well, they made a podcast called Bombing about absolutely tanking on stage. I tell gnarly stories And I talk to friends about their worst moments of bombing in all sorts of ways. Bombing on stage, bombing in public, bombing in life. I wanna know what's the worst way they've ever bombed or have they ever performed way too drunk or high or was there ever a time where they thought they were going to crush and they sunk it up? Listen to bombing with Eric Andre on Will Ferrell's Big Money Players Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts Bombing with Eric Andre.


This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island Stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes. But don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses. But everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing. Karen, where have you brought us? Cancellation Island. Where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Ever wonder what it would be like to be mentored by today's top business leaders? My podcast, this Is Working, can help with that. Here's advice from Google, CMO Lorraine Tu Hill on how to treat AI like a partner. I see AI as an incredible co-pilot. You may use different tools or toys to get the work done, but AI is just the latest flavor of that. You are still the judge of what good looks like. I'm Dan Roth LinkedIn's editor-in-Chief on my podcast. This Is Working Leaders Share Strategies for Success. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey sis, it's Dr. Joy from Therapy for Black Girls. We've had 400 episodes of conversations, growth and healing. So we are celebrating. Join us for a special episode with internationally recognized yogi Chelsea Jackson Roberts as she shares wisdom on mindfulness movement and motherhood. I waited later to have children And I still have exactly what I knew that I wanted. You don't want to miss this special episode. Listen to Therapy for Black Girls on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.