
Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Meet the real woman behind the tabloid headlines in a personal podcast that delves into the life of the notorious Tori spelling as she takes us through the ups and downs of her. Sometimes glamorous, sometimes chaotic life and marriage. I just filed for divorce. Whoa. I said the words that I've said like in my head for like 16 years. Wild. Listen to misspelling on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Angie Martinez, and on my podcast I like to talk to everyone from Hall of Fame athletes to iconic musicians about getting real on some of the complications and challenges of real life. I had the best dad, And I had the best memories and the greatest experience. And that's all I want for my kids, as long as they can have that. Listen to Angie Martinez, IRL on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome to the Cino Show. I'm your host, Cino McFarland. I'm an addiction specialist. I'm a coach. I'm a translator, and I'm God's middleman. My job is to crack hearts and let the light in and help everyone shift the narrative. I want to help you wake up And I want to help you get free. Most importantly, I don't want you to feel alone. Listen to the Cino Show every Wednesday on iHeart radio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Guess what Will, What's that? Mango? I've Been trying to write a promo for our podcast, Part-Time Genius. But even though we've done over 250 episodes, we don't really talk about murders or Cults. I mean, we did just cover the Illuminati of cheese. So I feel like that makes us pretty edgy. We also solve mysteries like how Chinese is your Chinese food, and how do dollar stores make money? And then of course, can you game a dog show? So what you're saying is everyone should be listening. Listen To Part-Time Genius on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Yep. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast. Club. Charlamagne to God. Lauren Lar says, guest hosting 'cause You know Jess hilarious is on maternity leave. Envy is on his way back from 50 cents Humor and Harmony Weekend. But we got somebody here who knows a thing or two about humor. Mm. Mr. Tommy Davidson, how are you, sir? Thank you. How you doing? I'm blessed my brother. Thanks for having me back, man. Absolutely. Good to see you, man. Hey, man. Haven't been here since the, I guess, I guess there was a writer strike on your show. Yep. Yeah. You Know. How long was that? Two, three years Or something? When was the writer strike? Damn, About two or three years. Two years ago. Lauren, the writer strike just Right. Yeah, just about. Yeah. Yeah. Right after the Pandemic. Yeah.


I'm To be back there years. It felt like we just went through that. And you got a, you're doing a one man comedy show at Sony Hall. Oh, yeah. Tuesday, August 13th. Oh, Yeah. Yeah. Tomorrow back New York back. Is this the camera? Yes. Back New York. In New York. They say Derek and Eric. They say Derek and Eric in DC They say Derek and Eric Tonight. Oh, gonna air tomorrow. So tonight you'll be there. Yeah. Tonight I'm gonna be there. New York, watch out. I'm back. I'm back. You still get nervous when you gotta go on stage and in tell jokes. Nah. Okay. Nah, it is a mortgage attached now you are. Right. Right. Where, so it's, yeah. And I tuitions. So, so does it feel more like a job or is it still something that you love to do and it still feels Fun?


Ah, man, it's, it's, it's, I'm a standup first. Okay. Official. It's, it's the love of my life. You know, during the pandemic I worked, I worked in the clubs, And I worked in the clubs that I worked at for like 35 years already. And they were saying, Hey, come out here and save our club. So I went to all these, all these different clubs where everybody was anchor down and it looked like hockey games. They had the plexiglass up mask. And even some of my friends were outside, like You know, You know. I would come and they had their mask. I would come in, but I just, I just wanted to come and say hi, You know, run back the other way. And it's always been there.


You know if I'm doing a movie, if I'm in my movie phase, You know I could do standup, get in my cartoon phase, whatever I do in my career. Standup's always there. You know Standup's always there. I Saw something recently they said they, they remaking. Woo. Not that I know of. Did You see that? No. Yeah. Yeah. Not that I know of. Something like they said they remaking. Woo. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Well, maybe three people to see it by then. Who's the brother you got with you? Ah, this is, this is Donald Northcross, a a really good friend of mine. He has a program called the Okay Program.


Now, the way I got exposed to it was a friend of mine told me about the program. Okay. And years later, I was at a comedy club and he walks into the Green Room, And I go, you the dude with the program You know. So he invites me to their, their their, their yearly national convention, And I Walk in and there's like 30 grown black men and young black men hugging this man and crying, And I. I, I sit back and, and they got degrees. And some of 'em are sheriffs and all these people, And I said, I, I gotta, I gotta know more about this And I just, I got involved because it's a very important thing happening here.


You know. Talk to us more about the program, Brother. Yeah. Well, hey, thanks for having me on, man. Yeah. He ain't never been in New York either, ever. They say, they say he never been to a big city. Yeah. I'm from Arkansas. Okay. I live in Sacramento now though. Alright. I left Arkansas and went to California, became a sheriff's deputy. And I, retired as a sheriff's deputy. And it leads me to what I do today. To be honest with you though, I, as a sheriff's deputy, I got tired of seeing black men and boys killing each other and going to jail. Mm. I looked around for a solution to the problem. And I didn't see one other than building more prisons and hiring more police officers. And so I used to come home after my shift every night. And I would lament to my wife about what I what witnessed on my shift, You know on my watch. And then I'd always finish up by saying somebody gotta do something about it.


And then one night in mid-sentence, it dawned on me, I was somebody And I. I'm, I'm the one I've been waiting on. Mm. I realized nobody else was gonna stop Black men and boys. I'm killing each other, but black men and boys. And so I started this organization and that's our main goal, is to reduce homicide rate of black men and boys. And so, yeah, we do it through what we call a life support system. We develop a, we recruit, train and organize black men to work with black police officers that we interview and carefully select those officers. Because I realize that If, you get the wrong black officer in the community. He can do more harm than good. Right? So we go through a process of vetting these officers as we interview them, and then we select that officer to run the program full-time. We take him outta patrol or wherever he's working and he work, we dress him down in plain clothes. He has a plain vehicle and he works specifically with the okay program.


That's his full-time job. And then we, again, we go into the community, we recruit him, we train these black men in Oakland. We've trained over 600 actually in my last training took us over 700 black men in Oakland that we were trained to work with these, these, these officers. And so we call a life support system because, and it's the life support system. We, we don't hook 'em up to You know about the one that once they catch a bullet in the head, we run and hook 'em up to a life support system and try to save their lives. I realized that we need a life support system that we hook 'em up with You know. And that's, that's what we do. We hook these boys up with the life support system, which is an interconnected network of black men that bring together our knowledge, our wisdom, our experiences, and our resources to provide support in the daily lives of black boys. That's why we call it life support system.


And so we, we do this, man, I tell you, we, we support 'em in the school that officer's on campus every day giving these boys support, talking to their teachers about how they're doing. Their teachers fill out consent forms or the parents fill out consent forms for the school to give the officer permission on, on the boys how they're doing in school every day. And so we recruit these boys, we go by their houses. We, we recruit 'em into schools. And so we don't just hang a, a sign on the door and say, Hey, we open for business. We actually go get 'em. We let 'em know we love 'em. We believe in 'em, we support 'em. And when we interview that officer, we make sure that he can say that he loves his people. He loved black boys. He understand the state of that we're in. And he's willing to work with these boys and these men to, to, to help change the course of our boys.


And so, like I say, we focus specifically on that. So we support 'em in the school. The teachers communicate with us how the boys are doing. If they're doing great, we like to con, we like to acknowledge that and, and encourage that good behavior. But we also on there to correct the negative behavior. The officer supports 'em after school hours. We in the neighborhoods You know we go to their ball games with the men. We build that relationship with those boys. We support 'em on weekends. Every Saturday from 10 to two, we have the boys and the men. That's when mentors come together. And, and we with those boys, we have a curriculum about 35 different topics that are dealing with issues that are germane to black community, particularly black men and black boys. We look at the problem, the contributing factors to the problem and then what we have to do to change that situation, our own situation. And so we do that with the boys and we get 'em in the sixth grade and we follow the same boys all the way through 12th grade.


Wow. So we can build that long term relationship with those boys. So we support 'em like that on weekends. That's every weekend we have those boys and those men. And so the men don't have to come every Saturday. The same man doesn't, I'm a country boy, so I learned You know a lot of hands make quick work. You know, I don't know If, you guys ever shell peas before. But If, you get a bush, right? You Oh yeah. You're from South Carolina, Carolina. You, you from Charleston, South Carolina. Yeah. You, she, I've never charlemagne lat folk. He said shelf shellies. She, he know what I'm talking about Mos. Right. A lot of folks think PEA's the I clean greens and help greens. But we did clear that too. But yep. I'm tell you why I use shell a shelling peas as an analogy. If, you got a bushel basket of peas and you by yourself, you got a long day. That's right. That's right. That's right.


But If, you get three or four people sitting around that bushel basket of peas and they're all reaching there shelling peas and they're laughing and talking, man, it's the duck. It's done Before You know it. I see these old women in my hometown, they be talking, then they reach in the bottom of that barrel for that bucket for some peas. And they say, oh Lord have mercy where all the peas go. That's right. You looking at everybody's wash pan on their lap, they full of peas. That's so a lot of hands make quick work. So I designed a program where you get a lot of men doing a little, you get a lot done. You can't get a few people doing a lot. You burn 'em out. Gotcha. So you gotta get a lot of people doing a little bit. That's why we say we got over 700 men now in Oakland. What we've actually done, we went and we recruited those men, but we only ask them to come up for show for three times every year. But they can come as many times they want to. A lot of men come every Saturday. But I know if I ask a brother to come 5, 6, 7, 8 times, I'm losing, oh god damn my brother, I'm gonna lose him.


Charlemagne. No he didn't. But if I say, Hey, he, all we need you to do is show up for three times and we train all the men. Yes, sir. So all the men have to be on the same page. I don't need a hundred brothers out there saying a hundred different things. I just need brothers out there on the same page. We have to know how we're gonna present ourselves to our boys. We ain't talking about no sexual stuff. We not using the N word. We not cursing. We have to show these boys a different kind of man that they used to. Many of their community You know 77% of our households hit by single mothers. So we make sure that we, we recruit these black men. And, I, keep saying black men. 'cause we don't make no exceptions. All of our men are black. All of our boys are black. We're not trying to solve all the problems in America right now. We just trying to reduce homicide rate black men and boys. And can't nobody stop black men and boys from killing each other. But black men and boys, we have to be serious about this man. How can we help this program? What, what's the, what's the website that they can go to?


Okay. program.org. Yeah. Go to OK program.org and check us out. You know we've been around a long time, been fighting this battle a long time, man. And it is not hard to get me in that grassroots level. 'cause black men look for a message like this. Not only a message, but something that's attached to that message. Like a plan. That's why we call it life support system. It's actually a plan. You know, we, we, we talk about, we support these boys in terms of when they get in high school in our program, remember we get 'em in sixth grade by the time they're in high school now we have a, we have pathway advisors. Now we have other black men in Oakland. They're, they're, they're with the probation department. They, they're assigned to the program full time. So these men, and we, we select them too. But these men actually now they work with our boards in ninth grade, start helping them get their driver license before they get outta high school, their social security card, exposing them to different career paths.


When they get outta school, whether it's all of our boys, they get outta school. They know that they, they, they've experienced this, this, this career path thing now. So we want them to either go to college, trade, school coding, or military. So they, we focus on these different areas so that when they get outta high school, they're just not going to stand on the corner. Now that's a life support system. If we get them in that, in that, in that system, we know that that's gonna save their life. Because they're not gonna be out the streets hustling. They're not, they, they're less likely to go to jail. They're less likely to kill somebody else. 'cause our, our curriculum is dealing with, for example, we talk about some of the things we talk about. Again, we got 35 sessions. But one of the things we talk about, we have on is the homicide rated black men and boys You know we only 6% of the nation population and we'll count for 50% of the homicides each year.


How can any you mean black men? Black men. Okay. We 6% of the nation population look at the Center for Disease Control. We 6% of the nation population, but we we'll count for about 50% of the homicides each year. In Charlemagne, there's no anywhere 6% of a population should account for as many homicides as 94% of the population. And we okay with that. Nobody's talking about let's reduce homicide rate of black men and boys. Incarceration numbers. Well, the incarceration is just as bad. Almost You know. But, but, but, but nobody is talking about in particular black men. I don't expect everybody to talk about it. But I, it, it hurt my heart. That's why I've been doing this for 30 some years now. It hurt my heart to see black men don't have a plan to reduce homicide rated black men. We have a cause we, we jump on every cause out there.


This should be our number one cause. 'cause if we can reduce homicide rated black men and boys, it's gonna reduce violent crimes in our city. In order to reduce homicide rate, black men and boys, you got to love our boys. We gotta love each other. Man. Ain't nothing going. It all starts with love. And as you begin to love each other, you begin to change the, the, the, the crime rate. In our city, more jobs come in, more businesses come in. Everything changes. If we can reduce the homicide rate of black men and boys, nobody can do it. But us You Know. It's the, one of the biggest things that you said You know while you was talking is that you were a police officer. Yeah. But you felt like you couldn't change anything being a police officer. I couldn't do it. Wow. I couldn't do it, man. No, man. I mean, it, policing is not designed to do what I'm talking about doing.


I'm just being honest with the policing is not di designed to reduce the homicide rate or stop black men and boy from going to jail. It's not the police officers are there to, to respond to crime. Basically. They, they, they, they forgot the, the, the, the, the label that we have has been a community service or a peace officers protect and serve, protect and serve. Been a peace officer. We look at enforcement officer because enforcement is how you promote enforcement is how you get a name in law enforcement. So we, we value enforcement over serving the community. And so we have to, we, it You know, I, I had, I, I didn't like the police at all when I was growing up because I grew up in a small southern town.


You know, I'm, I'm about born in the fifties. So you could imagine I was part of desegregation in the South. Wow. Which is where a lot of my mentality comes from. You know, I, I lived in the colorful quarters. I lived on the other side of town. I just see my first black police officer in my hometown until like 1978 I believe it was. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. And so how old are you? I'm six. I'm 65 years old. You look good, brother. I appreciate that man. I'm trying to keep up with Tommy Davidson, man. So Go ahead man. I got my question for y'all. And, and the work that you're doing, 'cause you're working with the program too, Tommy is like, so in the state that we're in right now with like the political climate, do you guys think that Kamala is best for the Democrats and like You know moving forward the the conversation and mission that you guys are talking about with like just black men and them fighting for causes that are gonna make sense for them at the end of the day? Absolutely. I mean, for as the other choice you're saying?


Yes. Oh man, the hands down, no doubt. I mean, You know the, the, the the other. You Don't want police, you don't want immunity for all your fellow Officers. Oh, no, no, no. They don't need qualified. I was going there next. No, no, that's, that's one of the worst things I think that you can do is give someone total immunity from their own responsibility. You can't, you can't do that. It, it, it, it, it creates a problem. You know, there's, I was telling Danny a friend of, I just met Danny, but he, Danny seemed like I've been knowing him a long time. We were standing outside talking, first time I ever met him. We were sitting outside talking to about the business of law enforcement. You know. And I was telling him You know Danny. I said, look, if someone, if If, you are a police officer and I'm a police officer, and we come up on the scene and we have to fight a gal, legitimate fight You know.


And we fight him and then we get him under control. And I get the cuffs on him. And there's other people standing across the street watching just citizens. And once we hit the cuffs on him, Danny, you stand up and you give him another kick, you kick him. And. I. Don't say anything Danny. I say You know how many bad police officers on the scene as far as those people concerned. That's too bad police officers on the scene. But If, you kick that guy. And, I. I push you back. Say, Danny, I I tell you no, they don't have to hear my word, but they see my action. There's only one bad police officer on the scene. But that's what I'm saying. The good officers stand by and allow the bad officers to get away with it over and over and over again. That's why we have so many bad officers because we, we allow to happen. The good officers allow it to happen. And it costs all of us in the, in, in, in, in the long run.


What What do you think Tommy, about the, the question Lauren asked just about the political climate. You know it's always been the same for us. African American community. I mean, we got a choice between the two. Right? And You know if If you personally You know who's for community You know who's for us You know And I. I say who's for us? Who's for the people, the working people You know what's gonna be the outcome. Is it gonna feed the billionaires? Is it gonna, is it gonna take the money to them and take it away, away from all the services that we need? It's been, it's been a battle You know the whole time we You know You know we do the best we can with our, with our sy with our political systems.


Yeah. You know. But You know. It's, it is just like the, the Tilden Hayes Compromise You know we got a choice between the two of them, but when we're gone they conspire together. Yeah. You know till Hay co compromise. I think it was 1856, I think right after the Civil War, You know. And they got together with the Tilden Hayes Compromise. Same thing happened in Miami. Yeah. You know in, in, in Florida. And they were gonna have another civil war over that. So they got in together and they made the Tilden Hayes Compromise. And they said, If, you make our party. The President You know, we'll release the federal troops from the south. And then Jim Crow started, we didn't get outta that until 1968.


So their, their political parties. But You know, we are, we're the group, we're the group of African American. We're we're the group that came here and built basically the imperial wealth of the country. You know all that cotton and all that tobacco and all that rice and all that work. It was all for free. And it was for 400 years. So the people that are sitting on top of that money right now are the, are the same people. You know. And that they're a small consortium. My mother who, who's a white woman out out of Wyoming and in Colorado, and we grew up in DC said, well, the people United will, will never be defeated. You know. So, so we do the best we can with the systems that we're in.


But it does come down to us. It comes down to what we do. That's right. Yeah. And You know, my, my total look at it is that we're, we're, we're doing just fine. You know, we gotta look at the linear comparison of where we are now. You know. And, and they've gone after the, the head of our families with heroin and cocaine and all this other stuff. You know, but they went after the wrong head. 'cause the head is the female. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Absolute You. know, know what I mean? Everybody's grandmother is the one. Yeah. You know. So I didn't know your mother was white. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Biological mother. Yeah. Okay. No, not my biological mother. My mother. Oh, got you, got you. Got you, got you. My mother that found me. Got you. Got you. Got you. You know. Yeah, I think she's black now that I think about it.


You know. But You know. It is just one of those things where You know I go a day at a time and, and, and try the best I can. You know. And so You know, I hear hip hop You know they not like us. You know. We, they are us You know when they talk about the Okay. Program. You know they not like us. They're not got or they're us. Yeah, no doubt. You know. And when it comes down to it, You know we've always been the best things for us. Absolutely. You know. So that's where I'm coming from On that You know, it's interesting, you want to, you, you, you, you, you want to have a conversation with Dr. Uma? No, that was supposed to be between me and you, man. Oh my fault. My is No, no, no, no. He not.


I was gonna try to make No, No, no, no, no, no, no. Because You know, he made a comment that he don't, he don't respect any, any black man to get married to a white woman. And You know I was just You know he's a doctor. So I was like, Hey man, You know. Watching that, watching that, it kind of just made me, made me want to say something. Got you. Gotcha. You gotcha. You know want to say something because You know. We, we, we do that and then we're, we're, we're we're doing the same thing that got done to us You know, isn't it them that said that You know we are, you're not to marry a black person. Matter of fact, they started out saying they can't get married at all You.


know what I mean? So, so, and the way I see it, You know with, with my mother and my family raising me and love me so much. The only good, or well-meaning white people in this country, You know John Brown. And we can, we can go on and on and on and on. You know. So we start that discussion with us. You know, we need to do this and do that and do that You know what I mean? And because we are Africans and we're this, we're that, we're that, first of all, Africans aren't outside of humanity. We're a part of humanity. You know. And we're, we're we're an essential part of it because everybody walked out of Africa and changed colors based on geography and where they were.


You know. So at the root of mankind is Africa. So You know if we trip on color, we tripping on ourselves because it, it is just really a mirror of us. Anyway. You know And I grew up in the seventies. Right? So peace was in style in the seventies when I was a kid. You Know hippie Era. Yeah. Oh yeah. Vietnam kids were coming back That's right. From Vietnam. And women's were getting their rights and there was busting and all that stuff. We're years and years away from that. And now we're, we're we're, we're on our March You know, I, I just really, I love my job because I dispense happy You know I go to every corner of The World, military bases and all kind of stuff, and dispense happy.


I got a great job. You know, it's, it is not like I work at the, at the, at the at at the baggage claim in the airport. You know, first thing they hear is where my damn bags You know what mean when I show up, people go, man, would you take a picture with my grandmother? Right, right, right. You know this is, this is this woman's son just got killed. You know. Would you talk to her You know and, and those kind of things. You know And. I'm just, I'm just fortunate You know I'm on full scholarship right now. Mm. Of my,


The summer is heating up. So the next time you pop open a Coca-Cola or Coke Zero sugar. Prepare for ice cold drops from Coke Studio. New music from your favorite artists and their latest hits with drops from new jeans. Carol g and Peggy Goo Plus live performances at the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke, a Coke zero sugar 12 ounce can and unlock magic music moments all year long, no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility, and prize availability@cokeul.com slash Studio USA promo copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. An available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill. And start exploring with a 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa. Do com to learn more intelligent All, all-Wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo


Welcome to Crimin. I'm Maria Tramar And. I'm Holly Fry. Together we invite you into the dark corridors of history and true crime. For each season, we explore a new theme from poisoners to stalkers, art thieves to snake oil salesman. We uncover the secrets of history's most interesting figures such as Walter Minks, the man who built his own submarine, hoping to escape with his blackmail payout under Lake Michigan. It sounds made up, but it's 100% true. We'll explore the crimes as well as societal forces at play from unfair sentencing to jaw dissolving health risks. And tune in at the end of each episode as we indulge in cocktails and mocktails inspired by each story. Listen to Crimin on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I wanna know how to leverage culture to build a successful business. And Butter Nos is the podcast for you. I'm your host, Brandon Butler, founder and CEO of butter, a TL. Over my career, I've built and helped run multiple seven figure businesses that leverage culture and built successful brands. Now I wanna share what I've learned with you. And on omics we go deep with today's most influential entrepreneurs, innovators, and business leaders to peel back the layers on how they use culture as a driving force in their business. On every episode we get the inside scoop on how these leaders tap into culture to build something amazing. From exclusive interviews to business breakdowns, we'll explore the journey of turning passion for culture into business. Whether you're just getting started or an established business owner, omics will give you what you need to take your game to the next level. This is omics. Listen To omics on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


In a world where TikTok didn't exist yet, that the comedy of a across borders the heart of America, Latinos and his catch rates are part of our culture. But Sonoro Heart's, Cultura podcast network present. I'm Philippe Esparza from television debut. Listen to as part of Michael ura podcast network in iHeartRadio, apple Podcasts or wherever you stream podcasts.


Great-Great-great great grandmother. Grandfather who took, who took the lash. Yeah, they took the lash in and prayed us here. You know, that's a good way to look at it. Full scholarship for my great grandmother took The lash. Yeah, I like that You know, that's what I love about Tommy. 'cause Tommy understands that, how he just explained it about You know we have to be able to You know to respect everybody and understand. But he also understands that as black people and particularly black men, we have responsibility to our own community. And that's what, that's what fascinated me about him. 'cause I know about his, how he, he came up And I know about being found by his, his white mother You know and taking him in and loving him and raising him with a, a white sister and a white brother. But at the same time, and even through that, he never forgot that he still have responsibility to his people.


And there's some unique challenges that black men face in this country and black people in general. Right. But we focus on solving black man problem. 'cause if we can solve this problem, then our whole community gonna benefit from that. And so Tommy, this is one of the three brothers I know that has a spotlight that, that totally embrace what, what what we, what we do. 'cause he understand that he know that we're not you. Tommy understands, I think that, and you can correct me if I'm wrong, but I think he understands that just because you love yourself don't mean you got to not like nobody else. That's right. And so we and he never, he never shied away. I've been trying to get brothers a long time. I've been trying to contact athletes and entertainers, black men who have some influence and have some resources that we can expand this program across the country.


This, this life support system around the country. I it's hard to get to those brothers You know. And it's hard for them to sit down and listen. That's why I appreciate Charlemagne for giving me a chance to come on and talk about this. 'cause it's so important. He's man, Thanks man. And, and a brother like Tommy who having never backed away from it in spite of him, He said no. He said yes before I hardly finish. Yeah. I I have a question for you, Tommy. Just backing off of what you said. So I know at one point you had said like at one point in time you didn't even know that you were black. And that comes from You know, having your adopted white mom. How do you, when going into the, even working with a program like okay. Or like, just anything that you're doing, like how do you go into rooms and have conversations about just being young in your upbringing and knowing that at one point you didn't know that you were black, but then you realize that like, that upbringing is a lot different than like, my brother who like has always been a black man or I mean, you've always been a black man too, but You know what I mean?


Like, just, it seems like you're, you're a lot more optimistic from what I'm gathering from you. And I think a lot of people. So like when we talk about a Dr. Omar, I don't think that he's not optimistic, but I think his background is a lot different than yours. Yeah. Yeah. So how do you even engage in those conversations? Because like, it's, it's different for somebody else who didn't have a white adopted mom. Yeah. Well, You know when it comes to, when, especially African Americans, You know our breadth is white You know, I I, when I, when I, when I found out that I was black and my family was white, I started saying, well, what, what is black? Right? And so to me, in my neighborhood, I grew up in DC So what was, what was, what was black to me was, hey man, you sell drugs, you go to jail, you come back and you be like, this is how it was in there You.


know what I mean? You, you, you, you fight people You know you, you take stuff. And I saw that in my neighborhood. And I. And that was identified as like, hey, that's a positive thing. I need to be down. That was the only example of the blackness you saw You know what I mean? No. Oh, okay. No, it wasn't. But but, but in that neighborhood we had to band together to protect ourselves from just what was happening in general. Got you. So that was a, that was around when I was about 10. 'cause a lot, a lot of the inner city people moved to inner city Blacks moved to my neighborhood. So it changed. You know I was just a little 8-year-old, little 8-year-old boy that had friends of all colors.


You know. But then when it came down to it, there was a distinction. You know. And there was me and my boys You know And I. And then through lessons that I, that I learned just personally like my mother, she wasn't having it. You know, I would say she looked under my bed and saw money and saw all this other stuff and said, you gotta get out. You were selling drugs. Yeah. You gotta get out the house. Yeah. You know what I mean? Do you remember when you turned back And I wasn't a very good drug dealer. No. I Turned back not, not the, you turned You know Black. How, do you remember when you turned back? Yeah, I remember the day. What was the day? Well, the, you You know. I, I had been called You know nigga. Yeah. Okay. And that was the first time grown. I mean, a grown white man chased me home and, and teenage teenagers.


I be riding my bike, they jump outta a truck, kill the nigga and all of this. So I went home to my mother. I was like, who are these niggas? Right? You ain't Oh to your white mom. You said that. What did she say? Yeah. She said, well, she said, that's what people our color call people your color. And that's when the color thing came up. You know And I said, well what about the people that are my color? I mean, she said, you're, you're black. I said, no, we're brown. So when I started investigating this, that was one of the dimensions that I went into Wow. Was that if I'm like this, that makes me legit. But it's, it's a, it's, it's a, it's a social stage. You know If. you take a woman, rape her, kick her in the face, throw her in the dirt, You know, stomp her, and she, her family comes and gets her and washes her off and, and gets her back to normal.


The first thing she's gonna want to do is put on a dress, get her hair done, and get back, get back her, her, her, her sanctity You. know what I mean? And, and that's how societies are, that's how our groups, ethnic groups are in the country. You know, we come in here, we've been kicked down. The Irish went through it. You know they were the dogs of the whole, the bottom of the line You know they, and you can see it through the movies. Right. Once upon a time in America. Right, right. That was about when the Jews were out in the street as gangsters. The Godfather You know, you see them out in the street. They're they're, they're doing their thing.


You know, in, in, in Pittsburgh gangs, You know white gangs. The gangs of New York. Right. I get what you're saying. So, so, so that's a stage all these different minority groups trying to survive. Yeah. It's a stage. Yeah. Yeah. You know, and, and, and, and You know our our coming coming out for us was, was not after World War, world War ii. It was in the sixties. So there we are now and we are in the stage that we're in. But at that stage, the government created programs for the youth. There was Roosevelt's program, the work program in included taking all of the youth and put 'em into camps.


There's the YMCA. Right. There's the Boys Clubs of America. You know, there's, there's a a a four H Club. You know, there's all these things that were created to keep them out of the streets. You know. And we had never benefited from those programs. That's one of the reasons why I gravitate towards this one, because it's organized. It works. I see. It makes sense now. They're grown men. They're grown men now. Yeah. You know what I mean? So You know if anybody in this country has just been kind of bombarded by problem. If the problem, if the problem, if the problem, if the problem You know, it's, it's, it's our community. But the good the the the the best thing about it is, is that we're forgiven.


We're forgiving people. We're loving people. You know we are, we are, we're we're. And we got the tools to heal ourselves. We got the tools to help ourselves. Man, lemme tell you something. So, so it turns into the, the conversation turns into something simple for me. You know, as long as this country is dealing with the human race, we gonna be racing. So it's gonna be You know the whites racing for of resources in the Mexicans racing Puerto Ricans. Racing. Racing. But the second that this country becomes mankind, You know man being kind, then we're gonna get that change. But until then, it's gonna be the root human race.


That's right. And it always, it always has been. But the wonderful thing I love about the human race is this early, early in our, in our, in our, in our, in, early in, in our history, way back when a band of humans that was one color, saw a band of humans. That was another color. The guys would say, the girls look good over there, that color. And the girls would say, the guys look good over there, that color. And that's how we got colored Dress always looked green on the other side. You. Know what I mean? No, it look, it looked, it looked better. Yeah. Because, because they're over here going, those guys over there that are that color look good.


And they're going, those girls over there, that color look good. Thusly. We are all the colors That one over my head, You know. In the, in the, in the Bible they call it begat. They call it begat. Yeah. You know. He begat he be gat this, he begat that You know. Who's that on your shirt? This is Kat. That's Kat Williams? Yeah. Oh, that is Kat. Okay, okay, Okay. Okay. Yeah. Let me stand up. 'cause this is for the algorithm. Yeah, yeah. It's for Shannon. And everybody You know, I wanted to bring the numbers up You know what I mean? Nah. But, but, but that's been a cool, cool. Speaking of comedy, let me talk about comedy because my wife going, you ain't talk about comedy. You got a show tonight at Sony Hall? Yeah, yeah. Yes. One night. Only One night. And, and, and being in New York City people, are you coming back to New York?


You coming back to New York? Yeah, I'm back. I'm back. And I. I I partly grew up here. You know. 'cause my cousins lived here and grew up here. And so New York, I've been You know since 42nd Street, the movies, the whole nine yards. Okay. You know. But I, it's, things have been going really well. And Cat, cat ka The Cat tour is like family You know, we, we, we went around this country, did some big things. He went on, Shannon blew up You know Never changed the attitude. Oh, you was on Cat Talk? Yeah, I was on Cat Tour. Tour. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. And, and it was, it was a great tour. One of the best tours I've been on because everybody's like family there. What's The biggest misconception about Kat Williams you Think?


Hmm. That he's not compassionate. You know. And that's the first thing I know about him. You know what I mean? He, he, he treats everybody the same. Me and him have a lot of similar qualities. You know treats everybody the same. You know at face value. He, he, he loves when you call him directly, You know. That's one of the problems I've had in, in, in, in Hollywood. You know, calling someone directly You know and really talking to them or talking to them at a club or something. You know, Hey, how you doing? Oh, hey, I'm fine. I'm over here. You know and you're over there. He not like us. He not like us. You know. So Yeah. Yeah. You know. You know. You know. But, but You know, You know I'm, we are where we are and, and, and, and we're in a really good place.


I'm one of the people that looks at us at where we are. You know, Hey, the lowly slave spent two terms in the White House You. know what I mean? We wasn't good for nothing. Right. Okay. And now we are, now we're circling back and we have one of our sisters there too. You know. So black women around The, World are going, little black girls are going, I I can, I can do this You know. And it's not as important here. It's important out there in the, in the global perception of, of who we are.


Mm. Because like I said, we're not outside of humanity. We're a part of it. Yeah. You know. And that influences people. When, when, when Obama won, I was in all these different countries. They go to You know the cab driver. You the, you the Obama. Are you Obama? I like it. That guy You. know what I mean? And I. It is just You know we're, we're influencing this world in a, in a million different ways. You watch the Olympics, You know, you, you, you, you see the surgeons and the doctors that are, that are doing their thing here, You know, whatever we touch You know we can, we can turn it into gold. We can spin it into gold. You know. So this is, this is, this is where we are The fifth, the fifth dimension back in the early seventies saying You know we are in the dawning of the age of aqua.


Yep. The age of where we're in it now. The age of enlightenment. That's right. You know what I mean? And we are part of that, that, that whole enlightenment. And that's the good thing about, about us is that we are kind of like a barometer for, for mankind. Because if anybody can go from where we are to where we are, then that means anybody who sees that can go from where they are to where they are. That's right. I think we're in a place too of like really getting to teach people how to treat us. And that that's important as well too. For sure. Absolutely. They saying we gotta wrap. I do want to ask you one thing. Kami, what were your thoughts when Oprah talked about how she was weight shamed by a skin on in living color?


If I were her, I would take it personal. Really? I mean, If, you ain't trying to laugh. You know. I mean You know what I mean? You know. I thought You, I thought that was some inside information. They Oprah on their side. If, you ain't trying to laugh. You know. If somebody said You know You know. If somebody get a ski and somebody did a skit about me, You know. And then Tommy look like he starving You know And and I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm in a little loin cloth and somebody hand me a nail later. You know And, I be laughing. I'll be laughing my ass off. Yeah. You know. But you like to laugh. Yeah, because I love to laugh. And, and and and that's the core of it. You know what I mean? And, and, and what we do in comedy is we take something and we blow it to its extreme.


And that's what makes it funny. Now we're in it. We're, we're in a, we're in a, we're in a climate of a mob. Of a mob. We're in a mob climate. You know, mind me of Frankenstein You know Frankenstein wasn't the monster. He was the doctor. The doctor dug the, the body up. He knew Igor cut the brain. You know. And, and so the, the mob came to, to, to get the monster. And the only reason why they hated the monster is because he looked different. Mm. We got one more. Can I do one more question? So speaking of that, the Proud Family remake got a lot of pushback for a, a couple different reasons.


One of the episodes there was a, a, a male influencer who was promoting like makeup and there was a gay couple on the show and people were upset about that mob culture. People don't like things when things change in general, but especially not when you talk about sexuality and how people identify. What are your thoughts on that Sugar Obama, Hey, listen, who out here is perfect? Right? So if we go an eye for an eye, everybody Blind You know. Yeah. Had, had, had we not stood up for our rights, we lost lives over that You know, had the Irish not stood up for their for, for their cause had the Chicanos not done that, the migrant workers that were picking and doing that kind of stuff, You know I was raised in the kind of household where we had to look at everything equally.


And if we, even if we said a slur, we get punished. You know, like I was saying, You know the mob went after the monster, right? Because the monster looked different and was different. But actually, actually that, that monster was really kind, was really compassionate, was Hannah the little girl's flowers. And he understood what was happening. I'm a part of this society in every way. My brother was a gay male. He was white You know the opposite of my neighborhood and what was black, what was black and, and and masculine. But he was my best friend. He was my best, best friend You know.


And, and, and, and could you understand how that could have alienated me? And it did when I was young because I I I didn't have a brother to help me out there in the streets fight and stuff like that. But as I understood more and understood what love was, You know that that was one of my, my biggest advocates. And this is all about purpose, individual purpose. What are we gonna do while we are here? Right. He went down with his, with his gay and lesbian friends. In, in, in, in, in Capital city. Seattle went to the government, made the government pass a law where AIDS was turned into a legal disease so that people who had it can be insured.


You see what I mean? So we are You know what is our purpose? You know our purpose is like the pandemic to survive. Right? Right. It's only when we're at the precipice, You know of survival that we pulled together. But why wait till then? Lemme tell you something. I respect Tommy Davis's ability to answer a question without answering a question. Okay. Because you'd still be dropping Jewel. Yeah. I got, I got where you were going with that. Go back. Go back. I like what you gave us. Tell us, tell us the website again for the OK Program. Okay. program.org All right. Yep. Okay. program.org. And, and Tommy Davidson will be at Sony Hall tonight. Is it sold out already or, ah, it's Sold out.


Nah, no, no, it's still Tickets. Okay. Well's still some tickets available? It's New York You know they going to walk up You Know You can go check out Tommy Davidson tonight at Sony Hall. What time is show start Tommy. Eight. Eight o'clock. Don't make yourself a stranger, man. It is been too long between conversations, my guy, it's The Breakfast Club. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


Meet the real woman behind the tabloid headlines in a personal podcast that delves into the life of the notorious Tori spelling as she takes us through the ups and downs of her, sometimes glamorous, sometimes chaotic life and marriage. I just filed for divorce. Whoa. I said the words that I've said like in my head for like 16 years. Wild. Listen to misspelling on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Angie Martinez and on my podcast I like to talk to everyone from Hall of Fame athletes to iconic musicians about getting real on some of the complications and challenges of real life. I had the best dad, And I have the best memories and the greatest experience. And that's all I want from my kids. As long as they can have that. Listen to Angie Martinez, IRL on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome to Crimin. I'm Maria Tramar And, I'm Holly Fry. Together we invite you into the dark corridors of history and true crime. For each season, we explore a new theme from poisoners to stalkers, art thieves to snake oil salesman. And tune in at the end of each episode as we indulge in cocktails and mocktails inspired by each story. Listen to Crimin on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


There's something different about the conversations we have late at night. They often spin off in strange and wonderful directions. So what if those laid back conversations or with some of the biggest musicians in The World Midnight, chances already welcomed Tame Impor Charlie XCX, mark Ronson, fin Staples, and many more. Join me, Stuart Stubbs and me Greg Cochrane as we talk to our favorite musicians about the things they don't normally talk about. Listen to the new series of Midnight Chats on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your favorite shows.


Wanna know how to leverage culture to build a successful business in butter. Nos of the podcast for you. I'm your host, Brandon Butler, founder and CEO of butter, a TL. And on omics, we go deep with today's most influential entrepreneurs, innovators, and business leaders to peel back the layers on how they use culture as a driving force in their business. Omics will give you what you need to take your game to the next level. Listen to Butters on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.