
Piece of the planet, Charlemagne tha Godhead.


And I want you to know from Curtis, 50 cent Jackson and the executive producers of Power comes the explosive new season of the Stars original series Raising Canaan. In the riveting fourth season, slates have seemingly been wiped clean for Canaan Rock and the rest of the Thomas family. However, in the eye of the storm, when very dangerous obstacle looms large, unique is alive, unique makes a volatile and violent return as he hunched to upend the lives of the time family. Don't miss the season premier Raising Canaan. Watch now. Only on Stars in the Stars app.


Hey everybody. It's your favorite play cousin Jr. From the Steve Harvey Morning show.


You know, the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra. With available I force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this season on my podcast. Here's the thing. I speak with California Governor Gavin Newsom. Is there any chance of increased tax breaks for the movie business? We're gonna double It. You are. I proposed that a few months ago, and that was right before the fires. What do the fires only reinforce? Right? The imperative. And also working with all our friends, you know, the, the who's who of Hollywood saying it's time to double down on bringing production back to California, particularly this time of recovery and renewal. I said to my legislative friends, I'm said, there's no budget. I'll veto the budget. If We don't get it done, it's gonna get done. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, what's up y'all? This is Eric Andre. I made a podcast called Bombing about absolutely tanking on stage. I tell gnarly stories And I talk to friends about their worst moments of bombing in all sorts of ways. Bombing on stage, bombing in public, bombing in life. By the time I stole a girl's phone during a set and she dumped on stage and threw a big haymaker punch to my nose, listen to bombing with Eric Andre on Will Ferrell's Big Money Players Network on the iHeartRadio app, a podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club and we got some special guests on the line. This morning. We have Wendy Williams and Gina. Hi. Hey. Good morning. How you feeling, Wendy? Morning. How you feeling, Gina? Good morning. We're doing well. Gina. Hi, I, good morning, Wendy. GI want to tell people who Gina is. 'cause Gina's name came up yesterday in a, in one of the TMZ articles. Gina is the president of Connect Care Advisory group. And you know, Gina has been, man, Gina has been a godsend for Wendy Williams throughout this whole process. Man, I I, I want salute Gina. And I want y'all to walk us through what happened yesterday, please, with Wendy. It was a lot going on.


We saw Wendy leaving the facility with all the police. Yep. You know what happened? Well, the police, the police showed up and, you know, Emini here, I'm exhausted. You know what I'm saying? I, I am exhausted and I wanted to go to the hospital to talk to the doctor. You know, Gina, you can expound upon that a bit. Please. So We were actually trying to figure out how to kind of break through and get some kind of motion into this case. 'cause we were pretty stuck at one point waiting for the lawyers to get through and get some type of trial.


So I did two things. I wrote a letter to the Adult Protective Services. Yeah. Explaining to them Wendy's situation. She was isolated. Yeah. And we needed an investigation. Yesterday morning, during our morning calls, I told Wendy, we will be calling the police. Mm. And we will be speaking to police. And we be telling them that you are isolated. Listen. So, so, And we need Some help. So, so, so two police showed up, you know, where I was, you know, at the Cory. And, and so I was telling them, you know, the same. And, and the next thing you know, there are two more police.


So there are four in total. And I was talking with Gina, you know, and saying, go ahead, Gina. Yep. And the police came into the room. Wendy gave me the phone, And I pleaded with the police. As of Wendy was my child, please, you need to get her off this floor and listen, she's con she's confined. I, And I told them I am not incapacitated, you know, as I've been accused. And this floor that I live on is the memory unit. The people who live there don't remember anything unlike me. Like, why am I here? What is going on? It's a cry for help. You know what I'm saying? Charlemagne, you know, I talk to you often and a lot.


And Gina, go ahead and talk, please. Now, Gina, let me ask you one question. There was something yesterday that said that Wendy dropped a note out the window and that's how the police were called. Is that true? Is any truth to that? No. That's so funny. What? Wendy's talking to me on the phone and she's like, Gina, there's a photographer downstairs, what do I do? Yep. And I'm like, she's like, should I write them something? Listen. And I'm like, yes. Write help. Lemme tell you, this happened early in the morning and it just so happens, you know, 'cause all I have, I have a window, a bathroom, and a bedroom. You know what I'm saying? So I'm looking at the window And I see somebody say hi. So I'm like, hi back. And I get on the phone and I'm talking with Gina, you know, and my niece And I asked them this, that and the third.


Go ahead, Gina. Yes. It, the no had nothing to the do with it. We, Wendy And I actually called the police directly Okay. And convinced the police to come over to do a welfare check. Absolutely. And yes, no, go ahead, finish. And just insisted in pleaded with the officer on the phone that you, you have to get Wendy outta here. We have a guardian who is telling the whole building and The World Yes. That she's incapacitated. Yes. And she needs to be on a locked unit. Yes. And I said, please, I said, you cannot walk outta that building without Wendy. And she, she told me, I promise I will not Yeah.


I'll bring her Out. Was I was shocked to see Wendy walk in yesterday. That's what I was telling Wendy yesterday. I'm Like, damn, I can't, we seen them look for die of feet. I was like, I, I cannot believe, look, Wendy, Lemme tell you something. So the cops, the cops say to me, you know what I'm saying? They say, Wendy, you know, you have to leave the scooter. I said, okay, but just walk with me. Okay. And so they walked with me. So it was like exercise for my feet. Go ahead Gina. Yeah. And so when the officers were there, Wendy started to feel, she had a little bit of anxiety. And I said, tell them that you need to go to the hospital. And I said, when you go to the hospital, you're going to ask for an independent medical evaluation.


Yes. But the building was giving us a hard time. They first sent a nurse. Yeah. And they're like, oh, Wendy, we'll we'll take care of it. I'll take your vitals. And I Said, no, thank you. No thank you. And I'm on the phone and I'm like, no, we need a medical doctor. Right. The nurse says, oh, we have a doctor in the building. No, I want an independent doctor. That's right. And I'm an independent doctor. Yeah. I said, no, she needs to get out. We need to go to a hospital that's not a hospital. Right. We need to get her out of there and she needs to be seen by medical outside of this facility. And then finally the cops were okay with that. And then the ambulance and Wendy was okay as well. And they called the ambulance.


So just To clear it up, just to clear it up. So they didn't want her to leave. They tried to do everything to make sure she didn't need. Oh, internal. Listen, listen. And then I, I was on the phone. I was on the phone with Gina, and then I'm on the phone with my lawyer. You know what I'm saying? My lawyer was like, oh, okay. And I'm gonna meet you at the hospital. You know what I'm saying? I'm surprised. Sabrina, Sabrina, I'm surprised. Sabrina Morris, he didn't come and jump on the ambulance. No. Please. My, my lawyer Tu was on it. Yes. Question for you guys, Tu salami. Yeah, she did. That's my lawyer. I actually called her, told her that Wendy was going to be admitted into the hospital. Yes. And she drove from Long Island to the hospital.


And she actually stood by Wendy's side because I said, you have to be there and you have to tell the doctors that Wendy's being held captive. The World thinks that she's incapacitated. Right. And they need to do an independent exam. Right. Because the issue here was that Wendy has a guardian. So that guardian is in charge of medical decisions as well by, so I told her, yeah, By the way, at the hospital, they tell me that my guardian was right here, you know, on the other side of, of right here and never said hi. And my lawyer could attest to that. It say the guardian person, Sabrina Morris was In the hospital Yes.


And never said anything to me at all. She was At the hospital yesterday? Yes. This is yesterday. Yesterday morning. Yes. Yesterday in the afternoon. I I'm, yeah, she was here. Wow. I didn't see Her. She she never said anything to you. You know, she, did you see the vanity or read the Vanity Fair article? I don't know how you would've read it though, Wendy, but she said that you guys have a really good, oh, hey, Wendy. She said that you guys have a really great relationship and that you guys, like, it's very friendly when you see each other. And, and that happens often. But she was at the hospital yesterday and didn't say anything to you. Please, please, please. She, she, 'cause she's lying about the Vanity Fair. What you mean? She's lying in Vanity Fair, you mean? Yeah. Yes.


About, about what what was being said according to what she was saying. Gotcha. And that she was there with, anyway, the point is, is that then where I am, you know, at that, at that coterie right now, there is another person right there. Like, if I open the door, there's a person from the Coterie. Wow. It's ridiculous. It is. It's ridiculous. It's very sad. You know what I'm saying? Now if you're just joining us, we're talking to Wendy Williams and Gina is also on the line as well. Gina Lisa, she's the president of Connect Care Advisory Group. Now, now tell us what happened when you got to the hospital, because there were claims that they did a test and she got 10 out, 10 on the test. So what happened when she, she actually got to the hospital?


Well, when I got to the hospital, you know, immediately, you know, and they're saying, you know, I get checked in. Right. And then, you know, they, they checked me for the, the heart palpitations. And, and they, they did, did all kinds of scans. And, and Gina, can you expound upon? Yes. So she arrived at the hospital and the attorney convinced the doctors. So according to what was told, the Guardian was there and Wendy's attorney. And I think there was a little back and forth as whether she was gonna allow Wendy the Guardian to get evaluated. The doctor saw there was a difference between the guardian's opinion and her lawyer's opinion.


And the doctor had to go to his legal department from the hospital to clear to see how he was gonna do it. He received the clearance for the evaluation, and then Wendy took two evaluations. And pretty much they're, they're evaluating whether she has competency and is able to make decisions. And she passed both tests. What does the 10 10 mean? I'm sorry, What did the 10 10, why? What does it mean? 10. 10 outta 10. 10 outta 10. 10 outta 10. Correct. 10 questions asked. 10 questions, correct. Answered correctly. Emini here, they asked me, they asked me simple things like, like, you know, who's the president?


You know what I'm saying? What's my birth date? But like, anyway. Yeah, I Scored. Who'd you tell him The president was? Wendy. Oh, please. A friend of mine. A a friend of mine, A friend of mine Who was on the show and also beyond. I have a question for you guys too. So there are reports that this te this exam that you did, can't be used in moving forward to prove the, like that you're not incapacitated. Can you clear that up? Or like, explain like, I don't know if I, if I missed that part, like how that can, how this will be used? That's actually false. That's, that's a medical exam done by an independent doctor, by a very well known hospital.


You can use that for the court. So what's the, And I don't know who said that. What's The next steps? Gina and Wendy tell people what to Well, can I tell you something? Can I, can I tell you something? Of course. The Guardian, my lawyer was gonna come to the hospital to see me. Right. And the guardian, from what I understand, gave my lawyer the wrong address. Oh wow. So it just, well, it just so happens that I know what hospital I'm in. So when I was talking to my lawyer, she said, are you sure? And I said, yes. Why do you say that? And yeah, Because everybody thinks you're incapacitated, so they don't think they know where you at.


Correct. They don't think you know where you at. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Trying to keep me hiding. Hiding so that, so that they can keep it so that everybody thinks you know them. Wendy, You gonna be on the, are you really gonna call into the View this Friday? Excuse me, Gina? Yes. Can you talk, please? We are calling in and having a, a talk with the wonderful ladies on the View. What time is that gonna be? I don't want Wendy calling nobody before. It's 7:00 AM Oh my gosh. Okay. It comes on at 11:00 AM The View my friend Whoopi Goldberg, joy Behar. Listen, I've been to The View several times in life. See, it's nice. I enjoy the view Because Wendy just woke up by the way.


I just want y'all to know that. Okay. Wow. She ain't even brush her teeth Yet. They also said at Vanity Fair that the only way that you're able to talk in these interviews is because it's scripted. But you don't even, you didn't know any of the stuff that we were asking you today. So, Well, well, you know, what? Do you wanna know what my, my, my guardian person says that I don't know how to talk. That everything's scripted, which is untrue. You know what the, the same, the same person who says I am incapacitated, which I am not. Oh, excuse me. These are the same people who say, you know, if you say something too much, then I am too, like scripted or, or whatever. It's like saying whatever, like, who doesn't say whatever? I'm sorry. I say whatever.


It's, it's, it's all, what do you say? I call it like a All Jedi mind game. Right. She really just wanted The World to believe that Wendy was incapacitated. Right? She had her locked up. Yes. She gave her a phone where she can't receive calls. And her big mistake was that she didn't realize who Wendy Williams was. That's right. And she has a platform like Breakfast Club and she's very well connected and there are people who will back her up. And I, And I have to tell you, And I have to tell you something, whenever I'm on the radio and I'm talking with you, Charlemagne, whenever I'm talking with you, DJ Envy, whenever I'm talking with you, Orin, whenever I'm talking with you, you know, Gina, you know, s Ocado, Harvey Levin, you know, I Emini here.


You know, just, just my life is so benevolent talking to you people. Really, Those are all our folks, you know, yesterday everybody was like, yo, they can't, they can't wait to see, you know, Wendy back on tv, blah, blah, blah, Emini here. Wendy does have plans once she gets out, but, you know, we'll talk about all that stuff at another day. And I saw you And how long were you at the hospital? How long was she at the hospital? Gina and Wendy. And is she back at the facility or is she still at the hospital? In The hospital? No, no, no. I I, I'm, I'm still at the hospital. Okay. I'm waiting for my lawyer, you know, who will be here also. There, there's some things that I cannot talk about regarding the hospital, Gina.


Do you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Don't tell nobody where You at. I No, we're not gonna tell nobody That. No, no Emini here at this point. Everybody's just trying to figure out what's gonna happen, whether she's gonna go back to the luxury prison or, But can I tell you something? Can I tell you something though? Here at the hospital, believe it or not, I've met so many beautiful people, you know what I'm saying? We talk about this and we talk about that, and yes, they know who I am. And believe it or not, yes, they listen to you on radio. They, they, they, they, they, they Emini here, Emini here. It's, it's really, it's really kind of amazing. You know what I'm saying? That, that, that, and those people who saw that four part dump regarding the LifeLock time element N lawsuit, you know, the people who saw that four part thing, they, when they look at me here at the hospital, they're like, Wendy, it's so nice to actually see you.


You are so this and so that, and I'm talking about gorgeous stuff, you know, in terms, terms of the way we're talking to each other. You know what I'm Saying? Well, when I was on the phone with you yesterday, you was kicking mad people out your room. That's all I kept hearing you do. You kept telling people, get the hell out your room. And that's what I said. Oh, that's definitely windy. Listen, I gotta tell you something. My lawyer, my lawyer and the beautiful people at the hospital, they brought me Chipotle. Do you like Chipotle? Love it. Of, we love Chipotle. Of course. What? You get a bowl. Let me tell you something, let tell you something. Simple things like at the Coterie on that floor, you know what I'm saying? There's nothing like, oh my gosh, I would love steak.


Medium. Well done. Mm. I would love Mm, You forever a big back corn on your, Ooh. Like, like, come on, my mouth is watering. Well, hopefully you'll be home soon and we can get you all of that good stuff. Oh, that's, you know, another thing people say, they don't, you don't, you don't say how you doing enough for people? No more. Well, how you doing? Am I allowed to say that? Yes. Is that too, is that, is that too as, as the, anyway, too Scripted, as the guardian would say. Gina, Gina there, there's a lot of talking that me and Charlene do continue to finish talking and then people might start coming in.


All right, well, listen, just tell, just wrap it up, Gina. Tell 'em, you know, maybe give us some next steps. Tell the people what they can continue to do to, you know, get you to the finish Line. Continue supporting Wendy. Continue just hashtag free. Wendy, we're hoping we can kind of find an alternative plan instead of going back to the luxury prison. I know Wendy wants to give a big shout out to NYPD. Yes. Who came in and just stood their ground and make sure that Wendy was able to walk outta that building. And shout out, shout, Help. Shout out. Shout out to yes. And shout out to shout out to all the New York police people please. Thank you. We love you. Wendy, wait, real quick. Do you Go? Thank you very much. I love you all too. Lauren, what's the timeline on this?


Like the investigation and stuff? Like when, when, how does, how does that work? Because I know there's two now, right? Which investigation? There's one by AP PS, adult Protective Services and one by N-Y-N-Y-P-D. So like in next couple days, Protective Services, the, the case is still open. I have the direct line to the worker that wa that will be handling the case. There's a couple of options I put out For should come in here and even coming to the court And make a recommendation that the Guardian should be removed, that Wendy should be in a less restricted environment. Adult Protective Services does have that power and I'm urging them that they immediately use that power. Gotcha.


All right. All right, Gina. All right. Wendy, Gina. Wendy Williams, thank you so much. Thank you guys. Thank you. All right Now. Bye Bye-Bye. Wake That ass up in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this season on my podcast. Here's the thing. I speak with California Governor Gavin Newsom. Is there any chance of increased tax breaks for the movie business? We're gonna double It. You are. I proposed that a few months ago, and that was right before the fires. What are the fires only reinforced, right? The imperative. And also working with all our friends, you know, the, the who's who of Hollywood saying it's time to double down on bringing production back to California, particularly this time of recovery and renewal.


I said to my legislative friends, I'm said, there's no budget. I'll veto the budget. If We don't get it done, it's gonna get done. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, what's up y'all? This is Eric Andre. But I made a podcast called Bombing about absolutely tanking on stage. I tell gnarly stories And I talk to friends about their worst moments of bombing in all sorts of ways. Bombing on stage, bombing in public bombing in life. By the time I stole a girl's phone during a set, and she dumped on stage and threw a big hay maker punch to my nose, listen to bombing with Eric Andre on Will Ferrell's Big Money Players Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Hunter host of Hunting for Answers on the Black Effect Podcast Network. Join me every weekday as I share bite-sized stories of missing and murdered black women and girls in America. Stories like Erica Hunt, A young mother vanished without a trace after a family gathering on 4th of July weekend, 2016. No goodbyes. No clues. Just gone. Listen to Hunting for Answers every weekday on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes lower from Blumhouse tv. iHeartPodcasts An Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst as he unravels the mystery of his vanish boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person, sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously, listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.