
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career. And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Hey, Brooklyn nine nine ERs. It's a reunion. The ladies of the nine nine are getting back together for a special episode of the podcast. More better host Stephanie Beatrice and Melissa Ro. Welcome friend and former castmate Chelsea Ferretti. Remember When we were in that scene where you guys were just supposed to hug And I was standing there? Yeah, you And I was like, can I also hug Them? Listen to more. Better with Stephanie and Melissa on America's number one podcast network. iHeart. Follow more better. And start listening on the free iHeartRadio app today. Wake That ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club.


We got a special guest in the building. Who? We got pretty v My baby. What's up V? Hey guys. New book. The Pretty Victory 100 Day Guide to Recent to Yourself and Find Your Purpose. It is out right now. How you feeling? I feel so good. I feel Blessed Black and just, you know, obsessed with this book now. You know, I'm just excited for this journey. Like it came from a text message via social media posting and now just having my own book. Like it's just, it's amazing feeling For sure. It Makes sense for you to have a devotional, a book full of affirmations. 'cause all you do is send us devotional and affirmations know every day. I know. Yes, I know. So it makes sense. Yeah. So It's completely on brand for you on brand. Yeah. And you know what I love about it?


'cause we just going jump straight and into it 'cause my sis got other press. How else? So, you know what I love about it is you had said in your, in the, it's not really a chapter, but it's a segment how to use this book. You said it took you a hundred days. Yeah. Right. To, to start thinking new and doing new things. So what are some of the things that you felt like you had to work on in those a hundred days? What were the, the hardest things that you had to overcome? Well, just not entertaining social media. Hmm. That was one of it. So it was like a fast Yeah. I was like literally in my closet writing this. Like, I literally was just like, I was giving snippets on social media. I was like, like I, I, I watched TD Jakes, so when I seen TD Jake's sermon, he's like, stand on what, you know? And for me, I'm a mind person. You know me, I'd be all in my head overthinking things.


Yeah. But it's, it was more of like, okay, let's separate from what I know that I'm familiar with doing the skits on the table, entertaining, checking the social media, checking the DMS engagements to like, girl, you just have this book deal and you need to get to it. So I was really in my closet. I had to separate, just sacrifice the social media, take that away for a little bit and get locked in my closet and just start writing. Hmm. And I was just throwing little snippets on social media to see how people was gonna react. And it just became a book. And I just had to literally write, write, write each day. You know, shout out to Nikki. Shout out to Frankie. Like just for helping me. 'cause I still wanted to add like the comedic side and you know, wanted to shout, you know, Charlemagne like yourself asking for y'all quotes. Like what makes your guys Victoria? Trying to put it all together and not just be your typical devotional.


'cause everyone is not religious and everyone just doesn't understand, you know, I spirituality. Yeah. So, And I believe in Jesus Christ. So, you know, I didn't want to dumb that down either. I needed to throw him in there. Yeah. But it's for everyone. It's a unisex book. It's for the, it's for the women as well. And I just wanted to really like tap into the other side outside of being funny For sure. Because it's so much. Did you ever get frustrated while you was, you know, doing your a hundred days and like, flip that table you'd be dancing on like Jesus, did you Come on flippy and tippy a little? The tippy. Tippy? Yeah. No, I didn't really, I didn't get frustrated. I just said like, I got a mission to complete. Like, I was like, I wanted to shut this book down and like, let's get on the table and like let's do what I gotta do with my friends.


Go out. But I was like, they on me. I know that the ministry's in me when it comes down to speaking life. I gotta get this done. And remember I told you about it. Yeah. At at Charlotte's thing. Like, do I need your quote? Can I put it in there? Yes. Because like I said, we have our group chat where we send in the devotions and Constantly. Every day. Every Day. Yeah. Yep. And, and, and then sometimes you'll even explain, you'll go further into it and even explain exactly why this is why this is the one that you picked to send us today. You know, God will lay it on your heart. Yeah. And me and be sometimes will feel like how, you know what we going, you know what I'm saying? How you know what we going through. But that's the, that's the best part about you. Why this for your first book though? Because Davana is a person that wears many hat shoes.


Yeah. You are not just funny. You do so many other things. Yeah. Why not? A memoir is right. Yeah. For the first book. Yeah. A memoir like you said, why why the Book? Yeah. And I just, No, no, not, not even. Alright. Well not even a memoir, but are like your layers of who you are. 'cause a lot of people don't know you are Devonna xl. Yeah. That who you say who you are in the book. Yeah. I ain't trying to spoil it. Yeah, you do. But you do say in the book, I'm gonna save who I am for the next book. Yeah. Okay. Why isn't that not the first one? I just, For me, I just feel like I just have so much work to do. Yeah. Like, that's not even there yet. Like I just need to like do some so much more. Got it. I'm just not there yet. And I feel like let's put something out where the people could appreciate, you know, And I was like, this devotion, if someone told me I had an interview, they were like, okay, well we just, we like the funny beat.


Like this is just, the book is so serious. I was like, girl, you haven't even got the book. Hmm. The book. Not even I yet. Right. Like, you know, like, I want to give you guys a part of me and if this is what I have to do, I'm gonna be still, I remember when I had, we had Covid And I reached out to Charlo And I was like, oh, Charlo, I'm overthinking. We ain't, ain't gotta work. That Char said, be still, I hate when Charlotte told me that. I was like, be still, I hate the word still because I get to think, I get to be in my head. But that's one of the things that's to answer your question in the beginning, like, I had to be still. And I hated it because I was like, this has to be written and the only person that's gonna write it is me and whoever else we hired to help me put it all together. So Emini here, I just wanted to put a devotional out because I was like, it's just necessary.


Like you said, it's on brand. Hmm. And I just want people to hear my story. Everything that I've been through. You know, delay is never a denial. I talk, you know, I talk about Hollywood in here, just don't change, you know? Yeah. And just keep going. And you know, don't be afraid to walk alone. The relationships. I have friendships and people I've, you know, dated, like how you just don't have to walk alone in your pain. You need to, God will send help. He was an angels. I talked about in the beginning when I was so hungry in college. I had no money. I had no food. And Mr. Shout out to, you know, Saint Augustine University, hello North Carolina. He helped me, gave me $50 and laid on his heart. God said, you didn't eat. And here's, here's the money. I just talk about all the, the prophetic ness. Yeah. Like that's in here. That brought me to this day. So I just hope it, I know it's gonna help a soul.


You feel me? The mission is, I don't look at the numbers. I look at like, who am I touching in this season? And if that's what it is, we gonna rock out. And when I say be still, I'm quoting the Bible verse Psalm 46 10. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Be still and know that I am God. Yeah. All right. Which means that you should trust in God and recognize that God is in control of all circumstances. Come on. On all things. I just hate at the time. 'cause I was like, let me work. That's right. I was like, COVID, Why you close your eyes? 'cause You a clown. Like it is hard to take you serious up here. Eat the beef. Still it Lord, you about to speak in tongue close eyes. Like, I'm like, What? I closed my eyes. 'cause you're a clown. I cannot take you seriously at all. Yeah. Now, I wanted to ask you, now, your mother's a pastor, correct? Yes, she is. Yes, pastor.


She instills a lot of this into you. So, so talk about growing up with your mother, being a pastor and, and you still doing the, the, the funny skits and the outland skits and, but you still are so close to your, your faith. Yeah, My mom, like again, her mission is to do what she has to do Emini thing, but in ministry. But it's the thing, we are doing ministry, okay. We're healing. Like laughter is healing. You know, outside of what we do is a gift. You know what Jess does on stage? I can't do what she do that's up there. 15 minutes, 20 minutes, four to five. I'm over here. Like, can we do some magic tricks? But that's what you do. Yo, can we do, I Wanna do some magic tricks. Y'all, y'all wanna see it.


Like, that's me. You Know, like that is the Like, can we do something? Come on now. Like, lemme put the pink road back on. Like, that's just like, I, I commend them for being in their purpose and walking in their purpose and being the legend that she is. Me on the other hand, I'm like, I'm gonna jump on some tables. I'm going to be some, I'm be a personality, these characters that I have and there's no judging, like just walking your gift and when God steers you some other way, go do that too. But right now, in this season, I'm, I'm just doing both. I'm balancing it all. Emini here. People may take it serious, may not, you know, and some people, you know, may not take it serious. Like, okay, should we trust in this character that has been doing this stuff for years now she's writing a book. I don't believe it. So that's why it's in everybody face.


I'm posting every day about it. I ain't on the table right now. I'm gonna just let y'all see what's going on. Because respect this avenue. You know, I've, we, we, we are doing a lot, but respect this calling until I decide to say, all right, we, it is been five months now. Let me get back to what I'm doing and still carry with it because it's my brand, you know. But my mom, she loves me. She doesn't judge. She's like, if this is what you're doing, just don't do nothing that's gonna take you away from God. Gotcha. That's it. That's all. She not that type of mother. For sure. And and you, you, you sold out your first show last year when you did Chiron. Chiron. That was very different. You was in Atlanta at the, what was you at? What was the name of the video? Center Stage? Center stage. Yeah. We was There. Yeah. And you sold that out period.


She ain't never say she don't sell out on about y'all. Yes. And we gonna, and that's the thing that we putting her on a road too, like, you know, we, we added more characters. I was actually scared about her. She Put her on the road. Like it's not her put her on the road. That's how she got We gonna put shirt on the road, you know, this year. So I'm excited about that. I was just trying to just make, get this book going. But Sharon deserves a stage, like more people to see her in New York. For sure. This is the, the pit of al Jamaican people. So I wanna bring her out here. But yeah, I wasn't afraid. My mom came up, she seen me whining, she seen me talk about people. She seen me up there carrying on. So yeah, we just wanna walk into that. You Know what's interesting about that? You talked about Jess and her gift of being able to do standup. Like, you know, stage plays have been around forever. Yes.


You know what Emini here, there's people that have made multi-millions of dollars off stage plays. Of course we know the Tyler Perry's, the not what's the other brother's name? Dang. You know what I'm talking about? Who? For the play? Yeah. The black stage plays. If he did it too. Play. No, I'm talking the guy that put your mom David Bert, I think. Yes. David Bert. Mm. I think. Okay. Yeah. But but, but that's a lane that a lot of people, especially your generation aren't in. You could easily be producing stage for you. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. And everyone tells me that. They're like, I just gotta text. I think it for out to Tory Lanes. I know you, you feel me? Shout out free, shout Out. Free, free, free, free Tory Lanes. Like literally he, he dmd me the other day and was just like, yo, you could be producing plays.


Like you're just so, And I be like, nigga, How you know? You know, but you like, Yo you feel me? Like Megan thee stallion just unfollowed you too, man. Well, she wasn't following me in from the jump. Oh, Okay. Yeah. She wasn't following me from the jump. She wasn't following me. But I love Meg And you know, I love Meg, but I'm just telling you what he told me. Right, right. You know, shout out to him like, hey, like I think you should do that. And of course Charlotte told me too, I brought the idea to him like, yo, I wanna do this. I wanna do these plays. You know, I want to get my characters involved. But my thing is, is like I, I sent him out the devotion. I said, look, thank you so much for that advice, but we going, we act on it. We gonna act on it. But I just, I just wanna make sure everything is right. And someone told me just do it.


I think I'd just be scared of people just like, are y'all gonna show, like y'all gonna come out and support me? Yeah. Yeah. And that's how I was at Chevron. I was like, y'all gonna buy a ticket? Like, you know what it is. And I was so nervous that day. But you know, Fate and fa can't coexist now. I know. I know. I know. So that's why I just, I I I went at it and just did it. Yeah. Yeah. David e Tarver, that's his name. David. And flew to J Kyle too. J Kyle does stage. Oh, J Kyle. Yeah. Yeah. He on the road now, right? Yep. With the EVA joint. Yeah. I'm excited About it. Now with all the, the long list of everything that you've been doing. Yeah. You also received your honorary doctorate degree. Yes. And for humanitarianism, I say that word right. Humanitarianism last year they Was on your ass for It too. I know Jess said it should be a certificate YI Was like, Jess a certificate. I knew it was coming.


I knew it. I knew it. A Certificate. Si. See Now did that. Now I know you are proud of that. I'm extremely proud of you. Yeah. Because you went to college in real life anyway. You got real, you know what Emini here, but not taking anything away from your honorary doctorate degree. Yeah. But did that moment when people were coming for you or you know, the backlash that you received from it, did that take away from like the enjoyment? Did that take away from, you know, the fact that it was a victory for you? That was still a victory Yeah. That you received? It did. But it didn't. Okay. Right. Because like I said, I wasn't the only one who received it. My mother received it that day. My brother received it that day. And I feel like there was, there's a process. It wasn't like, yo, what up? Can we honor you?


You gonna get your doctors? No, I had to like fill a whole moment out. I had to get in this class and, and do put work essays, put work. I had to just do the whole thing before I got it. So I think it was that, that moment dragged out for the longest. I was like, why are we still talking about the doctors? I ain't never tell y'all niggas I was getting a white coat. Like, I never tell y'all I was in school. I didn't say Charlotte, come to the graduation and just be here at Five and Envy. Bring your wife and kids. Like, I didn't say that. I said, how you got that many tickets? I got six kids say, I know Lot of tickets. I Never said I was getting a white coat. I got something that the community respect and honored And I was like, feeling great about it. Yeah. Like all these great people got it. Usher, Missy, Michael Jackson, I guess.


'cause I'm not in that caliber, it doesn't matter. And she's on a girl and she's doing a skits and like, we're not taking it serious. Like, oh, they're just giving out this title to everybody, whatever. I was like, whatever. I got it. They, they seen me, they acknowledged me. They gave me my flowers. They shouldn't change the name. I, it shouldn't be a certificate, Jess. But at the end of the day, it is what it is. You, you know, I got it And I stood on it And I know my friends were happy. I know you guys were Absolutely. I definitely Right. Was happy For you. Yeah, I know. YI was just like, let's get it, let's go. You know? So it's just for the next person, you know, like they may call you and say, Jess, we want you to be in an honorary delta. I'm like, I'm all for it. I love that for you. Yeah. A doctors as well. You Not with all that pink and green on excuse. Excuse Me. And she might be aka Never know. Yeah. Aka may call her and we like, just, do you not know, I did a whole video for you when you got this position for breakfast, breakfast club.


The whole video was represented around just hilarious. Because this is awesome where you're sitting, thank you. Like this. It was no other person. I was, I hit Charlotte, I said, oh, you, that's a Jesse. Like she deserves that seat. So even when you went, gone, went missing for the baby. I'm like, okay, where Jess at? You know? Yeah. But again, things had to come in and fill in for you. But this is your seat. Yeah. So as a person, as a pretty VA beast, Simone, a Jess as Aru Ski a Marco. These are accolades that we're like, what we're getting. Yeah. Like, and I'm just happy that I got it and I'm happy that it's all my house ended up. And I'm like, I'm happy for you. I'm excited. That's amazing. Your family, your family. I got one from South Carolina State, just getting one from Baltimore City Community College. First of all. Oh my god. What?


You know, I'm not getting anything from Baltimore City Community College. No, they didn't send nothing yet. They don't even have Twitter. They have a Twitter. It's a community college. Don't do them like that. They don't got no damn Twitter. They said they wanna give you honorary doctorate. You don't hear that. Shut up. Beat city community college. And if just get That from the community college, we lit. Like, you, You don't to look that up. He had to look that up. He's such a clown. Bcc. See, I told you looked that up late. Anyway. You talked about, I'm happy about it. You said earlier that, you know, you talk about people you've dated in the book and stuff too. Yeah. Yeah. I Ain't say no names. Oh, you Ain't say ain't no names in the book. Ain't no names in the book.


Ain't no names in the bar. Okay. I actually called to make sure I could throw a little s slip on me. But other than that, yeah. Where's the love life now since you're doing all this work on yourself and you had a hundred days to change and to thank newly. Yeah. Where's the dating status today? Single And not ready to mingle. We is focused. We is getting to it Emini here, we where I'm on a mission right now. I got you to just focus on a pretty victory. Focus on all the great things. Whatever I put down, I'm picking back up in this season. Hmm. I feel like, like I'm just growing spiritually more. Like I'm asking God to cover my heart, be open to new collection connections, but cover my heart, cover my borderlines. Yeah. Of my ear gates. Like, I'm just really intrigued, just having fun. Like the skit, the comedic side. And I'm, I'm running what Charlotte told me, he's like, yo, you are all purpose entertainer.


That's right. I'm running with that. Doing everything I could possibly do. Whatever I put down, I'm picking back up. So right now I'm single. You know, I hear whoever, like, you feel me, like, okay, Miami, like Miami Dolphins, Eagles, what they do. Like who I, if They feeling blessed up, they can, you Know, dentist entrepreneurs. Where y'all at? Bus drivers. What? What? Whatever. I hear you. Me. But we, You know,


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


The more better the merrier title of your podcast. All your old Brooklyn nine, nine Friends are appearing on your favorite podcast. More better Don't miss Brooklyn Nine, nine Stars and show hosts Stephanie Beatrice and Melissa Ro as they welcome their friends and former castmates. Back to laugh about old times and swap some stories this week. It's Gina ti herself, the talented Chelsea Peretti. Remember when we were in that scene where you guys were just supposed to hug And I was standing there? Yeah. I was like, can I also hug them? Then next week, the nine nine nonsense continues as the more Better Amigos. Sit down with Joe La Trulio. AKA Detective Charles Boyle. There'll be more laughs more conversation, more stories from the set and more, more better. Don't miss a minute. You Felt safe enough to fill out a bad idea, right? Yeah. Emini here. That is the key because you're definitely not throwing out good ideas all the time. Emini here. That's just not how it works. Listen to more Better with Stephanie and Melissa on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes lower. I met Santi at a luau party in October. I'm Santi Damien. Oh, it was bizarre. The guy just disappeared one Day. Santi has been missing ever since the hookup. What is that? I'm solving a mystery through sex and haven't made a private dick joke until now. Like no matter how hard I try all roads lead to the Hookup. You think it's causing people to turn agro. I'm gonna rip your arms off and use them to Yeah, that's a word for it. This is such terrible representation. I'm so sorry poppers. These aren't just in me. Poppers. Mama always used to say God gave me gumption and place of a gag reflex. No, not my psychiatrist didn't laugh at that one either. Listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


You Work in single, I'm just bobbing out. I Wanna add both of y'all something, you and Jess, right? 'cause in day 19 you talk about following God's instructions, right? So I want to ask you, how do you know what instructions are God's instructions and what's not? And I wonder about that in regards to relationships. Mm. Like does God say, you know what? That's who you should be dating or that's who you should be dealing with. Did God don't let me? You said, did God tell me? Yeah. Did God said is my person. Yeah. This is the person you should be with. Absolutely. I I feel like God sent me a man after his own heart. You know, me and Chris, we pray together. That's my partner. This the first time I've been in a relationship where I actually feel like we're doing the spiritual growing together. You know what Emini here like, and other relationships, they, I'm not saying that I was dating atheists, but I would initiate the praying.


I would initiate, yo, let's, let's read together, let's, you know when, you know, you sent me two of these, right? Yeah. He took one and he's like, yo, I didn't know she was doing the Daily devotional. I said, yeah, well, she sends me, he said, I know she was turning into a book and you know, we started reading it. Like he, he's very, very, very spiritual. He's a Christian, God fair man. And yeah, I do feel like God has spoken to to me and told me, this is, this is the last person that you gonna be with. This is the last and final relationship. Wow. And this is the one you believe. This is what I was preparing you for. You believe that? I do. I do believe that wholeheartedly. I believe That for you. So what about you? God told you? Is this is God told you, look, I don't want you dealing with nobody right now. See, God is not the author of confusion. Hmm. So whenever it gets a little rocky for me, I know that's not him.


Ooh. I've been in spaces where it's been confus, confusion, manipulative. I talk about that. I conniving just controlling. And that is not of God. Now, God will put you in situations for you to learn. It's a lesson like a warning does come for destruction. Understand what that means. Like it comes for destruction. So I think in this season, God is saying, be still and be patient because you have tapped into different relationships. Whether it weren't, wasn't good for you. You have tapped into different friendships that held you back. So I think in this season, he is telling me to be still and wait on him. Seek he first the kingdom of God. I keep hearing that. Every time somebody call me, they're like, oh, you were in my spirit and this dropped in it. Matthew, you need to to read this. Yeah. I'm like, okay, what am I doing that is moving too quick and not bringing God along.


So, and, and, and waiting on his answer. So that's why I said in the beginning, I'm just waiting on that soft whisper to move. So in this space that I'm in, I'm like, if it ain't of him, and if I ain't, if we ain't doing what we need to do, I don't want you, I don't care how much money you got. I don't care if you got this unit chain on. Yeah. I don't care if the the Jabal is to the ground. I don't care if the Tims is flapping the I I don't want it. Yeah. It's not. You want a New York nigga. That's what it sounds. Timba Is what, so what's the most important chapter? Of course, each chapter leads you to the person that you, you feel that people should be or that you are. What's the most important chapter to you The most? If you wanted one person to say, I I wanted you to, to read this one chapter because I think this chapter is whatever.


Yeah. I love you. I love you. And why? Because I, we don't hear that enough. Yeah. The household I grew up in, my mother said it, but my dad was very slim to none. You know, Caribbean man, very hard, very like, straightforward. You don't hear it as much. And then when you do, it's like, I have to say it All right, dad, do you hear me? I said, I love you. Mm Oh, I love you too. Ooh. My father showed he loved us for sure. Yeah. But it wasn't like, I want you, I want you to tell me that because the, the trips and the gifts and the Christmas stuff and the back to school clothes, that's cool. But I need to tell you who I fell in love with and they broke my heart. Know, I need you to understand like, that I'm hurting right now And I don't need to call my mentors in the industry to ask for advice.


I wanna call you first. So I, I I I love you is my, my favorite day of the book. I don't know what day that is, but that, that's one of the important 'cause we don't hear it. I I didn't hear it from you. How does that change you as a person? Do you say, I love you to everybody now because you missed that you didn't get that like you wanted. I do say I love you to a lot of people, but I also, I think my heart is warm to people. It's like more open because my father was very closed. Gotcha. Yeah. Like, again, it was just all about making sure you're dependent. You're this, you become a lawyer, you become a realist. He didn't care about the comedy. He was just like, that ain't going like whatever. Yeah. Until I showed him that I could turn funny into money until I showed him that I could do these things about my first home and, and help the family, you know, as much as I can.


But I love you was not, he didn't say that as much. You know, where Is your relationship with your dad now? We're good. We locked in. Okay. Like, that's my daddy. Like, you know. Yeah, for sure. But it's just like being a Caribbean per, he's, everything's hard. Like, it's just like, all right, books, make sure you're in there. Make sure you become who you supposed to be. Don't do this, don't do that. But like me and my dad's, like my, my best friend have, he had had those talks with him? I did. We had a moment one day in Miami and we was back and forth and like, I was like in his space and like, you need to respect da da da da. So he texts me and my dad. My dad don't even know. I don't even know how you know how to text. I was like, is my little brother doing this for you? Or this is from your heart? And he was like, we just have to work on communication. That's the first time I, he understood my side And I understood his side.


Yeah. You know, so Yeah. How did you pick who you wanted to do your, to help with devotionals? Talk to me Like, it says, you know, it's, you have friends and mentors in the book. Like Shaq, Issa, Raye, Duval, Tiffany, Jess, myself. Yeah. Like how did you pick who you wanted to have in there? The impact that you guys put on my life? Emini here before, like I knew what rap shit was. Charlotte was just like, yo, this show would be great for you. You know, the advice that I've gotten over the years from him, like, keep going. You know, I text be like, you love you, keep going. Ah, ah, two V keep, keep striving. It's just the impact. Jess, I watched her growth. I'm inspired by her walk. Again, like I said, I can't do what she does. I think's inspiring to me.


Issa, you know, taking a chance on me to be a part of her show and still speaking to me after the fact. Like checking up on me. And you know, she was gonna be one of my moderators, you know, for the book tour. But her schedulings for people, that's what I'm saying, people who to come out they way to do things. Like this is a pinch me moment for me. You know, I don't take this for granted. Like, everything to me is like pure and genuine. I love it. And Shaq forgive me the best advice. Every time I would respond in the blogs, Shaq will hit me like literally two minutes after. You know, I have to call you like, yo tell shot, don't block me all. What's going On? I know. Yeah. You know? So I think for me it's more of like him giving me the best advice. Don't respond. Yeah. You're a queen. You don't come off your throne for them people. Right. And I didn't understand, 'cause I, I want to explain so much. And he's like, no, we not doing that.


And Duval like, that's just my dog. Kiara, she helped me when I was in, you know, in my head during Covid. She, her, she gave me her aunt's counselor, you know, therapist so I could talk to her. So shout out to Kiara. She like, I was really in a bad place in 2020. And she was just like, you know, look at the Bible. Everybody in there had c committed suicide, overthinking. You had this in the Bible like this. You're not the only one walking through this space. V like, keep your head up And I'm gonna give you my auntie's counselor so you can talk to 'em. 'cause I, I was afraid of it. Like, I was like, I'm a church girl. Like, all you gotta do is pray and da da da. You'll be all right. But no, you actually need somebody. And I What put you, what put you in that space in 2020? Just the, the, the covid, you know, And I had covid and covid hit me mentally.


It didn't hit me physically. Mm. I was just in my head a lot. The brain fog, overthinking stuff. Like just doing the most. And I kept calling my mom, I think I need to go talk to somebody. And she was like, it's covid. Like it was bad. 2020 was bad. Everyone was passing away at that time. And I just didn't know how, I didn't know how to center myself. And I think in that season it's like, get in your word. Like God's pulling on you with some things. He wants to talk to you spiritually. And that's when I reached out to Kiki and she was just like, you know, I'm gonna tell you right now to keep going, but you know, this is gonna happen. But get in your word and I'm gonna give you my, my aunties, you know, counsel so you can talk to her. So everyone plays a part in my life. Even the Victoria TT Sheena, you know, Tisha Campbell, like just everybody in here. So be Simone. Like everyone's in this book.


Were you sad when Rapture got canceled? I was. I was like, yo, Issa, you good? You got something else I can be a part of. Like what I like, I'm sorry to hear that, but what's going on? I'm sorry to, but what's up Yo Ec like, you know, it was one of those moments, but you know, I respect it. She just, you know, I got the email. I spoke to her and you know, onto the next thing. She's a genius. She's come up with, how Did that call go? She called you personally to let you know, or What? It was a text, you know. Okay, gotcha. It was a text And I was like, thank you so much, you know, for, you know, allowing me to be Deja and, and all that good stuff. And she was like, for sure keep going. And like, you know, it was very intimate. And then, you know, I seen it doing the emails and stuff, so Yeah.


But he was always coming up with some stuff, you know? Yeah. But I was like, yo, sorry to hear that. What's going on? Zy? Like what's the next joint? You Know, What's the next joint? Because she probably little too like, sorry, we gotta keep moving. She probably in her mind like we done with Insecure, we done with this now to the next. And now she has a movie. That Movie S kiki pop keep Amazing too. That Should be like $40 million. That's What I'm saying. We were supposed to have a show. Remember? Me, you and B were supposed to do a show. And Nick. Nick, oh my God. Messed it up. Lie it was, excuse me. Huh? I did not mess it up With Nick. When Nick, yeah. It was such a clown. It was fire though man. It was went through with that. It was gonna be Lit. We even shot like, but You know what's so crazy, Jess? You was in a season where this was happening too.


Yeah. So we were trying to figure out how you was even gonna make that work. I would've figured it out. If we moved on. Moved on. We would've figured it out because I could could those 4K four episodes. Yep. Busted out. Like we would like we used to be out Too late. It's not too late. Emini Here. It just, it is just like, Nick got, Nick got like 10 shows Right now. Yeah. Nick got a lot going on. Nick Got 10 shows. What Happened with the show? I don't Know. It got it. Just never, it just never came to, took off. Like we, it, it even was so cute. Got close to, I know it had even got close to like, like contracts. Like we, we had shot the, what would we say, a pilot. We had shot the pilot had a couple episodes in the can, like Good, good Energy Me, b and v. Like it was, it was great guys.


But then we just couldn't figure it out. You got a midget in your corner over there that well we know does television production that can do it. IgE it. Oh, Nin Turtle. I'm the average height for Man in America, Sir. Yeah, yeah. Ninja Turtle. Come on With some stuff. Well, Nick, I'm sure Nick probably owned the rights to it. No, we don't have to do the name. It was pretty hilarious. Yeah, that's, yeah. The name of it was pretty hilarious. Hilarious. It was a clip show though, right? Yeah, it was a clip show. But we can change, we change the concept. Emini here, I Emini here. We doing movies, we ain't, we doing movies. Who's we? What you mean? Who's we? I'm saying no, you doing movies? Yes. Doing movies. Gosh. Okay. Lord Jesus. All right. Yeah. So shout out to Issa man. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. She's dope. And I actually auditioned for that movie too. I was like, yo, where the part that You auditioned for good days?


I did. I did. Oh, okay. I, yeah, I did. I didn't know that was that, you know, that we then we telling you. Yeah. But I definitely audition for that, which was good. You know, I try to, you know, slim me in, slide me. They're like, nah, where the talent at? You know what? Emini Here, like, yo, let me ask you this. When you audition for Rose, you don't get it, do you, do you still watch it when it come out? I do. Oh, why? Because I, I don't, yo I be, it took me so long to watch Queen and Slim. 'cause I was supposed to be Queen and then, yeah. Wow. Yes. And then my brother was like, why you ain't audition for Slim? First of all, don't, don't play, don't ever play with me Emini here. I could play both, you know, but don't ever play with me. But yo, I be mad when I don't get stuff. So now I feel like a hater. I don't watch it or whatever. Yo. But you know, I, I actually watched it and it was fire You, you chose the right.


Yeah. You know, S Cs a but I didn't do, I wasn't, I didn't go in doing Ssar or Kiki's Rob. Okay. It was some, somebody another road, you know, sometimes they add in and take it out and fix up some things. But Desi was in there that, that was great to see our signs and the people in the building. That's what's up Issa. Again, like I said, that's how I chose. 'cause she's just so supportive. So thank you for setting that up. And that connection is Charlotte. 'cause like Issa is like, she's just a sweetheart And I just respect her in the business. And I'm sad rap rap shit gone though because that was fire. It'll be plenty more. Yeah. Yeah. What you doing now? She don't. Yeah. Yeah. The Pretty Victory. The Pretty Victory And author honey. And what's so funny about this book is it may, it may not make sense to people now come, but as you continue to grow in this business and people get to really know you, they gonna understand, oh, this makes all the sense in The World.


Yeah. Because for us, we know this, like this what we do all day, every day, Every day. And that's what Nick said when we was in la, Nick was just like, we, because you know, we were promoting the wilding out tour and all that stuff. And he was like, the ticket sales may not be good, but one thing we gonna know, we gonna send a devotion, Read that the ticket gonna go up no matter what. No matter what I'm, but I'm extremely proud of you Seth. Even the back, you show cute. I knows my bull. Look at the little face. No, this is so on brand for you. Yeah. I'm so excited about it. I really am. And again, it's, it's for the men as well, you know, so I'd speak about, you know, who are you King? You know, I speak about, you know, I love you King. Everything's in here just for, that's my brothers as well. So y'all could tap into, it's not just for the women, people just think like, you know, oh, she talking about, no, I'm actually giving y'all y flowers as well too, because y'all deserve it.


Let's end on this. You said if you're starving, you'll eat anything. Ooh Lord, break that down. If you're starving, you will eat anything. It's just, it's just plain and simple, you know? Again, you gotta wait and be patient. Like, like I just said, if the opportunity come for me to do something that's off brand And I want it And I feel like I'm not doing anything at the moment And I feel like I need the money or if I feel like I, I want to be at a, a place just to show the people that I'm working, I'll do anything down the line. It starts tenting things and tenting the brand and making you look crazy when you should just wait, be patient in the season and just wait. That's the thing. Like opportunities have come to me to do certain things and I've said no, no, no.


But if, And I know I needed the money, I know I needed to do certain things. I know I wanted to put it towards a Sheron show or just my craft. But if I would've said yes, I'm just doing anything just to do it. I'm not waiting on the process. I'm, that's what I just said. And I think day two, there's a process before the promise. And the thing about it is we'll just go through, try to go straight through that promise and it ain't doing nothing. It's just, you just did it just 'cause to seem to show your fans and your followers that you moving and you working. I'm out here with da da da. But they got you doing all these roles. I remember a producer hit me the day and said, yo, I want you to be a stud and be like a lesbian stud in one of my movies. And I, And I was like, you straight, like I don't wanna do that.


I'm bigger than that. Like, you know, like no shade. Like I don't wanna put like Be your, you make your stomach out like y'all straight. Like I'm Good. Like I don't Wanna do that. Did you tell him I would do that? Why you ain't call sissy? Why you ain't call sissy? He's crazy. Why ain't call you sissy? No Jack, you wanna do this for me Rick sis? Didn't you wanna be a bitch? What's up? Wanna be a Stu killed? You already know. You already know I get study on these niggas. I get study on like a lesbian. She a little, she a little butchy pregnant. She like wife beat on picking the hair all. I'm like, I don't wanna do that for, I see it for Jess but I didn't but I didn't wanna do that.


You ain't passed that. I don't. For me, I don see my God, I Don't see the picking in the head with a afro. Yeah. I was like, I don't see the wife beat on. Yeah. You know, with the stomach And I'm a lesbian. I didn't wanna do that. Nah, I didn't wanna do that. And That's just not me. No. That, that don't match with devotions. But you know, but that doesn't match where I'm just trying to go period. You know, no shade. Yeah. You know. But at the end of the day, if I would've said yes and then down the line if somebody was trying to see my, my reels and see certain things and whatever the case would be, if it was raunchy and whatever, I don't who the people was. Yeah. It was just like, it's a no for me. So if you know, if you're starving, you'll eat anything. You are not waiting on your process. You're not going Through your process. Including some, well you you day 69 and the devotional starving anything, Anything.


I didn't just wait. Basically just wait, just wait For When it's the right time. And when God say move, He said, I ain't trying to eat another girl. What you mean? I ain't starving that bad. I don't wanna do that. You know, I don't wanna have a pick in my head. Find me something else. Get down in the rolls. You know, like get down in the rolls, get, get shovel up some things. That's Push some things around. Well the book is out now. The Pretty Victory And I think it's only right we leave with a prayer. Yes. A pretty prayer. That's cool. A pretty prayer. What a pretty prayer boy. Is it Like a long prayer? Are we getting? It's up To you. Juan's up to you. My sister got press. So what's up to you? Close your eyes and you go, you got to go. Period. Well that other press is tomorrow, but, So Father God, we just thank you so much for today.


Lord God, we thank you that you are so worthy. We just thank you that you are so massive. We thank you that you are so powerful. Lord God, father God, I wanna say thank you so much for what you're doing and what you're about to do. Little God in these last and evil days, Lord God, the seen in the unseen, the heard and the unheard. Lord God, father God, we thank you for all the doors that you're opening, but all the doors that you are closing, Lord God, I thank you for every soul who's around this table. Lord God, just Lord God keep her in perfect peace, Lord God. Let us to know that she's seen. Lord God let us know that she's heard. Lord God every cry that she's cried, Lord God, ask that you hear her touch down on her heart. Lord God purge her into her greatness. Lord God, it's so much things that she wants to do. Little God in this season, Lord God. So give it to her little God. Give her the witty inventions, Lord God to do it. Little God, let envy Lord God, keep him going. Lord God, allow him to be the best Father. He knows how to be little God. Let him quiet the noise. Little God, whatever he may be dealing with that we may not know in his secret place, little God, we just ask that you cover him under the blood little God, his kids, little God, father God, do a round of protection over his kids.


Little God, even his wife, Lord God, many opportunities, Lord God will fall with his family. Lord God bless Charla Lord God, keep him in perfect peace, Lord God. Anxiety, anything that he may be thinking about overthinking, Lord God, anything that he may be feeling like on the days that he may not express little God, father God, we just wanna say thank you Lord God. Keep him little God Father God. We just ask that you catapult charlamagne's career Lord God too higher heights, little God. It's never too late little God to do it. Little God, father God, whatever he's writing down in his journal, little God, whatever he's thinking about, little God, him and his wife shall do little God. Even his kids will eat off of those benefits. Little God and Father God, the generations to come and to come and every soul that's a part of breakfast Club's team, little God bless them now and forevermore in Jesus mighty name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. How intentional she Is when she prays.


That's Right. It's pretty The pretty be the The Pretty Victory. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning, The Breakfast Club.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen Report.


Hey, Brooklyn nine, nine ERs. It's a reunion. The ladies of the nine nine are getting back together for a special episode of the podcast More better host Stephanie Beatrice and Melissa Fu welcome friend and former castmate Chelsea Ferretti. Remember when we were in that scene where you guys were just supposed to hug And I was standing there. Yeah, I was like, can I also hug them? Listen to more. Better with Stephanie and Melissa on America's number one podcast network. iHeart, follow more, better, and start listening on the free iHeartRadio app today.


Hey Man, what are you into? I Have the hookup. The hookup, the hookup for what I'm solving a mystery through sex. And haven't made a private dick joke until now. Poppers, why are there so many poppers, all roads lead to the Hookup. You think it's causing people to turn agro? I'm gonna rip your arms off and use them to, Yeah, that's a word for it. Listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Hi, I'm Arturo Castro and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse, and now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes, a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, and Joseph Gordon Levitt. I love storytelling And I love you, so I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.